Welcome to the Dr. Gabriel Line Show. In this episode, I sit down with Dr. Arena Mallock. She's a urologist, a Euro-genital reconstructive surgeon, say that three times fast, sexual medicine expert. If you are someone who has sex wants to have more sex better sex, or perhaps doesn't have sex, this episode is for you. We talk all about orgasms, we talk about a rousal desire, you name it, we've got you covered. As always, this content is free. Please take a moment to share, subscribe, leave us a rating, a review, we'll be so grateful. If you want to learn more about health wellness, skeletal muscle, all things that will make your life better, head on over to my website, doctor, gabrealline.com, sign up for my free newsletter, and you will get amazing information delivered to your inbox weekly. Now, let's jump into the show. Dr. Arena Mallock, I'm really excited to have you on and we're just talking offline for a number of reasons. Number one, you are a female talking about sexual health. And I think right now the scope is there's a lot of discussion on TRT for men. And when we talk about sexual health, everybody talks about erections, but from the female perspective, I would say it is really under represented, not even spoken about, maybe people are embarrassed. Yeah, I mean, there's a lack of knowledge, right? Like I don't think there are videos I've made on the basics of female anatomy, and I can't tell you how well they've done, because people don't know the basics of female anatomy, that the clitoris is the organ for pleasure, that is the homolog of the penis, meaning that how you stimulate the penis to get an erection and to get orgasm is the same way you're going to stimulate the clitoris to get an orgasm from a female. And it's like things that are just so simple, that are dot-tot, not educated about, and then people don't know their bodies, or how to pleasure themselves or their partners, and it can be really traumatic. It can be a situation where you feel like you're broken because things are not working the way they should, or that you think they should. And what's fascinating is it's a whole medical field. And I was reviewing before you came on the podcast, and I will say that my husband was so excited that you're coming on the podcast because you are a superstar. You did public, so you are trained yourologist, you went to NYU Medical School, I think you did a residency at University of Chicago, which is one of the best in the country, if not the world. Then you did a fellowship at UT Southwestern right nearby, right nearby right down the street in pelvic and reconstruction, reconstructive surgery, and you're also trained in sexual medicine. Yeah, and it's an honor, it's an honor to be able to have gotten through the training, have wonderful mentors, and then have great friends who've also taught me a lot of colleagues. You know, I think you keep learning, and that's really the most exciting part about being in this privileged position to take care of patients. And I'm sure you feel the same angle. I do. My first question to you is why sexual medicine and why, so there's sexual medicine, and then for the listener, pelvic reconstruction is a very specialized field. Why those two? Yeah, so when I was in residence, they really liked all of yourology, but I realized that as a female, yourologist is only 10 to 11 percent of us in the country that are practicing your alleges who are female, so a really small number. And I knew I was going to see female patients, right? Whether I wanted to specialize in men's health or not, I was going to see female patients, and I wanted to, and I really enjoyed reconstructive surgery, and wanted to be able to give them a really good quality surgical experience and medical experience. And so I did a fellowship in female pelvic medicine reconstructive surgery where I learned all about the bladder, and continents, prolapse for women, and all those sorts of things that occur when you have reconstructive issues that could be like fistulas or diverticulum or other sort of anatomic abnormality. And then as I was in practice, I started seeing a lot of sexual medicine. And we learned enough sexual medicine and residency, but mostly it's focused on men, right? It's a lot of like, how do you get erections to come back? But we don't talk a lot about orgasm. We don't talk a lot of a ejaculation. We don't talk a lot about desire. And that's changing. We're definitely seeing more of it in our curriculum now. But I realized that people really had questions and had a lot of self-consciousness around these issues. And even for them to come to the doctor with such a big step and to talk about it, which is why I started my channel, right? I wanted to be able to educate people, so they felt empowered. Like they were at least able to get some knowledge sitting at home in their bedroom on their couch without having to go to the doctor. And maybe that education would let them feel empowered that they could actually take that step to get help and learn what's normal in their bodies. And what's so interesting is you are a practicing physician, but also an educator. And it sounds like you became an educator because of need. There was a need and a lot of, you know, you had mentioned before, where do we get our sex education? Yeah, and I think I'll share a story. So when I was a resident, I remember, you know, you would learn the surgical techniques, you would not have talked to patients, but you only had so much time with patients, right? And so I remember doing the surgery on a patient. She had bladder cancer. And we did a reconstructive surgery where we made what's called an Indiana pouch. So it's like you reconstruct the the bowel from bladder. And there's a little stoma, or opening on the abdomen that you have to catheterize. And so you had to now empty your bladder through that little hole on your belly with the catheter or tube. And this woman was so sweet, she did great after surgery, but she kept getting read-minute to the hospital and getting her to the ICU. And then we sort of figured out later on that she just didn't know that she had to catheterize herself through her stoma. So I realized at that moment that was at that pivotal moment where I was like, you know what, we can do the perfect surgery. We can do the best job we can. We can give the patient the right medications, but if they don't understand, either the side effect, this is the quailet, how their quality of life is going to change, then we've failed. And so that's sort of where I realized that education was such an important part of it. You know, it's such a huge part and you just don't have the time to spend the time you want with patients one-on-one. And you know, people forget things. Like they don't have it, they can't then revisit that discussion you had because it's over. And so it allows, you know, educating online allows you to have things for people to refer to. How long have you been doing that? Educating online. It's been about five years now. Okay. Yeah. Do you remember the first video you put out? Because like, oh my gosh, I don't know if anyone's going to watch this. And I don't even know if I should put that out there. Yes. I very much remember. And it's funny. You know, now you look at people who have these wonderful production guys. I started with a window. Right. I had my light was a window. I used my cell phone camera. I had horrible audio. And it's still up. You can look it up. But it's like, you know, I'm really sorry. I'm just talking to the camera. And you know, you learn. You sort of figure out what people want to know and what they want to learn about. And that's sort of how I got into talking more about sexual health. I initially started talking about a lot of health. But as I realized, people really wanted to learn about sexual health. That was really important to them. And so I started really making more content for them. But yeah, you sort of, you're like, is this, is this okay? What am I calling something? Am I going to am I going to mess up? And any of you sort of get over that, be it quickly? And by the way, we do mess up. You're a human. All the time. And science is always changing. But that's all part of it. Do you remember your first video? I don't. But I do remember my first moment of actually having to post something. My armpits were sweating. I was just like, what am I doing? This is going to be the worst idea I've ever had. And then I did it anyway. And I realized that I had made a lot of worst decisions than talking about protein or muscle or something else. So I was looking at some of the data. And if these numbers are correct, 40 to 50% of adults women across the lifespan have some kind of sexual dysfunction. That is correct. Now, that's a lot. But that doesn't mean that everyone's bothered by it. So when you look at the data about 40, the most common sexual dysfunction for women is low libido or lack of sexual desire. So 40% of women will report low libido, but only 12% will be bothered by it. And that's still a large number. Not to minimize that at all. But it is very, very common. And unfortunately, until the field of female sexual medicine, which unfortunately is actually pretty young, like when you think about it, when did it start? I don't know. I don't know the exact date. But it wasn't popularized. There was only a few people doing female sexual medicine. There still only a few. Like I went to this year to the International Society for the Study of Women's Sexual Health Meeting. And it's a small meeting. And where's what? Five people there? No, the hundreds. But it's small. It's small compared to other meetings, right? Compared to other society meetings, you're going to see a lot more people. And so I'm glad it's growing. It's definitely growing. And there's definitely a lot more interest in studying women. But there's been this disparity where we've been studying men and erections in sexual function for much longer and more intensively and with more scientific rigor than we have for females. And I think that's really part of the reason why it's such a young field. And that makes a lot of sense. And you know, you had mentioned that the equivalent for a male for a female would be the clitoris. And there's a lot of talk about erectile dysfunction. What would be the equivalent for a woman? So in terms of erectile dysfunction for men, the equivalent would be lack of a rousal for women. So what happens in the man and the female is when you have a rousal, your blood flow increases to the genitals. So for men, their their penaltissue muscles relax, blood flows in and it becomes erect. And that erection then is sustained because the firmness of the erection is preventing blood flow from leaving the penis. The same thing happens to the clitoris. You get increased blood flow to the clitoris. It expands and gets firm and erect just like a male penis does. And so that is sort of the equivalent. Now, I think that lack of arousal and women is pretty understudied. And the reason being is we talk about it in terms of lubrication. And that's one sign of arousal for women absolutely having adequate lubrication. But it's not the only sign, right? It's the sensation of feeling arousal. And any woman you talk to can tell you what that feels like. You feel sort of that tension in the pelvic region. You might feel your nipples become erect. There's sort of a whole cascade of sensations that you're going to have. And so it is lubrication alone, truly an indicator of arousal probably not. And lubrication can vary from person to person, whether it's genetic, whether it's due to hormonal changes. So if you've just had a baby for example, your estrogen is going to be lower. You're going to have less lubrication. Same thing when you're going through men and paws, your estrogen drops and your lubrication lowers. But it doesn't mean that just because you're not well lubricated, you're not feeling desired necessarily, which is very often correlated. So more lubrication, men or women will often correlate that with more desire. And that's not always true. Thank you to bond charge for sponsoring this episode of the show. We live in a crazy environment. And I'm sure that you feel it, whether you're tired or you've got skin problems. I know that it happens to all of us. And that's one reason why I love bond charge. bond charge is a company. It's more of a holistic company that has anything and everything to meet your needs for your environment. For example, I love bond charges red light therapy. You may have seen me use it in my IG stories, but they make an incredible device. I use the red light max device. It's a massive panel. I also use the mini and I've tried a lot of different devices. I sit in front of this and I'm telling you, I feel warm. It gives me red and near infrared light, which typically is in the early mornings at sunrise and or at sunset. Many of us are not outside during that time. It does a number of things for us, like helps with our circadian alignment. helps with our skin. Helps me with sore muscles and a whole host of other things. So if you are someone who feels like you suffer from low energy, maybe you're not recovering. I strongly recommend you add light to your health plan. And bond charge does a fantastic job at this. You can get yours at bondcharge.com slash doctor lion. That's bondcharge.com slash doctor lion. And you will get 15% off. I have a whole host of podcast episodes coming all about the science of light. This episode is brought to you by Timeline Nutrition. Uh, might appear the product that I wish I had developed, but didn't. So I've teamed up with Timeline Nutrition to bring you one of my ultimate favorite products. And that's my dopure. My dopure is a science backed uralithin A. uralithin A sounds like a species of something or other. What it is is a post biotic and 30 to 40% of humans cannot make it. Why is it important? It's important because it's one of the first gut muscle access connection. Might appear helps the muscle and all mitochondria when you take it. You can take it in pill form. You can take it in powder form. I recommend trying the starter kit. They have ginger and berry. I put some in my yogurt. It's amazing. Here's what it does for you. It will improve your potentially your energy, your strength, your endurance. Again, might appear helps with mitochondria. And so name might appear. It helps with the regeneration and cleaning out old mitochondria. And if you remember anything about, I don't know, fifth grade science, mitochondria. They are the power house of the cell. So you have to have good mitochondria to have good energy. And one of the hallmarks of aging is a decline in this mitochondria. So if it sounds like you need more energy, more strength, more endurance and something that tastes great, might appear as a way to go. Go to timelinenutrition.com slash doctor lion. That's timelinenutrition.com slash doctor lion. And you'll get 10% off your first order. I recommend either the starter pack or the pills. Try it. I know that you're going to feel great back to the episode. So there's the arousal piece which sounds like it's more of a physiological response. And then there's the desire piece which sounds like it's more of a cognitive or top-down brain function approach. Would that be fair to say? Absolutely. So desire is exactly what you think it is wanting to have sex. And that is definitely correlated with the brain. And so when we think about medications that we use for low desire, those are all working on brain receptors. They're working on our brains, not on our genitals. Whereas if you're focusing on arousal specifically like for example men who have erectile dysfunction, they're taking medications that increase blood flow to the genitals. They're not doing anything to the brain. That's interesting. And the medication is for men. I'm assuming you're talking about to Dallafill. What about the medications for women? So for low desire? So for low desire, you know low desire is really complex. And I don't want to just jump to medications. Because I think there's really multi-factorial issues that cause low desire. And so yes, we have medications. We'll talk about those. But I think when you're thinking about low desire first, is like what does that mean? Right? What does low desire mean? Are you bothered by the fact that you have low desire? Has it changed? Has it always been stable? And you're like, I just don't feel like that's normal? Like is it just, you know, are you comparing yourself to what you think normal should be? And then, you know, what exactly, you know, desires different. So when we see TV or movies, we see you see your partner, you get turned on, you want to rip off their clothes and have sex. Right? You have desire, then you have arousal. But sometimes it's the opposite. Right? It's what we call responsive desire. So you see your partner, you become intimate with them, you become close, you touch, you're like, not necessarily wanting sex, but you want closeness. And then you're receptive, you're like, oh, I finally feel, I feel that desire. Now, yeah, I'm having sex. I'm really enjoying it. But it wasn't there in the beginning. And that's normal. That's completely normal. And especially in long-term relationships, that's completely normal. So I think a lot of times we think, oh my god, I don't have that desire I used to. But you know, you've been with the partner for a long time, things change in your life, you've got kids, you've got age and parents who've got other, you know, your busier at work, whatever it is, those things will detract from your ability to have desire. That's fascinating in the way that it is. That's very complex. Especially as you transition through life. Have you found things, I guess, from a more, I don't want to say holistic perspective. That's not the right word, but a more integrative perspective that can help women increase their desire because is that as a practicing physician, is that one of the first things that you hear? Yeah. I do they say I have low libido or do they say I just I'm not desire. I just don't want to have sex. Yeah, I just don't want to have sex. And usually it's my partner wants it and I don't. Or sometimes it's like, you know, I used to be really into sex. And now I'm not and I'm wondering what happened. And I missed that, you know. And so what things I tell people's easy stuff is like, first of all, look at your life. Where are your stressors? Right? Because when you think about sex, men look at sex as a stress relief. Right? They're like, oh, I'm going to have sex. I'm going to feel better afterwards. Women are like, this is something I got to do that's going to be like a task. Right? It's another task to do. It's like a chore. And not all women think this, but like you know, that is sort of the way that we women and men perceive sex differently. And so you want to think about how can you reduce stress so you can actually enjoy sex. Like sex is supposed to be fun. It's supposed to be play. It's not supposed to be this like stressful event. Like, oh my god, I got to do this again. Like, it should be something we look forward to. And it's funny because we're talking about it. Um, hey, guys, we're giving you insight for the men for the male listeners. We are giving you insight into the female psyche. Yeah. As, you know, and I'm just curious from your perspective when you started thinking about this and talking about this for you like, whoa, I, this is kind of uncomfortable. Yeah, you know, I think as a neurologist, you know, you pick your field because you're comfortable with it. You know, like I talk a lot about penises and all kinds of things. This is all very true. Yeah. So I think it's different. Like when I talk to people, I think they're more uncomfortable than me. You know, I guess not so much. And it's funny because you know, I, I'm South Asian. We don't talk about sex a lot. It's sort of very taboo. And now I talk about sex very openly. Are your parents like, oh, yeah, she's, she's talking about that thing again. Well, you know, they're very proud of me, which is, which is surprising because, you know, I talk about sex, but they're very proud of me. But then when people come up to them and tell them, oh, I love your daughter. I watch her all the time. They're like, I don't want to know. Like, I don't really want to know. Yeah. And I love it. But yeah, no, I think, um, so back to your question about like, what can you do holistically? So I think one is reduced stress. And so whether that means offloading some of your responsibilities, hiring out or having your partner take up more responsibilities, um, whatever it is that can be helpful. And some of that relies on, you know, figuring out ways to have boundaries, all those sorts of things. And then, you know, sleep is really important. So we know that sleep quality and duration are correlated with our hormones, right? So when you have more, uh, more than seven hours of high quality sleep, you're going to have higher levels of testosterone. testosterone is the hormone of desire, right? So when women have testosterone, the same as men do, but women have actually more testosterone their bodies in estrogen. And so it's really important for both men and women to get good quality sleep. And I think we pride ourselves on like, I'll sleep when I'm dead. And no, like, we need to sleep, right? Um, and so it's kind of a luxury, but it shouldn't be, but again, I mean, we're the only species that actually purposely delay sleep, like, no other animals or anything, go to sleep, right? Like, where the only one's like, oh, I got to stay up and scroll my phone or like get one more thing done or whatever it is, right? Um, and so that's one. Another one is exercise, which you talk about a lot. But we know that exercise increases desire in the long term and in the short term. So if you work out, you're getting increased blood pressure, increased heart rate and your body's getting primed for a rousal. So you're going to have more arousal when you're ready to have in a course with your partner because you've worked out. And so those things are really, really useful in terms of integrating things that you can do every single day. Now diet is for all people important for every aspect of your body and you're an expert on that, but diet is super important. And then the other thing is mindfulness. So there's been actually a lot of high quality data. You can look up Lori Brotto's work on mindfulness and they've looked at women like thousands of women and said, you know, if we implement a mindfulness practice over eight weeks, you find that they improve desire significantly. And the interesting part about it is you've read a lot of studies. You'll know this that a year later, if they contact these women who work part of the study, a year later, without any prompts, they're still doing mindfulness practice because it improves their lives in so many, immutable ways that they've continued it without any input from the study or anything like that. So it's really valuable and something that you can incorporate pretty easily. It takes time, it takes effort, takes dedication, but again, you're investing in yourself. If you want a better sex life, if you want to have that desire, if you want to be able to be in the moment with your partner and enjoy sex, which is going to obviously increase desire when you're having more fun during sex, you're going to want it more. Then you know, you've got to do things to make that happen. What I'm hearing from you say is that sleep is really important. Exercises also really important and mindfulness. Those are very easy things. I was looking at some of the data for nutrition, no surprise. And what I found was it seems like Iron Plays a role, I don't know if you've seen any of the data talking about anemia and potential change in sexual function. Have you seen any of that? I mean, that makes sense. If you're anemic because you're iron deficient, then you're not going to have the energy and you're not going to have the energy for section, not going to have desire for it. Yeah, so I'll just put that out there and we'll link one of the studies that it's available on PubMed. And again, I just thought that that was so interesting. What do you then counsel people? So they've done all of these things. They've said they've come to you and they've said I have low desire or low libido. Would you say, first of all, is there an age range that this seems to happen typically? Yeah, it's more common in women as they're like in like a longer term relationships and sort of in the midlife, right? Because they've got a lot of responsibilities around that time. They've got aging parents. They've got young kids. And so that tends to be the time when the stress level is the highest. And then around menopause, right? Because you have this dramatic change in hormones. And you know, testosterone, as I mentioned, is the hormone for desire, but that decreases resteadily over your lifetime. And so that's also coming down along with estrogen, which will cause a lot of changes in the the quality of your tissues. Yeah, vaginally, which can cause discomfort and pain. And you know, lack of feeling like just not yourself, right? And so I think all those things together play a big role in sexual desire. And this might not be an evidence-based question, but I'm curious as to what your opinion is. When individuals go through menopause, it's different for an aging male. An aging male, their testosterone might not decrease. Maybe their sex hormone binding globular and increases, but testosterone levels can remain stable. For women, there is a clear delineation when a woman has achieved menopause. So yes, there's a decrease in estrogen, decrease in testosterone, decrease in predestinal, and all of these things happen over time. Do you think that there's a biological driver for example, should women then not have sex? So I'm trying to frame this in the right way. So we know that these hormones decrease. There's changes in tissue that happen. Probably not preventable, right? Is there things that we could do or is this going to be inevitable? An inevitable process that happens? And is that kind of the human species saying, okay, well, no more sex? Yeah, so I think, well, first off, can it be preventable? I'm not sure that you can't prevent the change in hormones, but you can prevent the loss of tissue quality by doing a variety of things. So that can, which one increased blood flow to the genitals, right? So the same thing that we talked about exercise and sleep and diet quality, those things will improve blood flow overall. So we know, for example, in men, right? They reduced blood flow to the genitals because of comorbid conditions, like high blood pressure, diabetes, high cholesterol, and all those things. Same thing for women. Although it hasn't been said as rigorously, it's probably exactly the same, right? We're homologs. Our genitals are identical if you look at them, you cut them on an anatomic section. They look the same. And so, you know, preventing those conditions is going to keep good blood flow to the genitals. And we know that at night, women and men are having two messants or women are having erections and women's clearances are getting hard, right? And so that's a sign of good blood flow to the area. And so probably, if you keep yourself healthy, in terms of avoiding those comorbid conditions, you're probably going to have better quality tissues because you're going to get better blood flow. In terms of, like, can you, should you not have sex? No. I mean, I think just like we maintain our bodies in other ways to live a long healthy life, you can maintain your vulvar tissues to have a high quality, good functioning tissue, and continue to have sex in pleasure. Now, does it have an evolutionary purpose? Probably not. Right? You're not having, you're not a children. But that doesn't mean you shouldn't enjoy pleasure because orgasms have really benefits, right? They decrease, they decrease, mood poor mood symptoms. They decrease your blood pressure. They improve your focus. They might help you sleep. Like, there's a lot of benefits to having orgasms and they're natural. Like, you don't need to take a pill. Just go have an orgasm. Where's Rina? She's busy right now. She's improving her mood. Yes. That is fascinating. And I think that from a male perspective, we hear a lot about erectile dysfunction as the first barometer for cardiovascular disease. 40, 40% of men age 40 or so will have some kind of erectile dysfunction. And again, it goes up by decade for women and the clitoris could one say that if you are unable, and I don't know if women know when their clitoris gets erect. But if could that potentially be an early sign of heart disease? Yeah, it could be. But I think it's more about, you know, I don't think we wake up, like, men do with erections. I think sometimes you feel sort of congestion or like a feeling, a tingling, a fullness, a feeling in the pelvic region. And you sort of know your your clitoris is getting erect. And you can, it's sort of the same feeling you're in your house, right? And so, but it's harder, I think, because women don't like wake up and notice an erection. And so they can't sort of monitor if this is changing over time necessarily. But they may notice that they're having, you know, more like difficulty getting arouser than that feeling, that sensation of blood rushing in or that feeling of fullness or tingling or whatever, you know, everyone has their own identifying feeling. But that changes or becomes muted, maybe that's a sign, right? And we don't, we don't have that data, I think yet. But ultimately, I think that, yeah, things are changing in your sex life. You should see it, doctor, even if it's just to get your heart checked. And it would be fair to say, again, you said it's homologous. So the male counterpart from all of these things, whether it's a penaltissue and the clitoris and these feelings of desire arousal are all intertwined. But from a medical perspective, would you say that it is under discussed as an indicator of other potentially comorbid conditions? Absolutely, 100%. I mean, I think, you know, cardiologists know this, urologists know this, some primary care doctors know this. But honestly, they're not, I mean, unless you're specifically saying, hey, go, like, I will actually screen all my patients, right, for cholesterol, diabetes, when they come in with sexual dysfunction, because it's so intertwined, right? And I'll say, you know, go get an EKG from your doctor. Like, these are simple things you can do, maybe, to stress tests. But like, these are things you should do, and this is an indicator in a sign for it. But I don't think everyone is necessarily making that connection. They're sort of like, oh, you have a problem. Let's fix that one problem. They're not thinking about the big picture. And part of that is the way our medical system is run. You know, that you don't have enough time to address every issue that a patient comes in with. And I think one question that would be a normal question that potentially is listeners are thinking about this. Do we know what normal is for, for example, how often should a woman be aroused? How often should she be able to achieve orgasm? Do we have a framework for thinking about what we be considered healthy versus not healthy or a spectrum? Yeah. So there's no specific, like, how often should you have sex? But there is, you know, how often are people we can extrapolate from male data, men are having three to five nocturnal erections at night, right? And so women should be having three to five literal two-messons episodes at night. So we don't have yet the technology to monitor that. But, you know, I know there are some companies working on some at home devices that will be able to do that. So that's sort of interesting. And then in terms of, like, how often should people always want to know? Like, how often should you be having sex? So there's no perfect barometer of that, right? It is as much as you and your partner decide as good for you. But if you want to know the average, the average American probably has sex, who's in a partner relationship once a week. So 52 times a year. If you're, it doesn't sound like very many. Yeah, I mean, I think it's just a average. But when you're, when you're 20, that's about 80 times a year. So maybe twice a week or once a week. And then when you're in your 60s, it's 20 times a year. So maybe twice a month. So it changes over lifetime. And again, there's no right or wrong amount. It's really about you and your partner and wanting, because people's desires different. Right? Some people want sex every day. Some people want every other day. Some people want it once a week. And there's no right or wrong. As long as you and your partner are happy about it, that's some matters. And I think you're probably saves a lot of marriages when you address both parties. You got to talk about it, right? No one taught us how to talk about sex. No one told us like, how do you have a conversation with your partner about, like, what's, well, what's going well? What's not what you want to try? How often should you have sex? And then it leads to this like passive aggressive sort of communication or frustration. And that's never a good thing, right? And I think that we would save a ton of marriages if people just taught other people how to talk about sex. We're doing a great job. So there you go. We talked about the natural ways in which we could approach decreases higher low libido moving from the natural ways of lifestyle. What would be the next step? So a patient comes to you and is like, hey, I have low libido. I am sleeping. It hours and I, I'm exercising. And I'm meditating. Yeah. Okay. So then first of all, I want to make sure that they are not having any other issues. Like it's not painful during sex. We would address that, right? They're not having any other concerns. And on their exam is everything normal, right? So are they having changes of low estrogen that may need to be addressed? Because again, if sometimes you perceive that you're not a rye, because your lubrication is less, there's a big brain connection, right? We've our whole life's been used to like having a certain feeling of arousal and say now the lubrication is not there. You might think you're just, it's not the desire is less because you're you're having less arousal, right? And so addressing those issues. So if you're having symptoms of low estrogen on your volvart issues, using hormones like vaginal estrogen are very, very safe and very, very effective. And it's, you know, there's been a lot of misinformation about estrogen, hormone therapy, but vaginal estrogen is so safe that we're now recommending it for once you've been clear of cancer and you've breast cancer that it's safe to give people. And and it's the amount of estrogen that goes in your bloodstream is so minimal. It's like a drop in the bucket, right? It's nowhere near your premenopausal levels. And so it's so safe. And so using vaginal estrogen either cream, a ring or a suppository can be transformative for people. And I tell, yeah, I tell people you're going to use it from now till the death to you part. Like you never stop, just like you put your face cream on every day. You're going to put your vaginal cream in every day or suppository twice a week, whatever it is. And you're going to use it. And it's going to be it's going to help your tissue stay healthy and vibrant. And all kidding side, I've been reading some recent data that estrogen cream for the volvart issue might also be good for the face. Yes, there is some data. Yeah. And just putting that out there. If anyone's interested in new face cream, probably you should get two different tubes. But for the physicians listening, obviously we're not giving medical advice. But what would you say that the starting dose of estrogen or ester dial cream would be? So one gram, once a day for two weeks, and then twice a week till death to you part. You know, you'd mentioned that testosterone is the hormone of desire. Yeah. Are you compounding or are you seeing individuals, the literature, other of your colleagues, using both estrogen and testosterone cream? Absolutely. So I use it all the time for what we call vestibula dine. So we sometimes see that women during menopause or if they've taken birth control pills or that can change your hormones, that will affect the area called the vestibula, which is the outer opening of the vagina. And that can become sensitive. And so that can cause pain, discomfort with sex. And so when you apply estrogen and testosterone compounded cream to that area twice a day, you can then restore the normal hormonal milieu. And that can make your tissues feel more comfortable unless it's discomfort. And I think that vaginally too, like we, you can use prostrol, which is has similar endogenic and estrogen that affects vaginally. And we see that you can use that for a general urinary syndrome of menopause or pain with sex. And we see that that also works very, very well for these changes in the tissues. So I think ultimately yes, there's absolutely value for that. And then testosterone alone, you can use compounded or you can use the milk, one tenth of the male dose of like androgyl or the gel formulation of testosterone. And you can apply that transdermally for symptoms of low libido off label on your skin or on the vulva. So you can usually put it on your lower on your calf or the back of your inner thigh. And you apply it there and you rub it in. And that is sufficient for getting changing the systemic amount of testosterone, which can, as I mentioned, decreases the over lifetime. And so you can check testosterone levels. And they should be about one tenth of the male, male amount of testosterone. So you just want to check and see if they're low and you can always supplement them and see how the patient does. And there's other benefits outside of libido. Absolutely. Because we believe in testosterone place in my clinic, the benefits are tremendous. Absolutely. Increased skeletal muscle mass. And we're not talking about high doses. We're talking about doses all within range. Yeah. We're just trying to make you normal. We're not trying to make you super physiologic. And I think that's really the key. And there's data on, you know, a whole host of things. Yeah, muscle mass, as you mentioned, brain fog. There's, there's a lot of benefits to testosterone. There's data. And the issue is that, you know, it's very challenging to get these things approved through the FDA and and there have been challenges, particularly with, I mean, some of these medications we're going to talk about for low libido. Getting even them approved. There was like this huge, it was very challenging. And they had to put a lot more money into these medications to get them approved for women than they did for example, so Dana Filler to Dallasville for men. And so there's these challenges. But ultimately, it's very safe when used appropriately when monitored and assessing, making sure your levels don't go too high. That's really all we need to do. You know, you mentioned levels going too high. Do you think, and again, this is just a personal perspective? Do you think that the ranges are appropriate in lab values? So, yeah, I mean, I tend to go by symptoms. And like as long as they're not having adverse side effects, like hair growth, acne, those sorts of things are bothersome to them. And like facial hair, not hair growth on their head. Unfortunately, we all want that. To testosterone placement is not going to make that happen. In fact, it might do the opposite. Well, actually interesting. You bring that up. So I just looked into this. And in fact, testosterone with hair loss is really only explaining the genetic risk right now. So it's not if you're, if your family has a good head of hair and they didn't lose their hair, taking testosterone is probably not going to cause hair loss for you. So that's it. That's yeah, some good news. Very good news for for many people. Thank you to Shopify for sponsoring this episode of the show. Now wait, before you fast forward through this ad, think about it. If you are a small business owner or even a large business owner or someone who wants to make their dreams a reality by selling something to the world, Shopify is your place. It is an online e-commerce site that allows the interface between the owner or the individual who is creating a product and the consumer a seamless transaction, a what we call a point of sale. Why is this important? Because number one, many of us have things that we want to get out to the world. And frankly, we don't know where to start. It seems very overwhelming. Shopify is an amazing way to get your product out to the world. And by the way, if you're a consumer, a guarantee you've been using Shopify. I know one of my best friends has an amazing company called Paper and Planko. I go to that website. I pick a notebook. I'm obsessed with notebooks. I put it into my cart. I check out. And by the way, it's easy, great customer service. And in part, that is due to the ease of Shopify. Shopify, quite frankly, is taking over the e-commerce site and space for both business owners and consumers. You can try your own Shopify account for $8. Go to Shopify.com slash doctor lion. That's right. Shopify.com slash doctor lion and start your trial for $8. Thank you to Apollo Nuro for sponsoring this episode of the show. I have been using the Apollo wearable for quite some time. You might see me and my stories where a tiny little square device, sometimes I wear it on my wrist, sometimes I wear it on my ankle. And here's why I love the Apollo. Number one, it is a tiny little device that sends small vibrations throughout my body. So I put it on my wrist. It almost is like a tiny little tapping and you can adjust the intensity and duration. There are multiple different programs and here's why I think just you try it. It helps regulate your nervous system. There is a lot coming at us, whether it's our phones or demands and the Apollo wearable allows me to almost, I don't know, reset my nervous system. I think that there's a lot of great science behind it. It is a safe, effective non-stimulant, non-medication way to manage your nervous system. It helps with my heart rate variability. It can help me with sleep. It helps people with anxiety. It was created by a psychiatrist with whom I trust Dave would love to have you on the show. It's really amazing. And if you are going to add one thing to your regimen that is non-supplement, I highly recommend that it's this. Go to ApolloNero.com. That's ApolloNero.com. Use the code Dr. Lyon for 15% off. That's Dr. Lyon for 15% off. Now back to the show. So you feel that potentially you go on symptoms, I do as well. I'm not sure how, I think for men, the establishing range of testosterone. They seem to continue to lower what would be considered low testosterone. They don't move the high level of testosterone, whether it's 900 or depending on what lab that you look at. But for women, because I do feel that we're really behind the April in terms of, I think that the evidence would support that. Just studying women. I always wonder, are those ranges for women appropriate? I will tell you a micro-nick. Women seem to feel better on the higher end of free testosterone. And let's see. With free testosterone is we're not, I mean, that's not even in the data. Right? People are saying, like, oh, just use total testosterone, but free testosterone is really what's available to your body. So I think there's a lot, we don't know what the receptors look like. We can't study the receptors. We can't study how sensitive they are to the testosterone we're giving and everyone's a little bit different. That's why I think you and I both look at symptoms. Because as long as you're monitoring symptoms, making sure they're not having adverse effects, checking, you know, their other lab values to make sure there's no adverse effects. You know, that is what safe monitoring is, but ultimately, they're trying to improve your quality life. Absolutely. And I think that the other biomarkers that you're mentioning are hemoglobin hematocrit that you would see with a higher dose of testosterone. Typically, the dose is for women. We don't. I mean, I'm not really seeing any kind of thing. I think with the gel, especially if that's what you're using, you're not going to see much of that versus an injection. I think that that's a really good point depending on how you utilize the cream, whether it's injection or gel, but whether it's sub-q or I am also changes the risk, the potential risk. When it comes to thinking about estrogens, and you'd mention that estrogen is really important for the vaginal tissue. What if a woman overall is young and healthy? What would your step be? Would estrogen be safer? Would testosterone be safer? How do you kind of a risk stratify? What the next step would be whether you're choosing a medication that's not hormonal like adi versus hormonal replacement? Yeah, so I think it depends individually, right? Do they have other symptoms of low estrogen and low testosterone? What are their lab values? What are their tissues look like? Did they just have a baby? Are they lactating? Do they have other systemic diseases that might lower their hormones? Then you can actually check hormones. Whereas, I think less often we're checking in menopause because it's sort of no what's happening, right? But I think in the perimenopausal space, checking laps can be helpful. Then I think in terms of other options, then there are non hormonal options like you can use moisturizers. I think they're just like a bandage. They're good. No, well so there's more stress than there's lubricants. So there's vaginal moisturizers. There's great. There's vaginal moisturizers you can buy over the counter. They're usually made with hyoronic acid. They come as either a cream or a depository and some of these them daily, sometimes every three days. They just moisturize your skin, right? Use hyoronic acid products and your skin. You're doing the same thing vaginally. So they're a bandage. They're going to make things feel better in the interim, but they're not going to like change the tissues, right? So those are available. You can use lubricants during sex. I encourage everyone to use lubricants. I think they make sex more fun. There's multiple different kinds of lubricants. You can get water-based lubricants, silicone-based oil-based water-based or the cheapest and usually you can find ones that are very good for sensitive skin or sensitive tissues. And so those are great, but they do evaporate. So like you need to reapply. So people don't realize that. They use the lubricant and then dries up and they're like, oh, this is hard. Yeah. So there's that. They're silicone-based, which lasts a little bit longer. They're more slippery and they do like, you know, they can stain your sheets a little bit, but you just want to be careful not to use them on silicone-based sex toys. And then oil-based lubricants also last longer. You don't want to use them with a condom because they can degrade condoms, but they also can stain your sheets a little bit with the last longer. And so they come in the coconut oil varieties and other oil-based lubricants. But there's so many different kinds. And I think just finding what works for you is really useful. Are you worried about any of the preservatives or any of the ingredients? So sometimes it's on that tissue that... Yeah, I think glycerin for some people can put you at higher risk for yeast, recurrent yeast infections. So if you find yourself someone who gets yeast infections often avoid that preservative and then generally just try to get ones that have the least amount of ingredients, right? And those are going to be the best options. Rina has a lubricant coming out. Although you should. It would make a lot of sense. Those are the lubricants. You'd mention something I do want to also talk about medications and and those other options, but you mentioned something interesting and I don't want it. I don't want to gloss over it. You'd mention pregnancy and then lactation. And I'm assuming the reason that you mentioned that is because during lactation, pro-lactin is high. Does that affect a woman's ability to get excited or desire why would lactation or potentially pro-lactin affect sex? Yeah, so the high pro-lactin is then decreasing restor dial, right? It's decreasing or estrogen. And so you're having the same sort of symptoms as you would during menopause. You're getting less lubrication. You're getting thinner tissues vaguely, more friable tissues. What we call Volvo vaginal actually, that can happen during lactation. And so the vaginal estrogen or even moisturizers or lubricants can be helpful during that time. That is very good to know. Let's talk about some of the medications and then there's the medications and then I do also have another question about intranasal oxytocin. I don't know if that is utilized for desire or arousal. It's mostly for orgasmic difficulties, right? So you can use if you're having trouble with orgasms, these are sort of things that you can try intranasal oxytocin can be helpful. There's sort of a whole host of things you can try that are all off-label, but ultimately I think first off is when you're talking about orgasm is like, well, is this heavy lost orgasm or have you never had one? And then sort of identifying that you women know, I mean, how many women have never had an orgasm? About 12 percent. 12 percent of the women? Yes, a lot of women. So they've never had an orgasm. And is that because they're not getting adequate stimulation of the clitoris? Is that because they're not getting enough for play? We know that it takes women about 25 minutes for full arousal and to make sex comfortable, right? Because the vagina widens and lengthens during sex, almost double in-sign. Really? I do not know that either. Yes, it almost doubles in size. The cervix moves up and out of the way for some people's cervical, if you're hitting the cervix with the penis, it can be uncomfortable. Some people find it pleasurable, but there is a sort of variation there. And so ultimately, like if you're not letting your body become fully ready, then it's going to be less likely that you're going to have an orgasm or if you're not having stimulation for long enough. So it takes women when they look at data about 12 to 14 minutes to orgasm versus men ejected within five to six minutes. And so if you're not prioritizing female stimulation, they're not going to orgasm. Wow. That definitely seems to be a time difference. Yeah, absolutely. I've been in it's to 14 to 25. Really, really important conversation. Medication. So you've tried everything, people are doing all this stuff. Talk to me about the medications used for yeah. So we talked about off-label testosterone. There are two medications that FDA proved for female, it's pre-approved for pre-menopausal loaders. They're not that it's not going to work in post-menopausal one. It's just that's what they studied in the studies. And so one is called Fulbancerein or ade is the brand name, which you mentioned, that is a pill you take every single night. And it is going to increase desire after about eight to 12 weeks. It takes time. It takes time. So you have to sort of commit to taking it. I tell people three months. Commit to taking it for three months. You take it once a day at night. Why? Night. It makes it sleepy. So it helps you sleep for some people. And so you take it once a night. You want to avoid having more than two drinks of alcohol before taking it, at least within an hour. If you take more than that, skip it that night. And so you take that. And about 60% of women will see an improvement in desire. And it's not going to be like a sudden like, oh my god, this dramatic change is more like, oh, I'm doing the dishes. I know I suddenly feel like I want to have sex or like, or my partner is doing the dishes. Yes. Or I want to have sex or watching something that never used to make me aroused. And I finally feel like, oh, I feel that little tingle, that little excitement. Right. And so that's sort of what you're going to feel with that medication. But I think people tolerate it quite well. And it is somewhat costly sometimes because of insurance. But not too cost-prohibited, I think. And then both of the medications have really great websites where you can get a telemedicine provider and they can help you get the medication. So that's one. The other one is a Vylicy or Brimalanatine. That's a injection injection. Correct. Yeah. Yeah. Injection. It's like a happy pen. So you give it to yourself 45 minutes before you want to have sex. And it causes a significant increase in desire. Both of these medications work on the brain. So they work centrally. They're not working on the genitals. They're working on the brain. The flibancerin is the mixed-sare-tonergic agnist antagonist. And basically what it does is when you think about the brain, right? There's some signals that are pro-sexual and some signals that are inhibitory. So dopamine is positive for sex and serotonin is negative for sex. So we're reducing serotonin increasing dopamine. And so with the Brimalanatine, it's working on the Melanocortin receptors and the brain which then by pathways increased dopamine. And so that is a more of all of a sudden increase in desire. Take a 45 minutes before you want to want it can last for 24 to 48 hours. So I tell people when you take it, like make sure you have a weekend, play with, right? And then there is a high rate of nausea with it. So I often prescribe so front at the same time. Bings. Worse thing going to be as horny and nauseous. Yeah. So it's like, sounds like something pregnant. Yeah. Terrible. So, but it, you know, it works again, probably 60% in people, but when it works, people are happy. Like it works well. Does the nausea go away? Yeah. So usually the, if you, if you have nausea the first time, you're still going to have it, but it'll be a little better. And then if you don't have it, you probably won't get a subsequent injections. And you'd mentioned medications on the flip sides. So things that would potentially decrease individuals desired half sex or orgasm would sounds like would be an SSRI, yes, so anything that's going to increase their tonal endings and increase opioids. Those are negative for certain, you know, anti-sexual or, you know, they inhibit those pathways. And so anything that does that, so increasing serotonous SSRI, anti-xiety meds, oral contraceptives, which we can talk about, can we love to that's my list? So that those can all decrease desire. And oral contraceptives decrease desire, particularly when low estrogen doses of oral contraceptives, we find that they decrease desire because they decrease our amount of free testosterone. Because when oral contraceptives, one of the side effects that increases sex hormone binding, gliblin, which then sort of binds up more of that testosterone, so you have less for your testosterone available. And the issue with oral contraceptives is when you take it, not everyone has this, right? It's when it clarifies there's a lot of people who take oral contraceptives have no problem with desire, so don't want everyone to freak out. No, no, no, no, there's no freeing out. And listen, there's a lot of nuance that goes on with these conversations and just thinking about it. Yeah. We don't have 10 hours to do it. Well, we might. I'm sure we'll do more. Yeah. But for the listener, we're talking in broad generalizations, but trying to give perspective. Exactly. Yeah, so I would say that, but it is serious. So actually to study on orgasmic difficulty in women, we analyzed reddit threads. And one of the big themes that came up was that women did have these issues with oral contraceptives, and they were dismissed by their doctors. So I think it's really important to bring up, but I just don't want to make people really fearful of oral contraceptives because they're a great way to prevent pregnancy, right? And they're effective. But if you ask me, I'd prefer you do some sort of long acting formulations for form for contraception because that's not going to have those side effects of what would be an example. Look at ID, an ID, yeah, or an implant if you want. So I think in terms of that, so then people who do then get off the oral contraceptives, sometimes they're sex homin binding, leveling doesn't go back to normal. And it's the state that way for some time. So that's sort of the bigger issue with that. And we can work around that. It's just that if you're on these medications and you're feeling low desire, this might be the reason. And talking to your doctor and getting off those medications or picking an alternative is very reasonable. And something that's dose dependent for like SSRI. So you can decrease the dose. Often times we'll use bueproprian, which as an alternative to SSRI is for anxiety or depression. And if you can get good clinical success with those medications, then you can get off the SSRIs. And then talk to your primary care doctor about that. But ultimately, you know, that's important. And it's a big cause of low desire. You mentioned the oral contraceptives because they lower testosterone. Is that, is that right? What about medications that individuals use for skin like Spirona lactone to affect testosterone circulating testosterone? Well, that also impact desire. Yeah, it can. It can. Absolutely. So, you know, basically when you could see your doctor, you want to say like, hey, are any of these medications maybe affecting my desire? Like, is that a reason? And, you know, thankfully, we are in the age of Google. So you can Google your medications. I mean, there's, you know, there's benefits and there's negatives, right? We're obviously online because people can search and find quality information. And so, yeah, you can easily find like the potential adverse effects of medication. That is, you know, on reputable websites. And so that's a reasonable thing you can do yourself if you're struggling. I think that that makes a lot of sense. It, you know, I think recently there's been a lot of, not pushback, but a reevaluation of oral contraceptives as, is that the best use. Yes, it prevents pregnancy, but it just seems to have potentially, it has a potential to have longer term side effects that yeah, I think it's hard because that's for some people. All they may have access to, like, they go to plant parenthood, they hide it from their parents. It's all they have access to. And having it on plant pregnancy is not desirable either. Right. And so, and, you know, there's, it's a lot of controversy. There's many people who don't believe this is an issue, but, you know, like I said, people do have normal sex drives on oral contraceptives. So, it's like, how do you find the person? And I think that's where the study should be. Like, how do you find the person that might be more sensitive to an oral contraceptive? Because that's where the question we need to be asking. That's a, a wonderful point. Who knows? I mean, maybe it would be a genetic test. We're probably not even close to, to where anywhere near there. But, you know, I mean, just figuring out, like, maybe, do you do hormone levels before you put them on oral contraceptives? Like, maybe, like, they have some sign, but I don't know, right? I have no idea, but we, we have so many people, like, I wonder if you could do retrospective review of, like, a large database and find some signal, right, that may be correlated. Yeah, it would certainly be interesting and make a ton of sense. The medications like, adding would an individual be able to utilize it if they were on an SSRI. So there's, so there's some issues. You also mentioned in pasting alcohol. I'm curious also about cannabis. Do these substances affect sexual desire? Yes, actual function. So in low amounts, right, alcohol is a set of it, right? So if you're taking alcohol and you're having a lot of it, it's going to be a set of it. It's not going to make you, it's not going to make you wake enough, right, to have sex or have desire. So yes, alcohol can decrease desire. Some people, obviously, we'll say, like, no, I have a drink and I feel more uninhibited and the same thing with cannabis. I feel more uninhibited so I can have more desire. And yes, in small doses, that's probably the case. Now, when you increase the dose of marijuana or cannabis or alcohol, you're going to start seeing negative effects on your libido. And so ultimately, any of those substances and other drugs, right, can affect your other recreational drugs, let me specify, can decrease your libido. And so like, yes, sometimes we'll see young people who are using chronic cannabis. And they're like, yeah, my libido's not there. And it's because, you know, over time, it's giving you more of a depressing effect. And then that's making it less likely for your brain. Your brain pathways are wired either for, you know, for normal risk type of your changing your brain response to things that would normally give you desire. What about, um, over time, do we know that those pathways can be reversed? Unlike, say, for example, sex hormone binding globulin, when you come off of this, it may go back to normal. It may not. What about, you know, we are seeing an increase in use in cannabis across the board. Can those individuals that have been using, revert back to a more stable desire? Yeah, I think you can. And there's a lot of neuroplasticity, right? So I think that you can, but it's going to, you know, maybe take a little bit of sort of like bridging with maybe some pharmacologic substances, some of the medications we tried, maybe mindfulness, maybe other things, you're going to have to work at it a little bit to get back to the way you were. But that doesn't mean you're hopeless. Do we know, is there a dose of alcohol or a dose of cannabis that would affect the body? And by the way, does it affect testosterone levels? Yeah. So in terms of a dose, I don't have a specific dose for you. I mean, we know like chronic alcohol, you don't want to have more than seven drinks a week for alcohol, come on, things. Yes, the math. I mean, there is really no amount that's safe now, we know, but, uh, but for, you know, cardiovascular prevention, but ultimately, um, yeah, I think no, we don't know the exact dose specifically that you, you know, this, this amount is going to cause you to have low to be known as the amount is not. And the same thing with testosterone, like you use any sort of chronic substance, it will reduce your testosterone levels. And particularly, I also want to call it smoking. So smoking is, um, is really bad for our genitals, right? Particularly, I can give you the definition, the, what we see in men is that over time, their tissues become less elastic. So they're going to feel like their penis is shorter because it's not stretching as much when they get erections. And so probably the same thing is happening with our clitoral tissue with our evolved our tissues, the quality of our tissues in general, when you're smoking. So if you want to have a great sex life, quit smoking. Did you guys hear that? And also, I could say that if you want to maintain the size of your penis, you would also stop smoking as that for it is a good work. Yeah, there was something I'm trying to frame this in a way that is deeply professional, which you are much more skilled at because let's face it on the daily, I don't talk about genitalia often. At least I mean public. And you know, I always feel like if, like seriously, if maintaining your penal length is not enough of a, of a, of a strong like suggestion for you to quit smoking, like I'm not sure anything is, right? Because that's something that people deeply care about. And it's smoking not nicotine use because there is also a huge uptick in nicotine, right, Matthew? Just talking about thin over here. That doesn't have an impact. It truly is the, it's the chemicals in the smoke itself that are constantly. I don't mean nicotine has been studied, but my hypothesis would be that it would be just from the actual chemicals in smoking or cigars or, you know, from the smoke itself. Let's talk about protein, specifically first forms natural way protein, formula one. People ask me all the time, what kind of protein powder I use, what kind of protein powder I recommend. Formula one makes many different kinds of protein powders, different flavors. A natural one, you pick it, it mixes amazing. It makes it extremely easy to get your protein in. And really, there, it's a way protein isolate. So you're getting the majority of your calories from protein in the shake. Taste great, super easy to travel with, great breakfast, dinner, maybe even lunch. Whatever you need, it's got you covered and it has all the amino acids necessary. We'll help improve body composition, muscle mass, all the things that protein does. And by the way, when do you need protein? Well, you need it every day. And that's why I love first forms protein powder, the formula one, go to firstform.com slash doctor lion. That's first form dot com slash doctor lion. Have you done your blood work? If you haven't, I've a solution for you. And that is one of the sponsors of the show inside tracker. Why is blood work so important? Well, you know, I use inside tracker. My friends use inside tracker. Also, my parents use inside tracker. Inside tracker makes getting blood work very easy and user friendly. They have an amazing interface. You can check it out on your phone. You can check it out on the desktop, which, you know, hopefully you're using a small one. Inside tracker allows you to look at really important biomarkers, like hormones, iron, thyroid, insulin. The list goes on, apob, it never stops. And by the way, if you are a professional and you have clients inside tracker also has a pro platform, amazing. I really feel that inside tracker has revolutionized health care and listen, blood work can be expensive, but it doesn't have to be. Inside tracker is offering my listeners 10% off, 10% off, anything on the store in the store, anything as it relates to subscriptions, 10% off, go to inside tracker.com, like inside tracking your body, use the code, doctor, lion, and do not wait if you are due for your blood work, give this a shot. It's extremely valuable back to the show. Is there anything else that you want to mention about female dysfunction? Because I do want to chat about men's sexual health in part because we've discussed a lot about women's, but is there anything that you want to mention? Yeah, I think one is I would empower all the women listening to take a mirror and look at their vulva, right? No, they're anatomy. One because you should know what you look like down there. And two, like what if you have an issue down the road, you want to be able to compare it to something. Right? So that's one because people will have skin conditions, right? They'll develop like like in sclerosis. And they won't know. They'll just pick it ages and hurts. And what is like in sclerosis? It's a dermatologic condition. It's usually autoimmune and it changes basically causes the white plaque, plaque like changes in your tissues and it causes, it can even at very severe extremes cause the vaginal opening to close up or get very small. And so essentially, you know, you may not know, you might just like it ages down there hurts. I know you might think having an infection, you might think you have something else going on. You might be going to doctors all the times. I have a UTI. I'm sure I have a UTI. And if they don't see it, they don't know. They don't examine you. I mean, nowadays sometimes when I go in the doctor, not even getting an exam, right? So it's horrible, right? Like how really? Yes. I can't tell you the number of times. I've had women come to me and they'd be like, oh, nobody ever looked. Nobody ever examined me. I haven't had it because they're older, right? They don't even pops me or's anymore. No one's even looked at their Volvo, right? So that's one thing. And two is look at the clitoris and look at the clitoril hood because sometimes women can develop like spagmons underneath the hood. And that is just dead skin oils. And if you have sons or you have had any experience with un-circum-sized men, you sometimes they will develop spagmons, right? Because there's dead skin cells or oils that build up and they usually see that. They clean it off. Women, if we don't look, it could build up and it can cause pain. It can cause difficulty having an orgasm. And it's as simple as just like gently pull it back and see if you can, if you see anything just clean it up, right? And I think that can save a lot of people, people who come to me and are having this look, no one ever told me. No one ever talked about it. We don't know that you should do it like all the time, but like why would you not? Right? Like it's a simple thing to do like in the bathtub or whatever, just gently pull it back and make sure there's nothing building up there. What about cancers? How common are there's a lot of discussion about Pina, Cancer, bladder cancer? What about cancer of the female genitalia? Yeah, I don't know the Sussex because that usually goes to gynecology more than me. But certainly, there are valve-ar cancers. And genital cancers are generally delay and diagnosis because people are either ashamed to scared or they don't see it, right? Like for Pina, Cancer, we know that men show up very delayed because they're scared, right? They're scared and Pina, Cancer is very aggressive. It's very uncommon. So that's great news. But when it does happen, it's often very delayed and because it's so aggressive, it means that you may have to have a very serious intervention. So I just encourage you, if you think something's wrong, please don't delay. And it's scary, right? Thinking you might have a cancer or something horrible, like it inhibits people from going. I know doctors who've waited to want to take care of things and had issues, right? And so you're not alone. This is a normal physiologic. They're normal behavioral thing that people do, but you know, you got to push yourself a little bit. And that is good advice. You shouldn't delay any kind of screening at this point. Absolutely. You know, I was going to switch to men, but I recognize that there's so much on women that we haven't covered, like orgasm, like G-spot, is penetration necessary for an orgasm. All of these things that actually, we should probably take a moment to chat about. Let's talk about it. And then you can come back on and talk about guys. Sure. So with orgasm, let's talk about orgasm. We know that 85 percent of women need some sort of clearer stimulation to have an orgasm. So whether it's by itself or with penetration at the same time, they're usually incorporating some clearer stimulation. Now, there are women who can have vaginal vaginal stimulation. I don't like to call them vaginal orgasms and orgasms and orgasms and it's just from stimulating a different part of the body. And so vaginal orgasms are typically from stimulating what you call the G-spot. It's actually zone. It's called the G-zone. And what is the tissue different? So it's zone. The zone. So in the, basically, two to three centimeters of the upper vagina, right? Of the anterior vagina. So when you are looking at the valve on the urethrasalantop and then the top of the vagina there, two to three centimeters in is where the G-zone is. And that's basically where a few things are. So one is the skin's glands. And these are these glands that are between the urethra and the vagina that have a lot of nerve endings. And they're similar to the male prostate. So you may have heard some men orgasm through prostate massage, not everybody, right? You don't hear about men like meeting prostate massage to orgasm. It's sort of an option, right? Similarly vaginal stimulation. I talk about that. I mean, they don't, but like there are some people who are into that. Right? And so there's a reason for it. There's nerve endings there that can be pleasurable. And then there's also your clitoral body. So what you see of the clitoris is just the head, right? Think about the peanut glands. All you're seeing is the glands, the clitoris. There's a full body that goes deep into the pelvis. And then there's the little legs that go around the vaginal canal. And so that as it gets more to mess in during a, during a rousal and during foreplay, that also is pushing against that area of the vagina. And so when you stimulate that area through either penetration or manually, some women will achieve orgasm that way. And then other ways that women often achieve orgasms through cervical stimulation. So instead of some people find it painful, but some people find it quite pleasurable and they can orgasm through stimulation of the cervix. And so these actually when you look at the anatomy, they all have nerve different nerves, right? That go to this final core and the brain. And so the orgasm quality may be a little different because your brain's getting stimulation from a different nerve. So some people will say like this, the, the, the cervical stimulation gives me like this cosmic feeling, right of of orgasm. And it's a little different. And the G-spot stimulation G zone stimulation is a different type of orgasm. But also maybe they're all orgasms. orgasms being like a build-up of tension in a release, right? And powerful release. And that's very pleasurable. And so ultimately, you know, you, you can, you should experiment with yourself. Figure out what you like. So you can train your partner on what you like. And, and I think the one, the one way we know that sort of there is this discrepancy in terms of women getting adequate stimulation is when you think about first time encounters for sex. Women and men 95% of the time men orgasm, 45% of the time women orgasm. But 90% of first time encounter. Yeah. A man orgasm is 95% of the time. A woman orgasm is 45% of the time. Okay, so then you might say, well, maybe it's just the woman, right? But you look at lesbian first time encounters. And it's 95%. Yeah. So really, it's just understanding probably in part anatomy. Exactly. And communicating, right? And there's another thing, right? We don't feel comfortable communicating during sex, right? So like, you know, move your head this way and move your hand this way or I don't, this is not feeling as good or whatever it is, right? And, and you don't need to be negative, but certainly guiding your partner, giving them instruction whether it's verbal or non-verbal, can be positive, but we don't know how to talk about it. And like, first time encounters, generally speaking, you know, people are nervous that they're usually, you know, they're usually more inhibited. And so they're not going to communicate as well. And that's why actually as women age, one, they've had more experience. And they feel more confident. They also know what they like. And they tend to have better sex. And could an individual who hasn't orgasmed and then they're experimenting with these different, what's just called nerve endings or spots or zones. Once an individual orgasms, do they become better at orgasming? Yeah, I mean, I think you know how to, you know how to stimulate yourself, right? You know how what stimulation needs to happen. And then, you know, also experimenting with different types of stimulation. So whether it's manual or using a vibrator, using temperature, these are also different parts of spinal cord, right? So, you know, kind of playing around with that and figuring out what you need in order to achieve climax. And if you need a vibrator, that's okay. Like you don't need to feel bad about it. Like that's totally reasonable. You're having an orgasm. That's the point. You're enjoying pleasure, right? And so I think that's really what we need to focus on. I'm going to ask a question because I don't know if I have an alternative answer to this question. If someone is thinking, okay, well, where can I learn about that? Where would we send them? Yes, so there's a couple really good online sort of courses. One is called OMG Yes, and one is called beducated. I'm not like paid by either of them. But they, I'm just thrilled that you actually have an answer for this because I'm like, is she going to say that website that I think that we all are thinking about? No, no, no, that's going to say it. I saw your search history math, you know, I'm kidding. Mostly. Anyway. Yeah, so I mean, there are these sort of, and these are like, one of these is actually like created by doctors and like created by, you know, with input from doctors. So these are really great guides and sort of educating yourself on how, what are different ways? You can stimulate yourself if you don't know how. And you know, I don't think I think you're alluding to pornography. And I don't think that is, that is a great educational tool, right? Because that is a production that is entertainment and that is not real life. And unfortunately, a lot of people are learning about sex through pornography, which is not a good thing, right? Because then they go into their encounter and like, why did my body not do that? Why did I not respond like that? Or why did, you know, why did it not last as long? Or why did I not square? Or why did I not? That's a really great perspective. And so, and then they come to like, I see young men, mostly young men who come in and like, I have ED. And it's because they're like so stress and anxious about performance or they're like, it didn't go the way I thought it would that they're now having issues. Because you're brain is super powerful. It's the most important organ for sex. And so ultimately, I don't recommend pornography as an educational tool. I think it's fine for adults to use and use for pleasure and for enjoyment and knowing that it is a fake experience, right? And these people are professional actors and actresses who've chosen to be porn actresses. So they're very good at what they do. And so you don't have to aspire to that to have pleasure or enjoyment. And it doesn't mean that you're having bad sex. I think that's important because that's where I'm assuming everybody goes to get whatever information or visuals or you name it. But now what I'm hearing you say is that you've recognized or the medical community or people recognize that there needs to be a different place to educate. Yeah. And that's pretty amazing. I mean, I think there needs to be more places to educate. And I'm hopeful that, you know, when I'm working on it, hopefully making a sex ed course that's more comprehensive. Kind of all. Because I think that that's really needed. I mean, young people have so much more access to these things than they did when we were younger, right? And that's a problem. Because that's if it's so accessible, first of all, your brain's not fully developed. You don't know what exactly you're seeing. And you can't differentiate real life from fake life necessarily all the time. And then, you know, that's what they're learning. So in fact, I interviewed Debbie Herbeneck, who is a researcher in Indiana. And she does love this research. And she found that choking has become like vanilla sex now. Really? Yeah. Yeah. You and I are way too old for that. But it's because they're seeing a lot of it, right? And like even in mainstream music, you're hearing about choking and it being like a normal thing. And it's actually some people find it pleasurable, but not all, right? And they're not having great communication around it. So it could be dangerous. Let's talk about some embarrassing, potentially embarrassing things for people that would make them feel uncomfortable having sex. Like discharge, like smell, maybe even at STD. What are some of the things that inhibit people from enjoying sex or things that they would potentially be embarrassed to talk to their A partner or be their doctor? Yes. So for women, the number one insecurity is smell, which is what we'll talk about. The second insecurity is body image. So breast size, butt size. And then followed by my experience enough. And and then what about the noises that I'm making, right? So these are all insecurities that people have. And I think the older thing is a real problem because we have a natural normal scent that we should have. And you should know your normal natural scent, that's what you always had, right? If it changes, so you're going to college or your primary care doctor and say, hey, I'm noticing a change, you may have an infection. But the issue is that in society, we've now been told that our scent should be something different, right? It should smell like flowers or key lime pie or peaches or whatever, right? And like people are docing and doing all these things that actually disrupt the vaginal microbiome and are probably causing more harm than good. Like we have a certain scent that's a creeps certain pharaoh mones that is supposed to be pleasant for our partner, right? And so I think this is all really a media thing. Like we felt like there's something like women need to be clean. We don't talk about periods. We don't talk about men's. We don't talk about smells. We don't talk about discharges, but women make discharge every single day and that's normal. Like a teaspoon of discharge up to a tablespoon, you know, in a full day, that's normal. That's normal physiology. And that's okay. Like you shouldn't be ashamed of it. And you know, we're going to make noises during sex. Like sex is like, it's a funny, fun place to be. But things are going to happen. That's normal. Like laugh it off. It's play. Like it's okay. And then you know, in terms of like body and stuff, that takes some time. But I think ultimately, like just realizing like sex doesn't need to be so serious. You know, sex is supposed to be fun. And you're supposed to be having fun doing it. And your partner should be having fun doing it. And if you're not, then that's not the right person for you. Yeah. Then you might need to go back to the matchmaker or find a different way forward. Yeah. Different way forward. What is coming up in the field? Where do you think that we are going? You know, we've covered a lot in this interview. We've talked about low libido, hyposexual, desire disorder, many different things or gazzum, what to do, what your partner should do, things like dishes. Where is a field going? Yeah. I think there's a lot of areas of interest right now. I think one is certainly looking at the the general public pain disorders. If we haven't talked much about, but certainly we're finding more and more links with spinal pathology, like having tarlov cysts or annular tears being correlated with some people who have this chronic pelvic pain or orgasmic difficulty. Wow. And there's very few people that sort of are working on this, but I think that it's pretty fascinating and really interesting. So Irwin Goldstein is sort of the pioneer in this area. And there's very few surgeons who will operate on these things. But ultimately, I think that's an area that's really interesting. And I think that's hopefully going to change a lot of lives once we've got some strong data on that. And when you did, when you mentioned public pain, you're not talking about necessarily pain on sex. Well, it can, so public pain can present in a whole bunch of different ways. We call them dysthesias, right? So it can be pain during sex. It can be just chronic pain. It can be, it can present as like difficulty with orgasm. And these are sort of like, again, they usually are presenting with other symptoms. Like, because they're spinal, so you may have urinary symptoms at the same time. So you'll sort of find and people maybe won't put those together, but you'll be like, oh, they've got sort of a whole bunch of different symptoms that may be they're coming from the spine, right? Rather than being a local, like neurology or something like that. And so I think that's an interesting area where we've not done enough research. And pain in general needs a lot more research. And I think, you know, those people are suffering and they really need good help. What's next for you? What's next for me? You know, for now, I think I just want to keep educating and, like I said, doing the sex, I'd courses something on my bucket list because I think it's so important. But yeah, I mean, I see patients in South Florida and I South, I say it again. I see patients in Southern California and I have a telemedicine practice as well in multiple states, New York New Jersey, Florida, Illinois, Maryland, Virginia. And so seeing patients there, I work at the Veterans Hospital, which I love and we talked about before. And I do my YouTube and podcast, which is still ongoing. Dr. Rina Malick, I'm really, really happy that I have a chance to sit down with you. You're extraordinary. Thank you. Thank you so much for coming on the show. You're welcome.