So what would be the mechanism behind Vitamin D and sound exposure helping with color active cancer? Great question. What do you do? You got some quotes for us? I'll talk again. Okay, yeah, I'll just read the quotes really quick. So here's a quote from study. There's like PMI-Ds. We can link in the show notes of people interested. So it says studies in the past decade indicate that insufficient sound exposure may be responsible for 340,000 deaths in the US. And 480,000 deaths in Europe per year. And an increased incidence of breast cancer, colorectal cancer, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, metabolic syndrome, multiple sclerosis. Alzheimer's disease, autism, asthma, type 1 diabetes, and myopia. I actually thought all those things were due to red meat. Oh, I know, right? That's what you would be glad to think in this culture, right? We also have another quote here, frequent regular sun exposure acts to cause cancers that I have a 0.3% death rate with 2,000 US fatalities per year. This is the SEC and the BCC skin cancers I mentioned. And acts to prevent cancers that have death rates from 20 to 65% with 138,000 US fatalities per year. That's the breast colon and blood cancers primarily. And my understanding is the reason that you're pointing this out is because we've been told a lot to say out of the sun. We do spend a ton of time indoors. I'm curious as to what the numbers are. And potentially that is doing us a tremendous amount of harm. And so then we are told to go outside, put sunscreen in and I can appreciate what you're saying from that perspective that we are not getting enough sunlight. But it's more complicated than that, isn't it? Well, so I would really, as it relates to mechanisms of cancer and sun exposure, I'd like to unpack another part of the story. Maybe briefly to wrap up the vitamin D side of the story. When UVB light hits your skin, it's not only that pre-vitamin D that's made. There's also over a dozen other vitamin D molecules that are made in response to UVB light. So if you're supplementing with vitamin D, you're missing out. You're getting a very narrow spectrum result. But if someone couldn't get outside, let's say they are institutionalized. Or in the hospital, they have to eliminate exposure to sunlight. What could someone do? We'd have to change your light bulbs. What would be an opportunity for change? So I mean, I think this is one reason why this story has not really been popularized because there's a lot of implications as to actually how we're living our lives. How people are being led to think in a certain type of way. And actually an inability to critically think due to a lack of sunlight, which we will talk about very soon. But if you can't get access to sunlight, there are light devices that you can use indoors. So for example, red and infrared light devices, that can re-engineer that red and infrared that long wavelength light back into your indoor life, which is largely not present due to modern light sources. There's also UVB lights available. So Spurty is a brand that makes UVB panels. They also make UVA panels. And we use that actually for skin for eczema, syrisis, it's use for eczema. And then the red light we use bond charge, I'll put a link there for you guys. Yep, yep. So red panels can be great if you're not accessing outdoor light. And you want to re-engineer some of that light back into your indoor life style. You can absolutely do that. The UVB panels are great. I would just recommend that people try to time the use of them at the right time, like, to make it so that it's kind of concordant with when you would have those exposures outside. So if you're going to be having UVB and UVA light, that should probably more around, like solar noon time, like middle of the day, because those receptors, especially like the neuropson, is going to be telling your body, like this is the signal coming in. That means it's mid day. But before you move on from that, you'd mention that there are skin receptors. Does someone need to sit in front of the light naked? Do they have to not work glasses? What, what, what, what should they be doing in for how long? Okay. So really important. By the way, Dr. Alexis said our house, we walked down where, why are you naked in front of the right panel now? That did not actually happen, but it was close. I know right. I mean, I'm trying to wear crop top outside of most of crop tops. Short producers, you guys are in trouble. Right. So for how long and in what kind of capacity? Yes. So there's another really important part of the story that we'd mention. That's also related to UVB light. And that is a molecule that's a pro hormone called pro opium, Melanicortin or Pomsy. So Pomsy is produced in the skin and in the brain in response to UVB light. And Pomsy is cleaved into 10 distinct hormonal products. Three of those are alpha-baden gamma MSH or Melanicite stimulating hormone. So if you're not getting alpha-baden gamma MSH, stimulate it in your skin and in your brain, you're not going to effectively tan in response to UVB light. You're going to burn. So this becomes very clear that if you're wearing contacts, sunglasses or prescription glasses outside, and you're blocking the ability of UVB light to get into your eyes. That doesn't mean stare at the sun. It just means getting ambient light into your eyes. You're not going to effectively stimulate your melanicites to make melanin, which is tanning. Same with your skin. If you're blocking that UVB light with sunscreen, you're not going to be able to generate that melanin. And Melanin is really interesting, actually, because Melanin is to mammals as chlorophyll as to plants, which is something a lot of people don't know, but chlorophyll light comes in. Interacts with chlorophyll can split water molecules into molecular hydrogen, molecular oxygen, and two free electrons. Melanin actually does the same thing. And the papers that show this are quite old. This has been known for quite some time. And so when we're developing melanin in our skin and interacting with sunlight, we're actually able to cultivate more free energy. So it's a way of actually eating by just being outside. It's a way of cultivating and releasing liberating electrons into our system. Same with grounding. What do you mean eating? Do you mean we're just leveraging ATP utilization? ATP utilization is happening because we're not actually eating food per se. Well, I'm glad you're asked because I think it's really important to think about a light diet. And a food diet as being, guys, heard it here first, this is very fringe-esque. Matt, my producer is laughing, but you have to understand before ideas come into the mainstream, they typically come from very intelligent people that are thinking about things that are very well steeped in the literature. So this is what my listeners are experiencing from you. So it's amazing. It will make perfect sense in just about one minute as I said. No, 10 years, you guys will get this in 10 years is along with myself. When you eat food, you're not, you're mitochondria don't see carbohydrates fats and proteins. Mine do. They see electrons. No, no, mine definitely are like this with steak. I know, right? Scram beef steak, salmon, good stuff. But so when you're extracting, when you're breaking down a simulating nutrients, the whole purpose of eating is to extract electrons from macronutrients so that those electrons can enter into the electron transport chain and support ATP production in mitochondria. So anywhere that you get electrons is food technically. So you can get free electrons from eating. So by extracting those electrons from food, that's powering your mitochondria, ATP production. You can also get free electrons from grounding. So getting your bare feet on the earth gives you free electrons from the earth. There's plenty of research to show this. Also to show that grounding reduces inflammatory response and inflammation within the body, which is related to mitochondrial function. We also get free electrons from having sun interacting with melons. So they're all different ways of getting access to electrons. You're mitochondria to access with electrons. They're all equally important and they're all equally accessed within the ancestral environment too. We would always encounter all of those things. We weren't wearing rubber sole shoes outside. We were in contact with the earth. We were getting sun on our skin. If we weren't getting high quality sun on our skin, we were getting cold because that's just how nature works. If you don't have high quality sun in your rounds, you're going to get cold in the winter.