Have you ever thought about male fertility as a man's final frontier? Not just sperm count or testosterone levels, but how modern life is quietly dismantling men's ability to create life, sustain energy and age well? What if everything we thought we knew about male hormones of aging and virility was either outdated or flat wrong? Dr. Larry Lipschult is one of the most respected male reproductive health experts in the world. For decades, he's been on the front lines of anthology, working with Olympic athletes, aging men, and everyday couples struggling to conceive. He doesn't just study testosterone, he wrote the rules for how it is treated. We are making such advances in female fertility and IVF, and we have nobody to take care of the men. So a light bulb went off. Is it true that male fertility is declining? For sure. Today, he breaks down the real cause of male infertility, the decline, have testosterone therapy, impact sperm, and what men can do to reclaim performance and purpose. From shocking truths about how male fertility is tested or often ignored, to why some of the most motivated men in the world are secretly burnt out, hopeless, or misdiagnosed with depression. Dr. Lipschult exposes the blind spots in modern medicine that are quietly ruining men's lives and how we fix it. We talk libido, aging, legacy, and the emotional weight men often carry in silence. Dr. Lerry Lipschult, welcome to the show. Thank you so much. I am very excited to have you on, and I want to tell you why. Why? Right now, well, for many reasons, but right now, when people hear men's health, what they often think about is testosterone. However, what I have learned from you is there's so much more to men's health and you have been an innovator when it comes to many things, whether it's environmental, infertility, erectile dysfunction. But I want to start with infertility, and I want to share a little bit about your background because at the time, I'm not so sure it was even a field male and fertility. Well, the whole thing wasn't a field, but should we go back to when this whole thing started? Yes, so good. So we go back to when I was an intern at the University of Pennsylvania, and I was rotating on OBGYN, and they had grand rounds like all especially. And I was sitting there and they had a lecturer, a PhD from New York, whose basic science research was on sperm. And of course, was OBGYN. It was appropriate. And he started talking of his fascinating things I never even thought about. And at the end, the chairman, who was very early in the IVF world, said, you know, that is such a fascinating lecture. He said, we are making such advances in female fertility and IVF, and we have nobody to take care of the men. So a light bulb one off. Hey, I'm an intern. I'm starting with residency. No one's doing infertility. What a great entree into an area that's been basically untouched. Were you doing a residency? Was it, obviously, yourology at the time? Yes. Yes. So then your PGY1 year was called that internship. And then you went into your lab. But you were already in the residency program. So I was in the urology program. You heard about this male infertility. You thought it was amazing, very interesting, but you were only PGY1. Right. How did you then go on to create arguably the first fellowship? Well, the fellowships, way later. So the thing we had to first create was the area, the focus. I mean, there was zero focus. So in my program, he did PGY1. PGY2 was a research. Was I clinically year? PGY3 went into the lab. So I had one whole year. And I decided I was going to devote that year to learning all I could about male infertility. So there were two urologists in New York who were doing nothing but fixing vericose veins and men's testicles because that was felt to cause infertility overheat the testicle, et cetera. So I went up and spend day with them and realized it was very narrow. I then spent another day with a man in New York who was focused on anti-spirma antibodies which was hot at the time. Is it now? No. But it was then. But the whole idea was I was opening up all these doors, all these boxes of information. I didn't even know existed. So I got back to Penn and this is my research year. And I started setting up a lab to do seamen analysis. They did not have a lab. So my good friend. What year was this? Do you mean ballpark? I'm saying, I mean it's 70s. So a good friend of mine was then the next to the top of the program. And he allowed me to use his nurse one week, one day a week. And I started a clinic. And we would develop, I taught her how to do seamen analyses. So she, as I RN, had the job of doing a seamen analysis. And since I was just fledgling, but yet the only person in the city, I started seeing men with fertility problems as a resident. So you almost had your own clinic. I did have my own clinic. But I had to build everything under my friend because I was a resident. But the point was I started learning as I was seeing these people because each patient I learned something from. And that was the beginning of it. And so by the time I became a chief resident, I did have my own clinic. And I would admit people to the hospital under my friend who was a neurology staff member. And we would operate on these people because no one else knew what to do. It was a great fascinating time. Did you, the landscape was when someone was struggling to get pregnant, it was really they were focused on women. IVF and women. Is that correct? Yes. There were from what I am understanding. No clinics, no specialty focused on men and invirtility. Correct. Wow. And you say, wow, think about how long ago that is. And we're still struggling with getting to see the male patients. It's crazy. By, you know, as IVF has become gigantic and with venture capital and whatever, the move is to get the couples into IVF programs. So I, you know, ostensibly, obviously infernal couples. And to take them through the journey of IVF and if the husband had sperm, any, that couple was with the IVF program until they released the patient to us. Because we did not have the, we don't right now have the control. Now going back to when it all started, the women would go to the gynecologist, the gynecologist would send the man to us. So it was a much different paradigm of how the infertility was approached. I think it was much better because the men got better care. Did you get pushed back? From? Whatever. What were they thinking? Oh, here's Dr. Lipschul. He's kind of crazy. Back then? Yeah. No pushback. Very supportive because all the OBGYNs who were in the field realized there was a need. I mean, they knew there was a need. There still is a need. But the thing that changed was the ability to offer couples for utility care, IE, IVF with very few sperm. Remember, you only need one sperm for each egg that that woman produces. And then in the 90s, it was discovered that you could actually extract sperm from the testicle and use those sperm and inject a sperm into an egg and get a pregnancy. So then the number needed went way down even to zero because we could go in and extract the sperm. How has infertility changed in terms of now versus then? And I'm going to ask this question differently. Is it true that male fertility is declining? For sure. So if you look at the data, I mean, and most of the data for some reason goes from 2000 to 2020 or from 1980. It doesn't go back to 1950, 1960. But even if you just look, 1980 to now, 50% drop. 50% drop in sperm density. And it's not just US. It's Denmark. It's Finland. It's Israel. These studies are like all consistent. It is frightening. Why do you think that is? I mean, I think there's a host of reasons. I mean, people are not taking care of themselves the way they should. There's an increase in obesity, increase the use of illicit drugs. There's, of course, you cannot ignore the environmental factors. Which, you know, all these, you know, there's environmental chemicals. There's plasticides. I mean, there's a chemical. I think it's either a thalate or ethylene development. I don't remember which one that's used to soften up plastics. Then people talk about not using plastic bottles. It leaches out of the plastic bottles. But it's essential to make the plastic bottles. But on the other hand, it can be an estrogen mimic. So you've heard of estrogen mimics. Of course. So that is the problem with a lot of these chemicals is the mimic estrogen, which is counter-productive to sperm production. And I think that's kind of globally what we see. Because when you mention these other countries, the US, we know that we have a massive obesity problem. Denmark and some of these other countries, they seem to be very fit and not necessarily nearly as overweight or sedentary. Right. So we can check off no obesity. But we're left with everything else. We're left with all the estrogen mimics in the environment. They may be worse over there. I mean, I don't know. I don't know anything about what they do culturally. But they may have some habits that are actually not productive for a helping sperm. I don't know. But I mean, there are so many things. Like, remember, sperm are being produced millions and millions a day. And anything that's produced so rapidly is more susceptible to environmental factors, of course, the cells are dividing. It's the same thing with like red blood cells, white blood cells, people getting chemotherapy. You know, and attacks these reproducing rapidly reproducing cells. I mean, that's very fascinating. Then you do remember when you first really thought about environmental factors. Because I remember not even too long ago, people would make fun of that idea. Oh, come on. It's not plastic doesn't create estrogenic activity. Right. I, again, I don't know if you were so exposed to that because you really have had a academic legacy. No, but I'll tell you how it happened. Yeah. It's very interesting. I got contacted in the early 70s because two very large chemical companies were producing a pesticide, a soil fumigate, that they found was sterilizing the workers who were making it in the plant. Sterilizing? Sterilizing is zero sperm. So I went out and to California where it was identified and got involved as an expert for the defense, which were these two or three large companies who were making this. And what we found out was indeed the men on the assembly line who were literally handling it or breathing it by either skin absorption or inhalation were, where they were sterile. And it was a big, a big trial on California, a very exciting because it's a very famous courtroom. Anyway, so obviously the men won, I mean it was all all suit, it was settled. But then going forward, the Plain of Returnies got winded over this, oh well if the guys there are getting exposed, have about the men who were applying it in the fields all over Central America and the banana crops and the pineapple crops because it was a soil fumigate. So then we started these lawsuits, massive lawsuits. And unbelievable, it's still going on today. We are still examining men for a lawsuit from a Central American country. These men are now 60. And they're complaining about inability to have children when you go back to when they were in the reproductive years. Fully sterile? No, they're not. This is the issue. Because they're now pulling these men out who just have a history of, yes, I worked on this banana farm. Yes, I had difficulty having kids. Was I really exposed to something? Were they really exposed because don't forget, you know, a large 2% of the world's population are sterile, male population? Naturally. Naturally. Well, you know, not because of external, whatever, yes, more naturally than something like exposure to a specific pesticide. And when you see sterile, does that mean they still produce sperm? But it's fragmented or something like that? No, I mean, they have no sperm in the ejaculate. Okay. And maybe some of them we can go in and find little pockets of sperm in the testus. But they cannot naturally have a baby. Two percent of the population. Yeah, male population. So here you come up with the positive aspect of IVF. Because now we can go, and some of these men extract sperm from the testicle, give it to the IVF programs they can inject it into the eggs. And they called you? Yes. They called you and they did they say, was the experience? Was it a known entity at the time? Meaning that was one environmental factor in the 70s. Were there others? Well, if there were, I was, I don't think I was involved with any others directly because this was known because it had been demonstrated in the factory workers and the plates of attorneys were gathering these sugar cane workers, banana crop workers to do these class action suits. So there was a tremendous amount of work to be done just on the one chemical. So I don't really think maybe I got involved with the second one, but I don't remember nothing like this. How do you think about that for the modern day? Now we probably have more chemicals. We're trying to make things easier. We have a bigger population that means we're mass producing foods. How do you think about fertility now and just the environmental exposure? Yes, of course it's a pat factor. I just wish that there were more people looking at what's doing it. We go back to our initial discussion. They don't care about the men, you know? Only when the women fail. And only when they present with zero sperm, then they call us. So I just think there's not enough focus on the why, you know, and not enough basic research on the why. It's interesting, but I have a former fellow who is at Stanford, Mike Eisenberg. His whole career since he left me primarily research wise has been devoted to looking at fertility and males as a metric of men's health. I think it's a great idea. But his publications have been groundbreaking. Increase cancer. Increase all types of health issues. Increase mortality in men who have no sperm. Wow. And he could only follow them for, you know, eight years, ten years. But it's really frightening. What do you start when you talk to patients about the infertility problem when it comes to environmental exposure? So someone is coming to you. They're young. They're 30. They can't. The wife checks out. How do you then go about approaching all of the, is it just environment? Is it, what are the, the domains? Well, see you can't because there's no tests. There's no specific tests. I think most important is what does the man do? I mean, you know, if he is a lawyer is unlikely to be overexposed to toxins that are not the same with somebody who, you know, is working in, we have huge chemical plants all around he used it. I see a lot of these guys. Wow. So there's the chemical plants. What about? There's the petroleum plants, you know, because we do, we have so many refineries. But there's no real, no one has really gone into these places and done these type of studies that they did back when we were looking at the chemicals in California. And certainly it should be done. But it's very litiginous, you know, potentially, no one wants to get, I don't think anybody wants to really go there. So how do people protect themselves now? Do you say, don't drink out of water bottles, don't heat plastic? Have you thought about what we need to do? I don't know about it. It's just, onerous. I mean, how do you tell people not drink out of plastic bottles when every time you ask for a bottle of water, are you asked for a water, you get a plastic bottle, right? Yeah. I mean, I don't think we can go back. I'm not sure. I just don't. I mean, do you think we could go back? What are we going to do to all the people who need water? I think it's a really important discussion. You know, we, by the way, I have a clinic. I don't know if you know that. It's also patients. And one of the things that we do is we do environmental testing in their blood and their urine. Right. Well, we're going to have to talk about that because I don't even know where to send it. Yeah. Well, I can certainly help you out. But then the question is, you know, there are things like agent orange. So once it's in the body, what are you going to do? So you're going to try to calculate it. But it becomes very challenging. And then if it's at this level that it's so... We don't even know if that's what's causing the man's fertility. That's right. So we have another whole area that we're just going to look at is changes in their genome. Genetic changes in men. Then may be causing problems with fertility and epigenetic changes. So the fellow who runs our lab also has an NIH grant to look at genetics of infertility. So if I see somebody now who has no sperm or hardly any sperm, we send over a blood sample and he'll do their entire genome. This episode is brought to you by Piori. And thank goodness because let's be honest, most of us think we're doing enough healthy eating. But the truth is we're still falling short, especially when it comes to omega-3 fatty acids. I don't know about you, but I do not eat salmon every day. But omega-3 fatty acids are critical for human health. This is backed by science. It supports heart health, reduce inflammation and improve brain function the list goes on. It might help with mood and depression. Now, when I was in my fellowship omega-3 fatty acids were always on the shortlist of foundational recommendations. And today, I still recommend and use fish oil as one of the supplements that I always take. But I don't use just any. I use ones that are the highest quality. And to me, that is why I trust Piori's O3 ultra-pure fish oil. It's a third-party tested and certified by both the Clean Label Project and IFOS, so that you know what you're putting in your body is safe, pure, and effective. Every single batch is tested for more than 200 contaminants. And Piori publishes all of the results online. That's what I call transparency. I trusted so much that I give it to my kids. And it is important for developing brains. I have teamed up with Piori to get you an amazing offer. That's 20% off, site-wide, even on the already discounted subscriptions, which means you can save nearly one-third off these high quality supplements. Just go to peory.com-slash-doctor-lion and use the code, Dr. Lion at checkout. Gosh. I know, but you get so many blips of abnormalities. It's now like which one's really important. So that's a big job. But look at this whole genome to figure out which of the list of infertility genes that's been published. And I don't think there's 140. So certainly that's the low hanging fruit. Do they have any of those? But it doesn't make sense. If it is true that male infertility is declining by 50%. Since, when since the 80s. I'm looking at the 80s, yeah. I mean, that is drastic and tremendous. But no, no, you have to differentiate between male fertility decreasing. We're talking about seam and quality decreasing, right? It's just numbers of sperm. So, is a man going to have infertility problems if his normally 100 million goes to 50 million? No. So the fact that these counts are dropping by 50%. It does not mean these men are ever going to show up in my office. It's just a metric of their health, right? Which is fascinating. That is fascinating. But it's not necessarily the reason one of the couples sitting in front of me. What percent do you think? And I know you only see men. And this is probably a very difficult question. What percent is the woman typically versus the man? So, and I have, this is like one of my early slides when they give a talk. So the male just by himself, 30% of the time. The woman just by herself, 50% of the time. And another 20% it's both of them. So, half the time the male should be evaluated. And it's not standard of care right now. Is that true? Correct. Is there a amount of time. So someone is listening to this. Are I going to get in a lot of trouble with the gynecologist or say? No, we love our gynecologist. Besides you, we're looking at different things. And also at the end of the day, people want families. Right. And if they have environmental exposures and honestly, I don't know the answer to what to do about it. But it is, you know, I worry about my kids. Yes. But you do. I mean, you do focus on on those type of healthy. But I do. And you measure things. And I think that's what we're working on. But one more can you do other than looking scientifically at what's going on with the individual. Right now, it's important to just gather data and look. But then you think about things in terms of, for example, receipts, transactional receipts. These all have chemicals on them. The amount of exposure that we have is tremendous. And then the other question is, what are we doing to offset that? And I don't, I mean, you have to be really diligent. Is it that you have to sauna? Do you, I mean, you have to get rid of these toxins to the best of ones ability to they have to go to the bathroom and have good digestion. I mean, we have to be able to process it. Right. I think it's a real, it's a real challenge. There's just a, it is. It's a huge challenge. And we're just scratching the surface of what these things are that are unhealthy. Or is the fertility aspect which you define is infertility? What is the definition of infertility? It's a couple, it's a couple related phenomena. It's a couple who have tried for one year to establish a pregnancy with unprotected intercourse and nothing has happened. Or if the woman's over 35, six months. Okay. And I can not tell you how many women I see as, I'm seeing their husbands, the women are there, they're 41, they're 42. And it's tragic because no one is talking to these women about the fact that they've got to think about maybe freezing eggs or if they're professional, something because after 35, it's not like they're 35th birthday, something happens. But there's a gradual decline in a quality and the guy can be borderline. And if his wife is 21, he may never have a problem. If she's 41, they're going to show up. How does someone address sperm quality? For example, what are the things that a man could do to improve their sperm quality? Number one, get tested because if there's nothing wrong, don't worry about it. Number two. What should they be looking for? Who do they go to a yearologist? They go to their primary care doctor. We do not sperm test. So let me tell you what happens. They go to the primary care doctor. He sends them to an IVF program. Neger. The IVF program does his semen analysis. If it's low, the couple are shunted and not saying every IVF, but in general they are shunted into IVF because if you're selling Cadillacs, somebody comes into your showroom, you're not going to sell them before. Or even a Mercedes, you're only going to sell the Cadillac. And that's what happens using our IVF programs as a clearing house for semen quality. What would you like to see happen? I would like to see more patients refer to their neurologist. Don't have to be a specialized neurologist. Any neurologist knows how to get a semen analysis and then how to triage the patient. What it would be safe to say that a woman can go through IVF and that would be not seems like it's really difficult as opposed to a man getting a semen analysis and then treating it from the male perspective. But the thing about it is, and I have to be honest, and that is the IVF program is actually doing something for everybody. In the way. In other words, they can offer the couple, the ability to at least put the sperm into the eggs, get embryos. But we can't treat a lot of the men we see even though we identify the fact that they're not normal. But you know, the message is, if a man is not normal, he's at health risk for other things. So at least get tested. Maybe you're not going to get cured, but you're going to know you have an issue. Because when we do our gene sequencing, we also look for what we call actionable abnormalities. Things that the man, we may pick up, like a predilection to have cancer or a predilection to get diabetes. We pick these up in their gene screening. And then it changes the way that man gets treated in his subsequent years of health. And don't forget, these guys are usually young. So it's better to know early than to know late. Is do you think that that could become a standard practice? No. It's too expensive. But I can tell you, I've seen movements in some cities and some countries to use a cement analysis as a screening tool for a man's health. I mean, that's incredible. And I'm curious. It's painless. You know? I'm happy to be there. I'm here. I don't know. I don't know. I'm sure you can find it from anywhere. But the other question is, you said that sperm are produced very quickly, very often. That would make it sensitive to both environmental exposures also sensitive to positive things, like, like exercise, essentially. Exactly. But if somebody comes to me and I identify a problem and I treat it, we're not going to see an overall new community of sperm for three months. That's how long it takes. I sperm to get from the baby's sperm in the testicle into the ejaculation. So if I think about, there's the good diet nutrition. Do we know does diet and nutrition impact sperm quality? And when you talk about quality, are you talking about how fast it moves? What are the things? I'm talking about its ability to actually penetrate the egg and make a baby. And we do know that oxidative stress is bad. Oxidative increase oxidants in the individual can cause increased breakage in their DNA. DNA fragmentation causes poor fertilization, increased miscarriages. So yes, there are things that you can do. And I'm sure you know how to treat excess oxidants in the individual. Are there yes and are there supplements and things that you think have good evidence? When you sit down with a individual and you say, you know what, I need to improve your sperm quality. Or we need to do that. What are the domains and what are the things that you recommend that have good scientific evidence? So number one, don't get into hot tubs. Really? Right. Yeah. You're looking me like, I should know that. Well, I mean, I don't know if it's fake news or what. No, it's increased heat to the testicle, hurts sperm production. Now, saw us, they're okay. You're not applying it. But hot water, you are applying it. So if I want to try to optimize everything, stay away from direct heat. No hot tubs, no baths. Well, I mean, a warm bath is not going to hurt anything. Take showers, stay clean. But I mean, you know, we know that heat is bad. That's why the testicles are outside the body. Because they're kept at a lower temperature. What about cold plunging? You know, there's no data on it yet. I don't know. I could never do it. I mean, the idea is just what? It's a blast. I know. But everybody's doing it now. I know. But you're not concerned about, well, I mean, I think we need to look at the data. It could be bad. It could be a shock. Right? What are drugs? Drugs, cannabis use alcohol. Bad, bad, bad. Alcohol in my moderation. I don't think is bad. The other stuff we don't have a no effect level. So I would say if you were trying to have a baby, stay away from drugs. Well, stay away anyway. But I mean, it really becomes important when you're trying to have a baby. So you are not a fan of marijuana. It just seems that everybody's using cannabis nowadays. I mean, again, everybody might be a really large statement. But people are always talking about how it's good for this or that. What's a good for? I mean, as I don't know. I mean, from my perspective, I don't recommend it. I think it's a great choice. I'm sure how you're getting it. But I do know that people seem to like it and use it. Right. I actually do not see a lot of people who are using cannabis. You don't. No, I don't think it's a big thing in Houston. And I think maybe it's more bicostal. East coast, West coast. I don't, at least in the patients, I say. I don't see a lot of it. Are they not telling me? But you know, they're usually pretty honest. Do are there certain kind of supplements you recommend? Would it be gluten-thione or vitamin C? Do we have a different thing? They're both good. There are studies showing that the use of antioxidants can improve semen quality. Wow. So I mean, why not? Right? We're not used them. We tried to make one. So we have one called... You did? Are you didn't even bring me any? Not the best one. No, but still. No, but it just consists of a lot of antioxidants. Okay. I think that... And we have one pharmacy that will make it for us. Because a lot of the pharmacies can't make over the counter as well as prescription. They can't do it in the same facility. Do medications depending on the kind of medication, affect sperm? Are there things where you say, okay, if you know like for women, when I think about women, for example, a woman, you don't want a woman on retinolce for pregnancy or accutane. Sorry, accutane things of that nature. Are there? Is thinking about male fertility through the lens of female fertility kind of the same? No. It's not good. I say that flippingly, but I don't really know. I mean, I know that a lot of my guys go on accutane, but they're not the infertility guys. They're the testosterone guys. We're going to get to that. I know it's not your favorite topic. No, it is. I mean, I like it. But you don't have concern about using, I don't know, antidepressant. Well, there's been a lot of data on the nasteride, which blocks the HTA and showing, but not fertility, erectile dysfunction. I just don't see it very often, but men who do experience that post-finasteride syndrome can be devastating. And I do tell my patients, but I honestly, I've never seen it. And we see lots of people. But are the biggest things that you think people are doing that are improving their sport. I guess what I'm asking is, how many I've heard through the grapevine? That you, there are days, you see 70 patients in a day. Is it 70? Maybe. But you know, don't forget, my day goes till 7, 7, 30. Unbelievable. I don't have you been in practice. I'm not going to tell you. And if, I actually know it's the answers, but yes. And if the man is there just for refills, right now, it's kind of like I see them on the way out, because they don't want to wait just to get refills, right, to see me. I don't know. People have been with you for a long time. Do you think that they want to wait? No, so you're right. Some people do, just because they've become friends. Yes. But we see them because I have excellent, excellent help. As you do, I mean, I've got support. I've got a resident, and I've got two fellows. So, you know, and we often have met students. And they're usually seniorish, met students, so they know kind of what they're doing. And that really helps move the pit. Because for me to go in and have, you know, everything's typed, everything's on the computer. We use epic like everybody else, which, by the way, for those of you don't know, is like the system for singing patients. And I type very slowly. So for these people to go in and do all that, I can just go in and fiddle, but I can actually make the decisions regarding. And there. But, and you see the reason I asked you and kind of set you up is that you've seen thousands of patients. And you've seen the landscape change. And I'm curious as to what the people are doing right, that are becoming more fertile versus what they're doing wrong. And I, you know, I do think utilizing things like testosterone, I'm really curious about testosterone use and fertility. And also age, a woman goes through menopause. He is not getting pregnant again. Is that, I mean, that it just doesn't happen. Her equality, her ability to get pregnant is not there. You'll not happen. Right. Does a man go through a period of time where he has a equivalent to menopause? No. I mean, look at, look at unnamed movie stars who in the past couple years, over the age of 70 or 80, have had kids. So the problem is not that they can't have kids. The problem is they have genetic changes as they age in the sperm that can be passed on to the kids. You know, maybe increased autism. So, you know, I think men over the age of 60 have to be very careful. And it's especially bad if their wife's over 40. And there's a risk. So the combination, it would be a risk for increased autism. Increased genetic abnormalities in the offspring. Okay. But still viable sperm. Yes, the embryo. The man does not stop making sperm. He's not wild. Yeah. But, well, you know, survival of the species and, you know, you have a bowl and all the cows. I mean, you know, it's the same thing. The men sperm production goes on. And I think when you mention the woman, that's why it's so important that women think about this and freeze eggs if they're not, if they're going to postpone having kids. It's just men can't, well, you can freeze sperm. Do you recommend it? We don't because, you know, it's not the same thing where they're going to stop. You know, women are going to stop. Are their eggs are going to have increasing genetic abnormalities and they can't change it much earlier than men. When do you, would you say that around 60 is when that sperm quality changes? I think it starts over 50. I think it becomes a significant problem over 60. What about erectile dysfunction and infertility? Right. Do you or those really? It's hard to have a baby if you can't have a child. I know. We're getting very basic here. Yeah. But would that be, so if someone has erectile dysfunction and you would say that's a marker of their health and probably an indicator of sperm quality? No. Okay. Totally unrelated. Great. I think a lot of the time when we see problems with erectile dysfunction, it's blood flow problems. You know, when you look at the actual physiology of the erection and the blood flow problems to the testists are much, much different. Not that there are in some, but totally unrelated to the blood vessels who go to the penis. So we don't really think in this field, we don't think about the two being very closely related, except for the fact that it's very frustrating trying to have a baby if you can't get an erection, which does happen a lot of times just because so much pressure. Hmm. Well, again, you've been doing this for a long time, so they definitely know where to come to you to talk about it. But we don't have to keep emphasizing the long time. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. That's okay. That's okay. What about when an individual uses testosterone? How does that affect testosterone and or other antibiotics? We have antibiotics like, androloin, andabolic agents like, androloin, what about things like, androloin, what about things like, androloin? So number one, what impact does testosterone have on fertility and then the followup would be what about other antibiotic agents? So I think you have to just keep them all together. They're all going to do the same thing. What they do is they turn off the production of FSH and LH from the brain that are essential for sperm production. So yes, it's a problem. And I tell men when I give them testosterone regardless of their age, I tell them, look, this is going to lower your sperm count. Maybe it's going to make it go to zero. So I said we can treat it. And I give them something called HCG, which is LH to take while they're taking testosterone, offered to every man. Because when you take testosterone, you turn off your own production. And when you turn off your lower significantly and when that happens, the testicles get smaller. Now I love gifts and women love gifts. And I'm so grateful for the gift that keeps on giving. And that is one of the sponsors of the show, Cozieroth, hey guys, need some more towels. They make world-class sheets, towels, and PJs. They are the softest that I have ever tried. Cozieroth's bamboo sheets are breathable, temperature regulating and let's say if you're in menopause, not to mention parents. If you are trying to teach your children chores, the more you wash these sheets, the softer they get. Trust me, I've been practicing with my almost six-year-old. They have enhanced fabric, a durable weave fabric that won't pill, and it's guaranteed for 10 years. That's more than I can say for most things. They're also from responsible production. Still on the fence, try Cozieroth, risk free for a hundred nights. Love it, or send it back, no questions asked. Plus, every bedding product comes with again, a 10-year warranty for long lasting comfort. Make sleep a priority. I know that I'm trying to. Is it Cozieroth.com and use my exclusive code, Dr. Lyon, for up to 40% off, Cozieroth's best selling sheets, towels, PJs, and more? That's Cozieroth.com slash Dr. Lyon or use the code, Dr. Lyon. And if you happen to get a post-purchase survey, tell them that I sent you. And a lot of men don't like their testicles shrinking, right? Not a good luck. Not a good luck. Oh, I tell them if they don't want that once a week, give yourself a shot of HCG. It's not expensive. Once a week, as opposed to three times a week. But three times a week if you're trying to get sperm production for just maintaining size for some crazy reason, once a week does it. Because it only lasts for 48 hours. But that single pulse, once a week, does manage to obviate the shrinkage that you get from turning off, get out of tropans. What dose do you typically start? So I usually start 15 international units, sub-Q, once a week. 15 international. 15 hundred. 15 hundred. When did you start utilizing testosterone therapy? So we had a Morgan taller on the podcast. And I mean, it's not right now pretty much testosterone therapy is not off limits. But it seemed like it was for a very long time. Off limits or discurry? I mean, I don't know. I mean, since I've been in the field, it's never been off limits. It's just been cautionary. But did people believe that if you were to offer testosterone that it would give individuals prostate cancer? Yes. But I mean, when I got involved in the field, first of all, the fertility was first. The testosterone and the erectile dysfunction came on later as patients realized that it was all kind of the innermitly related one way or another. So with the testosterone, when I started using it, AAP had already started publishing things like you can take it and you're not going to get prostate cancer. So I'll tell you there is a study that he and I did showing that you could take testosterone if you have prostate cancer and that's not going to get worse. And he and I just happened to be at the same course. And I started mentioning that I have these patients that I'm treating and he said, well, I have these patients that I'm treating. That's a publicit. So that was the publication showing that you could still take testosterone and not hurt your chances of prostate cancer getting worse. That I mean in my mind, that's landmark. Yeah, I mean it was a really important finding. It was kind of serendipitous that we both did it the same time and that we both talked about it at the same time. And that has led to many other publications that are similar. You know, I'm really curious as to what you feel and you know, I'm just kind of a weird question, but you know, I look at my long-time mentor and his name is Dr. Donald Laman, the individuals that listen to this, know him very well and really his contribution. He's had many but his biggest contribution was that determining loose scenes impact, the amount of loose scenes impact on skeletal muscle which really shaped went on to shape how we think about nutrition and muscle mass. And I'm just curious from your perspective as someone who has been very innovative in the field. What do you feel that your base contribution has been? Oh, I don't know. I know. It's a tricky. It's just something I've never thought about. I mean you've been, I mean, I'm sorry. How many fellows have you trained? Over 100. That's not, that's like a side road. I know, again, we're just chatting. Yes, we're just chatting. But I mean, I think I'd have to think about what I think my biggest. I think, and I think you brought up something very interesting. I think my biggest contribution has been my fellowship because we've sent people out there now to all your major academic centers who are now training their people. So it's been kind of like a family building type of thing. So yes, let's go with training other fellows to carry on to kind of the same message. Yeah. I like that. I like that. It's really important paying it forward and you do publish quite a bit and you've published hundreds of papers. But I believe in this is one of the reasons I was so excited to have you on is the way that you think about things and then teaching that to the fellows and really thinking outside the box. You do teach a lot of your fellows about peptides and other anaabolic agents, which I've been a physician for 20, almost 20 years and I think that that is unusual. And what do I think is unusual about it? There is testosterone, which is, you know, really have this legacy. But peptides and other anaabolic agents, I think are very important and I'll start with the anaabolic agents. Things like wind straw, and androloin. But I think we have to preface this discussion with the fact that these are not FDA approved for the most part. Now, out of our is. Now, gelone is FDA approved. Yeah. So we're using some of the things we use are proven to be effective, but they're not proven to be 100% safe. Hence now FDA approved. If that matters to somebody. I mean, to me as long as I am carefully monitoring the patient, you know, you're doing regular bloodshacks, looking at blood pressure, amatic, great, et cetera. I don't care that it's not FDA approved because I'm doing what they would have done had they sent it out for some type of approval. But on the other hand, I think I don't think I don't think it should be used without this. Cavalierly. I agree with you. Yeah. When you do remember when you started using other kind of anaabolic agents and how can we preface this, how can we bring the conversation to a place where we help people understand that anaabolic agents and we can decide whichever ones you would like to talk about, are there are ones that are safe. They are very similar. For example, testosterone. We know pretty much what it's safety side effects. Yeah. And then naturalone FDA approved. We know what it's safety profile is. You're still somewhat of a stigma, even though I think that these agents can be very valuable. I'm going to pass it over to you. But I agree. I agree. I think they're useful. And I think you have to be careful. So historically what happened, I was treating men only with testosterone deficiency, the older man, low testosterone, satisfied the endocrine society and the AUA's criteria of lower than 300 nanogram, but that's the leader around prior to 11 AM and following it by the book. And then I started realizing that you know what a lot of it didn't make sense to me. Why was I not treating a man whose testosterone was 200 in the afternoon if his testosterone was 400 in the morning? He was still low in the afternoon. I don't know how you feel about this. It just didn't make sense to me. I feel the exact same amount. Because if they have classic symptoms of low testosterone and they have an afternoon 200, he should be treated. But that goes against the party line. So whoever is listing has to understand that. That is not mainstream. But I would think it's becoming much more acceptable. And then as I got into that, I think I started attracting people who were fringy in terms of low-t, for instance, athletes who were on testosterone, who wanted other things. My rule is and still is, I'm not going to treat somebody who comes in on testosterone. If they don't have historically a low testosterone and I want to see that lab slip. Because otherwise, I'm acting as a store. Right? I'm selling. And I don't want to be a store for combating pharmacies. So I'm very careful about who I treat. I'm not going to treat people just because they show up. Have you said that the majority of these people that you see who look so healthy and so ripped in the gym will tell you at one point they had low testosterone. And they'll show you the lab slip. So you can't just assume someone is taking something frivolously until you look at their history because they may actually come from a low testosterone background. And when someone comes, they have low testosterone they're treated. And I am curious, you know, I have a former patient of mine. I think he listens to podcast, Brandon, amazing young man. You know, low testosterone, you could see in their 20s. I will come back to the age at which you treat when did you first start seeing other anaerobic agents? Because in the HIV community, they were using, oh, they were using them all. Anabolic agents to prevent death from. Can it be a, an anemia? We're seeing an anemia. Muscle wasting? Yes. They're all being used. So when did you start to use it in practice? Obviously very safely. And how do you administer it now? How long have you been using other anaerobic agents? So I would say I've been using them since I started working with compounding pharmacies. Because the compounding pharmacies were making them. Whereas if I just want to see the S. Walgreens, I would never even have heard of them. And the compounding pharmacies I use are the best. I mean, I've, I've toured them. I'm thoroughly impressed by everything they do. And the thing that you don't realize. And I didn't realize. Empowers probably won. I mean. Empowers. So, but I will get back to that. But anyway, these pharmacies who are compounding have to get their raw material from FDA approved facilities, albeit China and India. So it's not like they're getting a bad drugs from Mexico and then selling them by makes it. It can be the alternative. Yeah, but they're using pharmaceutical grade materials. Or else I wouldn't use these pharmacies. You started using anaerobic agents when compounding became available. So how long ago was that? I mean, I mean, I need to think 20 years. You've been using anaerobic agents. Maybe 15 or 15 or 20. I started with Empower pharmacy shout out to Empower. We've had just, you know, Sean, I'm a huge. He's been on the podcast of Sean Norian. Has he been on? Yes. Yes. So I was, by the way, one, I just want to say that there was the mass media is talking about how they were getting rid of, of Zembeck and all of this stuff in none of us, true. Right. And that is why Sean and I spoke because of it. And again, now you are coming on the podcast, talking about the positives of a company environment. But let me tell you, when I'm that Sean Norian, he had a facility in a strip center. So that's, that was, he could tell you when that was. That's what started me. Actually, the first prescription I ever used from a compounding pharmacy was from him. And through the years, they started adding more as they added more. I used more because they became available. And I don't know whether you've ever toured their facility. But it is mind blowing the sophistication they have there. And the goal is to be at the level of a major, of big farm and company. I mean, we're not talking about a little mom and pop shop. We're talking about really sophisticated manufacturing. And is that what brought your interest in antibiotics? Yes. I think it's a really, there is no one better to have this conversation with, which is why I want to talk to you about it. It is not commonly used in, andrology practices or your all just practices. Not commonly used across the board. And I think that they are life saving and life changing. And you, from my perspective, have been one of the first doctors to use it. Well, I think the one of them, for example, to use it legitimately. Yes. And carefully. I mean, every one of my patients, if they're on any of the, I don't know what you would call them. They're antibiotics, sure. But so is testosterone. I would say the more, what word would be used? And are antibiotics. I mean, they're antibiotics. If it's testosterone. Right. But it's more anthropogenic versus antibiotic. No. They're more cutting edge. I don't know. But the point is, all those people are seen three times a year. And every time, yes, at least, if not four, it's three or four. And they get carefully screened every time. And for the ones that I have any concern for, they go to the cardiologist for a complete checkup before I continue treatment. But is it fair for someone to come in and say, Dr. Lipschults, I've had low testosterone. I can prove to you I've had low testosterone. I have been on testosterone. I feel good. Do they say I'd like to improve my muscle quality? How does one go? And for what reason from testosterone to an agent that is anaerobic, to build muscle versus cutting? Where do you think that it becomes okay and effective? And I'll give you my thoughts too. Yeah, but okay. Safe to use. I'm safe to use if the doctor who's prescribing it understands what he's supposed to be checking. You know, I think if we're giving out the message, it's safe for anybody to write this, these drugs, it's wrong. It's only safe to write them if you understand what you need to be monitoring because they're potentially dangerous because of elevated hematocrit changes and lipids, changes and estrogen. You really got to watch that. So I really have a patient who come and uses the word I want to build muscle. They'll usually say, I'm trying to bulk. You know, bulk, which means they're trying to get bigger for whatever purpose. And you know, everybody has their own reasons and I don't want to get in. I don't want to personally with them try to understand where their mindset is. But I don't have a problem with that if they're doing it judiciously, if they're healthy, but I don't want them taking up the room in my office of patients who are really hypergonatol. So you have to be careful when you get into this area that you don't open the door to patients who really don't need your care. I mean, I want my patients to be serious about their health because you can look great and be terribly diseased inside. Yeah. So my patients have to be really health oriented. And don't you agree? I'm sure you have a question. I do. And I also believe that there should be an equal playing field. For example, if someone could come into my office or your office and say, I want to lose fat, then they should equally be able to come into an office and say, I want to build muscle. And I think there should be quite frankly a significant significantly less stigma around these agents because I think that they are transformative for people if they are used safely. And you know, when we talk about that, there are things like Ann of Ar, which, you know, we personally don't use in the clinic, but I know that it has been after you proved does it. That's right. No. And I don't do it for this reason, but I know a lot of the doctors who treat women do use low dose at a bar. They do. Increasing lean muscle mass. They do. But you don't. Because, again, you know, we could, but there are, you know, it's an oral agent. There can be changes in lipids. And not just lipids, but liver function. Right. I think they're a bad choice. They can never see, maybe one patient who had elevated enzymes from out of our. But it has a bad reputation, but I just don't see it. And the other thing is, you know, I'm not just trying to build muscle mass. I'm also treating the fat. Oh, yeah. I mean, so, you know, we make, we do a lot with the, with the, some of gluteides and tears up a diet to try to get a balance. But, you know, if you want to look better, if you want to get leaner, let's get rid of the fat and not just look at building the muscles. So we try to do it all for these patients. So they don't have to keep going from doctors. You know, absolutely. When, when will a patient and how would you start? But I got to say, I don't like the reputation of being a doctor who can write antibiotics to your rights, because you, you can attract a lot of people. You don't want to your office. Yeah. And that's how you have to be careful. Yeah, I'd be careful. But also, I mean, quite frankly, I would say you do not have that reputation. Right. I mean, you have a, come from an academic background. Well, I think that's what makes it different, right? Because a lot of the things we do, we look at research wise and academically to make sure that what we're doing is not only safe, but innovative and has positive outcomes. So a lot of the, a lot of the patients we see, the data we use to, you know, actually write papers, give abstract. Well, speaking of that, you know, we're publishing a paper on muscle mass and sexual function. I heard that. Yeah. I'm excited about that. I'm going to be presenting it. Where? At the Enderations Society. Oh, good. Yeah. Maybe you'll come to the talk. So if you're in the front row, it'll be very nervous. Yeah, I'll be there. Um, also, you know, you'd mention that you don't like this idea that they would come in and just say, hey, I want to bulk up or build muscle. But I would also argue and I think you agree with this that we have to protect muscle masses. They age. Yeah, I'm sure. And I don't know a better way to do it. Yes, you can do diet and exercise. But from, again, my perspective, and I would love to hear yours, is you, it is nearly impossible to do with an aging individual without some kind. And again, unless they are a monster in the gym and I've always been that it's not that these anaerobic agents are just for aesthetics. That is absolutely not true. You know, it's so interesting you mentioned this because I saw somebody today was like 56. And he was complaining about his inability, even though he works out five days a week, each right to put on muscle. And I'm telling you, it is very difficult for men. Thank you to one of my all-time favorite products, my opinion. Made by Timeline. If all companies operated with such scientific rigor and integrity, the entire supplement landscape would be changed. Why I love and have used mitochondria forever is because I trust their science. I have felt stronger. I have had more endurance since being consistent with mitochondria. mitochondria is a precise dose of the post-biotic urlithin A. It works by promoting an essential cellular cleanup. It clears out dysfunctional mitochondria. It is the only urlithin A supplement on the market clinically proven in human trials to target the effects of age-related cellular decline. Please sign me up. And from my perspective, it is the ultimate in muscle health and whole body health supplement. The current human data supports its benefit from muscle health, strength, endurance, like I mentioned, think about what Dr. Lipchul is saying. The stronger you are, the better. I wish that I'd come up with it myself. Timeline is offering 10% off your order. Go to timeline.com slash lion. That's timeline.com slash lion. Get 10% off or use the code lion. L-Y-O-N. Over 50. I don't know about women. For men over 50, it is very difficult. And speaking as one to put on muscle mass, no matter what you do, it's just really, really hard. And I think you can do what you can't, but you have to judiciously use out of ballicagions. Tell me about that. When you just can't go, crazy like you could when you were 35 because your body, other things going on in your body, you have maybe borderline, diabetes or blood pressure issues. You don't want to take in stuff that's going to retain water and bump up your blood pressure. And that's one of the problems with some of the antibiotics. Can we talk, I know you like to kind of bunch them together, but are you comfortable with us separating a few of those agents, so say me. Timed depends. Well, as your comfort is, what would you say the best choice would be? You've got testosterone on board. What would you or next choice be for a man who wants to bulk? Because you don't see any women? No, well, forst, kidney sons. But if he's already taking testosterone and he has a decent blood level and he's, I would really worry about his diet. I'm not so anxious to add a second agent. I'm telling you. I'm short. Well, how do we know? Problem because the, the guy, and I'm telling these men, go get a trainer, go get someone who has a really good reputation as a trainer, let him work with you or not only your diet. I mean, I don't know your exercise, but also your diet. If you're not eating right, you're not going to build muscle. Right? Yes. I'm preaching to the choir. You know? That's true. But I think that's a big fallacy. I think the over 50 year old male thinks they're going to come and get something magic and there's nothing magic. Ah, I see. Right. I actually, I see that in clinical all the time that people will want testosterone and they believe that testosterone alone. I think we see this in the menopause community where they will go on hormones and they will expect a body composition transformation. That is not going to happen. Right. And in the man, they're going to make it, they think. And I don't think it's, I think it's generally thought. Like testosterone builds muscle. Wrong. You've got to do something. It's a building block. You've got to do something to make the wall, build the ability blocks. Or else, you're going to, you can't take a shot of testosterone, sit on the couch and watch TV. Nothing's going to happen. No, increase in lean mass. I don't think so. Do you? I mean, I don't think so. And it may be different with men and women. But I don't think guys get a whole lot of positivity, except now let me change that. If we're talking about libido, if we're talking about a sense of health, yes, but not muscle mass. I think muscle mass requires exercise. Yes, I would agree with that. What would you, so an answer to your question before I jumped to a second agent, I would want that individual to absolutely prove to me that he's doing everything you can to optimize his diet and his exercise. And then if still nothing's happened, then maybe add Deca, which is natural. Natural, natural, natural, natural, natural, natural. Landryl, I'm decano eight because it's going to get those muscle fibers pumped up a little bit. I would also want them to do testosterone,cipient eight and not an antate because I think thecipient eight holds a tiny bit of water. It does give you that fullness that these people are looking for. That is a positive reinforcement when they work out. I like that. Even if they're over 65 because typically we change our patients to an antate if they're older. I know. And it's probably smart, but depending what the patient wants, it's not going to give him, I don't think, as big of a change physically ascipient eight does. And if you look at the FDA, the FDA has approved testosterone and nantate at 0.5 in the Zia-stead injectable self-contained agent so that we know they are think that and it's been proven to be safe and doesn't have age limit. Well, it could be 65. So you're talking about the injection. You're talking about the auto injector people. They don't recognize that there is an auto injector of testosterone for those people that don't like to do intermuscular. And you never see the needle. Yeah. And you don't even press a plunger because the pressure of putting it against your abdomen releases the needle. It's just wow. Yeah. That's amazing. It is. And it's not for women. It's from what I understand the doses. Well, it's 0.5. It always comes less. Interesting. Yes, you can get 0.25. Okay. We'll have to look at that. And someone comes in, do you have a starting dose of testosterone? And I don't want to ask questions that anyone could look up. And I also don't want to give information that someone's going to write down and go back and do it. And they have a problem here. Well, Dr. Lipsle said that was interesting. So anyone listening to this? There are disclaimers everywhere. We are not giving medical advice. We are simply giving education. Okay. Just say no. We're not. People should not be taking this. People should be learning and thinking about how some of the best. And I hope what we say creates questions in people's minds as well as knowledge. You know? Mm-hmm. The, again, that's one of the things that I really respect about you is I think that you are always learning. You frankly, probably don't have to be in practice. Many, you could be like golfing or something. But you're out there still contributing. I don't know if I like that statement. I'm sorry. But it's true. We're already BFFs. You love how I decorated that piece. I mean, that's it. You're stuck to me. I know. The animal agents, you start with Deca. My understanding that it's 50%. The use, so Testosterone is, for example, 200. Now Dr. Lung would be 100. That's mine. That's how I do it. I always, I learned well. I always have the Deca for the Testosterone. Is there any evidence? No. That's not. That's not. Well, the evidence is there's a, there's a, people have, for a long time said that the use of Nandrolone, Deca no wait, can cause erectile dysfunction. And I think it's the way it's metabolized and interferes with your DHT. So what I like to do is to keep it lower than the Testosterone to try to safeguard against any effects like that. And I've never had a patient complaining of ED on Deca ever. How is it metabolized differently than Testosterone? It's because I think the molecule, and I am not good at this. But the way that molecule is constructed is very, because it has a side chain, then makes it act differently and makes it degraded differently. And it somehow interferes with DHT, which is important for sexual production. Function. So it doesn't increase DHT, it lowers DHT. That's what, I don't know. It's, it's fascinating. What do you, what do you, so we see, what I use your formula, when we use 50% if not lower, I might even start lower. Yeah. I do not have patients that come in with a rectal dysfunction from that nor have I ever had a patient. No. That has it. But you will hear in sport performance realms that they, I don't even want to say it, what it's called. I know. I don't. Because we don't do jokes like that. But you know what I mean. It seems to, if used to high of a dose, it can cause a rectal dysfunction. Right. See, I mean, if the theory is, it causes too high DHT, I don't understand. Yeah, I don't know. It would make sense. Yeah. So we need to, we need to fact track that. Do you have your people? Yes. They could, hey guys, if anyone wants to drop that to me, go ahead and look that up. So the question is, does Nandrolone increase or decrease DHT? Exactly. And what would be the potential cause of rectal dysfunction? You mean, uniquely related to a rectal dysfunction? Yeah, I think it's really fascinating. I'd like to tell you all the bodybuilders in the gym now. Right. I know. We don't know. What would you be comfortable with for a dose? So if someone is thinking, I, you know. I think it's, to me, my dosing is very age-related. I'm not going to give somebody 60, the same dose I'm going to give somebody 30. But with every reason? I just, I just don't want to deal with the potential side effects in an older man. Of a lot of water. Especially water. Water, that's mainly water retention, blood pressure changes. What about effective lipids? You know, I was talking to Nelson Virgil and he was discussing, he was looking at, I mean, this guy, he has all of the papers. I know you know, I know. I know. Just wonderful. But it seems to not affect lipids in a negative way. Is that true? Which you see in Nandrolone? I don't know. But I can tell you for sure, men on steroids have lower HDL and higher LDLs. I want to speak to the lipid specialists. They can't tell me why, but I know it. And I, you know, I used to, well, maybe it's because they don't do enough cardio. Maybe because they don't take, you know, fish oil. There's something about the compounds that somehow interfere with cholesterol metabolism. Do you have concerns about that? If you see that, do you? Yeah, I don't tell them, I don't take them off. I said, look, I want you to increase your cardio, which a lot of them don't want to do. And I want you to start taking, I like CriLoil because it doesn't give a fishy after taste. And I think it's more potent than fish oil. So that's what I like. And I tell them to get it and start it. The, and do you see the improved? I do see it improved. I don't always see it go to where I wanted to go. But I've seen it in single digits. Really? Single digits? Single digits. And the HGL of nine. Oh, yes. Okay. Why are we talking about this? Because both Dr. Lipschulton, I, you know, with very careful monitoring, use very safe doses of testosterone and various agents. And we monitor the agent's and there's an indication for use. You know, I believe these agents can be used for sarcopenea. And they can be all you safely. How do you rectify that? Do you find, those men, I have to, I have to decrease doses. Right. Do you find that it changes? Yes. It's only going to change for the positive. The thing that I can't control. And I'm sure you know this well. There are a lot of boutique drugs out there that I can't even tell you the names of that primarily animal steroids that that these men are. Without a trombone or something like that. Yeah. Well, I don't know trombone, but I don't know, equi, equi, and maybe, master own. But I can't control what they take and I can't control the doses. But there's a philosophy amongst people who are trying to change their physique that if a little is good, a lot is great. And I have no idea what they're taking. I tell them, hey, look, you got to tell me what you're taking or I can't take area because you know, I can't be giving you something when you're taking, you know, pounds of something else. But that's where I think the problem is because the people who I think come in with these outrageously abnormal age deals and LDLs are on a lot of things that we cannot control. Hmm. The, I don't think you would see it in women as much. I think they're fair. I mean, I, you know, frankly, I don't see really bodybuilding women and I don't see them using all kinds of things. But what I will say is that, you know, the men that I have seen and I used to have more bodybuilders who don't really sell much in the practice. But what I saw was that they would be taking very, you know, before they were patients really high doses of testosterone. And when I say, hi, let me qualify that anywhere between three and six hundred a week. Oh, no, that's low. I would, they're taking a gram. I mean, it is crazy. And the question becomes when an individual, this is amazing because nobody else sees patients that have been on that train. And when I say, no, but I mean, you are probably one of the only doctor, I mean, these guys are not going to the doctor. Yes. I mean, I don't see patients that are doing that. And they've been on, let's just, let's pick a moderate number. Let's say we're doing three and six hundred. Which by the way, you and I would never prescribe that. Potentially, I don't know. But I would never. If they were taking 600 milligrams of testosterone a week. If they said, Dr. Lipshelts, I need you to take over my care. You measure their blood levels in a trot. They, I don't know, are not. They have all the signs and symptoms of low testosterone. Would they then feel okay, could you go from six hundred for years? And then now say, well, we're not going to go over 200. Will they still have the same effect? So what do you do? I mean, we, we compromise. I mean, so we have to go back to my basic philosophy, which should not be used by other people to do this. They hear me. Yes. And that is, I don't care that much. What their serum testosterone is. I'm treating their symptoms. And I'm not talking about muscle mass. I'm not talking about symptoms fatigue. I can't sleep. You know, I'm not building any muscle mass. I have no sex drive. It may take more than 200. It may take 400. I'm treating the patient. I'm looking at the side effects. But I'm not focused on their blood levels. I am for the things that can hurt them, for their hematic rate, for their estrogen, for their lipids. I'm not focused on their serum testosterone. I don't. That's what I think that's unfair. But also, I'm concerned. Everybody's different. Being in it. And everybody's receptors have different sensitivity. Maybe this man has a very poor, andren receptor sensitivity. And he can't utilize his testosterone as well as the guy sitting next to him. We just don't know. We do measure anders in receptors now. Is that the category piece? Yes, the age of repeats. And I think that's going, if we did it on a regular basis, which we don't, we should. Because it would help us guide dosing. Right? I think it would be really helpful because right now, the standard of care is pretty much you have to keep testosterone within 300 as low. You have to keep, is there a number that you would feel comfortable? I mean, the lab value, if it's over 1200, you know, of total testosterone, you are now outside the normal range. Right. Free testosterone, depending on the lab, I don't know, could go where would you save that? Well, I mean, I would say testosterone. But whatever my lab's range of normies, I don't care. But I think the thing to realize is that these values about keeping it in with this range are so arbitrary. What do we do? How do we close the gap between what is being done for people now? And the gaps in care potential. And here's what I mean, as I know, that's where you're going. Yeah. See, we're like, we're, we're, we're, we're on the same way. Yeah. That an individual for all, in terms of purposes is symptomatic on low testosterone. They have symptoms of low testosterone. Exactly. However, classic symptoms, which are fatigue, low libido, low energy. Difficultly sleeping. Difficultly sleeping. Mental fogging. Keep going. What else you got for me? muscle loss. muscle loss. What do you got? Hair loss on their legs. Is that one? But I know with guys. All right. Okay. Well, anyway, you, as are any other major symptoms? Not that I can. Okay. But their total testosterone is 700. Yes. And their free testosterone is, I don't know, we'll just say it's, what's a good number. 250, I don't know. I don't measure free unless the individual is, be the borderline. And their symptoms are out of line with his total. But for, the, the, the, the, the, the, the possibility of this, this conversation. Right. It's normal. You're saying it's free as it's normal or high. Okay. But they feel like crap. Exactly. And you and I both know that maybe their, their anti-undergent receptor density, they are someone who has wavy low endrugine receptors. Right. Let me, let me throw out something else, has a possibility. What if sleepa, me, they're not sleeping. So they have fatigue. They can't put on muscle. They feel like crap. They don't have sex dry. Get a sleep study. We do a tremendous amount of sleep studies on my patients. I actually, have been using honey for about a year, But not just any honey, and this episode is brought to you by the honey that I use, which is Manikura. When I've had a long or taxing day, which feels like every day, and I need some extra fuel, I turn to Manikura. I think of Manuka Honey as a functional carbohydrate. It's not just sugar. It's packed with prebiotics and antioxidants that support digestive health and your immune system. So it's serving a dual purpose. Not just adding empty carbs and one of my favorite ways to enjoy it is with apples, with my family, and of course peanut butter. We use this incredible honey in teas, especially when someone has a sore throat because of its powerful medicinal properties. Honestly, we use it anytime we need a natural sweetener. You can check out their website to learn more, head to Manikura.com slash doctor lion to get $25 off the starter kit, which comes with an MGO 850 plus Manuka Honey jar, 5 honey travel sticks, a wooden spoon and a guidebook. You guys will absolutely love this incredible honey. Okay. I don't think a man's symptoms with a normal testosterone makes it my responsibility to figure out why he's not responding, but rather what else is going on, what's his thyroid doing in a less. But let's see all that's perfect. And if we zone it. Are you creating an impossible situation? No, because we have cases, we do. And I, because I don't measure cataropedes, I personally don't feel comfortable going outside of the limits. But I would send them for a sleep study. We send all our patients to sleep. Take up stuff. Yeah. And or this would be a case of an individual that has poor androgen receptor density. And the point I'm making is that how do we manage that? And you know, because we have very clear guidelines. This is the testosterone that you can treat 300. This would be considered high testosterone. This would be considered elevated hemoglobin, hematocrit. You send them for blood drop, but they don't feel good getting 200, 250 milligrams of testosterone. Everything else checked out because that is someone. Did they feel good getting 400 milligrams? Probably good. Let's do it. Let's say they do it. I would not bother me. It would not bother you. But for everybody, every other physician who was not, I'm not saying that you've been in the game long, OG, but I'm sorry. Well, I did it out. But how was precosis? But how do we, how do we rectify that? We don't. I mean, we come to grips with the fact that everybody's level of normal is not the same. That some people require more. And that as long as they don't have any side effects that are concerning, why not go higher? Why not follow them closely? Let's see, this is a bad message to people who are watching the podcast. No, it's not. But I think it is. It's a conversation in here's why. Is that there is more to this story than just the testosterone given at X, Y, and Z is what it should be. And it's not the message. I think this is a really important conversation because I think the science can evolve. And I also think that we've been boxed into a corner by existing guidelines. And I really do. And I don't think the guidelines are based on taking care of patients. They are based on avoiding problems. There's a big difference. You have patient safety, but you also have patient care. And what is your, if your patient is suffering, and you can make them better. No, safely. Why not you make them better? No, I know. And I feel this way about the use of these and to be clear, the conversation is, my intention was to talk to you about things that nobody else would see, have answers to. Or talk about, or talk about what they're fear of getting in trouble. Right. But every, I mean, these are your unique gifts and skills that I think, again, that this is the whole goal. But I think it's what I have is an evolving philosophy on care, temperate by what works in patients and the lack of serious side effects. That's how I got to where I got. I think it is extraordinary. And I think it's important. And the message isn't, okay, take a whole bunch of steroids. That's not it. It's understanding that perhaps we are not where we need to be in the realm of understanding hormonal placement. And this is beyond hormonal placement. Right. And the other thing I want to bring up before I forget, perhaps this individual would be do better with micro dosing. Tell me about that. So I just see fewer side effects. Let's say I'm going to prescribe one CC. That's 200 milligrams. What if you take that 200 milligrams and divide it by seven? And I have that patient inject whatever them some, 0.15. Subcute, daily. I don't see that as much rise in hematicrit. And it don't see as much change in lipid. But there's this critical mass when these oil-based drugs can't be injected every day because you get too many blebs. So you have to keep the dose low. What I'm hearing you say is that if you dose, would you say how many days a week? It depends on what everything, five days, seven days, three days, whatever they want to try. I couldn't do it seven days a week. I think three days is reasonable, maybe five. Do you prefer the subcute dosing as opposed to I am? No, I don't prefer it. I think it's an alternative, it's patient choice. But if someone does a I am injection, they have more, there's a bump in hemoglobin hematicrit because there's a greater response for it. There's a big peak. Right. So if the individual comes back and says, you know, at one CC and we see this with elevated hematicrit, try subcute because you may not have to deal with it. And again, it's an individual response. That's that is fascinating. I typically, you know, I would just have them go donate as opposed to, which is, you know, perhaps in your chain of both. Well, no, I mean, I don't, number one, how is the science on elevated hemoglobin hematicrit causing an issue? I mean, if it's, do you think the science is there? Probably. If it really is an issue. So I keep all my patients, I try under 50% hematicrit. Everybody we see, we send in at the first visit. I donate a slip to Gulf Coast, blood bank and tell the patient if it gets above 50% they've got to donate. But we see them regularly. So we know when they need to go. And the other thing is because elevated hematicrit has symptoms. The patients start feeling fatigue and they feel draggy and they get headaches. So, you know, you gotta keep them. Now, if you speak to the hematologist, they say 54%. We like them under 50 just to be safe. And I know you don't treat women, but I will say there's no guidelines for females that are on testosterone and their hemoglobin hematicrit for them that would be higher would be different. Right. You know, I would, I mean, you know, I think it's safe to use the same guidelines. That is certainly what I hear. The other agents, do you want to talk about them? Because you also, when I say agents, you know, you are a scientist. I have to be very particular. You almost feel like I'm talking to my mentor of 20 years. He's very particular. He's like, what do you mean, what exactly? I mean, you will call me out as a matter. We can be on stage and he's busing my job. Right. Right. Right. Um, other agents, we can continue on the anniversary discussion. Um, if you would like because that is unusual, how you see individuals do sit if you have interest or we could talk about peptides. I would rather go to peptides. Okay. But I will give an intro that I don't know as much about peptides as I want to know. I have not used them that long. And I have not used a lot of the different ones as long. So let's read, I would rather in in depth revisit peptides in a year, only because but having saying that, I don't want people listening to think it's something to be avoided. I mean, I think they are potentially great additions to. Do you think they are? Family males regiments. What? Do you think they were? Yes. Well, I mean, listen, I was at, I don't know if you know this, but I go to the, um, what is the bark meeting? Yeah. I, I see you there. I know I'm joking. Of course. Like tacos or something. Right. So it's the, um, what is the stamp for the bealer? What's the other, um, anti-genology, uh, research group? Yes. Consortium. Yes. Consortium. I, I attend that. We don't talk about this at the end. Yeah, we did. We did. No. One of the fellows presented a paper and it was looking at you guys. We're talking about the data of the collected data of peptides. And if it was effective on testosterone to remember that, you know, back and you looked at the big data set and you did group all you guys grouped all the peptides together and basically you didn't find an increase in testosterone. It's, I mean, I never thought it would increase testosterone. Okay. But do you think that there are peptides that work? For example, mk677. So interesting enough. The m stands for Merck. Really? I didn't know that. It was, it was being developed at Merck. Uh, synchronic, simultaneously with cellobrex. They both came to fruition about the same time. Merck went with cellobrex, shelved mk677. My friend was the one that discovered it while he was there. And he discovered it by looking at whatever the ligand is that is useful for it. But it never came to market. Not never. Can you tell us a little bit about mk677? Seven. I can give you. You can be what? A little bit of my experience, but it's much less interesting to remember. Give me your experience. Mk677. I believe it's a growl, a growl in agonist. Makes people extremely hungry. Yes. It causes a significant amount of water retention. Yeah. And when I say a significant amount. Well, not in that. I mean, maybe women, more so. 10, maybe 10 pounds. We don't really see it. I never see it. We use it a lot for a women. If I ever see 10 pounds. And the reason individuals use it is they want to put on weight. Yeah. I couldn't tell you the mechanism of action. Growl in. Oh, that's right. A button beyond that if there was some other. I think that's the main thing. So you just eat more and you're just more hungry? Yes. Yeah. So that's pretty much it. But it doesn't uniquely put on skeletal muscle. No, you have to. Well, I mean, it's just like any other substance we've talked about. If you take it and don't do anything, it doesn't matter. It doesn't make any difference. But if you're trying to put on size. And you just, some guys just can't eat. And some guys are so ecumenophic that you see them when they're walking the door. I think it helps. And it also helps because we take it at bedtime. They sleep better. And they wake up the next day hungry. And then if it doesn't last all day, I'll give them a second dose early afternoon. What else do you use? What other peptides? BPC 157. The patients love it. They do. It's an anti-inflammatory. It's not available as injectable and oral. And the oral apparently, I haven't used it. It is really good for people who have bowel issues. Yeah. And inflammatory bowel issues. But the injectables to a man they swear by it. Do you think it's placebo? No. I don't because they can confidently say that it's an off-licy bowel. Yes. And they can also. They can also inject it. If they're elbow and the fatty tissue near the joint and massage it in, and they get a local response as well. And you feel like they're a great thing. I sound like a snake oil sales. No, we actually covered BPC 157 here. It'd be great to see some data about it. We've used it actually for inkling the clinic for 10 years, for a lot of the military operators. I just don't, from my perspective. Well, if you used it, it may have must have worked. I mean, I don't use it so much anymore. People ask me about it all the time. But again, as physicians, we get really interested in certain things. And potentially, we move to other things. What about an individual that has been on to what's I call it? I didn't say it. It's not a therapy. But not replacing therapy. What are you not replacing anything? Are you? Okay. No. That's not true. What do you mean? What are you replacing? Testosterone. But you haven't lost it. You're not making it, maybe. And the whole thing came from HRT. Right? Mm-hmm. Yeah. So, remember when Susan Summers and all the business about hormone replacement therapy in HRT, and it has to be bio-adentical. And women were taking Premoran and it was horse made from horse. As urine. Yeah, that was great. Yeah, yeah. Switch. Now they're using bio-adentical for testosterone, for estrogen replacement. Because they don't have any estrogen. They're menopausal women. You know, what that is a really good point. Nobody has a testosterone of zero. Right. That's my line. I mean, that's okay. The call it replacement. You're inferring that they don't have any. That's actually very smart. So you call it testosterone. Now, and I mean, it takes me. I got the word testosterone therapy from a Morgan teller. But I still think he does T.R. Cest T.R.T. But at the time, we had this discussion. And I thought it made so much sense not to use T.R.T. And then they have now the T.R.T. clinics. And you know. Do you get worried about people getting care from those kind of things? And I'm sure, in listen, I'm not, you know what? I'm not, I'm not in that question. Because you probably think there are good doctors everywhere. You just have to be careful. I don't like T.R.T. clinics. I don't like testosterone clinics. Because number one, they make people go in and get shots there. And they, if they tiny increases in doses to make the patients think it's going to do something. And they overcharge where the testosterone is just a, you know, a money maker. It's not patient care. I don't like that. You are very big in to patient care. Speaking of patient care. Is there an agent? I actually, I'm curious because again, I'm going to bring up Brandon. And I wish I had known you back then. I had a young guy come in. I want to say when I say young, he was probably late 20s. And he had low testosterone. He had low free and low total. I measured him on. No, we see it. We see it. But I was very early on in my practice. And I knew that he needed it. But here I am, you know, I might be fellowship trained doctor. But I wasn't trained in an neurology. I didn't have an neurology mentor. Now I do. But I sent him to an oconology. And they felt uncomfortable treating him because of his age. So nobody treated him. I mean, he was treated then. But how do we think about those, especially with these environmental exposures from an age perspective, one is too young to begin testosterone replacement. And yeah, I'm sorry testosterone is was pretty replacing. But therapy testosterone therapy. Well, I mean, you know, if they need it, we got to think about what we can do to make them feel better. So certainly, in adolescence, it don't yet have closure of their long bones. We don't want to give them testosterone because they're going to be short. So you know, maybe low dose HCG. So in high school, these kids that would be using testosterone that would close their bone plates. Growth plates. If they haven't closed. Kids you hear that? And that means also probably in college, their, their plates might not be closed. I don't know if people are still growing. I don't, I don't think all right, I can't even know if I don't. Okay. The, so you give HCG to jump start their own or ket, or inclamophane. Okay. Just emulate your own production to make it more physiologic. If someone has abused antibiotics or been on testosterone for a very long time, is there an ability to recover? To come off recover. Like a reboot protocol, some way to reboot their own production of testosterone. But I would think HCG, I mean, I have not seen somebody on it who wants to come off it. But there's no reason. I just want to get some of pregnant. Well, then that's totally different. If you want to talk about that, that's a totally different issue. Right? And we can talk about it because I think it's very interesting. Yes. But I'm going to first get some water. Yeah. Have we been going for it's 430 already? Yes. Can I, can I? Yeah. You can stretch your legs. You can tell me that you want to quit too. But I would have to bring you back for part two. You would have to what? You are so, I mean, I'm learning so much. Because you know what you're learning my, a lot of my stuff is opinions. It's not public science. But Dr. Lipschults, you have done something that very few people do. And I hope you understand my appreciation for that. Because I am a science communicator, which means I look to see what everybody is doing. And you've provided really meaningful innovation. You know, whether Dr. is doing this or talking about it or willing to think about it. Right. But it's also open to criticism. Do you care? No. Exactly. You have to be careful though in academics. Yeah. Maybe less so in academics and probably practice some kind. Because you know, we are doing things in a very academic way. We're just not throwing stuff against a wall and seeing if it's tax. Of course not. Nor would you. I promise I'll let you out of it. Are you good for just a couple more minutes? Yeah, because I have to go to the doctors. You do. Okay. So let's just wrap up on your discussion on you said it was important to reboot. To. Yeah. So let's just mention that if you just want to finish that, then we can run through scripts who love Mia come down and we'll like knock out some scripts. Do you have enough intro to go right to it? Yeah. We have to end it appropriately. No, this talk about the H.C.G. and the. Oh, yeah. Well, I'll ask you the question. Talk to me about individuals that have used antibiotics and I'm saying antibiotics to testosterone, which is an adult or other agents that now want to regain fertility. Right. And this is a very common problem. So what we do, first of all, we've changed our paradigm. Now anybody in their reproductive ears who comes in complaining of low tea, we get a cement analysis. As you know, sperm production, when it's impaired, it's often associated with poor testosterone production. Spur, production that is impaired is off. Okay. Because the testicles just not working with. So if someone's starting out with low cement quality, we don't want down the road, try to. Restimulate and get to a level where that individual never started. So I mean, what do you mean? In other words, I think people who come in with low tea when they're young are at risk or also having poor sperm production. So I want to know what they are before I give them tea. Okay. So when it comes time for them to have a baby, reestablished, I want to know what my target is. I mean, if their production is 10 million per mill, I don't want to try to stimulate them to 30 because they'd worn that way to begin with. I say, I say. But that's what we're doing now that's different. But before we did it, when people come in now, they haven't done that, the old technique was to take them off testosterone. Originally, just take them off testosterone. Well, that was terrible because they had no testosterone. They were miserable. They wouldn't stick to no testosterone. So what we then started doing is adding HCG with clomid and then later, which is what we're doing now, HCG with FSH. Because we found those two hormones, which are the essential hormones, for sperm production, we can give, we can give from the outside. You can purchase them. And then we can bypass the issue of trying to restimulate them. So the individuals will get pregnant faster. In addition, we found out we can also add back or allow them to stay on their testosterone because when you think about it, testosterone is bad for sperm production. Because it turns off FSH and LH. Right. Right. Well, if I'm giving the individual FSH and LH, why do I care if they're taking testosterone? Right? So, and we publish this and shown that it works. So now our individuals can stay on their testosterone. They don't have to go through any of the symptoms they came in for initially a blow testosterone. And yet they can re-establish sperm production back to their baseline. That is innovative. Do you do that need to lower the testosterone dose? You just give them LH and FSH and the Revol 2 maintained fertility? Yes. Wow. Dr. Larry Lipscholts, I could talk to you all day. And I would love to. But we all have other things. Well, I don't know. This is pretty important. But, you know what? We can come back again. We'll come back for... We can have part 2. Part 2 and you know... No son of. Yes. So grateful to you on the way in which you have really led the charge on a lot of this innovation. Really extraordinary. Yeah, well I appreciate your appreciation. Wow. I know. I know. I also hear a great interviewer. Very comfortable. Thank you so much. I appreciate that. And till next time. Yes, till then. We will not call it testosterone placement therapy. Never again. Dr. Lipscholts, thank you so much. And thank you. Thank you so much for tuning into this power of the medical conversation with Dr. Larry Lipscholts. If today's episode challenged what you thought you knew about men's health and fertility, share it with someone who needs to hear it. Partner, brother, friend. And if you're ready to take your health seriously, make sure you're subscribed so you never miss an episode. I'm Dr. Gabrielle Lyon. See you next time. Remember, strong bodies, strong minds, strong future.