There is a connection between muscle mass, sarcopenia and sexual function. Men with more muscle mass have better erections. Men with less muscle mass have horrible erections have low libido of lower testosterone. It's all about overall health. Again, think to the paradigm about how the body is willing to give away its erectile function, if it has to sacrifice something, but it's going to keep brain function. And as we get sicker and unwell, the penis is the first to go. So don't get on well, stay strong. So when men train, when men lose weight, when men gain muscle, erections get better. A aerobic activity is as powerful as P5 inhibitors. The drugs like siallows that we talked about earlier, in helping with erections, a modest 10% decrease in body weight is as powerful as pills in helping with erections. Not only all the other benefits of keeping on the right side of the grass. So again, if you take good care of your body, your body will take good care of you. Anything you do for penis health is good for cardiac health. So it is not surprising at all. There's a direct correlation between muscle mass, strength, grip strength and erectile quality. You just got the attention of every male listener on the planet. Yeah, well, good. Or at least, uh, good because. I'm listening to the show because who doesn't want better erectile function and better penis health. And you know, just to jump in, we use the penis as a fault room for behavior change. It is very difficult for the average man to change your behavior. If you tell them listen, your blood pressure is 8.2 high. But if you tell them listen, if you lose a little bit of weight, if you start exercising, just minimal gains, 150 minutes, a week of exercise, 30 minutes, five times a day, you see tremendous improvement. And so we can use this as a fault grump to get guys to be a health in Canada. The cigarette packages have like this flaccid cigarette on the side. And it basically says smoking is bad for your erections. So we should lean into this fact and get people to be healthier because yes, sexual function is very sensitive to oral health. And we should use it as a way to get people to be healthier. Is there a dose? You said 150 minutes of moderate to vigorous activity? Is there a known specific dose that is good for penis health? Or vascular health primarily? I mean, I know that we're talking about vascular health in general. But again, as a urologist, I thought that we would focus on your organ of longevity, the urologist organ of longevity versus my definition. Right. Do we know as there are dose? Study by Jang and all. I think from last year, 2024, they looked at the enhanced data, which is like a community cohort database from like the early 2000s. And basically, I found that 150 minutes of exercise per week, decreased the rate of rectal dysfunction by 20%. 300 minutes by essentially 40%. Something very close to that. So, you know, intensity and duration as it gets higher, you get improvements. There is eventually a plateau. It's like if you do a thousand minutes or not, you're not going to perfect your erections. But even a modest amount of exercise really move the needle. And then if you're really an exercise in three or two minutes a week, that's an hour, five days a week, which is a good great goal. You'll see a 40% improvement in erections. I'm going to just lay out a handful of other statistics and numbers, because I think they're so powerful. Studies showing men who maintain muscle mastering are 66% less likely to report multiple sexual issues. Older men, this was fascinating, but not surprising. Sarcopina was linked to 2.7 times greater risk of moderate to severe ED. Both of studies are, you know, excellent in that, you know, a lot of them are self-reported studies. And where the people are quantifying their own strength, the one study about the muscle mass that's from like a bunch of scanning avian patients and the people who reported that they still were strong, had awesome erections. The people who said, yeah, I feel a little bit weaker than when I was 10 years ago, they had lousy erections. And lousy libido too. What is the role of testosterone and erectile function? It testosterone is essential to a certain point, right? So if you have normal testosterone, and you give more testosterone, their typically isn't added benefit, right? So a mistake you'll make is like assuming if some becomes over the normal, you check their T, it's normal, but they have problems with erections. But give them the testosterone that typically doesn't fix the problem. Remember the main eology of erectile dysfunction is probably the vascular blood flow problem. So you got to fix the blood flow. If testosterone is very low, though, then penis ain't going to work. How would you define very low? Well, if you want to use the scientific definition, a repeated measurement of testosterone less than 300 or free testosterone less than five. So if it's low, if you give testosterone back to those men, they typically will see a better erections, especially when they're trying to use pills. Cialis, biogur, they rely on testosterone for nitric oxide, synthetase or the chemicals that are required for erections. If your T is low, and you give T back, the pills work better. Again, I just can't stress enough, though, if you take your carrier cell for your T will stay normal, there's data where people who are look healthy, and there's 70s and 80s, the testosterone is way higher than people who look unwell. My dad's. He's really low. My let's just throw nit dog onto the bus again. We ran his labs, and I'm looking at this testosterone of over 700. No, that's amazing. And I would argue that the best single blood test for overall health and men is testosterone. And women maybe, but maybe there's a ratio we need to look at, and then along those same lines, the best overall marker for overall health and men is erectile function. Why? Because you have to have excellent vasculine integrity, excellent overall health, and the penis recrylls normal, mental health. If you're anxious, if you're depressed, the penis ain't going to work. So you can be in great physical shape, but if you're unwell from a psychiatric perspective, whether it's depression or whatever it is, anxiety because you're having stress at work, again, the penis ain't going to function well. So all systems have to be on full go for the erections to be awesome. So that's a really reassuring thing. If you're a 70 year old and you're getting great erections, you're probably pretty healthy. Is there a point of no return? For example, when we image the brain, and we see microbascular disease of the brain, the brain is arguably a large, very active organ. There is a lot of it. The brain can make up for itself, meaning it's not just a penantypically in this one area, but the penis is smaller. If there is vascular damage to the penis, is there a ability to recover? Two limited extent, like many other things, but sometimes you get age-related, you know, vasculine disease, maybe it's untreated hypertension for a long time, or you have six significant athletic, narrowing or plaque, or maybe smoke for a long time. Sometimes the damage is so extensive that no matter how much you exercise, no matter how many pills you take, and ain't going to work. Right? Yes, there is a point of no return. Very avoidable if you never get there the first place, but that's where surgery comes in. For men who may have had a reason that their penis has failed them, or maybe had a period in their life, or their own healthy, we can restore normal sexual function with surgery. Often times we can restore it with lifetime lifestyle change, but not always. And so take your care yourself, but then even with fails, there's no reason to give up hope. We can fix it. You mentioned exercise. Penile vascular health. This is the first time I've probably ever said those words together. Yeah. I'll just say I'm again, Penile vascular health. Exercise increases blood flow. Absolutely. Are there things like I saw Austin Powers, and he has the penis pump? It would also make sense if we exercise or muscle that perhaps something like that would also work. You know, the guys may take advantage of the statement, but the penis is a loser or use it or lose it organ. Okay? So when the penis goes in the garage, for an extended amount of time, meaning no erections, like no sex, no physiological erections that normally occur in the middle night, why would that happen? You just had a prostate surgery, and you had to stun the nerve, so you have significant diabetes. You basically just got into the point where directions aren't happening very often. We know that men who don't get erections commonly get penal shortening, right? So you lose length of the penis. Everybody wants to know how rapid and how much? Yeah. So on average, if you've got a consistent lack of erections for three months, you lose one to two centimeters of length, which is a half inch to an inch in length, and every millimeter, guys, fight for, right? So that's a lot. It's significant. Yeah, it's something that actually, earlier in my career, as I was a, yourrologist at the VA, and when we're doing prostatectomy surgeons, the patients would say after the prostate surgery say, doc, I think my penis is shorter. I'm like, no, no, you're just a little bit fat, or you would say it more. And then they kept saying it, and that was like one of the first studies I ever did, and we actually measured, and it's true, guys lost peanut length. The good news is is that if you exercise the penis with a vacuum reaction device, you can regain that length back. So it's not about like physically shorting the penis, is about having scar tissue in the penis, and if you have a uniform scar with a reaction, the penis looks shorter. If you have a non-uniform scar, you get this curvature, right? And that's one of these. For these, these is loss of elasticity on one side or one part of the penis, and like a balloon, if you put a piece tape on a balloon, you inflate it, the balloon's going to curve where that piece of tape is. That's what the balloon is disease is. And again, that's something that's very common in men, about 10% of men above each with.