Is it ideal to build muscle on a vegan diet? Does protein timing actually matter? And why does gaining muscle seem so hard? Even when you're training consistently and eating an aft. Keep high quality muscle mass. We need to ensure it's turning over, right? So with obese muscle, the quantity is there, but the quality is poor. Muscle protein synthesis isn't just about what you do. It's about when you eat it and how your body the efficiency absorbs it, how your hormones, their gut, and your body composition can change the entire equation. Really, the most important variable is consistency, right? Find something you enjoy that you enjoy going to the gym and do it, right? That's the most important. Dr. Nicholas Bird is one of the world's leading experts in muscle metabolism, especially obesity, how age and dietary patterns reshape the body's ability to build and maintain muscle. His research challenges a lot of assumptions that plant-based diets can't support strength, that protein timing doesn't matter, that more protein always equals better results. If you're an athlete or a midlife woman or just someone who wants to age with strength, this episode is for you. Because muscle isn't just about aesthetics. It's your metabolic body on the way you feed it matters more than ever. Let's break down what it really takes to make protein work for you with Dr. Nicholas Bird. Dr. Nicholas Nick Bird, I'm so excited to have you on. I've been following your work for years. That's right. I've like a celebrity sitting here. Yeah, that's me. What I think is so fascinating about your work, and I think the first time that you actually published on obesity and metabolic resistance in most of the 10 years ago, was it? I'm old. Yeah, but I'm looking at it for all, but it was so fascinating because in clinical practice, what I was seeing was that when someone was obese, I couldn't figure out why I just wasn't seeing that, again, this is anecdotal. I was very early on in my career. I couldn't figure out why it seemed as if they weren't responding. The same way, what did you call it, healthy lean or healthy weight? Yeah, healthy weight individualized. That's right. And throughout the years, I started thinking a lot about intermuscular adipose tissue, which I am very curious to hear your thoughts on, but really when we think about animal resistance and why I opened with that is ultimately an order for people to live well, healthy strong, they obviously need good muscle, not just from mobility and strength, but really from that metabolic perspective. And if they can't maintain it, or there is some challenge with training or nutrition, the opportunity to live well becomes somewhat to manage. And this is where your work comes in for intervention. Like when you look at obese muscle, the quantities there, but what my work is particularly showing in others as well, is that it's really a quality problem. So to keep a high, it's really important to live well, or aging strong, is always also another thing we're concerned with as well, is that to keep high quality muscle mass, we need to ensure it's turning over. So with obese muscle, the quantities there, but the quality is poor. And it's likely due to multiple factors mechanistically, as well as that enhancement of all that intramuscular adipose cells as you alluded to. And yeah, so we need to improve the quality and what interventions work, right? We tried to acutely kickstart the muscle, it didn't work, but doesn't mean training well, right? Because with everything, consistency, right? Consistency is key, right? So I can do during my dissertation with student fillups, we did all that load manipulation, right high load versus low load, all that good stuff, volume issues as well. But as we always say, you know, really the most important variable is consistency, right? Find something you enjoy that you enjoy going to the gym and do it, right? And that's the most important. I think with a B muscle, I think the consistency might be, might be the key even more so. I'm curious as to again, we probably don't know which comes first, is if someone has subcutaneous fat, is that the problem or is it really the level of lipids within and the placement and location of lipids within the skeletal muscle? And before you answer, I have to ask you this, because I would love kind of in your, uh, to frame it up in totality, what you're thinking. But if an individual is obese and let's say we define that as body fat percentage over, I don't know, 30%. Yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, you know, BMI, but it is better to use percent body fat. Yeah, or BMI, how long does it take for them to be able to recover that tissue if ever, right? So for example, if someone becomes obese or is obese, then they lose weight. At what point do we see as they're an intermuscular, adipose percentage? And what point do they then revert if at all or ever? So if the listener is at home thinking, wow, I've been obese my whole life, I've never thought about that, or they're a kid, maybe kids don't listen to this. But parents do, if that is someone who is newly put on weight, fat tissue, where do we think in terms of the spectrum of what is possible for treatment? No, I mean, that's a good point. I mean, so this is probably within the last six years, this has been something we've been thinking about. In terms of when we're recruiting participants, it is something, I don't have a great answer for, but how long have they been obese, right? It's somebody who's just recently become obese, right, different than somebody who's been obese for a prolonged period of time, right? Even adolescent obesity. This is tiptoeing outside my area of expertise, just three interactions with colleagues and all comes back, that whole concept of epigenetic regulation, so your DNA is probably getting tagged, right? So remembering, so let's say you're as a child, right? You put on excess, out of post tissue, now you're putting different tags on your DNA, such that it remembers that, right? So once you lose that excess out of policy, you still remember it, right? That's a lot of pre-clinical work, so the road network suggests that concept of epigenetic memory, or, you know, so most, you're going to say muscle memory. Yeah, that's also a phrase of her muscle memory, as well, so that means I use it from a training standpoint too, so a lot of my colleagues tiptoeing around that area, in terms of stuff we've done, we try to think about it. I haven't, you know, in terms of a lot of our work is more, you know, we just make sure, and this is just something we've done, trivial, I don't have any evidence to say, least, you know, we're recruiting obese participants, at least for, you know, they've been obese for about a year prior, but that's a trivial number, or a trivial duration. I think it's interesting, I mean, it's something you got to think about, I'm experimentally, we think about it, rather there's this existence of, you know, that epigen, or that muscle memory in terms of remembering, hey, you know, what I've been, you know, my muscles been surrounded with all this excess fat, you know, when I was a young, and now, you know, I got old, found the gym, found better nutrition, I lost it. Maybe, but there's no denying that at whatever age, nutrition and exercise works, I'm sorry, right? And I guess, and there's no, you know, in this whole concept of responder versus non-responder, you know, like we say, there's no such thing as a non-responder to nutrition, no such thing as a non-responder to exercise, there's a variable responder, I agree with that assertion, but is that like, you know, obese? Yeah, I would say that, I mean, I'm sorry, nobody's not responding to food, you know what I mean? I think it's so easy to use that phrasing, but I do believe there's variable response responders, and then as we use more sophisticated analysis to understand what are these factors underpinning these variable responses, right? So, but also muscle protein synthesis. So, the muscle protein synthesis is animal response. I don't know if people understand muscle protein synthesis is somewhat of a proxy, would you, would you define it as a proxy healthy muscle for, and for the capacity for turnover for that response? Because it's not a, no, okay, this is, yeah, this is important. You know, I gave a presentation recently, you know, on this concept, and sometimes scientifically, I just, you know, when you live in Bris something, you just, you know, you just use sort of a given. So, you know, the first thing to understand is that muscle protein synthesis. So, what we study in the laboratory, it's, we're studying directly, right? So, your, your comment is it a proxy for something. So, so really what you're interested in, what we're thinking about muscle remodeling, right? Exactly right. Turn over, okay. Now, hydration isn't just about drinking Coke Zero or sugar free red bull. I'm saying that for a friend, or even drinking just more water, it's about keeping the right balance of electrolytes on fluids during life's most demanding season that matters even more than ever. So, for example, if you are pregnant or postpartum, your body is going through massive changes, blood volume, hormone shifts, breastfeeding demands, I don't know, crying kids, all of it, and this is a place where you need electrolytes. Like sodium, magnesium, potassium, element was formulated to replenish what you actually use without sugar, fillers, or junk. It's a clean, effective way to stay hydrated. For example, through pregnancy, postpartum and for men, hey, this isn't just for ladies, it's not just about hydration, it is about performance, recovery, mental clarity, and yes, energy, whether you are hitting the gym, chasing your kids or grinding through another workday, dehydration can quietly sabotage your focus. Element helps you stay sharp, strong, and ready. Weaves element because it works, and it tastes great. You can get a free sample back with any purchase. That's eight flavors. Go to drink DRINK LMNT.com slash Dr. Lyon. That's drink LMNT.com slash Dr. Lyon. Stay hydrated, stay strong. So, two parts of that equation is protein synthesis and protein breakdown. When you're thinking about which variable to trace, to try to predict muscle remodeling, an obese muscle, an aging muscle, protein synthesis, is a good variable to understand muscle protein remodeling because it's just moving the most. So, when we're looking at muscle protein remodeling, we're really defined by net protein balance. When you're in a positive state of remodeling, you're in a positive state of net protein balance. When you're trying to manipulate that equation, you want, obviously, to either turn on synthesis or minimize breakdown or whatever combination you want to do. Generally, even though we don't think obese people are healthy per se, but obese, I was almost going to say healthy. Oh, the obesity. Do you believe there's such a thing? Well, sometimes it's interesting because, you know, we'll study some of these participants who are, it depends what you're looking at, I guess, because sometimes we'll see somebody who is obese clinically, but yet there are glucose tolerances just, you know, just rock star. You know what I mean? Very normal glucose tolerance. Do you look at intermuscular out of position? We have imaging techniques to do it. I prefer, because I think you alluded to this earlier. It's such a dynamic question, right? So the location, the distribution, the size of that lipid droplet, how close to the mitochondrial is that lipid droplet? Is it tethered to that mitochondria? Right? So it's very complex. Yeah, so it's, you can get some of that stuff from advanced imaging, at least visually, but, you know, we like to get it in here as a reason. Yeah, because we're talking about animal persistence in obesity, and that's really defined by BMI or percentage. Yeah. And over the years clinically, I think that while we have these definitions based on large populations, yeah, if someone, let's just say, and this, and I don't mean to anger anybody who's listening, let's say a 25% body fat, that is not healthy for that individual. And then you see that so they're, you know, again, they whether it's, yeah, I think that's just simply saving like that. And that's why I wonder if an individual with various levels of fat within that tissue, which is very dynamic, like you said, there's characteristics of certain people, and this is where we need to define. What, what is the characteristics that are allowing animal persistence in obese muscle to be really strong? Or what are the characteristics that are making it be less relevant, the same with the loose-eaten threshold. What are the characteristics where that loose-eaten is really important, right? The older adults make sense, right? That usually when you have lessly mass, you probably have more, you know, greater fat mass, and you're just less sensitive. But the other, you know, that that concept of a young person with more lean mass seems to be a little more responsive, there might be better. You know, in animal persistence is, you know, if you were to say, okay, like, what's the linchpin of how we can move these people forward? Yeah. They have to eat 50% of Americans are not exercising. And I'm curious. So you, when you were talking about this study that you did, you gave them 36 grams of protein, and they didn't mount a response. Yeah, and that was just because, you know, we didn't have the money to do a dose response and obese muscle. And, right? And, you know, if you look at older adults, sometimes they need a little more, and a lot of the models we look at, correct? For like, you see that an older adult might need a little more food protein to initiate a big rise in my or for billioprootene synthesis relative to the younger counterparts. Well, you think some of the mechanisms of weird, I think about, you know, I'm really interested in this animal of persistence because very few people have studied it the way that you guys are studying it and have, what are some of the mechanisms of animal of resistance? Are they different in obesity versus aging? Yeah, it's out. Yeah, I guess that's, yeah, I got sidetracked a little bit. So, you know, animal persistence probably comes in very shapes and forms for one, right? So, you know, you and I are probably inducing some level of animal persistence when we, you know, through sedatory behavior when we sit here for a couple hours, right? But then beauty is we're going to get up and move around, right? That's a whole concept of exercise snacks, you know, getting up in every 30 minutes to an hour making sure we're doing some movement, to sort of ensure that we're not inducing some transient animal resistance. All right, so that's, you know, getting rid of that. But when we think about an older adult or older muscle versus a beast muscle, that was sort of my point. So, we fed that big bulls, 36 grams. Why? Because past, we shown that that's sort of been able to successfully overcome animal resistance with aging, right? And so, when we saw it with 36 grams in our original study, that was conducted by Joe Beals, when he's doing my PhD with him, actually he's at Washoe now too, has been there for a while with same client. But the fact we still showed it, I was like, wow, it's crazy. There's still resistance to that 36 grams of food protein. But when you sit back and think a little more about it, what do we know about an older adult, you know, an older adult, what do they have? They have muscle animal resistance, but they also have digestive animal resistance. Right? So, it makes sense when you can sort of one way to overcome that digestive animal resistance is maybe, or have they shown, eat more food protein, right? Overcom that digestive animal resistance to get enough substrate to the muscle to help robustly stimulate myorphabular protein synthesis. Right? What we know about an obese muscle or obese person, they don't have a problem, they don't have a digestive animal resistance. Right? So, feeding more and more food protein to a to obese adult makes zero sense because there's no issue there. The issues intrinsic to the muscle, right? We got to fix, yeah, we got to fix the muscle, right? And what are some of the problems? Well, you know, the first factor is probably poor capillary supply, right? They're struggling to get the nutrients there, right? The second one is probably, you know, that fact we can't get into or it's probably caught up in the in the sarco plasm. I can't get up to that hub very well. So, not only can it get up to that hub, the plasma membrane, but they don't have the capillary's there to support it, right? They have all that, you know, that intramuscular fat interfering, right? With the signals, right? And collectively, all those factors, you know, which comes first, I think you're sort of eluding to earlier. I don't know, is it the fact that's initiating all these problems, maybe, probably? With the muscle protein synthesis, you guys are measuring that when you say it didn't mount a response. What is it that you're just very simply? Sure. What does that mean? That's generally a good indicator of the net protein balance equation and then the subsequent remodeling response we're getting. And I like that you're pointing out that it's remodeling. It's not necessarily gross. Yeah, it's not a growth marker. That's a remodeling marker, right? Maybe for you, it's a, you know, it's a better predictor of growth. That sort of goes back to that variable responder. But for me, it's clearly not. But I think it's important point. It's an important because if someone were to look at the literature out there, the majority, unless they're done an expert and they're going because they want to learn more about it. And they like to spend their free time going on PubMed and it says muscle proteins synthesis. And I think in the social media landscape, that's people equate that with growth and high-peratured. And really, the majority of muscle protein synthesis, 250 to 300 plus grams is really with that turnover. Yeah, it's a remodeling marker. It's a remodeling marker. Yeah. Maybe five grams potentially a day, like I don't know, a day max. Well, the point is, it's like when we eat food, when we do, we turn on remodeling, right? Just sitting around eating food without exercise, you're not going to expand your myor for the live protein pool. But you're a remodeling because it's very important. We got to get rid of those old damaged proteins, replace them with new ones, right? The keep a healthy, you know, proteome. And that's the keep. Yes. The health and the ability to do that. Yeah, it's for. As an individual ages, potentially, or if there are obese, which brings me to this idea of resistance training. And some of your studies resistance training didn't necessarily boost muscle protein synthesis with obesity the same way that it does in lean individuals. If your sheets feel like a paper towel from a gas station bathroom, gross, it's time to upgrade. And I have been obsessed with cozy bamboo sheets. They're temperature regulating their guaranteed to give you a comfortable night sleep and air made from viscous from bamboo. They help me sleep several degrees cooler. And recent studies report cooler temperatures facilitate the body's natural drop in core temperature, which of course leads to faster sleep and improves sleep quality. Also, reduced risk of night sweats. So if you're an individual who's experiencing night sweats, such as someone who is undergoing menopause, these sheets are for you. And we partnered with cozy earth to bring you this episode. They've also offered you a hundred night sleep trial. You can try them. For free, the hottest nights of the year. And if you're not in love with them, return them. No questions asked. Super easy. They also have a 10 year warranty on all betting products. That's I don't know, a decade of cool sheets, high quality towels. You name it. So upgrade your night sweats and go to cozy earth.com and use the code Dr. Lyme for 40% off the best muscle in gerious sheets that I have ever tried. It's probably related to those. It's intrinsic problem. We got to fix some of those. What we can do about it. Consistency with exercise. Easy. Do you think over time? But that's fascinating. So I guess what you're saying is that in one hand, these are very discrete moments in time. Yeah. And that potentially over time does that tissue that response become more attuned to training? The phrasing sometimes I use is efficient. So protein efficiency. We can enhance the protein efficiency of our skeletal muscle tissue. And I think we can do the same by using resistance exercise in particular in an obese muscle. I think consistency with the resistance exercise will help correct some of these problems. Not saying we don't use endurance exercise to help, obviously. But I think resistance exercise is paramount. And one reason, when we think endurance exercise, it's a completely different animal than resistance exercise in terms of how it's impacting efficiency. What is protein efficiency? What is good question? All right, I guess that's another phrase I always use. And number times what are you talking about? I'm like what do you mean protein efficiency? Just make sense. Um, definitely, I mean, I guess I put a definition on this and some of my grants. But essentially, what I want to think about protein efficiency, when we consume the same absolute amount. So if we 20 grams of food protein, right, if you want, if you're efficient with your food protein, what's going to happen is you're going to get a large incorporation to the myrophorular fraction with minimal oxidative waste. Right? And so that's good definition. Yeah, that's good. Yeah, yeah, maybe. Okay, yeah, probably. And so what I think we can do with resistance exercise is actually increased your protein efficiency because why resistance exercise is fundamentally anabolic, right? It's kind of different than what we see with endurance exercise. I mean, it sounds like it should be easy and well, this is the bio-behavior or a sort of practitioners. Now you need to find out to make exercise fun, right? Right? Because I don't have the time to slam their and just move it. You know, you said something. That jokes all day long when we were doing that. Very fascinating. And it was about this idea of using, you didn't say microbial proteins, but I know that you worked on a study there. What was the name of the was it amplify? Do you remember that study? I think that the pre-ledic enzymes? Yeah, you had mentioned this idea that efficiency is important. Yeah. And efficiency is it seems somewhat up to us as to how our behaviors shape, whether we are not wasting what we are consuming. I will piggyback and say we have to eat something. Whether we are eating carbs, proteins, fats, one could choose protein. Again, maybe to support beyond muscle proteins synthesis. There are probably many utilization or uses for those amino acids. Like, you said, and from three inine or dopamine or any of those other things. I think we are presented some of the stuff that conferences too. So, using proteases or the paper here, I read it. We have followed up some of that work that thinks more interesting. So, we did that same thing in older adults instead of mixed meal. Then one of the objectives with that study is with older adults. I just sort of said they have digested animal resistance. One way they are trying to overcome that is, here grandma and grandpa you are a bunch of food. I didn't pause you on the digestive animal resistance. Can we just take a second there? Sure. When I think about digestive animal resistance, if we define animal resistance as this decrease, can we say in efficiency for our muscle to respond the way it should? Luke studies are loop on loon over in the Netherlands. There are studies are cool because what he shows is that an older adult has when you eat in this case, you know, a lot of his dairy manipulations that they have a reduced digestive protein, digestion of absorption kinetics. We see that in practice. I love you. I love you. No, no. But we see that in it. So, he has the best tools that I love that stuff that he does. That's why one of the other is what's in time to learn the techniques and super expensive. But I admire Luke a lot. He's one of my science heroes. But he shows that. And so back to your question, I think is older adults have satiety issues. So one of the things we are meaning they are hungry less. Yeah, exactly. So like I said, just trying to get them the eat more and more food. Well, it might help get some more of that substrate in the circulation to help give a big, push on muscle protein synthesis. It might not be in practice that reasonable. So we were charged with trying to enhance post-prandial nutrient concentrations by using enzyme blends. So not only proteases, but trying to get more glucose fat, everything in the circulation. So can we use an enzyme blend to try to help facilitate nutrient release? And we were somewhat successful. I think would you take a microbial protease? Would I personally? If you were older? Or am I sure? Maybe. It's on five and up. Would I recommend it to my grandparents? Yeah. Sure. Yeah. What I do it? I don't know. I don't think much about any of kids and everything. It's life's, you know, trust me. I'm getting enough food protein. What did you guys find? Did it actually? So it's not a published study. So I've been in conference form abstracts and whatnot. Can you talk about some of it? Yeah. So I mean, it's been at conferences. I can't remember which one. Well, here, let me show you over to you, ready? Yeah. Accute my microbial protease supplementation increases net post-prandial plasma amino acid concentrations after pprotein injection. Yeah, that was the pprotein study, which has been published. Yep. Right. This was another study that was with using an actual, what I was more interested in was a mixed meal. And this is a study I was telling about. You are very interested in food matrix. And there's a, again, when we look at the landscape of protein, it's, we're not giving tagged, I mean, people aren't eating tagged amino acids or no, well, you don't need to. It's just a tool that we have to understand how metabolically how they're responded in social nexusized. Now, that's what it was done in younger, younger folks, the one you're referencing with the pprotein. The study I was really keen on was the, the one that's going to be published in abstract form. So in that study, they are only objective was trying to enhance the post-prandial release of dietary amino acids to pprotein, which is a plant-based protein. Okay. My kids still sleep with me. And after 47 nighttime snack requests, two bath hernons and a snoring husband, myself tap out. Enter, might appear. Timeline nutrition is one of the most thoroughly research products that I've come across with over a decade of peer reviewed published science. Timeline is an extraordinary brand and they are an extraordinary product. And this is where it gets really interesting for those following in muscle centric lifestyle. When you age, unfortunately, things happen. And adults 40 plus, timeline has been shown to increase muscle strength and endurance with no change in your activity. So whether you've been active, resistance training your whole life, or you're just getting started, timeline can help. They have a beautiful product line with a low sugar vegan non-giumo in gluten-free new gummy, which is amazing. They also have mitochondrial berry or ginger powder. You can mix it into your daily smoothies. If there is one product that I strongly suggest that you take, it is mitochondrial ant. Timeline is offering our community 20% off. Your first order of mitochondrial. Go to timelinenutrition.com-doctorline and use the code doctor line to get 10% off your order. That's T-I-M-E. L-I-N-E nutrition.com-slash-doctorline. I have a paper here or this is a it's not a paper it's a it's a proposal. Yeah. Oh yeah that oh something's been over yeah yeah you send it over. Yeah so we go we go and it's fascinating and I'm just curious I don't want to say anything about it I'm I would love to hear from you is there something that you are really excited about? You know I get excited about I love science like I'm like if you look at my career you've probably noticed like I'm all over the place in terms you know all study dials with patients all study we just got a nice grant through the ADA to study some protein requirements for type 2 diabetics. This is a BCD related stuff I'm really interested in I'm interested in the food matrix stuff you know I was say for not having fun with the point you're right I get excited when I see my students get excited I love it all I mean you tell me I just like the pursuit of a research question and I do have a tendency to get bored easily so I like my you know each student has a little different concept and each one of something exciting about them all like I said the biggest dream I have is seeing the excitement of them right so the fact whenever whatever research study was studied study it just to see the students how pumped out pumped up they are about it I like I mean I'm a big science neuro like methodological questions where I'm doing some stuff with Dan Moore the more methodological just trying to understand the tool that kind of stuff excites me but you know the clinical work is interesting the performance nutrition work is is is interesting I'm trying to understand some of this endurance exercise protein requirements stuff I don't think we got a good handle on on those aspects certainly the obesity related questions you're asking really important how can we overcome this obesity animal resistance I think consistency with resistance exercise is going to be key do you think any of different diet for example you're going to be studying type 2 diabetes with protein you think the diet or the training recommendations need to be different I don't know you do teach on performances or anything that again you're not really on social media at all from feedback from your students do you find that there's something that is vastly different from academic perspective versus what someone thinks whether it's the amount of protein endurance athlete needs or yeah anything like that there would be help over the audience the biggest thing I I have to talk about is you know what they're really surprised about is the protein requirements between a weight lift or versus endurance athlete right this whole concept of you know optimal versus maximal these kind of concepts right and like I said there's no problem with eating protein and excess that's what you want to do do it there's a you for a healthy kidney I can handle it right but my point is you're creating it's a that's a maximal way to eat right if you want to eat maximum we go for that I'm care I did really impacts me very little right if you want to eat ultimately here's some things to think about right because a maximum response is how I view it is just shoveling as much food protein as you want make you know just eliminate anything about requirement right because you just overshot it and let your body eliminate the waste right so just get high oxidative rates right that's fine you can do that that's that's great but guess what like I said you're gut now is going to take more of it you're going to have higher sweating of extraction you're going to have an enhancement and your proteolytic enzymes it's not a problem per se but you know when you go to eat your next meal let's say not most of us that has zero issue of funding food protein in the US but let's say you even eat maximum so you know 30 40 grams of food protein per meal now you've been going in count or 15 right it's going to be different metaphorically that somebody who's been eating 15 to 20 grams of food protein as part of their normal pattern and eating more optimally because you know I see it all the time 1.6 grams per kg per day right that's that's the recommendation for weightlifting as I see online all the time maybe up over to 2.2 grams of protein per kg per day but have you ever looked at that confidence interval that 95% confidence interval why not recommend why you why you go in that way why why why not go this way as opposed to 1.2 yeah or why not eat up to lower end of that confidence interval why why why why why why is a translation by default eat that way because you could eat this way that's what that day does tell me they just looked at the breaking point into came at 1.6 right so you know the read I know why they're doing it because it's easy translation do you worry about so if the average American eats 300 grams of carbs a day do worry about where you know I think that the majority of the food were over consuming is processed yeah of course yeah also processed that's more education you know what I mean but you think educating people to eat more food proteins right education I think we have a lot of work to do yeah I don't think that's eating protein in excess I don't think is is the education standpoint understood understanding that you know different you know different foods are you know in terms of protein quality how they're interacting it's it's all education I mean just pretending like you know people can't learn it's it's crazy all the reason I do that just for ease of translation well that's fine but why don't educate them then that's our state that's our point as a as a but just running around saying you need this much food protein in excess I'm not saying it's gonna hurt them but that's that's just a crazy recommendation I just told you with a weight left you're just you're just making a system completely inefficient if you want to make that recommendation perhaps in a different way yeah right if I think about muscle health yeah the biggest driver is likely training right some kind of stimulus this is definitely whether it's resistance or endurance with endurance how should they structure their nutrition yeah I mean you know I always the biggest variable you know just just to put this in it everybody I come on nutrition podcast sometimes they you know they want nutrition you know the biggest thing I can say is be consistent with your exercise right find something you do find something you do find something to make your smile right and and that's the first thing I think that's the most important thing we can do is practitioners is try to identify activities you know something we can make somebody be consistent with right and the resistance important don't get me wrong but that that's a really big piece now you know a lot of times you know we're talking to you know I'm when I'm talking to athletes what not that's not that's not the problem because they're rather being coached to who is part of their training program they have to be pretty active so when we're thinking about an endurance athlete right the little difference in error than a weight lifter they're not fundamentally anabolic they're really catabolic right so you know what happens when an endurance athlete goes for a run right the run and you know for what how do you what I say 60 minutes right pretty intense 70% be able to peak we have you you know a lot of times we think protein as an oxidative fuel is not existent right so I use all these non-protein or are using everything or are you are you softsters in my drawer now but protein is that's a pretty overarching word right and even dawn's big on this right I think I've even heard him say yeah dawn has this funny saying cool saying that he's like you know protein you know same protein requirements like saying a vitamin requirement right eat one you have them all right and same with you know if I bite them indeed I'm good but it's not real right same with protein right you really got a zoom in and look at different amino acids and so you know some of the interesting ones with their insecticides and amino acids and the tablets standpoint right you got you got an aningolutamine, elucine so we just focus on that right so when an endurance athlete is running right they might not getting a lot of protein oxidation but they're getting elucine oxidation right we're pulling those carbon skeletons out to make a seedle coli to run them through the crep cycle have you wasted so much money on skincare I swear to you I have spent so much on my personal skincare that my pores should be I don't know a task deductible at this point but thank God for one skin and here's what I love about one skin they don't make empty promises it's a research driven minimalistic and tested for beauty skin health and longevity one skin is the first topical skin care backed by peptide science that target skin aging at a molecular level they have a proprietary peptide which is designed to reduce the accumulation of something called zombie cells that drive inflammation tissue breakdown and really this is an amazing product it's not really about this cosmetic quick fix you know we talk all about health and wellness but we typically talk about it from the inside and this is something that you can put on topically to affect the health of your skin so go to one skin dot co that's O and E SKIN dot co and use the code doctor lion for 15% off right and then what they do they stop the or they stop exercising right so they have all this oxidative amino acid waste that's induced by exercise now they need to eat food protein in the post-sexual size state right so they need to not only that food protein has to do two jobs it got to replace that losing oxidative loss okay and you also need to provide enough substrate to support that remodeling response so our work has shown that if we take you know if we take an endurance athlete have them run for an hour look at losing that balance right which oxidation is going to play a factor in that so guess what happens if endurance athlete runs they get into a negative losing balance right so catabolic we feed them food we couldn't recover that losing that balance because that food is fighting two battles it's has to replace that losing oxidative loss and like I said provided enough substrate so now we're trying to think about what strategies can we use for an endurance athlete because they also got to be concerned about carbohydrate right so what strategies can we do to help this endurance athlete recover they're losing that balance right so that's some stuff we're working on now that's some less stuff exciting I guess you're asking me about yeah the exciting stuff how can we manipulate protein time in how can we manipulate protein source to help recover that away lifters it's just kind of easy right away lifter can do they can just work out the point you know they should work out you know make sure they're getting a lot of type two fiber activation bulk fiber recruitment make sure all your muscles sensitive to substrate amino acid substrate eat something you know I always say after weightlifting you know what's the best kind of protein to eat well the kind of you put your mouth right whatever you want to put in your mouth is going to work and a durian athlete's a little more it's a little more interesting in terms of from a from a meal manipulation standpoint in my opinion we see differences and muscle protein synthesis because do they separate the type fibers out or is it just a loop down loops on some of that it's a lot of work I remember I was like when I was a postdoc I went over there and I was a gunho right I was like a loop I want to do some fiber type specific work and just like no you don't just was like no you don't you don't want to do that no we don't I mean I you know I'm not the individual synthesis rates and stuff I think scientifically and for basic science that's great but I like our our because it depends what your difference on the research question that's how deep you need to go now is there a particular impairment you know I mean that it's just but how does that impact a recommendation that you know it's just really depends on what you're trying to accomplish what tools you're going to use so I did want to learn it and it might have been so I was like yeah I want to do some individual synthesis rates and fiber type specific systems that's very short yeah you literally would let me he's like there no I was like okay do you think that the RDA is a worthy number no I mean I you know I like like I said Wayne professor Wayne Campbell's approach he his argument is that and I agree with him a hundred percent like I said he's he's also one of the guys I admire in the field we got to stop beaten up on the protein RDA right why it's sort of you know it it does what it's supposed to do it's supposed to prevent a deficiency it's very good at doing that you know we put a lot of pressure on it in my opinion like I always view the protein RDA as a starting point right when they developed it there was not a lot of information on it it does what it's supposed to do it does prevent a improvement does prevent protein deficiency but it wasn't supposed to in my opinion ever account for what about a weight lift or what about you know what doesn't it doesn't supposed to account for older adults or perhaps clinically compromised people what's it made for RDA healthy adults right so a healthy adult what's it going to do going to prevent a protein deficiency it's was never made to capsule everything and an older adult on a beast adult anybody he's weightlifting anybody's doing an endurance exercise right so I think it does a good job what I was supposed to do my other issue is that instead of beaten up on the RDA experimentally or verbally I guess we need to test it experimentally right instead we always especially in the exercise physiology field we always like to test everything in excess right and I you know I think you know one of the common numbers is that 1.6 grams for KG per day and one of the things I always like to say you know or they like to test this way right they want to keep going and in excess but I'm like why not test the other the other end and I think that's important um who is really tested the protein RDA from you know from a healthy weightlifting perspective but who's tested it well well done did but he went to one point six so done for years to some of those first studies and you know I think they're really well done and he looked at the RDA point eight grams then he looked at doubling the RDA which again is what you said a bit higher 1.6 grams and all of the and they were isocloric and yeah I remember that's some of work I know what you're saying I mean it's just yeah I did my guess my only point is is that the protein RDA is a starting point my other thing is it's hard to find somebody who's eating the protein RDA in my hands they're always eating 1.1 to 1.2 my biggest objective is using weightlifting to enhance that protein efficiency my other argument is that you know perhaps if you're doing other modes of exercise that number might vary a little bit for example and endurance athlete I think of you. Do you need more or less? I think they need more food protein and weightlifter in terms of an endurance somebody's eventually doing an endurance exercise but we also got that count for what's one aspect of an endurance athlete they usually have high caloric intakes right so it's not that number they need to be concerned about again I think I think I think it's the timing after that initial so if you just got back from a big run you know I always hear this this concept of anobalk window the prolonged nature of it a weight lift your doesn't need to really worry about some particular anobalk window but in a endurance athlete it's probably a little more important for them not only from a carbohydrate standpoint we know that's important but I would argue from a protein intake standpoint to to help them recover it's fascinating because we're definitely not hearing about that online I think that you're hearing that the anobalk window no longer matters unless potentially you're doing maybe exhaustive exercise or you are lower on the total protein in your head I put it never I mean it was interesting concept it had never mattered I mean the work we don't was stool in terms of that anobalk window we've showed it for years that it's been prolonged I've never really understood where that concept even derived from I think it was just I mean if you wanted to eat something after your weight lifting belt and go forward again but are there any other groups so endurance how long do you think the anobalk window is? No you're going to make me put a number on it? No I don't know I mean what should I get a genetic synthesis I mean it's you know it is short I mean usually you want to eat within the you know the one to two hour window right? I told I would guess right? In terms of this loose scene balance and it I don't I don't know but I would argue that we need to be able to recover those oxidative losses so the other concern is make sure that in that post exercise meal you know this is probably well you know I advocate a lot for you know food first approaches but food first doesn't mean food only and sometimes people you know let's see I'm like no that's it's crazy you right? My only point we're using a food first approach is that everybody likes to go to supplements right that's this where they want to go to that way but it's like well first you know think about this but for an endurance athlete you know it's not like I said for them I think we do they do need to use something that's rapidly we need to get those amino acids in circulation quick isolated food proteins are going to be the best at it right and so you know obviously when you co-injust carbohydrate with even isolated food source you're going to reduce that acute amplitude of change so you're going to in terms of the losing profile and amino acid profile so I always I think you know we need to test this experiment only I think having a rapid source of amino acids carbide rate blend immediately after that endurance exercise boat will help and then return to that food if you can depending on your training you need a mode of training then that's where you can return back to that food food first approach but I think that timing of that initial meal is real important for them right the overall amount they're probably fine on that's my point because endurance athletes plenty of food protein on a daily basis but where I think they might not be understanding is that that post exercise window for them is is is probably important to help them recover losing that balance and support that attitude yeah I mean when we get on the grounds of I mean we haven't done yeah I mean what we need to understand now where do some manipulation of sources um to see you know to see if you know again I usually you know it's always interesting way always got supported as being the best food protein but when you look when you look at some of E-Bore's work he's shown that casing right for a weight lift or most likely is probably not that he's studied weightlifting but arguably is probably really you know do the prolonged nature of some slowly releasing food protein hopefully which will do the same it's probably better for protein balance throughout a prolonged recovery period right but for some reason the weight lift is really like way but really the concentration yeah something that's more prolonged release for private better but for a weightler for an endurance athlete I think the way or something really fast is going to be really important for them so physical structure we can manipulate the food matrix by you know Lucas done brilliant work in that area cooking food right midsine up the food right we're I've been more interested in it's trying to take advantage of the nutrient nutrient interactions with the food to potentially the use of the dietary amino acids right trying to optimize a food right so trying to prevent I think I talked about earlier that you know you just eat isolated food protein you can use ways of example right it's not that interesting because it's just amino acids right so what's to do it was boom in terms of it's a post-prandual amino acids spike right that big spike you're going to get a lot of amino acids in quite quickly but you're also going to get a big signal for oxidation right food is kind of cool is because it's it's more prolonged right so you're not getting that big Lucy in oxidative spike in the beginning of the post-prandual period within that first two hours but some of our work has also shown that we can potentially the use of the amino acids within a meal I mean we showed this by eating you know whole eggs versus egg whites right so eating whole eggs potentially the the antibody which mods more so than eating nice so the trogis of mal of egg white right which was interesting I did I thought that was fascinating well I remember uh uh not the third loop I am loon under the bus he was like because this was one of when I got the Illinois you know we were doing some carbohydrate co-investance stuff with him he's like you already know it's not going to make a difference you're right or we did some fat co-injussian but the cool stuff for that was what we're doing we were taking isolated fat and isolated um casin because one of my big missions over with Luke was trying to make casin more anabolic right so we were adding we were trying to do different co-injussian strategies and one of the strategies was hey what happens when we add lipids to casin can we potentially aid the animal response and we couldn't right so it was interesting when when we ate a whole egg we actually were able to participate it do you think it's because it's not based on the macronutrients it's based on say the the other additional compounds in there yeah so yeah that's the million dollar question right um you always say in that whole egg study what's in that egg if I knew that then I could make a super egg right it's in there like full not full is not full is statin but there's something that they someone sent it to me it was a compound in the egg that was supposed to be very yeah I'm not ball like I can have I mean we tried to understand it we you know we we tried we couldn't identify something and we followed that up with the same in study where we fed after weightlifting the young adults 20 grams so I literally it was funny I had a salmon flew in because I want to be a piece of salmon right and so I we butcher it up and then we sent that piece of salmon so all the participants had the same salmon right so we we sent that salmon away to get analyzed and then we we figured out all the cool stuff and salmon and then what we did was we re-engineered that salmon and isolated beverage so we had salmon versus isolated nutrients fascinating and then you know I think I was underpowered but we saw an effect size it was trending that way that salmon potigated the animal response more than eating the same macronutrients and free form that's a kind of all right yeah so I was like as probably something with this lipid dense food matrix and this is more this is more recent work I'm trying to understand so this was this was in a abstract form this is the opposite review right now so one of the things I was interested in was a lipid rich meat matrix right so that's an interesting point in that you know when I was thinking about that right in egg and salmon never sort of really untouched really we didn't process it all I mean it comes right ready to eat directly right but we were thinking about even a dairy matrix or even a meat matrix especially when it's ground right what do they do they they sort of they ground up the meat and then they add in fat trimmings to try to make it more or less you know lipid rich or lean but I was interested okay when we take a lipid dense food matrix or yeah lipid dense and protein dense food matrix in the form of ground meat is that going to help the post-exercise animal response right versus a lean source of meat because our work suggested that a lipid dense food matrix is is really important to help potentiate a weight lifters, a mire for brille approaches to that response what we showed was that actually the lipid rich so that 80% meat ground meat so that's common right there's 80 and then there's in terms of the 80-20 blend if you will that actually impaired the post-exercise muscle response compared to the source of meat so I switch to entrogenous right so in this case eating a lipid dense food matrix made up of ground meat immediately after the exercise boat impaired the animal response versus a lean matrix which is exact contrast to what we showed with the eggs and salmon yeah so but the same amount yeah everything was like so entrogenous right so there's something what that lipid dense food matrix in the form of a ground meat and again I think it's because we played around with that matrix right it's no longer right we manipulate that not I mean that's the ground meat matrix right in terms of its physics I mean that's how it comes it is interesting but do you think it's way I have to think about this is this do you think it's because of the the actual grinding or do you think that it's because it was because that exists essentially in nature right if you won't egg and the salmon I mean when we direct that that was like I said on process the meat was heavily processed right so Lucas shown that like I said mitsin meat process saying yeah it is and it usually helps that gesture yeah that's right and Lucas showed that comparing mits to meat versus a ground steak right so this comparison was an 8020 blend of ground meat versus a lean portion of piece of ground meat okay so I so entrogenous and then a carbohydrate control but the um so this was post exercise and sort of goes in the face of what I just said but I said earlier that after weight lifting the kind of protein you know the best kind of protein he is kind you put in your mouth but in this case we saw we saw a blunted the response okay and so this was showing me that again because sometimes people want to argue that you know I've had this before in the review process well you already showed a lipid dense food matrix works but I was ask crazy I mean you got a test different food matrix seems to truly understand it right and here's example where a lipid dense food matrix actually blunted the post exercise animal response right and it's because you know like I said I think the pins on the extent of processing that's occurring I think in this case you know and one of the mechanisms behind this you know when we look at the you know unlike the salmon or the egg this whole loosey and trigger hypothesis right the salmon or the egg or the salmon or the egg losing trigger hypothesis didn't matter at all right obviously with the isolated food sources you're going to get a bigger losing spike but yet we saw a bigger animal response in the the egg in the salmon conditions but in this case when we do the correlations between the C max of the peak losing concentrations in relation to the animal response there's a strong strong correlation right so the losing trigger hypothesis mattered for this ground pork situation doesn't matter for so it depends on the food is my point so it has always this question of some kind of loss I always get out how significant is the losing trigger hypothesis which depends depends on the food depends on who you are depends for a young how much muscle mass you got it's it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a memory I we've never really talked about it in that kind of detail yeah it's fascinating do you have a hypothesis as to what it could be or why I did but you know maybe we'll say that for another guy the cliff came down I can't give you all my tips of dricks yeah that is so fascinating yeah yeah no I thought it was interesting I thought I thought well because I'm always advocating I've been around talking about the food matrix and this was funny in this case with the ground pork matrix I was wrong right and my students I don't know if I mentioned it here on this podcast but my I have some students who are you know I'm pretty easy going so they just tell me what they feel the other day they were like they keep in wrong on your last three hypotheses and I'm just like I'm just like but that makes it fun right yeah I mean when you're one of the one of the things I was wrong about was that some of the vegan stuff because originally I thought an animal based meal was going to be better on the animal response than vegan based meals right but in my defense I did design that study that was recently published in 2017 just didn't get published recently so the sort of the environment changed a little bit from here and there but yeah so I mean that's it's a something you know I always think about and I wish you're as these clean on and off switches but there's really not right these precision nutrition notions especially with the performance nutrition you can give these overarching sort of recommendations but it really depends and that's sort of some of the concepts you were making as a practitioner it's hard right because each each situation's going to be a little different recommendation I think you just it's yeah it's cool we're getting more information on it we'll figure it out well I'll be on standby as you continue to get the kinetics of all the food matrix yes there you go and be here for a while okay yeah really it really is extraordinary and I think that your work I'm really exciting I know that you're interested in a lot of the performance I am fascinated to know over time if you ever look at this but the food matrix within OB skills or muscle yeah actually you're like this actually yeah we got we just completed that study but right in that paper up now so we to your point can we use the food matrix as a clinical tool to help overcome animal persistence so take advantage because what so I didn't really mention it because it's sort of a byproduct array of the in terms of the animal persistence of all the stuff we're talking about some of the factors mechanistically ultimately those are contributing to inflammation right chronic low grade inflammation so how can we manipulate a food matrix to to take advantage or try to help modulate some of those mechanisms and help correct animal persistence yeah so I didn't mention that work yeah we're hopefully my students at home finishing up that manuscript now so we did we did we did address that question recently is that a cliffhanger or better be another cliffhanger yeah I'm dying to know I'm dying to know how we use certain foods yeah to overcome that yeah the pens well Dr. Nick bird thank you so much for coming yeah happy to be here it's been fun it's it's really eye opening and and I think that you you challenge a lot of scientific thinking and you challenge yourself and I think it's really noble okay I appreciate that yeah like I said thank you for giving the opportunity to to talk to everyone yeah it's always fun if this episode made you rethink what you thought you knew about obesity and protein good because building muscle isn't about following trends it's about understanding your body's real needs and how they change with time stress and training whether you're optimizing for strength body composition longevity or recovery Dr. Bird's work shows that details matter timing quality distribution vegan non vegan and yes even the way you pair your foods if someone you love is doing all the things quote right and still not making progress send them this episode it might be the insight they've been missing thank you for being here see you next time