People have asked me before. Were you ever in a situation where you really afraid? Like, not by or something. And I answer them quite honestly. No. What makes a Navy CL not normal? One of the biggest reasons why guys like us don't suffer from anxiety is because what is paramilitary? You're talking about operations that are less overt, usually done secretly in areas that perhaps the public isn't as much aware of. That would be the vanilla definition of that to go any more precise, I'd be concerned about saying too much. The sacrifice that our military families make is as big than the actual member. Because they're the ones who have to sit home and hold the bag. Courage is impossible in the absence of fear. You can have a group of Navy Cilles and a gunfight with Al Qaeda in Afghanistan who are in that moment feeling less fear than the eight-year-old you just asked us to step in front of the class and introduce themselves. Fear is entirely subjected to the uniting. If you gave people one piece of advice, they want to become tougher. What would that piece of advice do? That's a great question and I would say, I would say... Uh... Rich Chivini, welcome to the show. Thank you. Thank you for having me. I'm really excited. You and I are friends. You came to you, spoke it, our event, and you've floored everyone as a former commander, Navy CL. Yeah. Thank you. It was a great event. Great people. So... What makes a Navy CL not normal? It's a great question and I would say, I would say, probably only a couple things, because we are after all human beings. And I always, I always endeavor. My whole endeavor is to take the CLs off the pedestal, so I can translate what we actually do. But I think what makes us not normal, IE allows us to get through the selection course is our ability to manage our autonomic rousal, our state and the ability to compartmentalize in a way that allows for performance under just extreme chaos and deress. In those moments of extreme chaos and deress, we don't get more excited. We actually get calmer. And I think that's one of the elements that allows someone to even make it through training, and that just translates, and the profession itself, hyperdeveloped set of ability. So I think there's one key thing. I think that's what makes Seals not normal. I live with one, so I would. And he's not normal, just like all of a sudden. Quite frankly pretty annoying. I think to myself, could you please get stressed out about this? Yeah. Who's the best? Yeah, you know, and I, you know, funny, because I, in the prep for this, I saw, I watched a couple of the clips you sent, and I saw that one guy talking about the difference between Seals and Delta and CIA, about paramilitary. And, and I, he wasn't, you know, he certainly had some nuances. He was, he wasn't wrong about things, but I think he was not specific enough, because comparing them is like comparing apples and oranges, and bananas. They all, all the elements have different specialties. And really, you can't even compare Seals holistically to Delta, because not all Seals, if you're going to compare Delta to anybody, compared to Seal Team 6, which is specific command that's at Delta's level. So with a specific mission. So, but all this to say, I think Seals are, their, their medals, their mission essential tasks are such that the, its direct action, its waterborne operations, that that comes with a, a very unique skill set and attribute set to be able to deal and live in and out of the water. I think the army guys, you know, we could just talk about Delta, those guys are, and Delta is a, and the question is who is the best, CIA Delta or Seals? I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm. The best that what? That's the thing. If you, if you, if you, said best that at waterborne operations, seals hands down. If it's the best at airline aircraft take down and hostage rescue style stuff with airlines, it's Delta. If it's, if it's the best at paramilitary operations, it's CIA. I think the mistake people make when they think special operations is that everybody's kind of all the same, but just different military services, but the unique and, and the, the most special thing about the special operations is that every unit comes with it, a specialty green braze are awesome at their, their primary duty is fit for an tournament. They're primary duty. For an internal defense, basically going in and training other units or insurgents to carry out missions. So they do it better than anybody else. The Rangers, their primary mission is airfield take downs, mass, mass level style take downs. That no one does it better than them. So seals is all waterborne. No one takes down ships the same way seals do. Or gets girls. Or gets girls. Or I will, I will, I will concede that in recent years seals have won the popularity contest. Now that's not, I mean, you certainly has to do with the missions that were very public, but also the fact that yes, many of us do right books. And although my books aren't seal books, there are many seal books out there. And so, so yeah, I will concede that when it comes to the Hollywood stuff, we are, we are well deserving of all the, all the shit we get from the other units. That's, that's really funny. You make a really good point at the best at what. And again, the joke is, and of course, I'm married to seals. I can make these jokes. The guys are knuckle draggers. Yeah. Meaning not highly intelligent, but really the muscle. The reality is these are highly intelligent guys. When I went through seal training and anybody, the audience probably knows enough about it, but Navy seals holistically as a force only a small percentage of jaw officers. And that, you know, so I was an officer that's a very small percentage. So out of the entire force, maybe only 10 percent are officers. The rest most Navy seals are enlisted guys. When I went through buds, almost half of the enlisted guys in my Buds class had college degrees. So we're not, so I don't like the misnomer. Certainly we have knuckle draggers in the community. But there was a rocket site. There was a enlisted guy who had studied rocket science. Again, how do you measure intelligence? What does intelligence look like? In the CIA, paramilitary vein intelligence looks like one thing. You put a guy under water having to navigate to a target and do stuff. That's a whole other level of intelligence. I think the nuances are funny, of course. And we could say this anything about marines or the army. There's certainly a nice amount of material inside of which we can all tease each other. But the generalizations, I don't agree with it all. What is paramilitary? Well paramilitary is really those operations that are conducted outside of your regular U.S. military. I won't say per view, but certainly overtonists. You're talking about operations that are less overt, usually done secretly and usually done in areas that perhaps the public isn't as much aware of. That would be the vanilla definition of that to go any more precise. I'd be concerned about saying too much, but it's just those things we don't. We don't talk about as much and it's usually in the shadows, I guess. Yeah. Which those kind of operations seem to be necessary. They are necessary. And by the way, a lot of the spec ops units do at least some version of that to some degree. Certainly, that certainly as you go up the chain, the CIA probably is the premiere. But spec ops is about at least an element of that. What paramilitary is not what we were doing in Iraq and Afghanistan. Those were overt special operations missions that were completely the expectation of what guys like us needed to do. So. Guys like us, there is a reality of deployment. Yeah. And there is the amazing Hollywood story. What the seals do, what the CIA does, what the Delta's do. But there is a dark side. And I'd love to know how that affects you, psychologically. There's many ways that affects us. And I think there's also a difference there. You came into the community at a time as I lived the community where deployments were very kinetic. And so to deploy meant you were going overseas and you were going to be conducting combat operations. Period end of story. I joined the teams in 1996. The first five years are my career. I did a couple deployments. We did nothing. We just deployed it basically to deploy for presence. It's called deploying for presence. Or you're just sitting somewhere waiting to be to have something happen. Most deployments outside of our combat time. I've either war or like that. That still comes with it. A element of uniqueness and stress because you have to leave your family. And you don't know what's going on. And you have to get reduced to this idea that you're going to be gone for this long. And your family has to get used to that idea that you're going to be gone for that long. So that in of itself carries a level of stress and hardship that I think when we thank our service members for their service, whether they're a Navy seal or whether they're an ad been person. I think part of the joint combined sacrifices, the fact that we're asking folks to leave their families for long periods of time so that they can go do things in places. Whether they're actually conducting combat operations or supporting them. But being away from their family, that's part of the that's one of the biggest sacrifices. The combat deployments add on to that this concern and worry that my family member is going out and they are going to be in the thick of it actually. And so again, I think that carries and you can probably attest to this. That carries more stress and anxiety for the home front than it does the actual operator. So the way just we for us it's work and we don't worry about we don't worry ourselves over that stuff but the family they they suffer quite a bit. I wanted to take a moment to let you know about something new we've created. It's called forever strong insider and it's the premium subscription to the Dr. Gabriel Lion Show. As a forever strong insider every week, you'll get ad free episodes written summaries with key takeaways to help you retain the most important insights from the show. A community Q&A segment where you can submit your own questions for upcoming guests. We're going to call this the strong seat and behind the scenes content, a closer look at how I prepare, train, travel and navigate daily life. Go to foreverstrong.supercast.com. Let's keep getting stronger together. I married Shane he was still some husband for those of you who are new to listening or watching on YouTube. He served 10 years as a seal. He went in after 9-11. He was very inspired and felt like he needed to do something. When we got married he was states I'd he was actually teaching at the schoolhouse. I want to be careful about what I say and how I say it but he was teaching trauma for special operations. Trauma medicine working extremely long hours was doing night school before going to medical school. I was alone and pregnant in New York City. I did the majority of the pregnancy alone in living in a small studio apartment, traveling on the subway. It was an interesting experience and as I was going through my first pregnancy I'm thinking you know, thank God he's not deployed but it's it is not easy. There was no one to rub my feet. I tell you you bring up a great point because my wife talks about too. There's sometimes especially with the seal skating popularity. There's a romanticization that comes a lot of women who's like, oh maybe seal. As my wife will say no no it's no picnic and the reason is because even when we're at home we're working on stop. We're going away for training we're not as present as you can be. I think that also comes with this idea that there's nothing it's a tough job. It's a tough business. It's a complete commitment. When you're at home you're training and that training often keeps you, you know you can't it's hard to train for night operations during the day. So guess what that means? That means you're doing a lot of training after dark which means you're getting home late. In chainskase that type of trauma training. I mean that you know he was doing things in the city there that had to it required him to be out at night because that's where a lot of the stuff goes down. And so the sacrifice that our military families make is as big. If not more so then the actual member because they're the ones who have to sit home and hold the bag and wonder and keep their mouth shut and not and be okay with not talking every day. And that's one of the secrets. You know when you're on the plumb of my wife and I figured out real fast even though we had the luxury of being able to talk on the phone calling every day was a mistake because it's set up an expectation and by the way if something happens or if you're delayed or something, something random and you don't make that call guess what's happening at home. There's wonder, there's there's there's worry plus it actually extends the deployment because you're just your horizons. We'll talk about who the horizon but your horizons are just going day to day versus anything else. So our secret was, you know, don't talk every day maybe we talk once a week and email once in a while but and make it somewhat random. Make the relationship in the connection somewhat random is what I heard you say. Yeah. Totally the opposite of what we would think of maintaining a healthy marriage. Yeah. Yeah. How does one in your position? Someone who trains up mentally, right? If we were to frame this up for the listener and also the women listening and the guys because guys want to be tough. Yes. You know we open this with what makes an ABC on non-normal. And the reality is you guys aren't normal and I don't want to bunch you in with quote the guys but the reality is there are certain attributes and you talk about this in your first book that allows someone to be successful and one of those attributes from being with you know Shane for the last seven or so years is the things that make a close connected marriage don't necessarily exist with a quote team guy. Right. Right. That was the being one of those. empathy. empathy but being able to emotionally engage. And what do I mean by emotionally engage? From my experience and I really want to hear your perspective on this, a healthy marriage requires a close connection and an ability to breach the emotional perimeter. Yeah. But by nature and while Shane is extremely loving and caring, there would be definitely a lack of if I'm stressed or having anxiety about this or how this business is going, what about that? It doesn't even register. Yeah. The shared empathy. So part of, okay, so part of what Kristen and I don't even very 24 years. So we got married in 2001. So I was only a seal for five years. So we live the war together raised two boys. And so part of what we have explored as we went through it and since then is that first thing is we have to really learn and understand this idea of appreciation for each other. That appreciation can be garnered in many different ways but one of those ways is in the absence you know. And so we began to frame the absence in a different way. Instead of and she was very good at this and you know, if you were here, she'd tell you she had to really tell herself like explicitly. Instead of being pissed off at him for not being here, why don't I reframe it and say, hey, I'm he's away. I'm I get to do all this but also I appreciate we we the absence we we really hammered home this absence makes it a hard growth on her type thing. Because honestly, we would towards the end of the filament get to this position where coming home was like, I mean, I don't remember having the excitement of of a kid on Christmas morning. Yeah, the the only way I could replicate my the replicate my feeling is a kid on Christmas Eve was coming home for an opponent because that that absence piece. In terms of the way we relate as partners when we're together, I think that's a willingness for each person to understand and see each other for where they are and for each partner to grow and move a little bit, move the line a little bit. Shane has had to become at least a little bit more empathetic. I'm sure he has. You've had to come off of that. You've had to be okay with a lack of that to a certain degree as have Christian and I and so and so I think we have to recognize that marriage, whether it's seal marriage or any marriage, you know, if you want to go the long haul, you have to recognize that and understand and appreciate the fact that we are going to change his human things. One of the things that always gets me when I hear about couples getting divorced is when they say something like, well, he's not the same person I married 10 years ago or she's not the same person. I was like, no shit, you know, I mean, Christian, I was, you know, 28 and she was 29 or something. I mean, absolutely not the same person and for good that, you know, that's that's a good thing, but we have evolved together. Her attributes, her personality, everything about her has moved, has helped me move the line and become better. I become more empathetic as as I've grown older as I've grown old. Well, I mean, first of all, kids helps, you know, really, I can tell that's all. I mean, I mean, good people are interested in I, when we first got very, we went to see finding Nemo and and I remember watching the movie as a great movie. I mean, Pixar does a great job and I remember her just sobbing at the issues just crying at the end. I was like, wow, that's, that's an interesting reaction. I was, of course, moved, I thought it was cool, moved, but I wasn't emotionally moved. And then I had kids and I watched it again and suddenly I was, now I'm older and I joke with some of my older team, even team guy friends, like, I'll sometimes watch commercials and, you know, now part of that is my empathy is moved. Part of that, I think is is when you go through such a such a, and I say traumatic, but such a really visceral experience when you live a war and you lose friends and you see, and there's a lot of things that happen. I think I think that our, our natural tendency to compartmentalize those feelings, my buddy and I call it, we get, we get these empathy, these bursts, these empathy bursts, where you're sitting there, you're watching a course on Sunday or you're emotionally moved, you know, where the hell did that come from? Well, I think part of it is yes, you're empathy's changed, but also part of it is your, your releasing things that might be pent up a little bit. So all of this is I know of, I've drifted a little bit, but I think I think a real understanding of each other and a true love of each other's soul allows for that evolution to take place. And yeah, it's frustrating. I'm still frustrating to you and Shane get frustrated, Chris, and I get frustrated. It's going to happen. No, I never have frustrated with them. Lyr. But it, you know, there's challenges, challenges with deployment, challenges with training, and you're on a very noble mission, in my opinion, which is why I'm so grateful to have you sitting here talking and what I believe your mission is is to really make the world better and understand your very cerebral time, understand how we can live in a very uncertain world with more steadiness. Yeah, that is absolutely. And one of the things I recognized just in the profession was that we as seals had the ability to do this. We had the ability to move through uncertainty, challenges, stress fairly deftly, and I began to wonder how and why. And as I began to think about it and research it and learn more about it, both the practical tools and the neuroscience, I recognize that this was not limited to Navy seals. There's actually human stuff. And that's what drives me. Once you start putting science behind stuff, you start realizing, oh, this is not Navy seal. This is human. And then once a human, you can teach people. You can show people. You can remind people. Ultimately, I think the one of my main drive, two main drivers for this content. That is one, help people deal with uncertainty, challenge stress when it hits you without warning. That's always going to happen. And that's great if we can march, if we can have some confidence that when something happens, I'll be okay. I think in fact, that's true confidence to know, hey, whatever it goes on, I'll handle it. But the more important thing in my mind and the more the thing that drives me more is is by understanding these tools and these practices, you can more deliberately step into challenge uncertainty. You can deliberately cross that line, that comfort line, because all of our growth, all of our discovery, all of our evolution happens outside of our comfort zone. And if we are unwilling to step outside of our comfort zone, we will not grow. We will not discover we will not at all. And we will not even explore our potential because our potential lies outside our comfort zone as well. So the ability to make a deliberate choice to step outside your comfort zone, but because you have the confidence in these in this content, these tools is really what drives me, because that's really what's accelerating human potential. And I love that. Have you seen that happen? Yes. Yeah, I've seen that happen on many, and I get a lot of feedback from folks who read the book or get the content in which book attributes or master some of the books. Well, I mean, the attributes really was the feedback I got was really more of an exploration of self, which I love. I know so much more about myself and why I do the things they do and my teammates and why they do the things they do. And that continues to be a driving for that book. The master's uncertainty book, I've gotten feedback and the cool thing is some feedback from all ages, all genders people saying, hey, this has really helped me deal with X or Y or what's going on. And that's a myriad of things that I hear. And that's I love that because or you also, I also hear, I've actually been doing this all along, but now I know exactly what I'm doing. I can talk, I can explain what I'm doing, which also really jazzed me because once you can explain it, you can again teach it to others. You can show it to others and you can replicate it and you can practice it. So that's what's been cool. Hydration isn't just about drinking, co-zero or other sugar-free, sweet beverages like breadball. Now I'm saying this for a friend. Or it's not even about drinking more water. It's about keeping the right balance of electrolytes and fluids. During life's most demanding season, like I don't know parenting, maybe pregnancy or postpartum, your body is going through massive changes, blood volume increases, hormones shift, breastfeeding demands, you know, all those things. All of these life transitions, you probably need more and better hydration and you need electrolytes, like sodium, magnesium, and potassium. Elements is formulated to replenish what you actually lose without sugar, fillers, and junk that you don't need. It's a clean, effective way to stay hydrated. And for men, again, it's not just about hydration. It's also about performance, recovery, mental clarity, and yes, even energy. Whether you're hitting the gym, chasing kids, or grinding through your workday, maybe even your teeth, dehydration can quietly sabotage your focus and endurance. Elements helps you stay sharp, strong, and ready. We use element because it works. Taste amazing and it's no nonsense, just science, but hydration that actually makes a difference. And right now, element is offering a free sample pack with any purchase that's eight flavors to try on the house. Go to drink lmnt.com slash doctor line to claim yours. That's drink lmnt.com slash doctor line. Stay hydrated, stay strong, and as Goggins would say, stay hard. I took your attributes test. I would recommend anyone listening to take the attributes test. In fact, everyone has taken the attributes test on my team. Except for Matt, the producer, this videographer over here has not taken the test. I was shocked to see my number on attribute. I can't remember which one was. Humility. Yeah. That doesn't surprise me at all. Yeah. I was surprised by my top attributes. Yeah. And then thinking about the team and then comparing it to my husbands. And what I learned was there's different compatibility at work versus at home, but the person isn't the same. Yes. So what's interesting about the attributes and some of it takes just like your one through 41 attributes ranked from your first top all the way down your bottom. A couple of things that's interesting is first of all that it has nothing to do with scores. So the scores just help with the ranking. And what it also highlights is that you are we are in absence of none of these attributes. We have all of them. So you have your four, I can't remember what your 41st was, but your 41st you have. It's just you prioritize all the other attributes before that. You know, ahead of that. That list is how you act without thinking. That's you at your most role. What we're constantly doing in everyday life with our attributes when there's not a lot of uncertainty challenges stress or even minimal is we're dialing up or dialing down those attributes so we are going into an environment and if you're low on patients you're deliberately dialing up your patients or if you're high on one of my friends team guy, his number one was humor, not surprising. I said do you have to sometimes dial down your humor because the situation is like, oh yes, all the time because the joke I want to tell is completely inappropriate. So he's deliberately dialing down is actually we do this when we're able to consciously do it. It doesn't happen as easily or if at all at our most role. So the cool thing about the attributes is just shows you who you are at your most role and then it gives you an idea of how and when you're dialing these up or dialing them. That's what aids in anybody's ability to perform better. You know, we recently were in Coronado for vacation first week. I just missed you by the way. I did you record Coronado so I was there last week so it was we were at the hotel dole. I have it there. I have yes. Yes. And they have a new training facility and we were there. Buds was not happening at the time. So Buds is that selection process. Can you tell us a little bit about Buds and the follow-up question is athleticism? Yeah. Athleticism isn't the biggest predictor if someone can become a Navy seal or not. I want to know why. Yes. So first Bud's basic underwater demolition slash shield training is where regular Navy guys, few girls are allowed but none have been a three-year go to become Navy seals. About an 85% attrition rate roughly on average. How many people typically go through? So typically like my class for example and this is a typical number star with 170 we graduated 35. So that's typical numbers. Six months long and has the it's all it all sucks but the infamous hell week is is week five where that's where you get the most quiters that where you start on a Sunday you go all the way till that following Friday during which you you only sleep for about two hours. So the entire week so you're constantly on the on the go. I was with Robert and he was saying that actually they tell you guys they let you sleep but I don't know if you if you register if it registers or you. He said that he wakes him up after five minutes. Yeah that's right and then people think that they're sleeping. Yes. Oh yeah that's but that's part of the hell of hell week. No that sounds like having a newborn boy. Yeah so no it's sure yeah there's a whole separate whole separate hell few months that goes on when one one has a newborn. So why does athleticism not is not why is athleticism not a predictor of success it's because athleticism on its own is is a very certain endeavor whether it be sport whether it be just working out those who are very well and and I would say athleticism also has to do with your ability to the aptitude you have in sports okay I was never I never considered myself an athlete. I played lacrosse in high school I never considered myself an athlete. I was okay I look Ross I think athleticism has to do with your ability to kind of conduct yourself in the sports environment. It also has to do with being in shape but I think even being in shape is not a single predictor because that act of getting into super shape and being super fit is again a very certain act. I mean you have to be it has to be disciplined you have to go to the gym every day you have to work out every day you have to you have to do the thing every day. Buds is and the other thing I'll I'll say is is a lot of athletes when they're especially in collegiate athletes athletics the the goal is always to be hitting the field at a hundred percent and and an athlete will do everything in his or her power to get themselves to a hundred percent so that they can hit the field at their best okay everything about Buds is we're gonna take you to zero and what do you got at zero and so it is it becomes hey we're gonna make you so many pushups that you can't do anymore you can barely move what do you have and so they they almost mitigate the athleticism to see where your mind goes so Buds is a mental this is why you have sometimes this division one athletes going to Buds and quitting within the first week meanwhile the the kid from the farm who's done nothing in terms of sports and flies through because it's a mental thing so so Buds is designed to test your mental capacity now you have to be in shape to be able to do what they're asking you to do so so you have to still be in shape enough to do the thing but but rest assured it's not about it's not about the physical it's about the mental do you have to be taken to zero in every day life to see what you're made of no not at all you no I wouldn't say you should I think I think if there is first well first of all we are all as human beings taking to zero in different ways some some extraordinarily traumatic which I wouldn't wish upon my worst enemy others people just throw themselves into a Spartan race or some like that or go to Buds so there's different ways you can get to zero I would say a couple things first of all you don't have to get all the way to zero you have to you have to you have to really be willing to stretch yourself and move outside your comfort zone to a degree that you feel like oh actually I just accomplished something you'll know it you'll know when you go outside your comfort zone and you make it through so I don't know if that's true well I think it is because you get a dopamine roar for every time when you when you do something really hard and again hard is subjected to the individual I mean you know hard for a person who's been sedentary their whole life might be I'm going to walk up the 10 flights of stairs instead of taking elevator for you and I that's like oh I mean I could run up 10 flights of safe but that's hard for them and so when they accomplish that they're going to feel the reward you and I might not feel the reward but they will and so I think we have to be always cognizant of the subjectivity of what hard is and encourage people to do hard things getting in the ice bath for me is hard every single time that's why I do winter how weak or summer yeah I was November so I was winter yeah it was not January but it was still cold it was considered in that in that zone getting the ice bath is hard every single time I do it I don't want to do it I dread it I just don't like it that's that's still something hard same thing when I do my my I do you know Virginia Beachwalk but I do my sprints with my weight fest up Mount Trashmore that big hill I dread that too but I do it because it's hard so I think we need to encourage ourselves to push because we know you know the interior mid-singulate cortex that's the part of the brain that they've discovered that neuroscientists realize that when it's it's activated when you do hard things you do things you don't want to do it's activated and then in fact grows the more you do that and it's been linked to a the ability to do hard things more frequently and b was really cool it's been linked to longevity so you actually the more you tickle that part of your brain the longer you live so so it's not only good for us as human beings to do hard things it's in terms of just a day-to-day life it's good just for your longevity to do hard things and so oh oh sorry it's time to record an ad for the show thank you to one of the sponsors of the show timeline and listen my kids still sleep with me and after 470 nighttime snack requests bathroom my husband snoring myself they're like a yo-jee we're tapped out enter might appear time line nutrition is one of the most thoroughly research products I've come across an over a decade look to carry in my purse they have peer reviewed published science and this is where it's really interesting so for those of you who are following the muscle center lifestyle when you increase bio energetics you improve muscle function and how in adults 40 plus timeline has been shown to increase muscle strength and endurance and no change in activity so whether you've been active resistance training your whole life or you're just getting started or you're not getting a lot of sleep and you've got a million requests your muscles and your mitochondria need help and they have just launched their low sugar vegan non-gMO gluten free gummies which by the way I am eating by the handfills which I shouldn't but they taste delicious time line is offering our community 20% off your first order go to timeline nutrition.com slash doctor lion and use the code doctor line to get 20% off I recommend trying their starter pack with all three different formats it's kind of course their gummies which are physically hard things there is a beginning and an end yes sprinting yes ice baths you name it mentally hard things that seems like that's much more difficult to push I'll give you an example I thought that doing a book launch would be hard or writing a book and doing all the things that come with it and in retrospect I think well was it hard or speaking in front of thousands of people is that hard and I find myself and maybe you can relate if I find myself questioning is that really hard or where is the edge and how am I stretching myself I find that if it is mental it's much more challenging to pull that lever yeah I totally agree I totally agree because that's where everything starts and I will I will can see that we can work out in a way that adds the mental piece to it but this is also why we need to take advantage of the lives we live we are as human being subjecting ourselves and life is subjecting us to uncertainty challenge address all the time hard stuff all the time it's our job to recognize that and don't mope and don't complain and don't brush it off like it's something you want to forget understand it live it feel it and learn from it and I think just take marriages example I mean christen and I I mean we get and healthy marriage married couples get into arguments those are hard those things suck those it sucks when you're in it and ability to recognize that in the moment or at least sometimes it's tough in the moment but certainly as soon after the moment is possible as hey this is a challenge let's step let's lean into that and let's make sure we make it work that's recognizing hard stuff the delayed or canceled flights during travel those are hard things that you have to work through these are these are what I call little tragedies that are allowing us to practice our horizon shifting practice our resilience muscles in these little moments so that we get good when the shit happens that we haven't we haven't anticipate or that really big bad stuff happens but all of us every single one of us a human beings can tell at least at least one or two or three stories throughout their lives were man that was a shitty time and it's it's incumbent on us if we didn't do it back then to look back at those and ask ourselves okay what did I do how to perform how to write behave what can I learn so that the next shitty thing that happens you can actually start stepping through with more confidence would you say it's about mastering those little tragedies it's about mastering the tools that get you through those little tragedies which time we get into so so one of the biggest things that inhibits our performance is fear because fear is this you know again it's this motion that it tickles the amygdala it gets our autonomic arousal engaged our brain begins to do weird things as as our autonomic arousal goes up our frontal lobe the decision making part of our brain begins to actually start taking a backseat toward limbic brain which is the emotional part of our brain and in the extreme cases a migillal hijack or autonomic overload we are it's a case where that frontal lobe has taken our complete backseat and we are in limbic decision making other words we're acting without thinking it's this this stuff comes in very handy when we're jumping out of the way the moving train or running from the bear but in most scenarios in life we want to actually engage our frontal lobe so we can decide we can actually move through and decide that so you know Andrew he remember our good friends we we met each other after as soon as I got out of the navy we did a lot of work together on this he was still running his fear lab and so what we did together we started studying for he was studying fear kind of from a neuroscientic level and we began to kind of explore what guys like navy seals do to actually step through this one of the things we we hypothesized is that fear is in fact a combination of two factors it's a combination of uncertainty plus anxiety when you have either one of those without the other you don't necessarily have fear so you can be anxious without being uncertain that might mean I'm going to give a presentation next week I know the presentation I know the people I'm giving it to at work so I'm a little anxious but there's no uncertainty there there's no fear you can be uncertain without being anxious well that's ever be uncertain without being anxious that's every kid on Christmas Eve okay so there's no fear there when you combine the two that's when you start to get fear and so the strategy from move and that's the type of uncertainty we're talking about by the way we're talking about the uncertainty that adds anxiety that equals fear none of us have any concern about the uncertainty about Christmas Eve okay the way we begin to move through that is we buy down either the uncertainty or the anxiety or both all right and so buying down uncertainty is a very specific set of tools that I talk about in the book and this this means what it what it what it looks to do is it looks to generate certainty in an unknown uncertain environment you you anchor on something in generator immediate certainty what I mean by that in any environment our brain is always trying to figure out what's going on our our brain seeks certainty so it's trying to figure out what's going on most of the time in an environment it's it's through three factors three distinct factors duration how long this is going to last pathway what's my route in out or through and then I'll come what's the end state here if we are an absence of one or more of those we start to feel that that uncertainty rise of often anxiety comes with it let's take we'll just take illness as an example a strep throat as an illness we all know there's actually an antibiotic you can take if we get strep throat we are only an absence of one of the three we have the pathway that's the antibiotic we have the outcome I'm going to get better what we don't necessarily have his duration because antibiotics might work a little bit faster on you than they do for me so we're an absence of one or uncertainty levels mod now let's talk about the flu also a known illness nowadays and today society most people recover from the flu they don't die from the flu however when we have the flu we are in an absence of two factors we know the outcome we're going to get better but there's no known thing you can take for the flu so there's no known pathway there's a lot of people who have ideas but there's no codified way so we're in absence of pathway or an absence of duration anxieties or uncertainty level is moderate now let's imagine a disease shows up no one's ever seen before start spreading across a planet some people are dying some people aren't dying no known vaccine we don't know how long it's going to be doing this enter 2020 this is how why in when COVID hit all of us were feeling the way we felt because we were in absence of all three of these all this process we call like all moving horizons does is it basically allows you to pick something and ask yourself what do I know we'll cut control pick something to anchor on and in essence create your own DPL duration pathway outcome three thousand dollars three wait is that number I spent more money on skincare my pores should be tax deductible maybe even have their own trust fund and thank goodness that I found one skin because one skin it doesn't just make empty promises it's research driven minimalistic and tested for beauty skin health and longevity one skin is the first topical skincare backed by peptide science that targets skin aging at the molecular level I slather this on all day they have a peptide that is designed to reduce the accumulation of dead cells or zombie cells that drive inflammation tissue breakdown as we age now this isn't about cosmetic quick fixes it's about changing the biology of your skin strengthening the barrier improving firmness hydration elasticity with clinically tested ingredients so if you are focused on aging well from the inside out it's time also to think about your skin it should get the same level of care go to onescin.co for 15% off use the co doctor lion it is amazing and it will not break the bank an example during seal training would be this and people can relate to this even if they're working out but uh seal training was during hell week you run around with those big heavy boats in your head all the time it was three three in the morning we're running with these things we're all miserable we're on the beach next to a sandbrem and I remember saying myself you know what I'm just gonna focus on getting the end of this sandbrem now what I did in that moment it inadvertently is I picked a horizon in essence created dp oh duration pathway out on duration from now until end of sandbrem pathway from here to end of sandbrem outcome end of sandbrem and what I also did in that moment is I immediately engaged my dopamine system to start endeavoring or start going moving forward in that goal and then I also created a reward at the end that gave me a dopamine hit when I got it which then allowed me to once I hit that horizon ask the question again okay now what do I know and what kind of control and pick a new horizon now this horizon shifting is basically generating certainty out of uncertainty but the horizon shifting that horizon picking is subjective to the individual and the intensity environment and it's constantly moving it's not always the same thing freezing in the surf zone which we talked about winter hell week you know surf tour yeah yeah yeah yeah it's awful I remember freezing the surf zone and I say my horizon at the time was I'm to count five waves sometimes my horizon was I'm gonna make it the next meal sometimes my horizon was I was gonna you know run to the end of sandbrem it's all based on the subjectivity because what you're doing in essence is your manipulating your own dopamine reward system and dopamine as we know not just a reward chemical it's a motivation chemical we can't we don't even get out of bed without dopamine or system and so if we pick a horizon what we're doing is we're engaging our dopamine system however the reason why it's subjective in terms of how far we're how short that horizon is because if we pick a horizon it's too far we won't have enough dopamine to get to the end of it would that be for example somebody wants to lose weight and they pick a time frame that is eight weeks away yeah or or they say I'm gonna I'm gonna lose 30 pounds in eight weeks okay that is too far of a horizon well again it's subjective the person might not be but in in most cases that be too far horizon but I'll give you a more visceral example then I'm gonna be able to kind of imagine because I just talked about hell week a classic example is thinking about Friday of hell week on Monday we always have a saying in buds if you think about Friday on Monday you're not gonna make it and in fact they started doing exit interviews for for guys who quit it was probably 10 12 years ago now and I'm glad they did but but as they interviewed these guys and just say hey what happened nine times that it's 10 the story was the same it's like we were doing act we had been doing X we were still doing X I couldn't imagine doing X for the next five days right they could not shorten their horizon now what's interesting is every single one of us human beings have done this at some level most of us who work out do it all the time we don't go into a workout and say and think about the entirety of the workout we say what am I what am I focusing I'm gonna do this muscle I'm gonna do this exercise I'm gonna do this set we we break it down into horizons by manipulating our dopamine system in that way if we pick up a horizon that's too far we run out by the way if you quit anything it's because you've run on a dopamine you've picked up anything yeah you've run on a dopamine you picked up a horizon that's too far if you pick up a horizon that's too close then you won't register the reward it won't feel like anything and you'll know it you'll know it both both ways which is a waiting to too close so in other words if I if for okay here's a great example and I'll just I'll just reference a guy talk about the book those a guy who I met at a conference he walked up to me he introduced himself he said he was an ultra runner and I said it was George and I said that's cool I mean how did you get into ultra running because I think it's insane I would never run 10000 and he said it you might I believe this but I used to be 300 pounds or something like that I said okay got to tell me that story he's like well I was frustrated I was so frustrated one day with my weight my health that I decided that I was gonna I was gonna run a marathon you know I said okay what'd you do he said well the first thing I did is I went home and I got online and I ordered running shoes and I and that was came and when those came I said okay tomorrow morning I'm gonna put on my running shoes which is what he did next morning he said I'm gonna put on my running shoes on a walk to the front door which is what he did next morning he walked to the mailbox next morning he walked to the and slowly went up went up and up now if you and I because we're we work out we're athletic if you and I decided I tried to run twice a week if we took a break from running for three months and we said we're gonna start running again tomorrow I'm gonna put on my shoes and walk to the mailbox that's not gonna be enough of a horizon for us it's very subjective won't we won't register the reward it has to be something bigger so so too small it's just not gonna be big enough and you'll know it because you just like I didn't feel like anything too big you'll know it because you're just you're gonna feel like you want to quit the good thing is we can modulate if you feel like you picked a horizon as too far and you're in the middle of it bring it down a bit when I'm running my hills a trash more it's about a I would say about a 80 to 100 yard run uphill and I start I started just practicing or just doing this just to see what what I felt like I said you want I'm gonna I'm gonna pick a horizon that's some 10 steps up the hill I realized that was too small for me I realized my best horizon is actually the top of the hill now for other people it might be halfway up the hill and then go if we're doing sets at a gym sometimes we'll we'll be doing sets and we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll want to do 12 and we'll do six and it's like okay just six more what we've done there is we just we've adjusted our horizon in that moment we've picked another horizon at a different focus point so so we can adjust these constantly just to get us through and it's all subjective to the individual it seems that if we go through life consciously yeah a lot of us I mean I could just speak for myself I don't think about well I do now think about the horizons but I I believe that many people are walking around with my mommy's to call it free floating anxiety yeah have you ever heard of that I haven't but it sounds well I will say it is fascinating sitting with you and just watching my husband he's not anxious I I think to myself hey man I think you should be anxious about this you have no idea what you're doing what about this what about that and it's really interesting to watch an individual go through life without anxiety yeah it is completely different then an individual trying the amount of energy to navigate life with this idea of just anxiety yeah what would you tell someone who is walking around just feeling anxious yeah and has not doesn't have a reason yeah yeah which I think that's a lot of people that's a lot of people that's just two two things and now we're talking about we we've we talked about buying down uncertainty now if the topic of buying down anxiety the first thing I'll mention is that there are anxiety causes stress in the system which causes again our autonomic arousal to go up one of the ways we there are physiological ways we can actually manage our stress okay and there's breathing techniques breathing tools visual tools which we can talk about so that's one way to do this however what I'll say this one of the biggest reasons why guys like us don't suffer from anxiety is because we completely reframe anxiety anxiety is quite literally fiction anxiety is always about what might happen so always in the future now the past is history of the future's fiction then now the the effects of anxiety stress that's the the result of anxiety is completely present that's the present physical state well yeah because it's creating stress in our system so that's very present but but what seals never do is worry about shit they can't control now it does not preclude proper planning of course I mean we're gonna plan and say no in a mission we'll say well but we don't overplan we'll say hey these three things are the biggest things that might happen let's plan for those we have say we'll put that on the shelf that way we've we've mitigated the uncertainty window because we plan for those other than that we're like hey what happened whatever happens we'll figure out along the way we do not worry about things that are in the future we anchor ourselves to the present moment and we we let that anchoring take away any anxiety so the key again the stress that is the result of anxiety can be overwhelming in in those cases we have to employ I would encourage everybody to employ those physiological tools and those visual tools meaning what you talk around the book okay so there's only so so so so so open open gaze is just soft gaze right if you're looking at if you if you pick a point in the wall and you're looking at a point and then you're suddenly stopped looking at the point just soften your gaze I don't know I'm still stressed out when I tried that one okay so I feel feel feel how it works through I know when I started public speaking which is not comfortable for me at all I'd get up on stage and I immediately just open my gaze instead of staring at one thing I kind of looked at the back of room and opened my gaze that helps it's not as powerful as the as the respiratory tools one of the most powerful respiratory tools that physiological science that's the deep breath in all the way to top top it off and then a slow and controlled exhale out okay that actually has been proven to really in fact we do this when we're going to sleep we've heard our our pets do this by the way our dogs do this all the time it actually begins to call me you it and what what by calming you it's bringing that I'll bring down that autonomic arousal and re-engaging your frontal love that's really important because you cannot start picking horizons until you re-engage your frontal love what's very cool as you can combine the two quite immediately anybody who's really feeling stressed and anxious and lonely because I know what my first horizon take 10 breaths that's their first right yeah and they can it can actually combine the two but what you're doing is you're anchoring into the present once you begin to do that once you can control that and you can begin to move horizons fear goes away and I say that you might you might put it on a shelf but I remember you know the people of us before have you were you ever in a situation where you were really afraid of like in combat or something and I answer them quite honestly no but the answer is not coming from a place of arrogance or barvato the answer is literally because in those moments when they happened all of us were so focused on what we need to do in the moment that we didn't worry about anything else it was just step by step by step so much so that it was quite often that after everything was done maybe we were home from the op all the reports I was back in my hooch by myself I think back and then the fear would hit like holy shit that was close and I get all the physiological response but it much better to get it there than you know later and that's also can be the seeds of PTSD as well by the way which is a whole other issue but but the idea is if we are actively picking horizons through a moment we are actually mitigating uncertainty because we are mitigating anxiety because we're not focused on what could happen because it's fiction I'd like to acknowledge one of the sponsors and that's our place I'd also like to acknowledge my mom jokes that are coming in hot about my old pan it was so toxic even my veggies wanted to detox after dinner but it's bad seriously non-state cookware is still used very convenient but it comes at a cost non-stick contains harmful chemicals like Teflon and other PFAS which can reach into your food in our home we use our place which is toxin 3 high performance cookware and appliances designed for paper simpler use the hidden dangers of traditional non-stick cookware is loaded with forever chemicals dump them it is not worth it if you want to start somewhere start with the four piece cookware set it is your best way to overhaul that kitchen stop cooking with toxic cookware stop spending time with toxic people upgrade your place today visit from rplace dot com slash doctor lion and use the code doctor lion for 10% off site why that's 10% off site wide with a hundred day risk free trial free shipping free returns you will experience a game changing cookware another example this was with a buddy of ours actually having lunch with a couple buddies who we were all in in red squadron together and some of the jumping programs people don't know what red squadron is yes that's one of the squadrons at the group that we were part of so but one of the things we do some insane skydiving profile so we do a halo operation is high altitude to high up on an operations where you jump out of the plane you go up to about 20,000 feet 20,000 feet you jump out of the plane at 20,000 feet and you count to four and you open your parachute so you're about 20,000 feet and you're flying to an unknown dz which is literally a dz that no one's recon before we just looked at the map and said that looks like a clear spot but you don't know um you land there and then you then you start your mission you could patrol the rock target of that stuff and then of course you're at 20,000 feet so your night vision oxygen all that stuff very intense and and multiple pieces about an operation like this well we were talking we were having lunch we were talking about what these ops is a huge op very serious target hey ho and my buddy says he says you know what's funny when that ramp opened up there's only one thing i'm thinking i'm like what he's like nail the exit and he's absolutely right because if you don't nail the exit if you don't get a stable body position your parachute's not gonna open properly and they have a whole host of problems so first rising with all that in front of us every single one of us like nail the exit once you nail the exit pull my parachute once i get my parachute out get on heading right it's just step by step by step and so anybody who suffers from anxiety should start to a reframant it's all fiction it hasn't happened yet so you're you're literally worrying about something that hasn't happened and begin to anchor themselves in the present by using this moving horizons process and they will find themselves able to start stepping through more effectively this is what guys like shane and i do without thinking and this is why i don't see him think through this process it is just an immediate reaction and that you think people can get there oh yes yeah we just practice on the small stuff you know practice on small stuff start looking at some of the things that cause you so doing hard things or causing anything that causes stress or hard hardship practice with that working out to a great place so even though working out is not an uncertain environment you can practice it during working out you know you can practice it during physical endeavors you can practice it even making it at work if you have to do you have a thousand things just say you don't want to focus on this i'm gonna do email for 10 minutes that's my horizon right we block out everything else that's my horizon you can practice this so that you start working through it and you'll find yourself a more productive but b the anxiety will will start to mitigate what about this idea of identity where does identity fall in this scope so in the book i break down the idea the the process where the kind of the mastering uncertainty method comes in two parts part one is this idea of managing our own physiology and neurology what i just talked about the good news is every single human being has the ability to do this we're all it's it's it's ubiquitous in terms of our ability to move horizons and and manage our physiology the second part deals with what we individually bring into uncertainty okay because we all are different types of automobiles some of our jeeps some of us are SV some of surferaries maybe a pre-ass maybe a pre-ass and no judgment because the pre-ass can do things that ferrari can't do and the ferrari can do things that ferrari can do but don't agree yeah that's like you comfortable well well with the the idea is the idea is uh understand what vehicle you are because you are bringing you are bringing something unique into whatever environment this is what we do with teams when we put teams to this attribute stuff is we we allow them to understand all the different types of vehicles on the team and how they mesh together because sometimes a pre-ass is what's needed to be upfront sometimes it's a ferrari that needs to be a sometimes it's a jeep so all this is say we all have very unique individual profiles that we bring into uncertainty attributes is one of those so we understand you have to just is important identity is another huge one because identity is this idea that we all as human beings are collection of items now anything we put after the words i am is i always i always say i am are the two most powerful words in the human language because anyway we put after that those two words we begin to behave towards it forms of identity but we are all a collection of different i am we collect them over a lifetime of experience some are benign some are pretty powerful i went to this high school i played lacrosse i'm a husband and father i'm a nady seal i'm a metallic a fan okay whatever those i am's are they all come with them certain rules and conditions and and and boundaries inside of which you behave to behave towards that identity in uncertainty challenge and stress we will behave towards whatever identity we are prioritizing in that moment okay so so in combat overseas of course my priority identity was husband was a navy seal just as powerful an identity for me has always been husband father okay but in combat navy seal was priority now sometimes the target would change and we'd have to take care of maybe some civilians husband father identity would come to the fore okay but but understanding which identities we have and what they're doing to our behavior actually is massively important an example of this going the wrong way we've all heard the story of the avid sports fan who beats the shit out of another sports fan okay and gets in trouble and suddenly it's standing from the judge and the judge is like what the hell were you thinking that person's like i i don't know what i was thinking i was just doing now what happened in that moment was that person in that moment was prioritizing that identity to a to a negative degree it's subconscious it's well it's subconscious if you let it be subconscious the reason why i bring it up in the book is because we can actually gain control of this by understanding what identities were bringing to the table if this person we just talked about had understood or or thought about the fact that he also had an identity of professional business man maybe husband father said you know what as a professional businessman as husband father maybe i won't behave this way i'm gonna prioritize a different identity so so the power and the the utility of understanding a or identities the list allows us to bring to the fore the ones we need to in the moment discard the ones we don't um or not bring to the fore or i would say even discard there might be identities if we go through the list because a lot there's we have a lot okay um but go through the list and there might be ones that you know what this doesn't apply to be anymore you know maybe seals a huge one and shame would agree with me you know they be seals it's not like the Marine Corps the Marine Corps is once the Marine always a Marine and the Marine Corps does a fantastic job of of solidify that identity you can talk to ninety-year-old men who still refer to themselves as gunny sergeant okay not the same the seal teams seal teams is earned you're trying to every day if so you take that try to know if you're no longer a navy seal shane and i are former navy seals now that comes with it a whole host of different behaviors different identities but but part of the vacuum that a lot of guys feel when they leave the seal teams is because they they've been holding on it's been holding on that identity and no longer exists for you are a commander that's different what how what is that well that was just that means i was an officer i was a zoonin in other words i was in charge of teams um and i was in charge of a seal command two so i was commanding officer of a team as well so it just that worked they're all really alpha types i loved it because uh because a in any type of leadership uh there's there's so much that goes into that but but there's often and i talked to many civilian leaders there's often sometimes a problem of just motivating your people okay i never had to motivate my people right from me my biggest job is holding people back in some cases and providing in the environment to really excel now that kind of holding back can be sometimes a difficult challenge but i think i'm a big collaborator my collaboration is you know collaborative is one of my high attributes and so to be able to work with such high performing individuals um and and just watch them and and give them the space because it was my job to really create an environment side of which they could do everything they needed to create the space that's where i felt my job was to watch them to do to succeed and and do that was not only just a thrill but also one of the greatest things i've experienced down do you find that because you guys did such hard things together that it created a bond yes so here's another good thing about hard stuff all right and this is something he brought when i talked about um when we when we we learn anything um experiencing anything uh we create a neural connection or a brain okay and what happens is we create that neural connection that neural network and then that that connection begins to mylinate as we repeat that so if we're learning something and we and we repeat it over and over again that that that that that that work begins to or that connection begins to mylinate which is just a substance that goes around this kind of show coaxial cable but once that's fully mylinated what mean what that means is that that connection that the energy is going immediately in other words you don't have to think about what you're doing anymore so so just take driving a stick shift car when we first learn how to drive a stick stick stick to car we're thinking about it every you know everything we're thinking about those those connections are new and they're not mylinated very well as we do it over and over again and we achieve unconscious confidence that means those connections have been mylinated fully we can do it without thinking neuro science has proven that that whole process the connective process and the mylination process can in fact increase hundred to a thousand times sometimes if three things are present in the environment those three things are intensity novelty and focus this is exactly why being told a stove is hot is different than touching a hot stove because touching a hot stove involves all three of those you will never touch a hot stove again why do I say that is because the reason why we find that relationships strengthen oftentimes you said intensity novelty and focus so this this environment is very intense it's novel it's somewhat new and then it's I'm deeply focused this is why we learn more from our mistakes than we do our accomplishments because whenever we fail or make mistakes those three things are absolutely predominant not as much when we succeed there's there's a difference there it's also why when we fail together as groups it creates these bonds because we're actually creating these networks at the same time if people do people have to experience the same level of failure no I don't think so I mean everything's subjective and it's really whatever feels I mean so you know again for you and I as in doing what we've done failing at something we might be like yeah that's not a big deal or someone else who has never experienced that that is a huge deal for them that's why I'm always emotions of very subjective things so I always have to be really a bit cognizant of what other people consider hard because it's it's real to them so having been through life and death situations and again this goes back to what it takes to become a seal and seals are not normal and I and I I truly do believe that there's a certain level that can be trained up but there is there is what I believe in and I don't know if this is true a particular set of attributes not skills right but a particular set of attributes that when stress uncertainty and chaos arise these individuals have an ability to perform yeah which brings me to you you've been in very austere environments you've done really hard things and now you're living a civilian life in order to maintain a certain level and happiness is not the right word I agree happy it is this fleeting and you don't want to all the time yeah satisfaction okay there you go you have now set the bar extremely high how do you put yourself an environment where you have to or will give you that same feeling well it's not gonna be a same feeling for so I'm gonna get used to that okay and my buddies and I talk about that it's not the same feeling however you can it's a different feeling and it's just a serious listen I wrote a book and began a business of my life I mean we I work we she and I work for no one we work for ourselves and we're building a business together that is and we have two kids we have one kid in college and one getting ready to go so so these are you know speaking in front of crowds you know that's easy for you now it's easy for me now but it's only because I I am not related myself to do it but now what do you do I continue to build the business you know we we pivot the business we we we we ask ourselves what's the next what's the next level that we need to do parenting regardless of the age is a is a stressful endeavor because you're constantly asking yourself what do I do am I doing it right how do I accomplish this staying married for you know 24 years and onward you know is is but you get what I'm saying there's a level of this book so masters of uncertainty look how well worn this is yeah I actually travel with this book that by the way I wrote it small just so people love it and it's you know I I mark in it and so I'm never giving this book away also that's writing and mark you sign that right you did of course you did I would be very upset if I lost it but there is a level of stress uncertainty in chaos and then people become people like you become really good at managing life in order to grow and there's business growth but I'm talking about putting yourself and again I look at chain it's very hard for heat for him to be in a situation where it's pushing him I mean you guys running marathon now yeah well he's working 120 hours a week but for someone like you and I also I'm asking this because I think about for myself there's being busy and working hard and then there's really pushing yourself to the edge for example for me I am a mom of two kids I don't have full time help I just wrote my second book I podcast I'm doing these things but when I reflect and I say okay is this really hard or is this requiring me to be diligent and focused how do you put yourself in a position where you're functioning at that edge? Well first of all don't mitigate the things you're doing as not being hard you're just processing them in a way that you're satire self oh was that hard you just you've learned to process chain what he's doing he is still she's moving horizons and and when he's running these long racists are doing what he's doing he might be moving about very minute levels which means he's exercising this muscle constantly so really not about the thing it's about are you exercising the muscle that's what you're doing and whatever endeavor we're trying to do whatever next phase we are constantly I'm constantly exercising the muscle even if it's comfort kills comfort kills right so I always say you know we're christening and I were talking about this the other day as I always say I always endeavor to be massively grateful but never satisfied that's what I always want to I want to be and I am I'm very grateful for everything you know everything that we've done everything accomplished everything up till now massively grateful right but I want to maintain at least a small level of dissatisfaction so I'm always looking to the next horizon what's the next place we can go what's the next goal we want to accomplish so so yeah getting on the Navy it was okay how can we can I first of all function I don't even got to get a job which I did then okay can I write a book you know and then can we build a business now that's that's the current endeavor I do include a second book and I write a second book that's a current endeavor I don't know what the next endeavor will be five to ten years from now I'm gonna focus on this horizon and then once that horizon is too position we're like okay actually this feels good what's my next pivot but what I can guarantee is I will always pivot there will always be something I'm pivoting to so that I'm challenging myself in some way again we ask where we get this stuff my dad is 80 both my parents so they're divorced but they're both very tough people that's a good yeah my dad's a lawyer he's 85 right 85 84 it was two years ago two you have about two years ago so it was 82 83 and he it was January he sent us he bent out lawyer at a law firm there in the town of grew up for 40 years and he wrote us an email the kids you know I've I've three siblings and said the one twin on the no older sister turning over the he wrote us an email and said hey kids just want to let you know everything changes you know the the law firm has realized and he was a partner for a while but then he kind of stepped back to a little bit less said the the law firm has as discovered that it can no longer sustain itself to a to a reasonable financial model so it's so after a hundred year old off from so after a hundred years it's closing its doors he said but no worries I've already interviewed a three other law firms and I've decided to take a job at this one law firm I'm gonna start in a week so he's he's an 82 year old man and he's going and he started a new job and a new law firm now he he's at this law firm he loves he's I'm surrounded by young people who are you know teaching me things I'm able to mentor them to a degree there's other people he's I'm learning a lot he's active he said he said rich I wouldn't know what to do with myself if I didn't want he loves the law he loves doing what he does this is what I'm talking about if we are not staying active if not picking the next horizons we're not picking that school then we're gonna just wilt and so I don't find to do that the idea that winners are common or pressure and I say winners loosely but are there top one or two attributes that people that are very successful have yes I'm gonna give you the the kind of soft answer but the but it's like a private best answer but then I'll give you more specificity the soft answer which is the best answer is the answers yes but I don't know which ones they are because it's completely it's completely subjective to whatever environment they're in the the super successful accountants the attributes for that person are different than the super successful Navy seal then the super successful teacher or nurse whatever that is now all that said I think that the if I were to if you put a gun in my head said hey what are the really important yeah well I would say compartmentalization is one compartmentalization is the attribute that that allows for moving horizons and so and so so Navy seals for you guys who make it through buds we all show up to the beaches of buds on day one with the level of this we have to because we're not gonna make it through the first day and it just gets hyper developed right the guys who don't make it through buds they just didn't show up with as much so compartmentalization will is compartmentalization is one courage is another and by courage I mean again we have to understand courage is the ability to step into our fear when we get afraid our made you make you like a big deal against tickle do we are offered two choices those two choices are fight or flight right fee or you know they've they've determined that the freeze one is just an oscillation between the two but it's those two choices are actually separate switches in the brain so we choose to flee it's one switch if we choose to fight it's another switch I east step into our fear that fear that that step in switch is a card it's known as the card switch so we have no access to that courage switch unless we have fear present we have no access to courage unless we have fear present which is which tells us something neurologically that we've all heard philosophical which is courage is impossible in the absence of fear you do not have courage in the absence of fear you can't all is to say fear is entirely subjected to the human being you can have a group of navy seals in a gunfight with al Qaeda in Afghanistan who are in that moment feeling less fear than the eight year old you just have to step in front of the classes and introduce themselves okay so it's subjective so you can be a generally anxious person but every day and all day you're consistently stepping into your fear you're consistently stepping into your discomfort your card's level is really high you could be someone who does crazy shit right and you're not accessing that cards or so I don't know if you've seen that I'm sure you have seen the the documentary free solo aloxone on right now it's saying I'm in free free climb this up I get sweaty palms when I watch it they looked at his brain they recognize that his amygdala doesn't get tickled like normal people's right it takes a while for his amygdala to get tickled i.e. he's not accessing that card switch the same way other people and I'm saying and I'm not saying alox is not courageous but he's not accessing the switch the same way someone else is yeah it takes less courage for him it doesn't it's in some cases doesn't take any courage for him because he's not feeling the fear he doesn't get courage none of us get courage until we feel fear so courage as an attribute is your ability to consistently and habitually step into your discomfort and fear I think that's a very important attribute for all successful people so you have to follow that up with mental reframing for example some individuals will go through their life I don't know if you know this but I train in psychiatry for two years I remember you saying that yeah and you'll see people go through the same process and not necessarily move the needle with their anxiety yeah and I think looking at the tools in this going back had I known and I'm sure that you've got moments where if you could take what you learn now to go back maybe those guys wouldn't have failed out of buds yeah but you probably you know and just thinking about the brain the brain becomes wired to do a certain thing the brain may become particularly accustomed to that level of anxiety yes that even if you they almost don't seem to get better at managing it it is they wake up they feel anxiety and then they go to bed and they because they've now anchored this isology yeah you bring up a great point this is by the way has everything to do with dopamine and the dopamine reward we get from it's not it's really the it's really the it's not just the anxiety it's what the anxiety pushes them to do or feel I have my my my cousin she now lives in Virginia Beach she does social work she's a wonderful human being and she helps people with homeless homeless people find housing and she's been in this work for years but she was telling me a very interesting story she's there's some cases where they have someone who's been homeless for years and they finally get this person in a house and after five days the person ditches him just back on the street yes and one of the reasons is because these people have developed this this addiction almost to the the idea of and the the process of getting up and figuring it out all day there's it's not exciting enough they don't get that dopamine reward so I think I think sometimes we can get trapped in this moment or phase where our anxiety is actually giving us the dopamine that's actually driving us and so we just have to again is that better good I think it's again that subject we have to decide is that actually progressing our lives or stuff we'll have I would agree I certainly certainly um physically because with that stress that comes from that anxiety comes cortisol and all the the the bad neurobiology if kind of used in extensive for extensive periods so so I'd say I would say it's much better if you can start to practice these tools and mitigate anxiety by these tools versus lean on anxiety for the actual rush itself if you gave people one piece of advice that they're thinking about this and they want to become tougher what would that be of advice be? Practice doing hard things do hard things because because you will because that anterior mid-singular cortex will actually grow you'll tickle it ill grow it'll get you will find yourself able to do harder things more frequently you will add to the to the the years on your life and you will start to gain confidence because as you use these tools all masters of uncertainty do is we use these tools without thinking we defaulted this stuff you'll appreciate this I might have told you a story at one point but but you know they're in Virginia Beach we've lived there for 22 years and we've been in the same house and across the street there's a seal down the road to the left there's a seal or you should be and down the road to the right there's a seal and my wife once said she said I'm so glad these guys are in the neighborhood I said why she said because if something happened and I needed them I could go to them and you weren't around I could go to them and they'd act I said what do you mean is it because every time the shit hits the fan all you guys do is you stop you just stop you calm down you start problem solving all we're doing is we're moving horizons we start moving horizons without thinking about it which is like what's what do I focus on this this this we just start stepping through the process so so mastering this this stuff is really about getting to the point where you're doing it without thinking and like I said it'll allow you to do better when uncertainty hits without warning but more importantly it will give you the confidence to start stepping deliberately into your discomfort and starting to really explore your potential well rich to any I love this book masters of uncertainty I highly recommend everybody get this and also get your attributes book this was before I knew you personally I loved that book and I am just a huge supporter of the attributes book and the test you're really doing some great work incredibly articulate and I just I'm really grateful thank you well thank you for your support thank you great friend because it's great journey it's nice to be nice to have great friends along the journey so thank