actually unfortunately based on the most recent research that was published in the American Journal of Cardiology only 6.8% of Americans are metabolic healthy, but the UNC research that was done in 2018, which showed that 12% are metabolic healthy was based on those five biomarkers. And so basically over the past five years we've seen a decline from 12% to 6.8%. But regardless, people should know and should prioritize knowing whether they are in that 12% above almost anything else. Because if you are metabolic healthy, your chances of dying from almost any of the major causes of mortality in the United States prematurely plummet. Dr. Casey Means, thank you so much for coming on the show. Former surgeon, physician, and truly a trailblazer. Dr. Lian, I am so thrilled to be here with you in person. This is great. We're going to have an amazing conversation. You've been doing a lot of work on overall metabolic health. And before I say that, let's take us back and recognize the fact that you are a trained surgeon, actually an anti and from Stanford, no doubt or surprise, a fine institution, but for some reason, switched gears and now focused on metabolic health. Yeah. Yeah. For me, I was in my fifth year of surgical training as a head and neck surgeon. And I was in this world and looked around me and kind of had this wake-up call where I'm like, Americans, every single year are getting sicker. We are getting sicker, we're getting heavier, we're getting more depressed, we're getting more infertile as a population every single year, despite more health care dollars being spent every year for truly and dollars now. And doctors like working their butts off. I mean, everyone on health care system, everyone's wanting around, kind of like a chicken with their head cut off in the hospitals and yet patients are getting worse. And so as I was finishing my residency and looking down the barrel of like a four year career in health care, I had to stop and say like, what is going on? Like the more we spend the sicker we're getting, the more research we're doing, the sicker we're getting, the more medicine becomes hyper specialized, the sicker we're getting. So what is going on here? And what's going on is that we're pointing the arrow at the wrong issue. We're focusing on whack-a-mull symptom management, and we're not focusing on the root cause of why people are sick, which is fundamentally metabolic dysfunction. It's a problem inside the cells. Then unfortunately, no medication or surgery can get to, right? This is how we interact with our cells with our diet and our lifestyle. And this was, I mean, this like rips me out of a slumber. You know, I'm like 32 years old. I have been training, you know, Stanford, Stanford, OHSU in the operating room, killing myself to become a surgeon. And I looked around and I thought, you know, I'm a doctor, and I went into medicine to help people thrive and to create health. And right now, I am just managing disease. And then what happened, unfortunately, soon after this revelation, is that it showed up in my family with my mother. And my mother, unfortunately, is kind of an archetypal situation for what I think so many Americans are going through on the chronic disease, you know, pill farm sort of treadmill, which is that, you know, she, as she was getting into her 50s and 60s, she had the high blood pressure crop up the gave her anase inhibitor. She took her pills. Her blood sugar going, started going up. They gave her the metformin. She took her pills. Her cholesterol started going up. They gave her the stat and she took her pills. And then she's 72 years old. And she's taking a hike with my dad near their home in Northern California. And she had a pain in her stomach. And she goes to her primary care doctor. And they say, oh, this is unusual for you. Let's go to CT scan. She gets this CT scan. The next day, she gets a text message that says, stage four, widely metastatic pancreatic cancer. And 13 days later, she was dead. And we were, yeah, I, first of all, I did not know that. Yeah. You have you. That is major. Yeah. And a massive wake-up call. Huge wake-up call because, you know, she was the classic American patient who's living her life trying, but these diseases and these symptoms are cropping up throughout her 40s, 50s, and 60s. And like a diligent patient, she's going to every specialist. She was being seen at the Mayo Clinic. She was being seen at Stanford and Palo Alto Medical Foundation, best doctors in the world, right? Best institutions in the world. And with doing everything they said, she was trying to eat healthy. She was taking all her pills. She was following up and yet her cells never healed because that is not. Because that is not the priority in our American health care system. We're not focused on true physiologic intercellular healing. We're focused on disease management. So, unfortunately, you know, it was, it was wild when her oncologists after the diagnosis and then rapid decline towards death, they looked at us and sincerely the oncologist said to my family, like, I'm so sorry. This is so unlucky. And I knew enough to know, was this really unlucky or was this totally predictable? If we are looking in the conventional Western paradigm of siloed medicine, you know, 42 medical subspecialties, there's the liver doctor for the fatty liver disease. There's the cardiologist for the heart disease. There's the endocrinologist for the diabetes. There's the neurologist for the early brain fog and early dementia. In that system, of course, her high cholesterol, high blood pressure, her high blood sugar and her cancer. We're totally random things. But through a root cause, physiologic lens, we're really looking at the connections between diseases. It was totally predictable. And what I wish, and this is why I wrote the book, this is why I'm on this life mission, is that if earlier in this treadmill of chronic disease management, someone could say to the patient, this is how you're suffering as connected and this is what you can do. You have to heal your mitochondria and it's not that hard. The system wants to make you think it's complicated. It's not. And if you can do that, you know, if she could have done that, if she had been told that, if I had known earlier, I think she'd still be alive today. So that's what drives me. That is very meaningful. And I think that the viewers and listeners can really relate to being on purpose and creating a mission that can help change the trajectory for everybody. And I just pulled up so this is pancreatic.org. I'll link to it here and this is a site or an organization all about pancreatic cancer, this network. Risk factors associated with pancreatic cancer. Yes, family history, but also diabetes, obesity, diet, alcohol, chemical exposures. Things we can control. Things that we actually can control. And um, you're on an amazing mission. And your mission is to share about metabolic health from a root cause approach, symptomology, symptoms of unhealthy lifestyle. How do we address it early on? Where do you stand with this idea of this whole optimization culture? Tell me about your core pillars of health. Yeah, yeah, you know, something that I've been sensing over the last few years is that patients and people are sort of fatigued with like so much of this focus on like micro optimization and like the very rigid morning routines. And you have to check off all these protocols. And it's like more for us to do. And I think that one of the things that really concerns me about our current landscape of health care is that it's really missing the joy, like the joy and the sort of the sort of understanding of this miraculous nature of our bodies and the miraculous nature of being alive at this moment in eternity and having our health journey really be focused on like in honoring of this like cosmic, incredible opportunity to be here and to be conscious and to really have all of our health. Our health drive come from that. Like we live in a very desperatialized, desaintifies Western culture and there's such a focus. There's almost like this cult of like there needs to be rigidness and protocols and evidence space and all of this. And what it does is it gets us all I think feeling a lot of pressure and feeling like almost very confused because the research says so many different things. Everyone's fighting on social media and it's like the 80% of Americans are confused about nutrition even though if you look at PubMed at the number of nutrition studies that have happened over the 50 years it's like an exponential increase. So the more nutrition research we're doing the more confused people are and I think at the root of it we have been asked by the system that profits off our illness to be totally divorced from our common sense and from our intuition about what's right for our own bodies and to be more in like a flow with our health and it's so funny because like we're the only species in the world with experts and we're also the only species in the world with a chronic disease epidemic and it'll be city epidemic and I think that there is a point of all the research and the experts but there's also a part of the conversation that needs to come back to like truly trusting ourselves and our body awareness and the cues and the signals that are coming from our body constantly like symptoms are a signal symptoms are a gift and we're basically told to ignore them think about what happens when you have a symptom like a headache or an achy knee you squash it you have to it's intolerable we have to take the ad bill you know we have to take the anti an acid for the reflex we are not even curious about what's going on with our bodies and the system really benefits off that if we can make people petrified of symptoms really putting all of their empowerment in the hands of experts then you divorce people from their common sense and we start losing the sense of connection to our own health journey and I think that's really the missing piece of the conversation and I think the beauty of the time we have right like the beauty of being alive right now is that we actually have the opportunity to live the happiest and healthiest lives in human history we have the opportunity but we're not and I think that the way that we can get there and the reason that's now and has really never been before is because we have two things we have both the awareness that you know symptoms are a gift symptoms are science from ourselves that their their needs are not getting met and we can actually really reframe and learn to understand the signals from our body and how to interpret them and I think functional medicine is really doing a great job of helping people understand that but secondly in the past three years for the first time in human history we can get more information about our bodies ourselves no doctor needed than ever before in human history we have direct consumer lab testing companies like function health like levels like next health like inside tracker that literally you can get your own biomarkers with detailed interpretations we have a biowarables revolution where you can literally see internal biomarkers in real time and response to what you're doing and like deeply understand your metabolic health like your blood sugar and we have access to wearable data like the or ring and the fit bit in the loop that can tell us are sort of more superficial biomarkers like heart rate 24 hours a day so we both have the ability to have the body awareness and the technology that can tell us more than we ever knew about our bodies and if we can learn how to really take ownership of our health in that way find more joy in the health care journey and really find empowerment and a sense of trust in ourselves I think we could rapidly wrap up the heel that's fascinating and what I'm hearing you say is the convergence of both yes the convergence of what our innate feeling is perhaps our intuition on the right nutrition plan or the right training and or just these symptoms that are showing us something combined with heart data meaning biomarkers meaning heart rate variability things that we actually can look at is that accurate exactly what I'm saying and what where I think we're falling short with the conversation is just totally absconding our responsibility totally putting our faith completely outside of us in sort of this expert class that are worrying even amongst themselves and in doing so we are very vulnerable so I think it's a lot about understanding our incredible powers individuals to understand our own bodies and our system has systematically asked people to not trust themselves like you think about some of the language and the culture right now it's trust the science and we should in many ways trust the science but we should also trust ourselves and we now have tools to understand how to trust ourselves more and as we've been told to trust the science in this very like in a way that's almost like very I think infantilizing to individuals like do not literally don't be Dr. Google don't you know you need to trust the science what has happened we're getting sicker every year so I think that these sort of this sort of blanket sense of of following protocols from other people and ignoring what our body is telling us it's not really working for us and I think there's a level of getting back in touch with our own bodies both through intuition and body awareness but also hard science and wearables and data that together can really just help us feel super confident in our health journeys like I know for a fact my diet is right for me because I feel effing incredible and my biomarkers are totally optimal and I want everyone to have that sense of confidence the average person does not really know if they're healthy and they're confused and that doesn't need to be a case I absolutely agree with you everybody is gonna want to thank you to timeline nutrition for sponsoring this episode of the show as you know muscle health is everything you cannot age well if your muscles are not healthy why do we care about muscles well from a number of reasons and within muscle is mitochondria and that's exactly where mitopure fits in mitopure is the first clinically proven tested uralithin A this is a post biotic that between 30 to 40% of the population makes that means the majority of you my friends do not make uralithin A in your gut here's why it matters uralithin A is a compound that helps mitochondria and in fact there's evidence in humans that it improves strength and endurance especially as we age mitopure is incredible it comes in many different forms I personally use the capsules my husband uses the powder there's a ginger powder these products I wish that I had developed them myself head over to timelinenutrition.com slash doctor lion for 10% off that's a timeline nutrition dot com slash doctor lion. Everybody is gonna want to know what is your diet what is it yeah I mean for me and I talk about it's in the book I really focus on cellular biology when I think about diet and the diet that I've presented in good energy it's very first principles it's not dogmatic it's about what molecular components do we know support the cell and doing its best work because of a cell is functioning properly like we don't we don't have symptoms so I think one framing when I talk about diet that people need to realize is that all symptoms and all disease are necessarily the results of cellular dysfunction there's no symptom or disease that arises in a vacuum there is cellular dysfunction happening if you have a symptom or disease and one of the key ways that we help ourselves function properly is the 70 metric tons of molecular information that we put in our mouths at our lifetime right that both builds our body literally builds the structure of the cells and also tells the cells what to do change our epigenetics our cell signaling our genetic expression so really thinking about food as molecular information and when I was really looking at like what are the components that cells can benefit from in their journey to function properly there are five things that I think are important one is I'll start with the one that is so relevant to you which is healthy protein like protein is incredible signal like we have well run through them all first and then we talk about the all this the five things that I think are really important for healthy cellular function that we should include in every meal is healthy protein antioxidants omega three fatty acids a probiotic source and a fiber source and so for different reasons each of those can signal to ourselves good function the help me you talk about this better than the one literally on the face of the planet but healthy protein is like a signaling molecule we have literally nutrient sensing cells in our gut that cv amino acids and it changes the expression of what they do I think it's so funny the whole like glp1 agonist conversation and like everyone you know we're having this fever pitch about these medications that are exogenous glp1 analogs when in reality when a nutrient sensing cell the gut the l cell is stimulated by specific amino acids valene as one of the ones but others glutamine arginine others when it actually senses those amino acids it produces glp1 in much higher concentration so certainly there's a utility for these drugs in certain patient populations but everyone in America given the obesity epidemic should know how to stimulate their own satiety hormones with specific food nutrients so protein for so many reasons obviously it's also a signal to ourselves for antabolic processes for building and maintaining muscle mass so many other purposes but then we look at antioxidants you know one of the biggest root causes of the diseases in the symptoms that we have today is excess oxidative stress it's this like fire storm happening inside ourselves that we have the power through three ways to actually improve with our diet we can eat antioxidants we can reduce our consumption of pro-oxidant foods and we can also express antioxidant genes in ourselves through other foods so that's a key one fiber of course is going to feed our microbiome which is the gunna then produce short chain fatty acid which have a whole range of positive metabolic benefits our probiotic sources similar to the fiber are going to support our microbiome and help us create the diversity and abundance of helpful bacteria in our gut that is so relevant to all aspects of mental and physical health and the omega-3 fatty acids are so critical because if we're eating good omega-3 sources first of all we're going to be eating some really beautiful whole foods like fish and seeds and nuts that have these compounds but they are so important as a signaling molecule in our inflammatory cascade and just like oxidative stress chronic inflammation is one of the key root causes of our chronic disease epidemic and the symptoms we're facing and omega-3 is which incorporated into the cell membrane literally form a substrate for anti-inflammatory immune chemicals that can you know be very important in resolving inflammatory processing the body so all that is to say when we focus on getting those five components in most all of our meals and the way we do that is by having a short list in our head of our favorite sources of each of those things of the protein omega-3's antioxidants fiber and probiotic sources have your little mental list of your favorite things in each of those categories stock your kitchen with them and then it's very mix and match just like grab your hemp seeds grab your you know sardines grab your beef whatever it is and make a meal that has those um and eating becomes much much simpler um so anyways that's really how I try and focus my eating is is component based more than dog my based and those components could go from they could work for keto they could work for vegan they could work for paleo they could work for like ancestral diets maybe not carnivore just because I do talk about fiber but one fascinating thing about fiber and carnivore and I actually make this caveat in the book is that one of the short chain fatty acids that your body makes when you eat fiber is buterate and we also make buterate on a very low carb diet in a different way by actually producing it through fat oxidation and so even though carnivores aren't eating fiber they're still making a very similar molecule to what the microbiome makes and are kind of getting it in a different way and so that's the one I would say exception but um long story short that's yeah I focus on getting those five components and eliminating all refined grains refined sugars and refined seed oils and that's how I focus on my diet it's interesting because it shows how adaptable the body is you had mentioned carnivore and yes the carnivore diet is low in fiber but the body can adapt and make buterate the the body is amazing and I would argue that it can adapt to various types of diet you talk about protein you talk about antioxidants omega probiotic and fiber what are your favorite and I want to go through each of these because I'm curious is to know what your favorite is all what is your what's your favorite protein I'll run through them super fast and basically if you go to my kitchen and I've posted videos of my kitchen this is essentially what is my kitchen based on what I'm about to say it's my favorite sources of each of these things so for protein I have a freezer full of ground game meats which I get from both hunters and also from force of nature other really wonderful original company so for protein it's ground elk ground bison ground venison ground grass vet beef ground regenerative pork I also have all have pasture rage chicken breast chicken thighs turkey things like that so basically lots of really sustainably sourced meats I also do happen to love beans and legumes for protein and they don't affect me at all in a negative way I know this for a fact because my HSCRP is less than point three So for people who say that they're inflammatory check your biomarkers but beans and legumes and meat and then I like eggs but eggs also aren't the best protein source like I you know six grams per egg so I'd have to I usually supplement a little when my protein each day with about three eggs but mostly it's the meat that I get the protein from really regeneratively sourced what about the antioxidants antioxidants it's just a kitchen full of farmers market fruits and vegetables as colorful and rich colors as possible so I just try and get as many I basically shop for my fruits and vegetables based on color not based on type because I can cook with any vegetables and you know low glycemic fruits so purple's reds yellows greens etc lots of colorful fruits and vegetables but the main antioxidant the highest antioxidant sources are actually spices T Coco and so using a lot of Coco in my cooking like a hundred percent organic Coco tons of spices and then T's as a drink like green tea those are some of the highest antioxidant sources and in some nuts and seeds have antioxidants the highest antioxidant net of all of them is pecans actually so by by like a large margin so I eat a lot of pecans for probiotic sources I love sourcrout I have like five different types in my fridge from the farmers market organic beat and cabbage sourcrout carrots sourcrout things like that I love kavas which is a low sugar kombucha alternative instead of using sugar and tea to make a drink a fermented drink it actually just uses beats and water and that's it so the fermented drink is basically from fermenting the carbohydrates with beats um I love kimchi and I love unsweetened full fat grass-fed yogurt and so those are my my my probiotic sources for fiber it's basil seeds hemp seeds chia seeds flax seeds beans legumes raspberries which is the highest fiber fruit and avocados which are very oddly super high fiber so those are my main fiber juice is on what do you look at the break down 13 grams of fiber but chia seeds and basil seeds are great because they have like five grams of fiber per table spoon in their easy to sprinkle on salads and then for omega threes it's a pantry full of canned wild cop fish that I put on top of lots of different things so I have wild cop salmon wild cop macarol wild cop sardines from wild planet I love those those will have like 2,000 milligrams of omega threes per package and then in terms of plant based omega threes I love hemp seeds flax seeds basil seeds and chia seeds and um and then certainly wild cop or um regeneratively raised beef has a decent amount of omega threes so um so that's kind of the spectrum of pretty much what I eat and it seems pretty easy yeah it's pick and choose you include one of those servings in each of your meals and when you were coming up with this were you thinking about the distribution of how many times so much of the eat or and I know that this is you and of one but again you have outlining these protocols in your book do you have thoughts on the amount of time and individual should eat and how much they should consume at one time I get that much about that yeah certainly I think there's a couple ways that I think about that one is that we obviously want to give our body time in a state where it's not eating because that is good that's good for our biology it gives ourselves time to relax in a sense and keeps our insulin low so so because of that I mean I'm certainly a believer in thoughtfully chosen intermittent fasting and trying to limit our eating window to as short as we can in a way that doesn't stress our body excessively so for me that's usually about eight hours a day you know probably from 11 to 7 is my eating window and for me that allows me to have you know 16 hours a day when I'm not eating when my insulin's low when my body can really start to move through my glucose and start fat burning and I know that I get into fat burning because I'm testing my ketones and I know we're going to talk about all yeah I want to hear what the top biomarkers are yes and how you think about that yes yes so intermittent fasting for sure I think the average American now has 11 eating events per day that's a lot and where did you get that him is that from any state yeah there's there's I talk about the pay I'm not sure where that exact sources but it's it's wild how much we're eating and when we're eating what we can see on continuous glucose monitors is that often when we're eating or spiking our blood sugar which means we're spiking our insulin and so if you think about the amount of insulin your body is exposed to over the course of the day where you're eating all the time it's a lot so when I'm eating and choosing my eating times I'm thinking about you know I want to have a discrete eating period where maybe my insulin and glucose go up a little bit and then I want to give it a break and then I'll do it again so so that so so certainly finding ways to limit your eating window to give your body of a break and an opportunity to become more metaflocked, ballically flexible I think the research supports that immensely there's some controversy about this when it comes especially to women's health and hormones because it's thought that this hormetic stress or this extra strain on the body of fasting can be problematic for the delicate cycle of women's hormones and I think that's another example of where you really need to tune into your body and how you're how you're feeling and based on how metabolically flexible you are you may be able to tolerate more fasting than another person and that can change dynamically over time. I think it's a really a point this idea of fasting and I think that we should also question is it really fasting or is that how humans are designed to eat? We weren't designed to eat three square meals a day. We from my perspective we were designed to go through periods of feeding and to go through periods of fasting. I from the data that I've looked at fastings benefits really are again this compressed feeding window definitely helps for gastrointestinal also helps with individuals that are struggling with again snacking those kinds of things it really does allow for that allow for helping an individual gain control. It's an interesting point that I think that we should chat about this whole idea of women's health. Women's health, women's hormones sometimes they say fasting is in good for them sometimes fasting is it's a little bit all over the place. Here's where I would say fasting is not good for women. I read it because I've seen this in clinical practice many times over. If a woman is trying to get pregnant this is the time I don't recommend that she fast. Do I think that a restricted feeding window of 8 to 9 hours is particularly stressful on the body I don't because we probably were supposed to be eating within that time frame. Thank you to Paleo Valley for sponsoring this episode of the show Paleo Valley beef are some of my most favorite go to high protein snacks. They are 100% grass fed and grass finished. They are sourced from small domestic farms they use organic spices they come in different flavors whether it's original or teriyaki or summer sausage or even garlic summer sausage. They are fermented which is probably one of my favorite points about this product which creates this naturally occurring probiotic and of course they taste amazing. Paleo Valley is offering my listeners 15% off. You can use the code Dr. Lion or go to paleovalley.com slash Dr. Lion. These paleo valley beef sticks are amazing for on the go people and patients ask me all the time how can they plan for travel and just being out and about this is a great way to do it. Grab your 15% off paleovalley.com slash Dr. Lion. Another time where I don't recommend fasting is if an individual is older and trying to maintain skeletal muscle mass fasting is not the strategy. I'm curious your thoughts on this. With PCOS, polysitic ovarian syndrome being the leading cause of infertility in the US which is fundamentally disorder of insulin resistance. Would you say that there's probably this interesting balance that needs to happen between implementing fasting in the preparatory phase for pregnancy to get insulin levels under control. But in the actual time we're trying to signal to our body we're making new life and we need to basically we have all the resources we need that's a time to stop fasting. Yes. Because we do have to regain insulin sensitivity. The best way to do that is through affecting skeletal muscle. Yes. Through training, through exercising and you can use a CGM to see and validate for yourself that when you're getting up and when you're moving you're able to lower your blood sugar. Again, when you exercise you no longer require insulin to move blood glucose out of the bloodstream into the tissue, very, very fascinating. PCOS, the Linchpin and skeletal muscle. Regardless of where the defect is, whether it's an insulin receptor defect or skeletal muscle defect, the treatment, the most effective way is addressing the health of skeletal muscle. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I mean, I think this needs to be so much more of a conversation, which is that like the pregnancy optimization plan that we should really be talking about is optimizing, optimizing insulin sensitivity in the most evidence-based ways, which of course is going to be in precinct skeletal muscle. And I would say doing everything we can to support mitochondrial health so that we free up the mitochondria to do its best work, which then of course is going to decrease the insular lipids and increase insulin signaling. And that, you know, that's where we start to get into like dietary strategies and things like that, like really just helping the mitochondria do its best work. So it's like skeletal muscle and the dietary lifestyle strategies to support the mitochondria. Absolutely. And the majority of the mitochondria in the body is in skeletal muscle, right? Yeah. And that is one of the reasons why I love your talk, that you're talking about metabolic health because metabolic health there's many levers that we can pull. And also use it's something interesting about this idea of first principles. What are the first principles? What are the basic things that we need to do so that we can improve these biomarkers? What are your top biomarkers? And also, did you uncover particular things while you were researching writing this book that illuminated things for you that you hadn't thought of before? Well, in terms of biomarkers, the great news is that pretty much everyone can understand a basic picture of their metabolic health with like five simple biomarkers that are pretty much free to us with our annual filetami growth. Lay it on me. This is the biomarkers of metabolic syndrome. This is triglycerides, fasting glucose, HDL cholesterol, blood pressure, and waste or come friends. These are five biomarkers that can tell us whether we are in the 12% of Americans who are considered metabolic health. So in research out of 12% of Americans are considered metabolically healthy. Actually, unfortunately, based on the most recent research that was published in the American Journal of Cardiology, only 6.8% of Americans are metabolic healthy, but the UNC research that was done in 2018, which showed that 12% are metabolic healthy was based on those five biomarkers. And so basically over the past five years, we've seen a decline from 12% to 6.8%. But regardless, people should know and should prioritize knowing whether they are in that 12% above almost anything else. Because if you are metabolic healthy, your chances of dying from almost any of the major causes of mortality in the United States prematurely plummet. So those five biomarkers, like I said, are triglyceride HDL, fasting glucose, waste or come friends, and blood pressure. And to be considered by this criteria to be normal, it's triglycerides under 115, fasting glucose under 100, HDL cholesterol above 40 in men and 50 in women, waste or come friends, less than 35 inches in women and less than 40 inches in men and blood pressure, less than 120 over 80. So for people who have who fit all those criteria and are not on medication, you would be part of that 12%. It's interesting that they chose HDL rather than APOB, and it's interesting that they left out fasting insulin. Right. It is interesting. It would be very curious as to what those numbers would be, should they include them? I think we would, well, I think there's two things. One is that as you hear those numbers, I would imagine that you agree that many of them are far too lenient. They call those normal, but fasting, triglyceride, or fasting glucose, anything less than 100. That's great. But ideally, you want fasting glucose to be more between 65 and 85. So a lower area of normal, because all cosmortality and risk of developing titulid babies actually goes up in the high end of the normal range. So when you're in that 85 to 100, which is still considered normal, but is high normal, your risk starts going up. So they call less than 100 normal, but I would actually say it should be tighter. And then with triglycerides, less than 150 is a pretty lenient range. I like to see triglycerides less than 70 in terms of really decreasing our risk. Like being at the lowest part of the risk, you're going to be looking less at less than 70. So someone who's up in the 140s or triglycerides, I would still think that person needs to do a lot of dietary and lifestyle changes to be optimally healthy. So if we actually were focused on optimal ranges for all of those five metabolic syndrome criteria, I bet we're looking at less than 2% of the country who's actually optimally metabolicly healthy, same with HDL. I think based on the research that I looked at for the book, really between 60 and 90 is probably optimal, but they're saying that the standard criteria would be above 40 in men, above 50 in women. So that's one problem. The second problem is what you mentioned, which is that some of these key early biomarkers of metabolic dysfunction, like fasting insulin, like your acid, apob, are not even a part of the conversation. With all that said, those five biomarkers are essentially free on an annual physical, and I think most Americans can have those without any comfort, like debate with their doctor, and they can give you a clue about where you are on that metabolic spectrum. So certainly everyone listening should go find those numbers from last year and understand whether you are in the category of what we're considering metabolic health or or not. Yes, absolutely. Guys listening, I've encouraged you to get your inside tracker or at least pull up your routine blood work. And I'll just mention that individuals that eat a higher protein diet because a lot of the people listening do, their blood sugar will remain higher in the 90s because of gluconeogenesis. But guys, if you're listening, your insulin will be less than five pretty low. So if you are eating a higher protein diet, my I would expect for you to have a higher fasting blood sugar, do not be concerned. Yeah. It's a bigger picture. It is such a bigger picture. And I think someone who's fasting glucose is 95, but their insulin is three. That's a person I'm not going to worry about. You know, I try to list right of 45 and insulin of two and a fasting glucose of 96. You're doing great. And so, but it's all it's context dependent. I would say these are pretty broad brush strokes that we're talking about here for so that the average person who doesn't have inside tracker can like at least get an absolute. Yeah, absolutely. And I will say I worked on some of the earlier studies out of Don Lamin's lab and what he did is he reduced carbohydrates to 240 and anything below that reduced triglycerides, roughly 20% is amazing. Yeah. It's very, it's a very fast way when you address diet to improve these metabolic markers. Absolutely. What else and you are really interested in this metabolic health and the mitochondria and the cellular health when you're researching for the book did anything surprise you? It was unexpected. Well, I think there were a couple of things that were the research was so strong and it was some of the most simple strategies. I think it's like some of those stuff. You know, it's like lifting weights. Like, well, absolutely change your health in your life. It's free. And yet we're just not doing it. You know, and there were some things like that that were fascinating. I mean, one for me that was wild was just just honestly the benefits of walking. Like it's unbelievable. If walking or a pill, it would be the most successful pill in human history. I probably would say the same of course for weightlifting as well. But you look at research that's been published in Dama and really big journals. And the average American is walking about 3500 steps per year. If you look at certain, wait, we're 3500 a day. I'm sorry. A day. Per year. Let me repeat that. The average American is walking about 3500 to 4,000 steps per day. Which like basically takes about, that's like 30 minutes of moving. And that is astonishingly low. You look at certain indigenous cultures that are still, you know, still around today. And some of them are walking up to 20,000 steps per day. So 3500 is very poultry. If you look at the research, there's some of that shows that for people walking just 7,000 steps or more per day. There's 11 year follow up to the study. It reduced just walking 7,000 or more steps through day, reduced all cosmortality in the 11 year follow up by over 50%. Just by walking that amount. And then there's other research that shows that walking between 8,000 and 12,000 steps per day. In large populations can also decrease all cosmortality by about 15%. But you're by about 50%. But you're also looking at like 40 to 60% declines in risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes, Alzheimer's dementia, cancer, gastrocyphal reflex disease, so many different diseases. So some of the things that were most astounding to me and the research for the book were actually some of the simple. Thank you to element for sponsoring this episode of the show. Element spelled LMNT is an electric like pack that I've been using for a long time now. I'm a huge fan, which is why I'm thrilled that they are sponsoring this episode of the show. Element is formulated to help anybody and everybody with their electric like needs. Whether you know you need it or not. For example, if you are training and sweating a lot, if you are not getting enough sodium or potassium or magnesium in your diet, this has you covered. It's a science-backed electrolite Borrillo. It doesn't have any junk in it. It doesn't have any sugar. It comes in very easy travel packs. You can throw in your bag. I drink between 2 and 3 a day. They help me with muscle cramping. It helps me maintain my hydration. Case amazing. Right now, element is offering my listeners a free sample pack with any purchase. That's eat single serving packets free with any element order. Get yours at drinklmnt.com slash Dr. Lion. That's drinklmnt.com slash Dr. Lion. You can try it totally risk free. If you don't like it, you can give it to someone and they will give you your money back. No questions asked. There was other data like the power of eating slowly. So this is like one of my biggest problems because I love I'm you know. And by the way, we are cooking today. Just so you know, I have roped Casey in to cook with me and she's about to find out that I'm the world's most cook. And we have a 30G news letter which we include your recipes. We're going to include this recipe. You guys, if you are not on the list, you can go to my website. It is totally free. These recipes are totally free. But she is going to thoroughly embarrass me. Oh my gosh, we're going to have so much fun. We're going to have so much fun cooking protein. So I think because of medical training, I don't know if this is the case for you, but I like basically learned to eat fast all the time. I was always wolfing down food and the data actually suggests that when you look at people, the people in the the fastest quartile of eating versus the slowest quartile of eating had a four times higher rate of metabolic syndrome and two times higher rate of type two diabetes. So just slowing down at a meal time, which isn't changing anything about the food composition, it's just the speed. It actually has a measurable impact on disease outcomes. And it makes sense because as you're eating more slowly or triggering your satiety mechanisms more potently before you consume lots of calories and you can self-regulate a little bit better. So that was fascinating. Another piece of information. How slow are we talking? Well, it didn't actually say it was really just looking at quartile. So the fastest versus the slowest. I think there's simple things that you can do. Obviously you can take a couple deep breaths between each bite. You can chew your bites, you know, 20 to 40 times before it's slow. I can't really try doing that. It's really hard. It's also, can you imagine it's really annoying? Have you ever go and you? You're a dinner or someone and it's I'm telling you because I have done it because I absolutely agree with you. How do we slow down? You guys should all try this in home. Sit down, go to dinner and chew your food 40 times before you swallow that sector. Impossible. It's oh my gosh. You're never going to be invited back to dinner. No, you're going to take like forever. But one of the things that's helped me the most in terms of eating slower is just really committing to trying to eat more meals with other people. And so fortunate to have a wonderful incredible boyfriend to I live with. But prior to that, I was single for a couple years and I was eating a lot of my dinners alone. And so I would just eat them very, very quickly. And then I read several studies that show that eating with other people and eating in a situation where you're in community and in a com or more like grateful state, it's actually changes our metabolic response to the food. And I noticed that I eat so much slower. Now that I dinner every night with my wonderful partner because we're talking and we're interacting. And so I think literally it can be as simple as inviting if you live alone or your eating most from your own alone. One schedule family dinners make sure you're actually eating together at a table and sitting down and invite people over for dinner because you're naturally going to eat slower if you're having conversation. So that was a really, really big one. And Sean Stevenson has an amazing book. Yeah, I was talking about that. Yeah, I was talking about that. Yeah, I'm like, cookbook. He literally talks about how the average family in America. I think is eating three or less meals together per week. And we digest food in a way that's more optimal for health when we're in more of a pair of some that exist state when we're eating. When they're in a real rest and digest mode. And one of the ways that we can cultivate that is by slowing down expressing gratitude for our food, taking a few deep breaths before we eat and being with people that we trust and love. So I think that's a part of the conversation that doesn't even involve changing your food. It just involves changing how you eat. And then I'll just mention two others that kind of were interested in to me in writing of the book that I hadn't heard a lot about prior, which is one average American, astonishingly, is spending 93% of their time indoors, not outdoors. That's major. And this is such a modern phenomenon. Like if you think about the concept of indoors, like it's pretty recent phenomenon. And our biology ourselves are entrained by light signals. And so we're literally just self-imposing this box around us that separates us from our source. And the research clearly shows that the more time you spend outdoors, the healthier you are metabolicly, like less rates of obesity, less rates of diabetes. And of course, there's a lot of reasons for that. People outdoors are probably being more active. But I think there's probably a broader aspect to it, too, which is one obviously our circadian rhythms that control so many of our clock genes, our metabolic genes that are downstream of our, you know, light sensing regions of our brain, the superchized and that a nucleus. And when we're outside more, our body literally knows what time it is. And therefore, we'll express the right genes at the right time. And on top of all of that, I think, be outside of just one of the most pleasant calming, awe-inspiring things we can do because we're connected with our source. And that is good for our biology, too. So I think just literally making it a personal KPI to spend more time outdoors is something that I think can have major impacts on our health. So this is separate from like the protocol of getting the sunlight first thing in the morning. This is literally just like the sun and the earth is our source, like be outside more. And you will probably standing and moving and that's good for you and your joy and your hormones and all of it. And the last one I'll mention, a surprise from the book, is this concept of social jet lag. Have you heard about this before? It's really interesting. So we talk a lot about sleep quality and sleep quantity. And it appears that for sleep quantity, the optimal amount of sleep from metabolic health is between seven and eight hours. Of course, it's individual. But that the studies really show that seven to eight hours is great. But what people don't talk a lot about is sleep consistency. So there's quality, quantity, and consistency. Consistency means whether we're going to bed and waking up at pretty similar times each day. And the impact on our metabolic health of sleep consistency, I think it's far greater than people understand. I think people often think that if you're getting eight hours of sleep, even if that's between 10 and six or 12 and 8, that that's the same, but it's not. Because sleep is one of the three ways that we in train our internal clock. We in train our internal clock by bed time and wake time, meal timing. And whether we see natural light first thing in the morning and get rid of the light when the sun goes down. Those are the three main ways. And I think we're really screwing up sleep consistency. So social jet lag is a measure of sleep consistency, which basically looks at night to night, you are going to identify the midpoint of your sleep. So if you sleep from 12 to 8, your midpoint is four. And if you sleep from 10 to 6, your midpoint is two. And if the midpoint night to night is more than two hours on average, it doubles our risk of metabolic disease. You mean example? If so, basically if you adjust the sleeper a week time, two hours in either direction. So if let's say during the work week, I'm sleeping from 10 PM to 6 AM. That's eight hours. And my midpoint is two AM because that's four hours from when I went to bed and four hours from when I woke up. Then let's say on the weekends, I go to bed at 1 AM and I get up at 9 AM. The midpoint of that is like 430. So two, so it's the midpoint is two PM on the weekday and sorry, 2 AM on the weekday and 430 AM on the weekend. That's a two and a half hour social jet lag. Above two hours, and in that difference between essentially like work days and weekends, confers a much higher risk of metabolic disease. And likely that is because it's representing a real alteration day to day between how we're in training our circadian clock. And that's going to have lots of downstream impacts on our metabolic health and our insulin sensitivity. So so while we are most people are very aware of the importance of sleep quality and quantity, we really need to be dialing into consistency as well because that's one of the main ways that we actually reinforce our natural internal clocks. Again, the three ways are meal timing, sleep consistency, like essentially bedtime and wake time and then how we interact with light during the day. And these are really easy things to do to eat slower, spend more time outside, and go to bed and wake up at the same time. Yeah, nothing too complicated. And walk and walk. Is what do you do target a certain amount of steps because in part of the conversation, we recognize that wearables are important. But I think that you're also saying something that I believe and I think is really important is that we shouldn't be so tied to those kinds of things. The electronic, whether you're, did you hit this step count or not these these protocols that then become extremely rigid and create quite a bit of anxiety for people? I like the ideas, one of my very dear friends always talks about the idea of setting standards, not setting a goal for how many steps you're getting or not setting a goal for X, Y, and Z, but creating a life that is structured with standards over goals. Yes, I love that. Because we only have higher standards for our life. We're here for a short time. You gotta have high standards, right? Do you think about you'd mention that the day does pretty positive for between eight and 12,000 steps? Do you think that that's enough? So I think for people listening who maybe are not super active, although your little survey says probably very active, 10,000 might be intimidating to people. Like it's not just a given that you're going to get 10,000, so I would say at a very minimum aim for that 7,000. One's your consistent with 7,000. Pretty much every day bump it up to 8,000. Because the research does show that above 7,000, you're getting a huge increase in premature mortality. 8 to 12,000, we're getting even bigger increases. And from my understanding of the literature above 12,000, we're not seeing huge additional benefits. However, my belief is that certainly it's kind of like the more the better when it comes to gentle low-grade activity-like steps. And so I think if people are really shooting for that 8 to 12,000, averaging 10,000, we're in really, really great shape. And people, there's controversy about steps. And I think the key point that is so important to make is that it's not about the steps. It's not about the activity of walking. It's about activating major muscle groups frequently throughout the day. Because if you're walking 10,000 steps a day, it's sort of a proxy metric for getting up and moving your body, which means activating major muscle groups, multiple times per day. And this is a key point that I really want to drive home, which is that why that matters is that every time you're activating the muscle groups, it's a signal to the body intracellarily, those muscle contractions. I know I'm totally preaching the choir here, but like I love it. And then we can never hear it. And you are literally sending a biochemical signal inside the cell to push the glucose channels from inside the cell to the cell membrane. Those glute 4 channels that are going to take up glucose. You're also stimulating the mitochondria to have to make energy to actually create that muscle contraction. So if you're a person who's walking 10,000 steps a day or by proxy, just moving more frequently throughout the whole day, you are a person who has glucose channels at the cell membrane all day taking up glucose in an insulin independent way. And using the mitochondria, use it or lose it. If you are a person who sits all day and then exercises for an hour at the end of the day, you are a person who, awesome, you got those glucose channels to the cell membrane during that workout, but the rest of the day, they were stuck inside the cell. So it's a proxy metric for essentially pushing our metabolic processes to be active considerably throughout the day. It's not about the steps. I mean, I think you could probably they're easy to count because we can measure them and whatnot, but it could be anything. It could be air squats. It could be doing, you know, a couple air squats every 30 minutes throughout the day. You basically want to think about those muscle contractions as pushing your glucose channels to cell membrane and keeping them there so that become a person who's constantly more metabolic the active rather than someone who is sedentary with spurts of those pathways being activated. And that makes a lot of sense. Thank you to inside tracker for sponsoring this episode of the show, blood work is key. It is one of the pillars that you guys must be looking at. Typically, you want to look at your blood work quarterly. You want to understand where your baseline is. You want to treat your body like a business. You want to hit quarterly goals and make corrections when necessary. Inside tracker makes this accessible to you. Go to inside tracker.com slash doctor lion, you'll be able to choose from a multitude of various ways to get your blood work done and packages. You'll get 20% off. And if you are a healthcare professional or a coach, inside tracker has this amazing new platform that is free. It basically allows you to for no cost for professionals looking to take data driven and personalize approaches to their clients. It offers a platform to help you do this. Whether you are a lay person or a healthcare professional inside tracker is an absolute must. I use it personally for myself. Head over to inside tracker.com slash doctor lion and you'll get 20 percent off. And that makes a lot of sense. And thank you for clearing that up because it is an important point. It's not just about walking. It's this idea of how we're moving our body. How does that become a standard for our life so that we can become a metabolic healthy, right, metabolic flexible, age well, have a good life. All of the things that are associated with that. What about some of the auxiliary things? For example, when it comes to metabolic health, do you like a red light? Do you like a cold plant? Are there things that aside from diet exercise and sleep that you think are really important? Yeah. Yeah. When I think about metabolic health, the framework that I use is I want more mitochondria, working more effectively, processing more substrate. And any dietary lifestyle or choice that I make is focused on doing one of those three things. More mitochondria, more efficient, producing, processing more substrate. So when I think about cold plunge, I'm not thinking about checking a box of my 12 minutes of cold plunging off the list. I'm thinking about sending a thermal signal to my body to create more heat. And over time to create more mitochondria to create more heat because a cold signal is going to push the body in the mitochondria to generate more heat, which ultimately does one of those three things that I mentioned. And over time, the adaptation is going to be making more brown fat, which is more mitochondrial dense. So now I've got more mitochondria doing more work. And that's ultimately so good for metabolic health. So that's what I'm thinking about. I'm thinking about with all my choices, how is it communicating with my body? We get a few ways that we can communicate with our body. We communicate with our body through molecules, through molecular information, which is like food and supplements and potentially pills. We communicate with ourselves through sound. We communicate with ourselves through thermal energy, like the heat and the cold. And so all of those ideally are going to, and then of course, one of the big ones, which is light energy. So that's red light, that's blue light. It's all these different types of light. So we have molecular energy, thermal energy, sound energy, and we have photon energy. And I think when we can start to really see our choices, that lens of like, how are we communicating with the cells to do the work we need to be healthy? Everything becomes a lot simpler and easier. And if those choices are directed at the mitochondria, then they're probably going to make you healthier. So what I'm thinking about, for instance, like food molecules, it's like, what is my mitochondria? Like literally need defunction properly. I know it needs micronutrients because there's actually like bivitomins, zinc, magnesium required for the electron transport chain. So I should probably eat those things, because that's communication with my mitochondria to actually function properly. And with cold, it's the same thing with photons in the morning. It's similar. Red light, you know, I think there's, I frankly, I haven't dug deep into the literature on red light. And I actually don't include that in my book. But from what I understand, there's some good data on it. What do you think is the most importance of this? The health of the mitochondria, and then there's the volume. Do you think much about how do we improve the volume of the mitochondria? Well, I'm thinking about certainly quantity. Like brown fat is the perfect example of this. People who have more brown fat have lower rates of obesity and diabetes, and this is literally mitochondrial dense fat that we can impact through our choices, primarily cold exposure. And then certainly, as we're thinking about building more skeletal muscle, I don't know this for a fact. I'd be super interested to hear, I'm sure you know this. But like, if we're building more skeletal muscle, my assumption is that not only we have better functioning mitochondria, but we're actually just 3D printing more mitochondria, but I haven't looked at like the actual cellular data of that. But, um, and then I'm thinking about my topology. I'm thinking about how do I recycle my old damage mitochondria to actually create better, more functional mitochondria. So kind of all those components, which one is the most important? I don't actually know for sure, but um, but I'm kind of trying to deleting the whole back. I love it. And definitely with exercise endurance exercise increases mitochondrial volume, resistance exercise has a different impact on mitochondria. Very, very important. My topology, that's interesting. Do you carve that in the book? A little bit. Yeah. And again, this is the recycling of old mitochondria. How do we improve their function? Are there supplements that you like for mitochondrial health? There's a couple of different ways I think about supplements or mitochondrial health. The first is the micronutrient conversation. Literally our electron transport chain, the final steps of ATU reduction requires several micronutrients to work properly. So obviously, primarily we want to get that from micronutrient dense foods, which means real unprocessed foods, because processing is going to strip the micronutrients from the food. We also want fresh food, meaning like as close to the source as possible, because every day your food is dead or out of the ground, it's going to lose its micronutrient composition. This is why shopping at the farmers market actually matters. The average piece of food in the United States travels 1,500 miles to your plate. Every single mile, it's traveling. It's losing its micronutrient combination. And every day, the longer it sits in the shelf, even if it looks pretty. Yeah, it's degrading. It is. Yeah. So I'm thinking about food. And then because, unfortunately, we are such an uphill battle with micronutrients in our country, because our soil is so depleted from industrial agriculture that is just absolutely decimated the life of our soil. And the soil is what injects micronutrients into our food. Even if you're eating a perfect, unprocessed diet from the farmers market, we still might be behind. So I do take a high quality, multi-vitamin, every day in order to make sure I'm covering the bases on the B vitamins, the sink, the zinc, the magnesium, the vitamin C, and other micronutrients that I know are important for my co-ondrial health. I'm also taking your olethan A, which is a supplement from the company timeline. It's called mitochondria. We love them. We love them. And the reason is because it is really the only supplement on the market that has peer-reviewed data to show that it improves my topology. And so it is, I mean, the year olethan A story is so cool. And I think could make anyone into a biology fanatic. But basically, when you eat pomegranates and other foods with certain olagetanens, the microbiome will convert those food molecules into a, it can convert those food molecules into a substance called eurolythane, which essentially a post-biotic. It's made by the microbiome, goes into the body and tells the mitochondria to recycle their old damaged ones and make new ones incredible. Unfortunately, there are some people who do not do that conversion process of pomegranate to olethan A. Some people are inefficient at it. And you have to eat a lot of pomegranate, which has a lot of sugar to make enough to really promote my topology. So this supplement, basically, bypasses the glucose spike and directly gives your body what the microbiome would make, which I think is fabulous. And then I'm also just thinking about other things like what damages the mitochondria, like oxidative stress. And too much, you know, oxidative stress is both a cause and result of mitochondrial dysfunction and chronic inflammation. Sido kind actually in the bloodstream can damage the cellular processes that are essentially part of mitochondrial health. And so I'm also kind of just thinking about, okay, I want a decreased chronic inflammation. I want a decreased oxidative stress. So with supplements, I'm also thinking about omega-3 fats. So I take an omega-3 supplement because that's going to have an impact on my inflammatory pathways of the body. And I'm thinking about taking antioxidants. So in my multivitamin, I take weenate all, which is a prenatal that's filled with mitochondrial co-factors and antioxidants. And there's actually research that shows that men on antioxidants and supplementation have a four-time higher rate of having a successful pregnancy when they're pursuing IVF with their partner. Antia, and if you really think about the biology here, you want sperm with healthy mitochondria and antioxidants are one of the ways that you can do that. So omega-3's antioxidants, micronutrients, your althine, those are some of the main things I think about with my cellulentation from mitochondria. I love that. Any others you would have? No, I think that those are great. Thank you to first form for sponsoring this episode of the show with all this discussion on blood sugar regulation. I'm going to share with you one of my on the go keep my blood sugar stable snacks that is balanced with carbohydrates and protein and that is the level one protein bar. They come in all different kinds of flavors, chocolate chip cookie dough, chocolate mint cookie, one of our favorites is chocolate peanut butter pretzel. Yes, you heard that correctly. And what I love about the level one bar is number one. It has way protein in it. It has a one to one or close to one to one ratio of carbohydrates to protein that helps with blood sugar stability. They taste amazing. You almost think that you're eating candy bar, but you're not. So if you are looking for a sweet snack or potentially even a lower calorie meal, then level one bars are the way to go. Get yours at firstform.com slash doctor lion. That's first form.com slash doctor lion. Now I want to switch the conversation a little bit. I'm curious is if you believe that we are missing anything from an exercise perspective. Do you feel that there's things that we could be doing different or is it just that we need to be moving more and reframing or thinking around it or are there things very specifically that we are not doing that we could be doing. For example kettlebell swings or whatever it is. I think big picture like when we're thinking about public health and like the country as a whole less than 28% of Americans are even getting the super basic recommendations or are meeting the super basic recommendations for physical activity. So very small amounts of people are even doing the basic amount. That's enough. So I think big picture it comes back to the beginning of the conversation. I think part of what we need to do is reframe about actually away from even the concept of exercise and more towards the concept of just movement. Like our biology is optimized by being bodies in motion on every level. So at a very basic level we need to just like shift culture towards like how do we yes we have we're not a lot of us or knowledge workers we're working at computers but how do we shift things that we in our current culture are doing sitting and think about how to do those moving. We just have to because everything we're doing now is basically seated and we're not going to get healthy as a country unless we start just basically moving more throughout the day. There's all this really interesting research about this concept of neat which is not exercise activity. I think it's so funny that we have this fancy acronym for this word that basically is just what we used to do all the time which was move. So neat is any activity that you do that is not actually exercise but that is still moving the body and so this could be like walking from your card of the grocery store. This is gardening. This is playing with your kids. This is taking a walk with your partner after work. This is dancing and the research on neat is understandably kind of and sounding the more neat that you do the healthier that you are and so I think one of the things that people can do is essentially look at their days every day and look at all the activities they do every day and down to like the very very simple ones like brushing your teeth and catching up with your partner at the end of the day and how you spend time with your kids and reading and honestly just start to think about like which one of these can I start to do with activity. This could be as simple as like committing to maybe instead of having drinks with your friends at the end of the day you're going to take a walk with your friends and instead of catching up with your partner sitting on the couch you're just going to take a walk or throw a football back and forth with your partner at the end of the day. So just take stock of what you're doing and see which ones could be done standing or moving. And of course like a treadmill desk is a great way I saw one here. We have like it's my team moved it but we have one yes so I get that all the time people should be taking meetings standing walking all me and like one rule I have for myself is that if I'm doing social media I'm doing it on my treadmill desk because essentially it's like okay if I'm going to be doing that thing that I know I probably shouldn't be doing as much of like I'm going to be walking while I do it and I kind of hate that we're in a place in the world where like we have to talk about things like treadmill desk so that's so unnatural but because we are not as workers now we have to spend some of that time standing they are $100 on Amazon now these walking pads and the research there's actually research on PubMed about the impact of standard of treadmill desks and it's profound there was one study that extrapolated from a two week study that they did to show that if people were just walking on their treadmill desk I believe it was two hours per day could lose around 40 pounds in a year if they were consistent it was not a year long study but they were extrapolating from what they found in two weeks which I thought was interesting so again you know it's it's promoting those metabolic processes so to get back to your question about exercise one of the reframes I think we need to have is that exercise is not something to be checked off a list for health we need to become a more movement-based culture and that involves taking stock of how we're living our lives and converting some of those activities to movement that's absolutely foundational if you live in a neighborhood that has sidewalks you have a lower risk of obesity like there are so many elements of culture that just need to shift and then from the standpoint you brought this up earlier but I think when we are exercising is of course amazing but it's sort of on top of this movement-based we need to like get the baseline of the movement-based culture and then we need to start optimizing and what's amazing like you said for mitochondria each different type of movement has sort of a different benefit I think of walking which is just foundational in baseline as glucose disposal how do we actually just work through more of the substrate in the body for more of the time and get the glucose channels to solve memory more of the time that's how I think of walking there's high intensity interval training there's zone two training there's resistance training and there's more like liability-based workouts like yoga all of them have different benefits and so you know I think the resistance training is a non-negotiable because we have to build our metabolic armor I'm just quoting you here and then we can use zone two and we can use hit as like really some fine tuning to just like amplify the number and the opposite of capacity of the mitochondria we do have absolutely and I'll just throw this out there two guys listening there's a great paper and the title of it we can link it it's resistance exercise training ulters mitochondrial function and human skeletal muscle this this looks like it came out of Blake Rasmusins lab I've been trying to get him on the podcast he is now in San Antonio and it it's nice because it highlights there's a lot of information out there about endurance activity but this highlights the impact on skeletal muscle mitochondrial function which is which is pretty cool there are things that stand in the way of the messaging and health a lot of that is initiatives things that seem to be enhancing and seem and things that also seem to be really creating roadblocks in understanding and learning for example mele smun day to me that that's a roadblock for overall education to our families around health do you think there are or can you speak to any kind of health care food education initiatives and how you think that they're influencing our health oh my gosh that's a big topic it is so important because stepping back it's like everyone kind of wants a piece of the conversation because it is so lucrative right now health care is not only the largest industry in the United States it's the fastest growing industry in the United States and processed food is right behind that so there are so many initiatives some of which that maybe seem positive on the surface that ultimately if you really trace it back are driving people for more convenience food to feel good about convenience food choices you know and to feel good about essentially not being metabolic healthy and so I'm always looking at like follow the money like trace some of these initiatives back to like what they're actually leading to and if if an initiative is fundamentally not leading people towards better cellular health then it's probably not in your best interest and there's a lot out there I would say there's some wonderful organizations that I think are having a really positive impact like one that I am a huge fan of is eat real which is an organization that is trying to get more whole on-processed regenerative food into school lunches it's absolutely astonishing to me that our national school lunch program is serving ultra processed food which we know is poison that is going to shorten the lives of children the current generation of children growing up are on track to not outlive their parents lifespan it's it's astonishing and so that's a great organization there's many beautiful organizations that are focused on regenerative agriculture and so many incredible regenerative farms that are creating more education white buffalo land trust lots that are getting us back to understanding like how connected we are with the soil and our food so you know some of those are very very positive but yeah I mean I think one of the biggest examples that you're seeing right now is just the huge massive push about the GLP1 agonist you've got Oprah you know talking about how we need to be creating accessibility to all these medications at the at the highest level they're on track to be the highest grossing medication in human history and taxpayer funded and there is a place for these medications in very specific situations but they are not the answer to the public health crisis ultra crisis that we have right now because what they don't do are our our metabolic crisis is fundamentally the response of ourselves to an environment they can no longer handle that is what our metabolic crisis is the environment has changed so rapidly in the last hundred years across the pillars of food, sleep, movement, stress and the amount of toxic information we're getting through our devices environmental toxins, light exposure and temperature across those seven pillars are environment has changed in ways in astronomical ways in the past hundred years our cells can no longer handle that and they're becoming dysfunctional and now we have a chronic disease in metabolic is epidemic because a shot cannot fix the environment that is synergistically hurting ourselves the shot will never fix the problem certainly a shot can make you melt away fat definitely is a more effective than any medication I've ever seen and you know frankly we use it in the practice all the time but we don't use it on an ongoing basis we use it to really jumpstart people that have been struggling for a while and we successfully are able to get people off the medication with proper training and good nutrition and we don't have effects on scolite muscle because you're having people trained right and you're protein but I think when you when you got something like this that may have benefits but that is being essentially weaponized by industry to be seen as the panacea to the problem that's where things start to go off the rails it's now being recommended by the American Academy of Pediatrics in kids as young as eight and I think in a situation like that like we really need to start addressing every element of the environment before we go straight to something like that especially because for the $16,000 per person per year that that medication will cost individuals insurance companies or taxpayers you could take that $16,000 and totally reshape the environment that that person solves or living in so when we talk about costs and access we have to remember that someone's going to be paying for that $16,000 so that medication per year and we do as a culture and a medical community have the power to think about creative ways to reorient that towards creating a much more holistic healthy environment for people but we're just not really thinking creatively I think is a medical community. That's true and listen they creativity and medicine isn't necessarily there typically they are trained and as physicians should be very algorithmically there's a standard of care do you think there are a handful of really big misconceptions in health that you would love to clear up or are there or maybe not? The biggest misconception in the health care conversation is that being healthy is complicated. Boom! That is the biggest lie that we are being told right now and we have to remember that our confusion is the fuel that drives over $10 trillion of industry. Our confusion is the product. Our confusion is what gets us to be insatiable consumers of solutions when in fact it is so so simple to be healthy which is basically everything we've talked about on this podcast it's like being healthy involves eating unpoisoned unprocessed food moving your body having skeletal muscle getting decent sleep avoiding environmental synthetic toxins getting sunlight during the day not having too much artificial light at night and making sure I would say almost most importantly that we are preventing our eyes and minds from seeing a constant bombardment of fear inducing media coming to the screens in our hands that we fall asleep with because that might be the most unnatural thing about our modern environment even aside from the close to 70% of our calories coming from all to ultra-processed franken foods or the fact that we have 80,000 synthetic toxins in our food water air and homes that have virtually non-mintested adequately for safety all that's bad but the fact that we have a screen in our hands that's telling us the struggles and the fear of 8 billion other people 24 hours a day which our brains I don't think were ever intended to handle that much fear inducing information that is putting a constant inflammatory fundamental nervous system grip on our bodies that is totally inconceivable health because anything that is putting our body in a state of constant existential fear is going to divert our cellular resources towards defense and threat response and fear management away from thriving an optimal health so I think you know if we really just focused on you know get rid of the diet wars get rid of the exercise words wars it's like eating processed real food that's not covered in pesticides move your body you know lift heavy things to build muscle most of our health care costs would have operate but the confusion drives the industry and so now we have been convinced that it is confusing when actually by and large it's not on the margins in the optimization realm there's a lot of room I think for for debate but for by and large creating a healthy cellular environment it's very simple well said that it that's kind of like dropping the mic in the bomb all at once confusion drives industry and our fighting amongst ourselves all of the noise creates distraction and further makes people sick I'm so glad you wrote the book good energy where can people find you you guys will love this book and we will share it you all have to check out our recipes that we're doing together where can people find more of you hmm well I am at kc means dot com I am on dr kc's kitchen on social channels and my company levels health which is at level health dot com has an incredible blog that talks all about metabolic health and that's of course the company that helps people get access to continuous glucose monitors but yeah my my my website and you'll see a newsletter pop up when you get on my website the newsletter is really I put my heart and soul in terms of like my hottest takes and so sign up for the newsletter and then of course good energy is wherever books are sold and my hope is that this is like a pretty straightforward guidebook for for living your healthiest life and mentions dr gobby allian many times in the book so thank you so much my friend thank you for taking the time to come here and sharing all your knowledge and your personality with us everyone's gonna love it thank you