Most people worry more about breast cancer than heart disease, but here's what almost no one tells you. You're 10 times more likely to die from a heart condition than from breast cancer. And if you're a woman having chest pain, you'll wait longer in the ER. Need less likely to get an EKG, and more likely to be sent home on diagnosed. And you are 10 times more likely as a woman to die from heart disease than you are from breast cancer. Heart disease is the number one killer of women. But we're still using diagnostic tools, risk scores, and treatment protocols designed for men. First, that every woman needs to be on HRT, that is not true. And secondly, that it will cure heart disease, and thirdly, that it can replace your statin. And today, we are setting the record straight. I am joined by Dr. Martha Guladi, a globally recognized leader in Women's Cardiovascular Health. Former President of the American Society for Preventive Cardiology, and the mind behind some of the most important advances in female specific heart research. The more physically fit you are, the longer you live, independent of all your other cardiac risk factors. So it's an independent predictor of both cardiovascular mortality, dying from heart disease, or dying from any cause. So exercise is medicine. We'll talk about why women's heart attack symptoms often get missed. The real link between your first period, pregnancy, and future heart risk. So anatomically, you know, I tell everyone to make a fist, and usually that's kind of the representative sign of the size of your heart. So size matters how fitness, trackers, and hormone therapy may not be telling you the whole story. And the truth behind, quote, anxiety, missed diagnoses that are actually silent or conditions. Whether you're in your 20s or your 70s, this episode could save your life or the life of someone you love. Welcome, Martha, Gullady, Dr. Gullady, and I have to tell you when I first saw you, it was actually at the White House. On stage, and you were talking about heart health and women, you were amazing. And I am so lucky to have you on this show. I'm so happy to be here, and thank you for having me. You really have an incredible reputation. The immediate past president of the American Society for Preventative Cardiology. You are a professor of cardiology at the Smith Heart Institute at Cedar's Sinai. I got that right, did I? You did. The practice in Los Angeles, and the director of Prevention and Associate Director of the Barber Streisand Women's Heart Center. The list of achievements goes on. You are really paving the way for women, both for women and as a woman. Oh, thank you, really. It's truly an honor to be sitting here with you. I have learned a lot going through your research as my team did as well. I had no idea that essentially women's hearts are different than men's or have differences. Yeah, I mean, I think that women are biologically different than men. And so I only know the heart because that's my organ. But you could literally say that about the whole human body that they're going to be some biological differences, even when we share the same organ because something about being xx as a woman is different than being x, y. You know, I was looking at some of the statistics just as how many women die part of these. It seems to be the leading killer of women. One and three women will die from it. Yes, that's true. I mean, it is the leading killer. And I know when you ask women what they think they're going to die of or what is their number one health concern. The answer is always cancer and it's actually almost always breast cancer and you are 10 times more likely as a woman to die from heart disease than you are from breast cancer in the United States. Why we missed that? You know, the roots are so far gone. It starts with back, you know, back in the early 1900s, what did women die from often childbirth or infectious diseases. And then over time, as we started developing medications, you know, we had a president in the United States who was a man, obviously, who died of heart disease while he was in the office in the White House. And that helped men recognize that heart disease could happen to them too and it brought national attention to it. And when I was in medical school, I remember very distinctly and everyone who's gone through medical school probably remember this picture. Remember how we learned from netter diagrams, the netter drawings, that drawing of a white middle-aged man, you could tell he had just smoked and he was at a business meeting because he had a briefcase. They had was so descriptive netter drawings. And he had dropped this briefcase on the ground. It was a cold win-tree night. And it was a man having a heart attack. And we were to remember it because he was clutching his chest and giving us a clear example of the person that what they would look like if they're having heart attack. And somehow that transmitted even to the medical community that this is a disease of men. And we know that even in our entire medical community, there's still a bias when a woman presents with chest pain. She gets treated different than how a man is when he presents with chest pain or chest discomfort. And so despite the fact that it's the leading killer of both men and women. And so there's a real problem because we haven't really educated the medical community that well and we also haven't educated the public in enough ways. Women are very good about getting their house screening. When you talk about breast cancer, when the pink ribbon campaign, it did teach women to go and get that done, get their mammogram done. And not to the little breast cancer, they've made the greatest strides in prevention and that's why the mortality rate from breast cancer is actually quite low. But for heart disease, we have not done the same. And part of that is certainly what you're saying and women were not needed necessarily in research. I don't know another term. They weren't mandated to be in research until 1993. Yeah and it really took even from 1993. It wasn't that day that some tap turned on and women got into research. It was suddenly the observation that women were being left out of clinical trials. And it goes back even a little bit further because if you think, remember, back in the 60s which predates us. But in the 60s there was a drug called the Lidimide. And the Lidimide was released with no studies. But it was too, the with a promise that it would reduce morning sickness for women. So without studies, women in Europe started using the Lidimide and much to the negative offset for the offspring was that, you know, we saw the abnormalities that were created as a result of that drug. So almost immediately, the FDA said it then in early 1970s, women will not be included in trials. Women of child bearing ages will not be included in clinical trials. But because of that, it sort of got translated to our medical community just less leave women out of it. And part of that was also because they also knew hormones change in women. So they're like, well, we don't know. You know, if they're pregnant or not pregnant and going through menopause or not, how does that affect less just leave them out of it. And so that went on for more than two decades. And then finally, Bernardine Haley, who was a cardiologist and the first woman to lead the National Institute of Health, she was the one that said to the Congress, where are the women? We need to have them here. And she used cardiac examples. She actually gave this beautiful analogy of the story of Yanto. Do you know the story of Yanto? So Yanto is a woman and she wanted to study the Talmud, but she couldn't because she was a woman. So she disguised herself as a man to be taken seriously. And Dr. Haley used that story to say, do women have to be disguised as a man in order for us to take them seriously? Do they have to present exactly like a man? Why aren't we putting them in research that we find out exactly how they present? And so she talked about it as Yanto's syndrome that we needed to cure Yanto's syndrome. So I think I've been spending most of my career and I remember writing my letter to medical school and to residency in fellowship saying I was going to help contribute to curing Yanto's syndrome. And that really was the beginning, but I will tell you, it was 2016 that the NIH finally said that animal and cell studies needed to include female lines. So female animal studies, female cell lines study. That was only 2016. That's not that long ago. And so if our basic science isn't there to lead us to what to do, you know, we don't have the beginning of the information and we're just getting it, but even our clinical trials, the trials that develop the new drugs that we use or interventions that might be beneficial or devices. If we don't include women in those trials, and if there's no obligation that you must include women, it really is affecting what we know about women. It is terrifying that one and three women will dive heart disease into the number one killer. And it seems as though we are not getting better at reducing those numbers. Is that true? Or have we gotten better and her disease is this kind of thing of the past? It's definitely not a thing of the past, but we did make some strides. I will say, in 2001, we started seeing mortality rates and women come down. For men they had already come down, but for women they were much higher than men. And then they suddenly started falling. And what happened in 2001? A big trial that included women. It was a woman, only study, it was called the Women's Health initiative. And whether people want to critique women's health initiative, whether it was a good study or bad study, is the biggest study we've ever done of women. We'll never get a study funded from the government in that size ever again. How big was that? I'm forgetting right now off hand the numbers, but it was so large and overnight changed the prescriptions. The number one prescription in the United States at that time was hormone replacement therapy. And overnight after that study was released, it dramatically reduced. And so we saw at that time that the number started declining. Additionally, at that same time in 2001, we had women specific guidelines come out. We started the Go Red campaign, that was a national campaign to bring awareness to the number one killer. So things started coming down, but now what's concerning is in the last decade mortality from cardiovascular disease is increasing. And it's actually increasing in both men and women now. And what that's concerning us for a couple of reasons, the biggest one being is that it's killing younger people. How old? So under the age of 55, those people who went men and women, but specifically the women are having higher mortality rates than men. And we know that the younger population, of course, has more cardiac risk factors now. They definitely eat differently from younger ages. There are more seditary. There's even children now, or young teens, that are being diagnosed with type 2 diabetes and hypertension. So there's definitely a less healthy population that we need to reverse all the cardiac risk factors that are coming at very young ages. But I think the other thing also is that younger people, especially young women, when they're present with cardiac signs and symptoms, we tend to think it's something else. We tend to discount their chest pain or chest pressure as anxiety and stress for women and we send them away. And they're less likely to be treated as aggressively as men. So there is something about being a young woman who may be at risk for heart disease, but you may not get treated in the right way. It's a somewhat counterintuitive in the same vein. In my mind, we were thinking older individual. 55 and above would be the highest risk for cardiovascular disease. You think a woman is gone through menopause. Her low hormone status is going to really put her at risk. But what I'm hearing you say is that it seems as though the younger generation now, they have an increased risk, which is again counterintuitive because we're assuming that their hormones are high, that estrogen, progesterone, testosterone in both men and women, like progesterone. So not so much in men, is cardiovascular protective. And you're not wrong on that too. I mean, women do tend to have about a 10-year delay in terms of the peak of when heart disease starts really being a problem, but it doesn't mean that when you're younger, you can't be at risk. Just for an example, we say that when you have type 2 diabetes, you lose that sort of hormone protection that generally we think that's what keeps women from having heart disease at young ages. It's still a disease of aging, atheroscerotic cardiovascular disease for sure. It definitely occurs much more when you're older. But if you die when you're under the age of 55 because you are somebody who's unfortunate enough to have heart disease, that's really unfortunate, especially given our life-saving medications that we have these days, our interventions, including medications, but also devices are better than they've ever been. We have a way to save somebody if they're having a heart attack, but we need to recognize that that person is at risk and there is still this prevailing myth that if you're young, you're not at risk and that is changing in our US population. Colenoscopies start now at 45. Yes, then you should be 15. For any yes friends, for the sure you're all due, cardiovascular screening is there a requirement? I'm unaware of an age requirement. That's been the hardest thing that what we do recommend is after the age of 18 that everyone be screened for heart disease and that they be screened on a regular basis with their primary care or family physician. The problem is is that it's not often happening. We've created all kinds of tools. We know that of course blood pressure needs to be checked at every visit. That's with their exception. Colenstrol at least once at the age of 18. And then perhaps every five years after unless there's some abnormality that makes it need to be checked more frequently or if there's a family history or you already have high cholesterol then it should be treated. We've created even risk scores where you can plug in people's numbers and their risk factors and it will give you a prediction of not just their lifetime risks because especially when you're talking with young people, lifetime risk may be you're saying when you're 90 you're going to get heart disease. Okay, but we also can give you the tenure risk and tenure risk is more near term and can actually help people understand it both ways. They can be thinking about the future. I don't want to get heart disease but what's my near term risk. For younger people I think the short term risk often if you're 20 or something you're going to come out as low risk. But knowing that you're at high risk in the future may make you change your behaviors. But I always tell my friends as a cardiologist who gets a lot of referrals. I've never gotten a letter or a referral by somebody saying this person is that high risk for heart disease. Like they've done that actual calculation. We've used something called the ASCBD risk score or a thorough scarotic cardiovascular disease risk score where you can people can plug in their own numbers and calculate their risk and these are online. Now we will be using something called the prevent risk score. So I do think in a new set of guidelines that we're expecting in a few months it's going to come out with a new risk score and I actually like that risk score more because it includes other things than just what we usually thought of as risk factors for heart disease. So your age, your sex, whether you have high blood pressure or not what your cholesterol is and whether you're diabetic or not and whether you smoke. The new risk score prevent has all of that but it also has included things like body mass index, socioeconomic status. So where you live geographically and may actually determine your higher risk exposure to pollution. Maybe socioeconomic status just based on living in the zip code but also chronic kidney disease is a risk factor and we're understanding the link between the kidneys and the heart more than ever now. So I'm actually happy that this new risk score will come out but my concern is you can make a new risk score but what people use it will our medical community use it and translate it to our patients. This episode is brought to you by Monacoara Honey. Let's talk carbs. Specifically honey and no it's not the nickname for my husband I usually call it something else. So people have this idea that carbs are bad and frankly it's not true. I use Manicara Honey daily. Well-position carbs like Manicara has been amazing for my own personal training and I think of Manicara Honey as a functional carbohydrate. It's not just sugar. This product is packed with probiotics and to accidents that support digestive health and your immune system. So it's serving a dual purpose. Getting you carbohydrates while also having other immune modulating properties. One of my favorite ways to eat it with my family is with apples or I have these small little travel packs that I use every single time before I speak. So if you are looking for something sweet or adding extra carbs to your diet and any capacity this is the way to do it. Head to Manicara.com that's m-a-n-u-k-o-r-a-dot-com slash doctor lion you'll get $25 off the starter kit which comes with an m-g-o 850 plus Manuka Honey jar, travel spoons and a guidebook. It's really it's amazing. That's Manicara.com slash doctor lion for $25 off your starter kit. I think it's really interesting. The someone turns 18. They get an EKG. They get blood pressure cuff. They get a lipid panel cholesterol. I trained in family practice originally. I've done that a million times and to think that that is an adequate screening. I just as I fast forward to some people that I have seen that have had heart attacks and then you look at other risk items. For example, let's see all these are normal. But you know your friend Kristi Valentine was on and you was talking about LP little A. I was just going to say LP little A where's the LP little A? I mean, I think that you need to do those things but actually if people can remember three things that they should get because the risk scores, if no one's going to calculate them, I think you know, my friend Paul Riddker always says if there's three things you can check, it would be your cholesterol. So your LDL cholesterol particularly, your LP little A because that's genetically determined and it's going to be the same pretty much throughout your life. For women maybe it changes that menopause, it does tend to increase. So if it's normal pre-menopausal, it may increase post-menopausal and then your C-reactive protein. And if you get those three things done, at least those will help us know your baseline risk. Things can change too and those numbers can change. So it's important to recognize that and be assessed because even in our life, everybody can think of times in their life where they gain too much weight, they were under a lot of stress, they couldn't get their exercise and their diet change maybe because they weren't even living in their own home and so sometimes when you're on the road as some of our road warriors are you don't have the choice always to eat the most healthy food. Things can change in our life and that's why we need it to be screened on a regular basis but I think that that's different, it's not as easy as a mammogram and that's the hard part. We can tell women go get a mammogram, you can empower a woman and a woman actually in the United States since the Affordable Care Act was in place. A woman can request a mammogram even when they don't have a primary care physician, they can go and get a mammogram and that made it easy and accessible. We need to do the same for cardiac risk screening. How does someone know that they're at risk? They're having cardiovascular disease, maybe we have a 35-year-old female 40-year-old female listening to this. Yeah, I would ask them to make sure they get those three things checked especially the LDL, the LP Little A in the high sensitivity C reactive protein, talk with your physician about your blood pressure and all those numbers and talk about your family history because family history at least gives us a clue. Sometimes it's genetic, sometimes it's not and we need to know more about you but we would definitely have a heightened risk or heightened concern I guess if we knew that there was a family history of early heart disease. I think that's the easiest way to start the conversation. There are things that are unique to women though that in these traditional risk scores including the new prevent risk score do not appear and so we do need to personalize it for the individual and I think for women it's even more important to personalize it. I need to know about your reproductive history. I need to know about things that happened related to your onset of your period or if your period stopped was it early was it late on both sides those things can put you at a heightened risk. I need to know if you have polysistical variance in room. I need to know if you had functional hypotherlamic gay menoreo which happens in women who have anorexia or bulimia. I need to know during pregnancy did you have any of those adverse pregnancy outcomes like pre-eclampsia or any type of hypertension during pregnancy that heightened your risk for heart disease same with just diabetes same with pre-term delivery and same with a small for gestational age baby. Women know all of that they remember the reproductive history better than their doctors will be able to recall it but we don't ask about it enough and those women who have had especially the adverse pregnancy outcomes we know that their risk for heart disease is high and we're not talking 20, 30 years down we're talking in the next 10 years that those are the early heart disease that we see and we are not telling women that because if they had hypertension during pregnancy often it disappears after the pregnancy and so nobody is saying to them hey you're at a higher risk you know we need to control all your risk factors do you know your cholesterol if you don't let's check your cholesterol and that's what we're doing now we we call it the field of cardiovascular and we are working much more closely with our gynecology colleagues and really identifying the women that are at higher risk but I know that we have the fortunate and academic medical center but we need it to spread across the United States and work with our internist and family physicians because they are the ones that are really the ones caring for those women who will know everything about them it is it is a very noble effort to reach primary care internists I do think that that is so important which again is one of the reasons why I wanted you on because there is very few individuals that are talking specifically about women women in menopause women pairing menopause from the lens of cardiovascular health and again the women's health initiative you said in 2001 the number one prescription was hormone replacement we don't know if heart disease was a lower imagine imagine it was lower right maybe the heart disease overall the mortality rate from heart disease or maybe the ability to detect heart disease or the death from heart disease was potentially lower I only said because I'm assuming people were less obese than the obesity number seven rates were quite high back at that time actually that was our height of our heart disease but that was because so many women I think across the country were using a medication that had not been well studied and so in that medication was hormone replacement and high doses not the type of doses that are out now that women might be prescribed for menopausal symptoms but high high doses what we used in the women's health initiative and what was being used at that time was unstudied you know we think about that book called did you ever read the book called feminine forever it was where it said hormone therapy for women was the fountain of youth and it in that book it said everyone should be on HRT and so every woman was taken that every woman but many women were taking it and this is where we've harmed women we put people on hormone replacement therapy without studies we were in fact at one time it was unopposed estrogen so we were causing uterine cancer in women until that we they started seeing higher rates and they're like oh yeah we should probably make them bleed out and give them progesterone at the same time if they're uteruses intact and so that also I mean women have not been treated well by our medical community to be honest in in all aspects we're sort of thought of after we give medication without even consideration for what might be a consequence and that that's way medicine wasn't it wasn't that long ago you know it's it is unfortunate and I wonder now it's almost as if the pendulum has won the other way and now it's 2001 everyone comes off hormone replacement they spend over a decade really I don't almost two decades where hormone replacement seems to be very fringe it is making a reappearance and wonderfully so because they're obviously being there are many benefits but can you address the I'll start with misinformation and then go to the information of what people need to know about with hormone replacement and heart disease yeah I think that's such an important question and I I'm told my by my gynecology colleagues that now we should be calling it menopausal hormone therapy or menopausal therapy rather than HRT even though that's what we all had been referring to it as and the good news one thing that I can say is in addition to hormone replacement we actually even have a new medication out that is beneficial that is non-hormonal for the hot flashes so that's good we're developing new medications but the big myth out there right now that I see even some gynecologist hopping on the spend wagon without evidence is saying first that everyone needs to be on HRT that is not true and secondly that it will cure heart disease and thirdly that it can replace your statin and I tell my woman like if you need HRT if you need menopausal hormone therapy I'm not against it unless you have heart disease if you have heart disease you should not be on it that data is quite strong and we do not recommend it when you have heart disease but four a woman who doesn't have heart disease what we tell them is it's not going to reduce your future risk of heart disease that data is not there no matter what anyone says that is a big that is a big statement and there is a ton of information out on the web talking about how the data is very clear that it will protect the head yes and I know where that data is coming from so there's a very small study that looked at crowded into more media thickness and said that some the you know small study and I actually quickly right now don't remember the exact numbers but it was a very small study and they did show a statistically significant difference in the women with HRT in terms of the plaque build up compared to somebody who was not on HRT it was statistically significant you can have a p-value that's significant but the amount of plaque was minuscule and meaningless so it has to mean something clinically it also needs to be in a randomized trial in a large study to really prove effectiveness intermediate endpoints we never say that plaque is going to be enough for us to say that something's effective but especially when it was such insignificant amount of difference in plaque but to say that a hormone replacement therapy can substitute for stat and that is absolutely not true and we tell people like this is one thing that is happening people are substituting their statin for hormone replacement even when they're not having um vasomotor symptoms really this medication should be used for people with vasomotor symptoms and like I said we have hormonal medication and non-hormonal in between you and your gynecologist we need to figure out which one works for you but in terms of taking away your stat and if you have high cholesterol there is nothing else that you need but cholesterol lowering age and it doesn't have to be a stat and I know a lot of people think that's the only thing out there there's a lot of misinformation about statins online but I won't get into that but they're good drugs we've had them for 40 years but the good news is if you have any issues or concerns or don't want to be on a statin we have lots of LDL lowering agents right now and with that being is that am I? Is that am I PCSK9 inhibitors like Rapatha and Pralulant we now have something called Inclusoran that we can give every six months and you come to it you don't even have to remember we do it in the office for you and we have another medication called Bempedoic acid and this area is dramatically changed than even about 10 years ago where 10 years ago we just really had statins and as that amide was emerging at that time so we can treat your cholesterol but cholesterol is not getting magically removed by being on a mental puzzle hormone therapy so I think that we need to work you know and then the other thing is is that for people with heart disease they certainly need to understand that they're at higher risk and that data that we nobody's ever disputed and we've never had so many fights about the way we have for people from my primary prevention standpoint but I love only work with our colleagues like when our physicians don't necessarily know for sure should this person be on it they have a number of risk factors what should we do and ultimately it comes down to the patient I'm a big believer that we share the information and together it's shared decision making that if somebody really feels that their quality of life is so significantly improved when they're on hormone replacement therapy and even if there might be some risks there is some benefits and we know that but we work it out together and decide what's best for that individual but just be careful of the people out there you know I the other thing I'm not a big believer in those bio identical hormones that people are implanting in so many of my patients in LA the pellets there there's nothing we can't guess your the amount of hormone you need versus the amount of hormone I need bio identical is just a marketing tool and the safety of it I would question but I think that that these things we should all be questioning about what are people putting into us because the one thing about a one they implant pellets can't get them out like we're not actually found in pellets for exactly that reason and it doesn't allow you to adjust the do exactly when it comes to heart disease we're using this as if perhaps there's a unified term and I'm wondering how do you define heart disease is it imaging is it blood pressure is it plaque build up yeah you're right heart disease means a lot of different things and and when I talk about atheroscerotic cardiovascular disease I'm really talking about the disease of the coronary arteries that creates plaque in them um so atherosclerosis having plaque in your arteries that's just one version of heart disease though as you and I know there's diseases like heart failure that can be connected to atheroscerotic cardiovascular disease but also can be independent um so heart failure is a common issue especially heart failure with preserve detection fraction for women is much more common in women than it is in men whereas heart failure with reduced detection fraction is much more common in men than in women and the would you say what is the overarching cause of heart disease is there one are they different and men versus women oh well they okay so again it depends on which form of cardiovascular disease and I hadn't even finished there's so many other forms you can be born with type some heart disease as well you know congenital heart disease you can have aridmias and all these other things can happen the heart is one beautiful organ that when things go wrong can create problems depending on lots of different things newborns don't get coffee to wake up unless you drink a ton and you're breastfeeding no they don't they get cholesterol and that's the OG energy shot I'm always looking for easy meaningful ways to support my health especially God Health since that's where good health starts that's why I've added one of the sponsors to the show Amara cholesterol to my iced coffee it is a whole food supplement packed with over 400 bioactive nutrients like prebiotics and peptides that help strengthen immunity support digestion and optimize performance and health Amara which is a company I love these a unique technology to preserve these nutrients in their purest most bio available form which is why it is an absolute standout product from everything else that I've seen I also love that they are third party tested so you can trust that what they have on the label is also what's in the product and they've got a special offer just for my audience get 15% off your first order at tryamra.com slash doctor line that's t-r-y-a-r-m-r-a dot com slash doctor line but when we talk about athero-scrotic cardiovascular disease or when you have disease in your coronary arteries the commonest causes of that are I mean if you smoke it's is one of the leading risk factors the good news in America is that smoking has actually gone down significantly and so that's actually helped with the reduction in cardiovascular disease but diabetes hypertension and high cholesterol those tend to be the leading known causes and reversible causes you know you could have genetic causes of athero-scrotic cardiovascular disease as well that disease that you talked about with Dr. Valentine LP little A LP little A is determined genetically how much LP little A you will make will be different than what I will make and it's genetically determined and so that is something that maybe inherited if a family member has early heart disease or early stroke you might be carrying LP little A around and not even knowing it until something happens and right now we don't have a good treatment for LP little A aside from lowering your LDL cholesterol and controlling all your other cardiac risk factors but talk to us in 2026 because we have two really big trials going on that might teach us can we by lowering LP little A improve outcomes in athero-scrotic cardiovascular that would be that would be fascinating you know I was listening to as you were talking about statins and the health outcomes do we know that lowering hypertension fixing type 2 diabetes affects long term outcomes if plaque is there so if someone is is it fair to say the number one cause of heart disease is afflone sclerotic heart disease yes or what if we were to say that percentages is it maybe 90% of people if they're going to be suffering from heart disease with that kind it's it's about half of the type of cardiovascular disease that we see the most common thing we see clinically is athero-scrotic cardiovascular disease and heart failure then is number two those are the things that we see the most of and the reason we see the most of them is because they are so closely linked to particular risk factors that are hugely prevalent in the population even heart failure for example obesity is strongly linked to the development of heart failure type 2 diabetes is also strongly associated with heart failure and hypertension as well is strongly associated with heart so we and we know specifically for again for women if they have obesity they are more prone to that type of heart failure that we call heart failure with preserved ejection fraction so meaning that when you look at the heart function it hasn't actually decreased it looks the same or normal but it isn't able to relax normally and it's not able to pump out the blood adequately and give symptoms like somebody whose heart is actually dilated and failing but doesn't look like it's failing and until recently we haven't really understood half path partially because it is in women and we haven't studied them but now we're in an era where we are actually having a few drugs now that have really proven to be effective for what we call half path or heart failure with preserve ejection fraction the ability to reverse plaque is plaque really soft or hard plaque where the damage from afflose chlorosis comes from is that really what we're targeting we aren't so much targeting the hard plaque the hard or calcified plaque tells us that it's been there for a while and it's already once it's calcified will we use test to tell us if there's calcified plaque there because we can see it easily on a CT scan even when you have no contrast dye we can see that calcified plaque it's not going to go anywhere and it's not even scary plaque to me calcified plaque just means you are laying down you've laid down cholesterol so you've laid down this plaque in your arteries but you probably have soft plaque now that we should be worried about more it's the soft plaque that has the risk of rupturing and causing a heart attack or causing a stroke and so when we know that there's calcified plaque it just helps us know that that's somebody at risk and so some of you may be asked to get a calcium score it's giving us a clue but I have a lot of patients who always are worried and they want to repeat studies to look at that calcified plaque got worse and I'm like don't worry so much about the calcified plaque or they expect the number to go down because they're on a cholesterol-loring agent and I always warn them in advance isn't that part's not going away it's going to stabilize but if we can get your cholesterol as low as possible we can prevent soft plaque from forming and that's really the target of the treatment we can see soft plaque not with a calcium score but with something called a CT and geogram a cardiac CTA and that can be an image that we used to look at both soft and hard plaque in general I would say the insurance indications anyway for getting a CCTA is when you're having symptoms and so we generally won't just order it for someone because they want to know but you can pay for it out of your pocket I do have patients who actually will say can I just have that study anyway but if you have symptoms we can certainly can it's a good way to really know the anatomy know what's going on in the heart arteries and seeing is believing and we can really now we can use different techniques with AI and other things that measurements that we can do that we can even tell if the degree of stenosis in the coronary CT is significant or not is there plaque regression there is there can be plaque regression and we've seen that in our cholesterol lowering studies particularly with statins where they looked at people who were randomized to statins versus non-statins and saw that the soft plaque did regress we generally we don't repeat those studies in our patients routinely and depending on what imaging you had like I said if you've had calcified plaque and that's all you know you're not going to expect too much regression of calcified plaque but soft plaque yes you would expect it we don't always measure it but we have it proven in studies when we lower LDL cholesterol that we can lower we can reduce and or regress plaque from a clinical standpoint what I'm hearing you say is that heart plaque is seen that is what you will get when you get in normal CT CT and geogram will show both soft and hard plaque the heart plaque is staying there we don't really care about it but it's the soft plaque and it's the progression of soft plaque yeah my question is are we looking to mitigate it from getting worse by diet and lifestyle and maybe pollution I can't get out of my head what you were saying in terms of the impact of pollution or are we looking to monitor that soft plaque because if we know it's there is this an impending doom situation or are we targeting say LDL cholesterol making sure that is low A, B, B under 70 these are the things but the plaque will progress anyway soft plaque no well if we see plaque of any form soft or calcified plaque it doesn't matter to me once I know there's plaque there I know you have atherosclerosis so my initial response to that is get the cholesterol low get the LDL under 70 and once I LDL cholesterol get under 100 get it under 70 no LDL under 100 is ideal for everybody but once you have plaque to me you have atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease now you know you haven't had a cardiac event so we wouldn't call you secondary prevention but would I call you primary and a half prevention because I'm trying to prevent future cardiac events because you haven't had any but you already have plaque so at that moment you have atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease and we should target your LDL under 70 and if you are already somehow lower than that then we should target you even lower okay okay so there's a lot to talk about here this is a big deal most people are not going to know they have heart disease let's say their EKG their blood pressure or their cholesterol is quote normal they go in and they get a clearly scan or a CT on geogram they have some plaque but all other markers are normal would that person still want and when I see normal they have a CT on geogram score of what 24 50 okay would they so it's really low would you still push that LDL cholesterol under 70 and then so that's a first part what about brain function hormonal function all the other things that our secondary after lower and cholesterol yeah so I mean we should always be treating all cardiac risk factors preventatively anyway but once you like you said once you've identified plaque that person that healthy person that you're talking about with absolutely no symptoms but a small calcium score in the 25 or 50 or whatever you want to make up I still would say that person now has plaque I'm going to target their LDL under 70 now would I give them aspirin no if it's under a hundred I'm not going to give you aspirin but we do have some data when your calcium scores above a hundred I would give aspirin as long as you're not at a heightened bleeding risk and that of course needs us to talk with our patient and do some shared decision making I have some patients who choose not to be honest for him because they bruise or bleed easily or maybe they have something going on that makes us more concerned I never want anyone to bleed out on aspirin but we do have a suggestion that date that when your calcium scores above a hundred that aspirin may be beneficial so I I see plaque you know when I can get that visualization seeing is believing there's plaque there and I can do something about that to lower that individuals risk it always comes down to of course the patient in front of me and what do they want to do and whether you know some patients will be I just don't really want to be on a cholesterol-loaring agent let me see if I can do it with lifestyle so I often will bring and I yeah there's no evidence but but I will work with them because I do think it's powerful if you can you know especially if somebody doesn't have a very good diet and if they want to try to bring it down but I still talk to them but what statins particularly do in terms of plaque stabilization and ethereal function of the arteries all the things that we also get beyond LDL lowering that are in statins that could be beneficial but if they choose that and can really push choose lifestyle and they can really push it down I'm okay with that too we should all try to optimize our diet and our exercise but I will say that for patients when they get a calcium score or they get a CCTA they are definitely more likely when we look at their images together and they see the plaque they are more likely to be aggressive about the lifestyle changes but also more aggressively want to lower their cholesterol because once they see that plaque and they see it in their arteries and it's something an untrained eye can appreciate when you look at that scan they're like okay yeah that's not a good thing okay let's now be on a cholesterol-loaring agent are you getting to read those we'll put them down because this episode is brought to you by the most delicious chip on the market and that's a muscle chip now we don't keep junk food in our house but it's unreasonable to avoid all chips nor should you all chips and fries used to be cooked in Talo up until around 1990 when these big corporations switched to cheap processed seed oils in 1970 it was a 20 pound a year per capita by 2020 seed oils each person 80 pounds that's a fourfold increase and listen we've all heard about processed foods and it's really what ride along with them whether it is inflammation or the unnatural use of these oils and masa decided to do something about it they created a T.C. delicious tortilla chip you've never had anything like it we can't even keep them in stock in her house they have only three ingredients that's corn sea salt and 100% beef Talo you'll never turn back masa chip is beloved just go ahead and look them look them up you will see tens of thousands of customers now if you want to give these chips a try I don't know you're never going to put them down go to msa.s a chips dot com slash lion and you'll get 25% off your first order the do you have concerns about the downstream impact on hormones or brain function any of those things or is the risk benefit it's too big of a risk to allow that soft plaque again you know and this is it's complicated to talk about it because cases are complex and people are complex but if we were to lay out a quote low risk individual with a low calcium score that has hard plaque we know they have soft plaque we expect that soft plaque to develop and we want to move their cholesterol down LDL cholesterol below so many do we have other downstream concerns not as far as I'm concerned and let me explain why you know if you think about your vascular system it starts at the heart but right this whole vascular tree in our body spreads everywhere so to the brain and to our legs and extremities everywhere to every organ those arteries you know the reason we often use the coronary arteries is they're actually bigger than the other arteries that we have difficulty visualizing if we could do the similar thing to our brain if we saw plaque in there we would treat it and we know neurologically that people on statins are less likely to go on and have stroke or to have even vascular dementia or Alzheimer's disease and so there's a lot of people who somehow have this misconception that being on a statin affects neurologic function adversely actually it is brain protective as well and so I think that people need to know that that you know I know I have patients that describe to me this brain fog with statins and if they can't tolerate a statin then I change them to some other LDL lowering agent that's the good news living in 2025 we have more than just statins but statins we have had for now four decades and so we really know them well and the long-term risks of them are really not proven there's a lot of misinformation online about statins statins are the like enemy on the internet when people bring me in what Dr. Google tells them about statins I will always counter that we have a lot of evidence we've been doing very large trials that have really taught us the most about statins you know there is maybe an increased risk in some people for developing diabetes type 2 diabetes downstream with statins but what we do know about that data is a couple things is that the people who tend to get type 2 diabetes who have been on statins already had risk factors before for diabetes so we don't know that it's the statin or is it because they already had risk factors that they were already pre-diabetic for example or that they were overweight or both that are actually increasing the risk for diabetes statins and other LDL lowering agents are held to such a high standard when we study them these are large population studies there's no other drugs except for the cardiovascular field that is held to doing studies in large populations and I think people should have some confidence in those studies but talk with their practitioner talk with their physician or their team about their concerns because everyone has concerns they have a friend who was on a statin that didn't have a good side effect or they have a family member or they just have concerns because of what they read together will work out and find out a medication always tell them I'm never going to put you on something that you're going to hate or is going to affect your quality of life and I don't care if it's in your head or if it's genuine it's there will find something that works and we're lucky to have more than one medication. As you were talking you know I can't help but think about the female specific as I as a filter through all my conversations about heart disease one of the most common things that comes up believe it or not is a rectal dysfunction and heart disease and as we were looking through your research pride having you come on you know there's a difference from the traditional fitness formula for men and women which really has been a huge contribution from you which I'd love to talk about but also I just realized that the lens that I've been thinking about this I think about a rectal dysfunction as heart disease tell me is there a rectal dysfunction and heart disease for women or something similar. The rectal dysfunction is listening. Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I rectal dysfunction of course for men is a big issue and we don't have the biological equivalent for women that we can associate with being a warning sign for heart disease. The one thing that I will say that we've been really missing though in women is the fact that women often do have cardiac symptoms and the thing is is when they have these symptoms that sound like a schema heart disease that sound like there's reduced blood flow to the heart and we'll do evaluation whether that's a stress test whether that's a coronary angiogram and we don't find a blockage in the coronary unlike men where we often find blockages in the coronary until recently we were just dismissing those women we were saying don't know what your symptoms are but they're not cardiac go on your way and this is not your heart and the same women would come again and again to the emergency room come again and again and allow another angiogram to be done on them or whatever testing was done and they were often dismissed because they had no blockages so now we talk about eschemia with no obstructive coronary arteries it has a night you can see that cardiologist love names of things so we call it a noca but noca stands for eschemia with no obstructive coronary arteries and that happens much more frequently in women and I think we've often been dismissing women when they had symptoms and not treating them and a lot of the work we do at Cedar Sinai actually it focuses on women with a noca trying to figure out how what's the best way to detect it but also what's the best way to treat it we know from some of the early work that I did with some of my colleagues at Cedar's even before I arrived there I had a normal cohort of women and we compare them to women with a noca and we found in contrast to what had been told to everyone that these are you know this is nothing do nothing with it we found using the population called the wise women women is schemic syndrome evaluation study we found those women with a noca were much more likely to be hospitalized much more likely to have heart failure much more likely to have cardiac events and we found that link again specifically related to heart failure and now we're connecting a noca with this heart failure with preserve detection fraction that they may be along the same pathway so we are I think we don't have an equivalent of erectile dysfunction but I do think that women symptoms women are in touch with their bodies and and the reason I say that is not being biased being a woman myself but you know every month after whatever age people have men or gay we know our bodies we know and we're gonna have our period we we've sort of know our body changes and then it changes again and so we're in tune with our bodies much more than men and we know one something's wrong and I don't think women waste their time in the emergency room or going to the doctor unless they their symptoms are real and what we have been doing is an injustice for women is discounting their symptoms discounting their chest discomfort their palpitations their shortness of breath and asking them frequently are you anxious are you depressed what's going on at home we're all anxious we're all tired we're all probably have some level of depression with life but that is not why we're wasting time in the emergency room people come to an emergency room or come to the doctor because they really have something wrong and if a man came in with the exact same symptoms we know he would get evaluated and his heart would be the thing that every doctor is thinking about first and foremost and for women it's almost you have to beg to get in the KG before somebody even thinks about your heart we're talking a lot about the difference between men and women and what about heart attacks is there a difference between a woman her symptoms of heart attack versus a man that's such a good question I think that we have somehow misled women to think that they're so different than men that sometimes when women are having symptoms of a heart attack they don't think they're having a heart attack because they're somehow told it is different we have contemporary research that is shown actually that 90% of women and 90% of men actually report chest pain or chest discomfort when they're having a heart attack so in most people that's present but the difference between men and women is this women are more likely to have other accompanying symptoms chest pain may not be the most important symptom that they actually experience they have it but the question is is whether us as physicians actually hear it because they may actually have more shortness of breath they may have neck pain jaw pain back pain they may have profound fatigue I will tell you women are more descriptive in their symptoms at a time of a heart attack than men and we know this is true from a bunch of studies now the Virgo study which was women under the age of 55 who had a heart attack we have the high-stakes data which was the ones that brought us the high sensitivity cardiac components so that was all age men and women and then we had this really interesting study called the AirMaze study and the AirMaze study used cardiovascular linguistic technology so type of AI it was really a computer that recorded every word that was said as a doctor and a patient's talk and it was men and women and in that study so interestingly just like those other studies show 90% of men and 90% of women did say the words chest pain or chest discomfort it's again though they did find that women had more accompanying symptoms they were much more descriptive about what they experienced so if someone's experiencing chest pain or chest pressure and especially if they have cardiac risk factors they should be evaluated for heart disease and they should be seen as quickly as possible they should call 911 they should not delay and if someone does not evaluate their heart before they leave that emergency room they should ask do you think I'm having a heart attack because at least then I think an emergency room team would ultimately say okay let's just make sure and get an EKG or get the blood work and not attribute those symptoms to stress or anxiety because we are all stressed and especially when we're having chest discomfort we're all anxious but everybody male or female deserves to make sure the leading killer is not present hopefully we're moving in the right direction I mean definitely with people like you were advocating and yet there are still areas where we're so far behind particularly fitness I mean you walk how many miles do you walk or jog? well I walk three miles to work in three miles home so I get always six miles but I actually run my dogs before hand before I go to work and I do resistance training before I can go to work so I'm I try to practice what I preach maybe to a point of obsession but I really think it is so important that you know some of the work that I did do show that the more physically fit you are the longer you live independent of all your other cardiac risk factors so it's an independent predictor of both cardiovascular mortality dying from heart disease or dying from any cause so exercise is medicine I love that I definitely believe that to be true have there been studies looking at the kind for example if someone is really busy and there's a lot of discussion on cardiovascular zone two versus high intensity which actually came out of my master university and resistance training how do you place them in order of importance for many and women yeah I think men and women both need a dose of both they need a robotic activity and they need resistance training and it's funny because men tend to be more likely to do resistance training and women this is a generalization but women tend to do more a robotic activity and are less likely to do resistance training and everybody needs a bit of both our current guidelines all over the world are exactly the same for men and women it's 150 minutes a day of moderate to intense aerobic activity and then we say that you need that much 150 minutes per week and then you need at least two 20 minute intervals of resistance training so that's a generalization because we know activity is good for you but I do think that we are learning more about differences between men and women and some of the work that we published last year really show that actually women for once we had good news for women that women got more better well they got more bang for their buck if they did the same amount of exercises a man they actually reduced their cardiovascular risk of cardiovascular death more so than men and also reduced their risk of dying from any cause more so than men and so men really needed to do more activity and that was true both for resistance training as well as aerobic activity so maybe women get more out of exercise and maybe one day we'll have guidelines that say women need to get away with less the most important thing though is that women do exercise and that that right now we know that men at every age there's more men do regular activity and women as we age we start doing less and what we need to do is try to build it in at the youngest ages because if it becomes habit I think one of my my recommendations is like schools should teach and equip our children for their future adulthood yes teams for its are great but you're not always going to have a team so those of you who played on the soccer team or football team what do you do after you leave high school or leave you know at where in college maybe you have intramural sports and you find teams to play with we all need to have an ability to find activities that we love that bring us joy that we can do alone too it's nice if you have other people you can play with but if you can do it yourself you're more likely to do it and you do it on your own schedule and that's what we need to equip everybody with a little bit of training in resistance training and aerobic activity when I think of my school and I grew up in Canada I don't know if it's different in the United States but I remember even when I played on the soccer team the men soccer team would go into the weight room and train partially there we never were invited into the weight room and most of our training was running around the track so that we could run after the ball so they just wanted us to get faster but nobody ever talked to us about strength training and I feel like this is something I acquired quite late in age where I suddenly started seeing the benefit of resistance training even for my own research work and then I was like I got to start learning how to do this and at a quite a later age I started picking up weights and not that it has to be weights people can find many different types of resistance training but that for me is a new thing that I do every day now because I love it but I wish I learned it before is there a difference from a cardiovascular standpoint and that's a really broad question from endurance training or cardiovascular training versus strength training in my mind when I think of zone two training I'm thinking of continuous moderate activity where your heart is pumping continuously versus strength training it's a spike and then relax the long term outcomes do we know the difference in cardiovascular impact? No we just know really right now from big population studies like the one we did is we know that in terms of cardiovascular mortality there's a reduction we don't know we don't have enough data to say what even enough about all the different types of things that constitute resistance training so there can be of course you can do things like heavy weights or even small weights but you know resistive training is also things like pilates or yoga and people can do those intensely or not so intensely when we study from a survey the way that we did we didn't get to ask you know more than that and so we have small studies where people have done you know studies of 20 people doing weight lifting or 20 people doing different types of resistance training but all we learn about that from that is like the hemodynamic changes not so much exactly is changing in the cardiovascular system and how you know is there one type of activity that's better than another or is even the duration I would say we've kind of made up the duration mom jokes coming in hot okay my old pan was so toxic even my veggies wanted to detox after dinner okay my mom does aren't that good but seriously non stick cookware is still being used because it's convenient but it comes at a cost non stick contains harmful chemicals like teflon and other PFAS which is leached into food now if I could go back in time I would change out my toxic cookware to our place and it's never too late to make better choices we get rid of toxic people you should do the same with your pots and pans and we use our place which is a toxin free high performance cookware and we use their appliances they're designed for safer simpler use and there is no hidden dangers of these forever chemicals it's not worth it and again it's the one thing that I wish I had changed our place for piece cookware set is the best way to start if you want to overhaul your kitchen with a multifunctional space saving pan and pots you can get your set at from our place dot com or the sponsors of the show that's from our placae dot com slash doctor line or use the code doctor line for 10% off also they have a free hundred day risk free trial hopefully we will begin to get better at the recommendations again it's very difficult to make generalize recommendations for entire population yeah it's the best we can do which leads me to this idea of the traditional fitness formula to 20 minus age oh that's your heart rate formula what did I say oh fitness formula we have a we all you've been have a fitness formula but yeah tell me um is this inadequate for women yeah so if anybody on whose listening is ever interested you can actually find the paper that describe to 20 minus your age and the to 20 minus your age wasn't even a good formula for men and it was if you look at it though they used five studies of men who were preparing for the army so they were at the VA and we used to put these men on treadmill stress tests and that's where we learned a lot about normal physiology but these were young men right going off to the army or navy um yeah I don't know at the VA who is it everybody I'm too Canadian technically fully know but they were all these studies done at the VA and so they learned a lot about men but even that formula they just said most people would fit in this formula and the person who described that formula never thought that this formula was going to be the most used formula is the most used formula in medicine and it's the most used formula actually by lay people because we use it many people use it when they exercise or if you're like me and you wear a smart watch and you follow your heart rate when you exercise when it's telling you you're in the zone if you use a garment or an apple and you're trying to achieve it it's all based on that silly formula of 20 minus your age and for women at least we know that that formula is an accurate so I was really fortunate when I was just finishing my training I fell into the study called the Women Take Heart Project and it was a study of just under 6,000 women in the Chicago land area we put them all on a treadmill sort of like the veteran men but they weren't veterans and they um they exercised for us using the same protocol that we had used in those older studies and we found from that again we created our own formula it's not sexy and it's not easy to remember but our formula is 206 minus 0.88 times your age which I know nobody will remember are you kidding? everybody else seems can remember that this is I guarantee you this is the first time that team have you heard this Julia Matt is Matt here producer and we've never heard that and we've never heard it this is our third year the show and again we only select the very best of us we've never heard that yeah well we we need to be using formulas that fit for women because it's important we know that of course there's not whenever you make up these equations there's some people that are above that number and some people below that number and it's really a mathematical regression equation that you've created out of a large population so you don't get too worried when people are off you know when people are like my heart rate is 10 beats higher than what it said by the formula always tell people like how did you feel how how was the exercise you know that can tell us a lot the talk test can simply tell us if you're in the right zone of training depending on what you were trying to achieve but it's a way to say for a population where your heart rate should be and it is this is part one of one is such example of why we need to study women rather than just apply formulas based on men and say women are just small men we are physiologically different and there is going to be differences in how we respond to exercise it is I'm I have to pause and think about this I believe that to be true and I'm grateful to have you say that because right now with the tools that we have so much in exercise science from what I see I struggle to see really well designed studies that show this training is sex specific and I do believe eventually we'll see that but even through the lens of something so simple as this you know equation even the analysis of that data of you know looking at endurance or heart rate activity is probably going to be have done through this lens of 2020 rise rate and I understand I'm not saying that this makes or changes huge numbers again I don't know but the fact that it's wrong is a is a problem and to the other thing that you are saying the other sentiment is that we're clearly different we might not have the data yet to prove exactly how or how that translates you know I just think from a resistance training standpoint a well design program is going to be a well design program but there are probably things that we're not considering that we just don't know yet absolutely and I think we we aren't always we shouldn't assume everyone knows everything about us I mean this is why mom does we hold me we hold me yeah we yeah no we the research you know that's why we do research and that's why science is so exciting and why medicine so exciting because we don't know everything and that's why we should ask questions about even the data that we use as physicians who was it based on where did this come from what ages of people were in there did they include people like me a woman me a selfish one yeah but you know every time every you buddy we should know this about it and I think it's the burden a little bit is on obviously us as a medical community to say who does this data apply to because our patients don't always know these things and you know we can debate them in the medical community but then whether it gets translated to our patients is an a completely different question but I think that that's we there's a lot of things we don't know still and that's what makes medicine fun because every day there's discoveries there's new drugs there's new techniques new interventions new devices and we're learning because you know not everyone even when we talk about working out everyone works out a little different everyone's resting heart rate starts out at a different place if you're somebody who exercises a lot probably your resting heart rate is a lot lower than somebody who doesn't exercise very often so even you have to take those caveats even when you make these formulas but you know when we make these smart devices and you know what happens is that a lot of patients will come in because they're concerned about what their device is saying they feel fine but the device is telling them you're too tired or you're not working out in your zone or you are you know you should back down because your heart rates too high or whatever the thing is and these devices that we wear as smart as they are have not all been tested in fact very few of them have been tested for accuracy so I also like devices because they I like we all like getting feedback right but no I don't know you don't it's gonna say your sleep side and yeah I know that but when we have these things though people should know that very few of them have actually been assessed for accuracy so they're marketing them to you but whether they're accurate or not is a complete different question so don't get too bothered by them if you're someone who loves the feedback and if there is something concerning bring it to your physician because they might decide you actually need a more accurate assessment of whatever problem has been identified I have to point something out in on this podcast we bring innovators true trailblazers do you know a Morgan taller no so a Morgan taller was a hover trained urologist for 40 years they were castrating men because of this idea that testosterone caused prostate cancer somehow he figured out he questioned the status quo everyone called him crazy he went down to the basement of Harvard he pulled out this paper that was with one person and he proved that it was wrong our last one of our last podcast guest Dr. Larry Lipschulton other urologist we joke I have the number one men's health podcast I'm just kidding but um he was the guy who innovated the field of male infertility and now I have Martha Grottie on here and for some reason you thought to say you know what we're defining normal with this Saint James women take heart cohort right this idea that um my metabolic equivalent is the same as my husbands which is everybody's using to twenty minus their age you said you know I I don't think that that is right was there a reason did you have a feeling it's very unusual for individuals especially trained in the traditional medical system to make such innovations in a moment well the reason I asked the question actually started with fitness level and I came up with that formula for women too from the same cohort of women um I remember right at the time where I was finishing my cardiology fellowship we all supervised stress test and I always knew women didn't go as long as men and their fitness level because that's how you estimate someone's fitness level when you put the monestress test it was clear that there's a difference partially because of our muscle mass partially because we were a little bit shorter than men and when you put them on a treadmill sometimes it's more if you're shorter you don't have the leg spread to go up hill as easily or it's just much harder so you end up stopping sooner so I knew that there was a difference and I you know was wondering why in the guidelines there was just this one formula and it was for men and women so I went and pulled that paper where did it come from those same veteran men and I was like you're not excited I was like okay this is this is from men what do we know about women and so when I we had the opportunity to take over the women take heart study and realizing they had all had stress test that was the first thing I'm like I am going to find out if their formula actually works and I found it did not and we published in the New England Journal of Medicine actually the formula for women for their fitness level and then we validated that formula in a group of symptomatic women showing that it by if you were under your age predicted fitness level you were more likely to die from cardiac causes so that formula now we use in our stress labs and say this is you know we have what percent of your age predicted fitness level then I asked the question actually about heart rate second I was like okay what about that formula is that even accurate women I think though I think because I had always been in tune that women aren't exactly small men that I wanted to know what we what I'd been taught was it accurate and I tell everybody that you know when I train medical students and residents and fellows like question where the data came from go look sometimes sometimes 20 years after we've been doing things and we think we're doing it right and then we suddenly find out you know what we weren't doing it right or we didn't know and we assume when you assume something you know there's that expression but you should also where did the data come from did it come from good reliable data or is it something we can now study and make sure it's accurate and especially whenever something's identical for men and women I always teach my trainees ask are you sure make sure it's true because the more when you look for sex differences you often find them do you think that that translates to dosing both again dosing and exercise dosing a medication is right now they're the majority of medical care is not okay so your dose of zedomitis 10 but actually our women's your dose is 7.5 that's such a good point and I actually think that that's important questions also that we need to ask you know when we think about medications and if you remember in medical school we all learn it again but you remember the pharmacology they would tell very clearly that medications how they were metabolized how they were absorbed how they were excreted was different if you were a man versus a woman and even a pregnant woman so all we always knew that there was some sort of difference and yet when we studied the drugs they would put either all men in the study or clump it all together and not analyze if there was a difference between men and women so think about a common drug that we use for blood pressure a lot of people might know this or be honored it's called hydrochlorothizide but the problem is that when we use that medication we are more likely to see electrolyte abnormalities in women than men why is that you know why well it the distribution is greater for women at the same dose and so in it's excreted slower in women and so it's not surprising that women would have more electrolyte disturbances and as a result have more arithmias when they're potentially on that medication and we should be aware of it it doesn't mean we can't use the medication but we need to be aware of those sex differences similarly beta blockers we use a lot for hypertension and also for heart failure and coronary disease but for women at the same dose blood pressure drops more heart rate drops more we should be aware of those things when we use drugs because then we might understand why women have more side effects than men and some drugs we don't have any differences but you know we need to find out we need to study and we need to include women and men in the studies analyze it by sex so that we really understand is there a difference because a lot of drugs and this isn't just true of cardiac drugs this is true of drugs for every organ system that they're potentially could be a difference in how they are metabolized how they are absorbed how they are excreted that might change how long they last in the body and their side effects and dosing we know even for some of the drugs that we commonly use in heart failure like acenhibitors women get full of effects at lower doses compared with men and that may be why it hired doses we don't need for women but we've never written any of our guidelines to date have said different doses by sex and so that's what we need to be looking at in the future I won't say we're there yet but I will say that you know we certainly need to be looking and we are working with our pharmacy colleagues because we have been pushing them to be more inclusive when they are doing new drug trials to get more women into trials to make sure that it's representative of our diverse populations so that we really know that the drugs work in the people that we care for very it's so informative and just really important work you also mentioned something before we were recording that I had never heard about before and this is really the environmental impact cardiovascular health we spoke a lot about soft plaque as this would you say it's an inflammatory agent or process that is happening it is okay soft plaque is driven by poor lifestyle correct? so sedentary behavior being obese smoking disease cholesterol high blood pressure stress whether that it's emotional or physical stress can at least accelerate the process when you do have underlying disease process or inflammation in your body and it's safe to say that the soft plaque is the outcome all of these inputs the soft plaque is the outcome right soft plaque or rupturing of that or rupture and I'm going somewhere this yeah those are known entities we know that if you are overweight or you're smoking or you're eating a crappy diet that you are increasing inflammation but one of the things that we don't think about is the environmental influence we think a lot about the environmental influence on our brain and my exposed to mold is this heavy metal in my bone very rarely at least I don't think much about it in the lungs I don't think about the environmental impact specifically on cardiovascular tissue or the influence on soft plaque. yeah I think we need to be thinking more about the environment and it's association with cardiovascular disease particularly with plaque and plaque rupture we know that if you are living in certain geographical areas where there is higher pollution that there is more heart disease we know that after forest fires like the fires we experience in Los Angeles that again there is more heart disease than was proceeding a forest fires especially when it occurs in a big city and there's some there's studies that are going on right now to really examine that after the LA fires. So we know that environmental pollution is a big risk and we need to be able to capture it we know from big population studies when we look at zip codes and we see these differences the EPA actually can give out what daily exposures are based on your zip code and so we you know one of the things I talked about earlier with you was how our new risk score does actually have your zip code and so if you plug in if you're plugging in your prevent risk score and you plug in your zip code your zip code represents a lot of things one of which is the pollution that is in our environment and pollution you know we're learning a lot more about it I think I will still say we have a long way to go to fully understand the pollution effects but there is the environmental pollution that maybe sometimes you can see like gonna smoggy day in Los Angeles we all know that it is there's more pollutants in the air and the reason that I think a lot of people notice those pollutants is because of breathing we know people with asthma will have more trouble outside that day and people can almost see that haze but you know it's sometimes the invisible stuff and we talked a lot about this during the LA fires actually was that things even when the sky cleared even when the index that you would get on your phone would say that today was okay but the part that it was not measuring is the plastics in the air because when things burnt when all these houses burnt down in the air it was released all kinds of toxins including plastics that we're probably going to be contending with for a long time both in our water supply in our oceans to our you know wildlife and in the ground that people are rebuilding their houses on so we have it we have a lot more to do about understanding it there's just a paper actually this morning I didn't even get a chance to read it but I wasn't surprised by the headline was that sound pollution as well is harmful to the heart and we know that there's all kinds of different solutions that we need to be assessing and worrying about our environment has dramatically changed as we're all experiencing climate change has affected the whole world and that climate change is making places hotter making natural disasters more and again even at those times when we have heat waves we see higher risk of heart attacks so there's a lot going on right now in our world that I don't think we fully understand but I do think that they're we're working very closely now with environmental scientists there's actually a great group here at Houston Methodist actually looking very specifically at the environmental effects and cardiovascular disease so they're doing some pretty exciting work right here in your backyard well I might be paying them a bit so I'll get those names and probably be wonderful to talk to them you mentioned earlier that women are not small men and when we think about cardiovascular health and disease what is the difference between a woman's heart and a man's heart well I mean to begin with they're smaller so anatomically you know I tell everyone to make a fist and usually that's kind of the representative sign of the size of your heart so size matters but of course how we respond physiologically to insults differs if you're a woman compared to a man and so you know when we talk about the disease processes that we see that are different between men and women men are more likely to have those blockages in the corner arteries that people hear about and seem to be familiar with whereas women don't have those blockages but have the small vessels react differently and that's where the disease actually begins before they get blockages that's that disease state that we had talked about called anoka ischemia with no obstructive coronary arteries and it's the small vessels that we can't see but we can detect reduced blood flow to the heart by certain types of testing like stress testing. Additionally even the types of heart failure that we get are different and there seems to be a difference in the response to stressors or the risk factors that make heart disease more likely so if a woman has diabetes for example she is much more likely than a man with diabetes to develop heart disease and we don't entirely know why we know that there's more inflammation but we don't understand exactly why is a woman's vasculature? why if you are a biological woman you have a difference in response to being a diabetic then somebody who doesn't somebody who's a you know a man and that's not entirely clear we see it even with smoking so tobacco you know a woman smokes the same amount as a man and she will actually have more vasculer damage than a man so there's something about being a biological woman that sometimes these risk factors actually cause more damage and may change the underlying pathophysiology of the disease we know even know how how women get treated though sometimes is different just simply because of our size so when women get something called aortic stenosis almost at the same rate as men do it's a where the aortic valve gets very calcified and it needs to be replaced for a long while women were dying during surgery so they were less likely to be offered surgery but now we have a procedure called tavern where it's a non-invasive way or at less invasive way I should say it's not open heart surgery where we can replace that aortic valve but who did they design that aortic valve on men and so the size of it wasn't always fitting most women and that led to less women actually being eligible for a tavern I will tell you though the good news is in the last two years we've had some really big studies where they developed a smaller valve replacement that seemed to be the right size for more women and we showed that women actually have really excellent outcomes it's the same though with all our devices sometimes we build the device based on a man and we don't even think about even the anatomical differences the size differences between men and women we're still figuring out though a lot of the other things that are different or how sex specific risk factors affect the heart and why they're making women at a higher risk for heart disease and I don't think we fully have all the answers right now Dr. Martha Gullady with you on our team I'm sure that we will continue to improve and I just have to say I think you from me personally and I know the audience but really for all women thank you thank you such a pleasure to be here with you heart disease is not just a man's disease and women are not just smaller men Dr. Gullady's research proves that when we take sex specific science seriously we can catch heart disease earlier treated better and prevent more lives from being lost so if you've ever had unexplained fatigue chest pain shortness of breath or were told it's quote just anxiety don't ignore it know the test to ask for know your risk and advocate for care that sees you fully if this episode resonated share it with a woman you love want more science back tools for strength longevity and prevention subscribe now and stay strong