I've talked with veterans who just have a bucket, you know, bucket medications. Cognitive behavioral therapy is offered. Doesn't mean people are getting it. A lot of VA's do have things like acupuncture, other kinds of group therapies and such. But you know what they don't often offer, are some of the treatments that you and I know about and are trying to bring out to the community, the Stella Gangelin block therapies, the ketamine therapies, the second-legged, the therapy and more. And so, like, but it gets back to the question of how somebody and get better when they're being paid to be sick. Thank you to Vivo Health for sponsoring this episode of the show. I love Vivo Barfa Chuse. I use them in my training and everyday life. They have helped my feet get stronger. Vivo Barfa is on a mission to create regenerative footwear that brings you closer to nature. What do I mean by this? I mean, these shoes are flat. They feel great. You can almost sense the ground underneath you as opposed to big clunky shoes. They've really helped my performance. They have a great range of shoes from kids to adults for any kind of activity, whether it's hiking or training. And again, I use mine every day. Vivo Barfa uses sustainably sourced natural material. These materials are all recycled. So I feel good about them. Vivo Barfa has offered my listeners 20% off if you would like to try them for yourself. I know that you will love them. You can use the code Dr. Lion20. That's Dr. Lion20 for 20% off. And I have to tell you, we talk all about body strength, but foot strength matters as well. And these shoes can increase your foot strength by 60% in a matter of months. Go to Vivo Barfa.com, use the code Dr. Lion20 for 20% off. That's Vivo Barfa.com. I'm gonna say Dr. Chris Free. Welcome to the podcast. Thank you. I'm thrilled to have you on to discuss your work, your work on operator syndrome, which you have done a tremendous amount for the community. And when I say community, I'm talking about special operations, which we will cover all of those individuals and their families. And also, if you are listening to this podcast and you're thinking, I am not a military operator. I am not a first responder. The chances are you are still under a large amount of stress. And what you will hear today will help you regardless of the domain in which you are functioning. Is that fair to say? Well, sure could be depending on where we take the conversation. My first, I mean, 32 years of my career, I've worked at the VA for 15 years and so I have a large history of published research with PTSD, and depression, and anxiety disorders. And so really, that's been the entire focus of my career. Now, much more for physiological emphasis on the types of other injuries that just too often don't get talked about or looked at or even thought of. So part of what I guess part of my message and the point of my book is to try to make the point that too often we've relied on the PTSD as the easy button. Certainly, the VA does that. Many healthcare systems. You have stress. You have trauma. Boom. They hit them. That read PTSD button without ever looking at your hormones, without ever looking at your assessing you for chronic pain without ever thinking about the damage that you may have sustained here brain through sports or training or, of course, military activities or drinking or diving or other things that we do that hammers our brain. And you are a PhD and you have published quite a bit on the area in the area of PTSD just quickly, because I think it's important for context. How is PTSD defined? How do I define it or how does the APA define it? So let's talk about the standard APA, the American Psychiatric Association. That would be a clinical definition or what we would consider an international classification of disease ICD-10 code. How is that typically defined? Well, there's a formal definition. It has evolved and we can go back historically if you want, but I'll touch on what it is how it's defined now. PTSD, the diagnosis was codified in 1980 for the first time in the DSM 3 addition. They changed it in 94. It was changed in 94 for the fourth edition. It was changed again in 2013 in the fifth edition. And the changes are, we can equip all about how significant they are. I think most people would say they don't really fundamentally change the diagnosis. So the diagnosis is first and foremost, a trauma, and that trauma has to be identified, and it has to be something that fits kind of within the definition of a trauma, which is part of the problem with the diagnosis. And what do you mean because trauma is different for everybody? Well, the old definition of a trauma was something that was outside the range of normal human experience, something that involved experiencing or witnessing a life threatening event, potentially life threatening event. It was initially thought of as the types of events that were thought of were a physical and sexual assault, domestic violence, combat, motor vehicle accidents, and severe life threatening health, health, health, abrupt health problems. Like a cancer diagnosis would be considered. Not really. Like maybe surviving a cardiac heart attack and being resuscitated. I mean, it's not really crystal clear what were we kind of draw the boundaries. There was another part of DSM 3 that involved the experience at the time of the trauma of fear, helplessness or horror. Fear and for the listener, DSM, do you say DSM 3? That was the third edition in 1980, the diagnostic and statistical manual. For psychiatry and psychology. It's of psychiatry disorders. I see, psychiatric disorders. And it's interesting because PTSD also has an ICD-10 diagnosis. So we have a diagnosis from the medical aspect, meaning potentially, again, with PTSD, they might see an increase in blood pressure. There are objective measures from what I have read and what when we diagnose people, there's the objective measures. And then the psychiatric diagnoses. Yeah, right. So just to just to help listeners kind of track this, the ICD is the international class of classification. And that includes every possible illness in medicine, everything. This, the APA's DSM is only psychiatric disorders. And it's put out by the American Psychiatric Association. Now, it's the work that goes into that is multidisciplinary. So there are psychologists and social workers and nurses and people with other expertise who are on the task forces that the divine and revise this at every new edition. But it's primarily psychiatric. And I want to also lay the foundation. This is interesting because this is a little rogue, this conversation operator syndrome. And we're going to talk about it because this does challenge our belief about the framework of PTSD and what individuals in Austria or extreme, we can say, Elastatic Load environments are. And is, and by the way, you have an interesting background that your father was a US Air Force physician and a Vietnam veteran. You also have, again, you had mentioned, worked as a therapist at the Veteran Affairs. You got your doctorate in clinical psychology in 1992. You have spent a long time serving this community. And you are, and have held a tenured professorship at two medical schools, a state university. And you have received millions of dollars in federal grants, directing large research programs. You've also, by the way, incredibly humble, have published over 300 scientific articles. Did I miss anything? Oh, wait. And one was a graduate textbook in psychopathology. Yeah. Well, you got it. So it sounds like you're just not busy or motivated. Well, I think part of what you think, that's very gracious to kind of run through all that. I think part of what you're establishing is I do have kind of the an academic history and credibility as somebody working within the structure and framework of established medicine and academia. I'm a little bit out out of, I mean, I'm a little bit on the fringe of that now is some of my criticisms of the field and of some of the systems. I do get some, you know, some arrows and some stink eye from certain quarters these days. Actually, I'll always have my favorite kind of academic. Mm-hmm. What are some of the criticisms of the work that you have put forth? My work? Yes. Or let me ask you to do a different way. Typically, when an individual challenges the framework of something that has been established for a period of time, it is very uncomfortable for other individuals in the field, whether they are providers and any aspect. And I really think that you have done a fantastic job at challenging the narrative and the view and the lens through which we view PTSD, operator syndrome, which you coined that term. In a medical paper, yes, we used that we titled a medical paper operator syndrome and it wasn't just me. I have a strong list of co-authors, including Morgan L'Atrell, who was a doctoral student at UT Dallas at the time, former Navy SEAL. I love his wife, by the way, Leslie, shout out to you. She's awesome, yep, agree. And, but it wasn't a phrase, I don't even know where the phrase came from. I'm going to just be very, very blunt. I don't remember at some point it became a phrase I was using in my head. But I also heard other people in the community. I heard other doctors. I heard other psychologists, other psychiatrists using either that phrase or different, similar phrase, Kirk Parsley, our colleague Kirk Parsley. He was using the phrase, seal syndrome. He's a former Navy SEAL who can get you to work with SEAL. Kirk is a very dear friend of this podcast. Yes. And he was, you know, listening to him, he said, I've been using the phrase seal syndrome for probably 20, 24 years, 25 years. So it's just an easy phrase that just comes immediately to mind when you kind of look at the things we're talking about. And can you lay out the picture again of what we understand and believe to be? And I guess I'm honing in on PTSD because I wouldn't know a different way to think about the transition from PTSD to operators. Okay. So maybe you can help debridge the gap between, for the listener to understand what we are about to dive into. Okay. If you'll be patient with me, let me go back to the question of what is PTSD. So trauma is one top thing. That's they call it the criterion A. B are a variety of symptoms of re-experiencing that trauma. So nightmares and truce of thoughts, for example, being hearing a helicopter fly overhead and having memories and feelings triggered by that would be an example. The C symptoms or the B symptoms would be the avoidance. So classic aspect of all anxiety disorders is something frightens you. You avoid it or you escape it if it comes along. If you're frighten the spiders, what do you do? You avoid spiders. I've known people with phobia like cock. I haven't had a colleague years ago who had a cockroach phobia. That's a good phobia. Yeah. And she was hearing Houston and she was like, I'm not staying in Houston. I'm leaving. Yeah, I have seen cockroaches here in Houston. Yeah. If I had a phobia, I would also leave. Yeah, they're like that big. Some of them. Yes. And she, she, I mean, she understood the behavioral principles of how to treat a phobia. But she's like, I'm not going to do that. I'm moving the Boston. So she moved the Boston. That's a classic avoidance. But when we avoid things, we never get over our fears. And it's just a basic physiological principle of habituation. When I was in my early 20, when I was in my teens and early 20s, I had a very powerful fear of public speaking. Social anxiety, terrified. I avoided it at all costs. Got all the way through college without ever having to get up in front of a group of people and talk until I got to graduate school and my second year graduate school. They said, you're teaching a class. There's 350 students that you're going to go teach developmental psychology too. And I had a choice. I avoid or I drop out of school. I do it or I drop out of school, essentially. And 30 years later, I don't have any anxiety about public speaking. If you face it and you deal with it and you just, it's that exposure. You don't have to get good at it. You just have to do it. And then, and then, so cluster B, ABC symptoms are the avoidance. And then the D symptoms are emotional things. Self-blame, anger, arousal of the hyper vigilance. There's a lot of things that include things like self-destructive behaviors, risky behaviors. So that's our diagnosis of PTSD. Now, since I'm on a roll, I'll give you my- I'll give you my definition. PTSD is essentially a combination of anxiety and depression. But specific focus on the fear reactivity. So jumping out of airplanes, you had a traumatic experience and it terrifies you now. You don't do it. You stay away from jumping out of airplanes. That fear reactivity is kind of the defining feature of PTSD. And that would be, for example, also if someone got into a car accident while they were driving and they chose not to drive. Right. Again, that's a fear reactivity. Right. And we go back to- we have a long conversation about the VA system where I worked and kind of some of the things I was seeing and trying to put forth then. But essentially it becomes kind of simple. The VA has put the emphasis on PTSD as the go-to diagnoses for soldiers. Do you know how many soldiers and how many veterans are diagnosed at PTSD? I can give you two separate data points. Okay. I love them. One is the epidemiological data. It's the very rigorous data with large sample sizes, multiple studies that is kind of disconnected from systemic factors. You get a rate in soldiers of about 8%. 8%. And what is the rate in a general population? Do we know maybe 6%. Okay. I was going to say Matthew, why don't you look that up? Be my Jamie. It's about 6%. Okay. 6%. So 2% increase in- If you go to the VA and you look at VA, people that use the VA, we now know that the GUI veterans, the rate- The global ones. Global ones, so the veterans that served in Iraq and Afghanistan for the most part have a 50%. 50% diagnosis of PTSD. Well, you ever take Econ 101? No. I never did either. But one of the principles of Econ 101 overlaps with some of the basic principles of psychology, which is when you offer reinforcement for something, for a behavior, you get more of that behavior. Give me an example of how that translates. Yeah. So the VA provides disability cash payments that are essentially lifetime to soldiers, to veterans, who have PTSD. So you end up with a PTSD rate of 50% in the VA. Maybe it's high. It's probably higher now. I don't know the exact number, but it's probably higher. So when I worked in the VA, which was 92 to 2006, part of what I saw, and part of what I tried to talk about, and some of my research followed on was the idea that first of all, does it even make sense to consider you as an invalid, because you have a psychiatric disorder? I see. That's actually interesting. And if what I'm hearing you say is not in order to get disability, you must qualify for disability. In order to qualify for disability, you must have a certain percentage of, quote, illnesses that make you disable to murder, to sleep, apnea, PTSD, etc. Right. OK. Whatever injuries or illnesses you have that you developed while you were in service, are identified, evaluated, and there's different numbers, different percent ratings. It's a zero to 100% total approach, but they give different percentages to different disorders based on their severity. So you have over half of all of the veterans from the last 25 years receiving VA disability payments for PTSD. Now, I got to say this before the hate mail starts to come at me. I've received my share of this over the years. I'm not anti veteran. I hope that's of course not clear. And I'm not here to take away veterans benefits. I think we need to do a lot for our veterans every veteran who put on a uniform deserves a good life and deserves to be honored and revered and respected for what they've done. But to say to you, or to Matthew, or producer, that you're a veteran, and since you have some symptoms of anxiety and depression, we're going to send you a check for the rest of your life. And do you also feel that it labels individuals deeper, where they then identify with this idea of having PTSD? Well, think about the message that sends. I see what's the expectation. You go, wow, if he is going to send me a check for the rest of my life, probably never going to get better. So I think it's a tragic message to send. These are treatable conditions. Civilians, civilians with PTSD or depression or anxiety who receive treatment, typically either get all the way better or they get much, much, much better. So the symptom improvement, the functional improvement and functioning is significant. So one question is, does it make sense to pay people to be sick? What message does that send? What is that doing to their own psyche because we're sending them a horrible message? You're now a psychiatric invalid. When we should be providing treatment, and now you flip to the other piece of this and you say, well, how much money does VA spend on mental health treatment programs a year? I think it's 14%. I'm sorry, 14 billion. They have no administrative data at the VA to support that veterans are getting better from their healthcare programs. And in the general population treatments for PTSD, would be, do you know how they're being treated? Is it medication? Is it cognitive behavioral therapy? Is it group support? Is it more holistic? It's all of that. It's all of that. Here's a bolt, but it's heavily medication. So medication. Typically, it's a medication to sleep, one or two antidepressants, maybe a mood stabilizer for everybody or everybody to get different. But a very common pattern is to start you with one or two things. And then a week, a month, six months later, maybe out of few more, I've talked with veterans who just have a bucket, you know, a bucket medications. Cognitive behavioral therapy is offered. Doesn't mean people are getting it. A lot of VA's do have things like acupuncture, other kinds of group therapies and such. But you know what they don't often offer are some of the treatments that you and I know about and are trying to bring out to the community, the Stella Gangling Block Therapies, the ketamine therapies, the fact that I'm talking about that. I prefer a oxygen therapy and more. And so, like, but it gets back to the question of how somebody can get better when they're being paid to be sick. Thank you to thesis for sponsoring this episode of the show. Thesis is the world's first customized Nutropic Company. I've mentioned this in the past. I only promote products that I use. These have been a game changer for me. Nutropics are nutrients found in nature or the human body. They enhance cognitive function. Who doesn't want more focus, more energy or a better mood? I don't know one person who doesn't want more of those things. Many companies take a one size fits all approach. What I love about thesis, not only are there blends exceptional, but you can go to their website, which is TakeThesis.com. You'll take a quiz. They will then send you a starter kit with four different blend recommendations to try over the course of a month. This is personalized. This is also offers. Are you ready for this? Three consultations with a wellness coach to optimize your experience and dial in on your favorite formulas. These products have absolutely been life changing for me. These blends are blends you have never seen before. Go to TakeThesis.com slash Dr. Lion and you'll get 10% off your first box. TakeThesis.com slash Dr. Lion. Take the quiz and you are on your way to more energy and more focus. That's a great point and I believe that that extends beyond the VA. That is. It does. We see that when I train in psychiatry, when it individual is on disability, it really limits. We are not saying that disability is bad. There are people that need it. Absolutely. But from a total functioning perspective in the world, I believe that there can be more support. I want to read something from your book. This is a short paragraph in your book. It says, I believe it is time we switch this four grounded emphasis on psychiatric illness with the overlooked background of physiological injuries, chronic medical conditions and social challenges. Against traditional diagnoses and treatments, my opinion may seem counterintuitive. But I believe that an exclusive focus on psychiatric disorders fails to address many of the root causes of mounting special operation forces suicides. Wow. Well done, sir. This is tremendous. And again, I know many of the people listening are not in the special operations community. Well, this discussion will be largely focused on the soldiers. Please be listening as many of these pillars of operator syndrome can also be instituted and evolved in your own life, from sleep, from hormones, to environmental exposures, to community and connection. And we are going to dive into all of those things. This is a bold book. This is a bold book. For the idea of operator syndrome, did you have a moment, an aha moment that changed the way you thought? I did. I don't know that I could pinpoint the exact moment, but I can kind of describe, I don't know the date. It didn't memorialize it on a calendar. But probably about a decade ago, I had a friend here in Houston when I was working here. And he was a former Navy SEAL. He had been at one of the, you know, you'd been at the tier one, the United of Naval Special Warfare. So for those of you listening, let's clarify that. That would be dev group. But you probably need to clarify that for many people. And that would be what you hear as SEAL 26. Yeah. And he'd been a lot on many of the famous missions, missions that movies have been made out of. And there was a couple other guys who were also operators, a couple guys from the Army, SF and later kind of figured out they were also at some of the tier tier one units. When I was first introduced to them by another mutual friend, the conversation was, hey, Dr. Fries over here, you know some stuff about PTSD. When you guys go have coffee or get a beer and just have some conversations. And that's kind of where things started. The, in medicine we talk about the presenting complaint. What's the presenting complaint? The presenting complaint was, man, I don't know what's wrong with me. I don't feel like myself anymore. And I look in the mirror and I don't look like myself anymore. So in my brilliant mind, I'm thinking, well, you know, I've always been a critic of PTSD, but it sounds like depression and anxiety in PTSD. So let's start there. Sure, which you are very skilled at diagnosing. Yes, yes. And that's why no one's talked to. Yeah. No, that's people do. People talk. Meeting, they don't want to be diagnosed by, but yes. So we start this conversation and pretty quickly what I noticed in these guys. Who, you know, these utterly fearless men who've been Ellen back. So to speak, do not, I guess they had depression. Yes, there was from very general anxiety, but there wasn't the fear reactivity. You, you would expect to see with PTSD. They weren't avoiding shooting. They weren't avoiding activities like diving or jumping out of perfectly good airplanes. They liked doing those things. They enjoyed doing those things. They, you know, that was home to them. I know, it sounds crazy. And they weren't crazy. But they did have some other things going on. And it got to a pretty quickly got to the point where I was like, okay, something, this is something different. And I don't know what it is. Was it because they didn't have that fear reactivity? They didn't have the fear reactivity and they didn't have the, the, the avoidance. They didn't, they didn't show any, you know, they would do anything. Hey, you want to go, you know, play with any kind of military thing or even conversations. Tell me about your, you know, tell me about your most horrific traumatic memory. And they could just very easily talk about that with no increase in their pulse. No, increase in pulse or blood pressure. No, none of the physiological arousal that you, that you would typically expect. You would expect. So then it was, huh, okay, let's, let's get a sleep study. I was astounded that these guys, they all, all of them had sleep apnea. Every single one of them. Every single one of them. One of them. Every operator in our clinic that we get sleep apnea. Sleep apnea. It's almost like a hundred percent. Yes. Then I said, well, let's get a, let's, I've never had never done this before, but let's get a blood draw and see what your hormones look like. Why did you think about sleep apnea at the time? Because that was 10 years ago and it's really been popularized now. And you know, again, we work on the same seal future foundation together on the medical board. It has really seen an uptake and even question or diagnosis. Why at that time did you even think about that? I didn't think about sleep apnea, but the sleep was so jacked up. And I was just like, we got to figure out what's going on here. There's something here. I don't know what it is. I can't talk to you. None of, nobody was wearing, you know, fit bits or wearables back then to get sleep data. So it was really hard to figure out the sleep. So let's get a sleep study. And then it came back. What? Happening, you're not a middle aged overweight man. You're right. You're a 35 year old stud. Why? Oh, how do you have sleep at me? Then we got the, then I, you know, let's get the hormones checked. And suddenly it's like, wait, what? Lotus dastro? You have the hormonal status of a 13 year old girl. Or a 95 year old man. Fair, fair. And yes, I mean, horrific. It's like, wow, that Lotus dastro and right there accounts for the pores. It accounts a lot for poor sleep depression, low motivation, irritability, poor concentration, personality, alterations, or what seemed like personality alterations. Thirty, how many years have I been in academic medicine? And I'm going to say I've been a part of three psychiatry departments, the medical University of Carolina, Baylor College of Medicine, and here in Houston University of Texas, medical school here in Houston. I don't think we had as far as I know. I mean, as possible, I was uninformed about something. As far as I know, there was no endocrinologist or urologist in the faculty on our departments. No, or, that's interesting. No, or not one. For psychiatry. For psychiatry. Now, these are large, multidisciplinary departments. And that means that when you say multidisciplinary, that means you have psychiatry, neurology who else? Psychology, social work, social work, genetic, we had geneticists, neuroimmigers, neuropsychologists, we even had internal medicine docs. But as far as I know, we didn't have a single endocrinologist or urologist. And so then you say, and this is another piece of my experience at the VA, we never, I never once referred somebody to have their hormones checked. It's just not what mental health care does. Maybe on a very rare kind of exceptional basis. I think it should be part of routine care. It should be. And really what you're highlighting here is that typically a diagnosis is given and the symptoms of say depression would be right low mood and hedonia not doing what you use to like low energy, cognitive impairment. Self report. All right, all self report. All subjective self report. In no blood tests, no lab, lab values of anything. As opposed to thinking about the subjective reporting coming from something else and you do a beautiful job explaining this in the book, coming from physiological or pathophysiological mechanisms outside the brain. Right. Yes, suppose essentially hormonal imbalances or hormonal dysfunction would become from the brain. But you understand what I'm saying is that it wasn't even addressed, which. It's even thought. I know, which for example, if someone has very low tea, you know, just even one of my patients the other day was feeling, quote, depressed recently because they had gone off of their hormonal placement therapy, we put them back on on back to feeling like myself. Yeah. And now imagine that imagine those soldiers who with low testosterone who are being told by the medical establishment, your problem is depression, hears your SSRI medication, hears your anti-depressant medication. Now that, I mean, it might help them sleep a little bit better, which could help their testosterone a little come back a little bit, but that's not really treating the root cause of the problems that they're having. And we somehow just medicine refuses to do this broadly. I don't know. I don't get it. We're getting there. We're doing it. One other thing about this early, these early guys were, I'm just learning. I just, like, I don't know what I'm doing. It's just like, I'm in there with a stick, just poking and probing, trying to figure some things out. I was director of the men inger, I was director of research at the men inger clinic here in town at that time, a fit which is affiliate with Baylor College of Medicine. We had a research protocol that we could bring people in and have to end to a neuroimaging of their brain. So we were doing FMRI, brain scans. And then I would take these scans over to my neurologist friend Ben Weinstein, who's in Methodist Hospital. And he's a co-author in the paper. And we would sit down and look at these after hours. And he was just like, who is this guy? Like, I didn't even tell him what he was looking at. He's like, this guy looks, he's scrolling through the brain. You know, you can get the three-dimensional images. And he goes, well, there's a lot of atrophy in the ventricles, a lot of atrophy. He goes, but I don't see any gross lesions or tumors or anything that would strike you as a specific type of injury, just this general atrophy. And he goes, this person's probably 70 years old, just based on the ventricles. And what would the ventricle atrophy, how would that translate to what a clinical picture is, is there even a translation to that? Because I know the brain has the default vote. Now we're going to really work in this kind of circuit. But I'm not sorry, my area of expertise here. But what he said is this looks like a 70-year-old man, who's going to have cognitive problems, memory problems, concentration problems. And he was astonished when I said, this individual brain is 37 years old. Like I had to actually persuade him, I wasn't just messing with him. You guys just weren't eating Chinese food in the office after hours. Right. Flam in the shots, it can't brain. We weren't there were no shots. And that was actually the later people. But we both have kind of a dry sense of humor and he thought it was joking. Was that the moment? Collectively all of this. And there was at some point a wait a minute. This is not simply a psychiatric problem. The psychiatric problems, depression, anxiety, anger, PTSD, addiction are all important parts of the bigger picture. But if we have to talk about traumatic brain injury, we have to assume traumatic brain injury in military special operators. We have to assume hormonal dysfunction. We have to assume severe sleep problems in Somnia plus the apnea. We have to assume chronic pain. The headaches that go with TBI. I mean, you know, chronic pain. These guys have pain in their shoulders. Nack, hips, back, elbows, wrists. I did the morph challenge a few years ago. Stupidest, most intense thing I've heard. What is what? Talk about what morph is. Oh, the morph. It's a named after Michael Murphy, who was killed in action at Operation Red Wings. The story is, I don't know what's true or not. But the story is this was his favorite workout. You put on a 20, put on your body armor. I wore a 20 pound vest. You run a mile, 100 pull ups, 200 push ups, 300 air squats, and then you run another mile, and then you hope you have a good place to collapse. And you're trying to do that for time. My elbows, like, wouldn't work for two weeks. Like, how, what is a good morph time? Good morph time. And what did you do it in? Oh, man, you're going to put me on this bat. Well, I'm very proud of my morph time, actually. I think 75 minutes is the, is kind of the, the, the, the mint, you know, is like you better get it done. You better get it done in 75 minutes if you're serious. I think the guys I know do it like anywhere from 35 to 55 minutes, depending on their age and their level of training. I did it in 72 minutes, 72. So I did squeeze it in in that in that time. And, and, but my elbows, it took them a few weeks to forgive me. So the chronic pain that we see in the community, that's why we need the functional medicine is so important for them. Where do they get that? They're not getting that routinely. Active duties, not getting that. They're not neither are, neither are retired or separated. Well, we're working with change that. We are. We are. And we are, we're going to get to that. But you have right here in front of you. I have, then this is also in the book that it wasn't written for the book. This is a, is a very short one page scale titled the operator syndrome scale that just lists all of these different conditions. And an important point I want to kind of emphasize here is these are interconnected. And so we in modern medicine, I think we often fail when we don't consider the entire picture. Your TBI is connected to your, your hormonal functioning, your hormonal functioning and your sleep and your chronic pain. There's, there's all these inner linkages. All of your body systems affect each other. You have problems in one part of your body, cascades, and every other system. Yes. And I'm just going to read a couple of these because it's important. Number one here is, and you guys can, when you get the book, you'll be able to see it. It says a traumatic brain injury. Now, I will say this because many individuals, operator or non-operator have had traumatic brain injuries without knowledge of having it. Yes. I would likely say, and again, this is my perspective. I don't have numbers. It's more common than not. Could it have been falling off of your bike at 15 years old? Could you have been a high school cheerleader who fell and hit her head or let's say you played football. Even ricocheted from using a weapon, small, again, small jerking motions. There's many ways individuals could have a traumatic brain injury. Would you agree with that? I would. And when you're talking about certain occupations, such as operators, firefighters, you have even more. I mean, the blast exposures, for example, in training that many veterans go through, the shoulder-fire rockets, the breaching, the demolitions, the jumping out of airplanes, the repelling, the diving, oxygen, depletion, types of things. But just for most people understand, there's two sort of very large categories of TBI. One or the concussive impact forces. That's when you're hit something, hit your head or your head, hit some thing, and it rattles and brute inside your skull and bruises. And for the doctors listening, that would be the Coo counter-coo injury. Then there you have another type of injury, which we're just starting to kind of tune into. And I don't know when we first put this on the map, but the first paper I read that really kind of defined the injury based on post mortem studies was 2016. Blast injuries have caused a shearing force that goes through, shears through the soft tissue in the body. It's a different type of brain injury than a concussive impact force. And that is that the, is that the inseparable apathy, the chronic traumatic inseparable apathy? Well, that was named after Benad Amaloo was looking at the post mortem doing post mortem studies in his kitchen of brains of people who were football players. He's not going to that guy's house. Ooh, or at least for dinner, or breakfast. So Pearl and his group at Walter Reed started, they kind of replicated the post mortem studies. But they started looking for other things. They used different staining technologies and they found a different pattern. So it's the CTE different than the shearing force is. Yes, so the CTE that what they find is a build up of how proteins, TAU proteins in the brain on the, for the blast wave injuries or blast wave exposures, what they found was a scarring pattern in the glial cells of the brain. So the glial cells are the support cells of the neurons. So for every neuron in your brain, those are the messenger cells, you have 10 glial cells that hold them in place, insulate them, help, help clean them. So the glial cells were being scarred and they called that, Dr. Pearl and his group named that interface astroglial scarring in 2016. So a recent diagnosis or a recent naming of this. And there's no way someone could, so you did an FMRI study of one of the tier one operators. At 37 years old had ventricle atrophy. An individual would not be able to see the shearing force injury. Right. I think it's important to mention that there's a lot of injuries. Again, whether you're an operator, whether you have a risk taking behaviors, whether you're jumping out of an airplane, whether you're doing any kind of activity which can damage the brain, you may or may not see that. Right. Yep. You can't see it. And so I mean, this has been something that's just haunted athletes and veterans for, you know, for the last 15, 20 years is there may be these invisible injuries that cannot be detected with modern, with the technology we have today until after death. Which is tremendous. And then on this operator syndrome scale, there's a few more things that sum up nicely this idea of a holistic approach. And when I say holistic approach, I don't mean natural. I mean viewing the body as a full system and interconnected homeostatic system. There is a marital and family concerns, intimacy concerns, emotional and sexual relations, toxic exposures and illnesses and cancers. So toxic exposure, which is pervasive. Pervasive. And it's unavoidable. I know in the general population and in the operators in particular and just from your book, this is, I'm just going to mention it here. So toxic environments from chemical, industrial, residential fires, including smoke, benzene, talluleen, carbon monoxide, natural gases, etc. And that really is, that's just one part of it. You have the chemicals that are in the uniforms that melt into the skin and the heat. You've got the radiological, the biological. We talk about burn pits, but that's just the tip of the iceberg. I mean, that's a tiny tip of the iceberg. You've got the water, the stuff that's in the water, steer environments. You've got all the, how many jabs did the soldiers get? How many vaccines are they given before every deployment? A lot. A lot. A lot of anthrax is being used there. And then we've talked a little bit about first responders. They're going firefighters and law enforcement often go into buildings where things are burning and they don't know what's burning in there. They don't know what kind of chemicals are filling the air in there and they may or may not have the right type of equipment handy when they go and firefighters off, you know, typically do, but law enforcement generally don't have breathing and protective suits. I'd like to thank element for sponsoring this podcast episode, element. As you've heard me discussed before, is an electrolyte packet that you can take anywhere. It is really important to replenish electrolytes if you sweat, if you are doing all kinds of activities and quite frankly, many people don't get the magnesium and potassium that they need. Element contains a science-backed electrolyte ratio. Has a thousand milligrams of sodium. 200 milligrams of potassium and 60 milligrams of magnesium. There is no coloring, no sugar. These taste amazing. Sometimes we'll put them in my sparkling water or I'll put it in cold ice cold water. Drink it up. It has helped me eliminate headaches, muscle fatigue, muscle cramps. If you are struggling with any of those things, I encourage you to check it out. Right now, element is offering my listeners a free sample pack with any purchase. That's eat single serving packets free with any element order. Go to drinklmnt.com slash doctor lion. That's dr.imklmnt.com slash doctor lion. And by the way, element offers no questions asked refunds. If you don't like it, then you will get a refund. But again, that you will and you will be a huge fan just like me. If someone was listening to this thinking, wow, I have probably really busted up my head. You have a list of questions, some things that you can do right now. Then interestingly, you go to Blasik's boars. Blasik's boars. You had mentioned this shearing force throughout the brain and body, which also by the way can contribute potentially to infertility. Because the shearing forces to the brain, there are blasik's boars that can actually affect the testicular function. Yeah. Yeah. And to a terries in the brain, the shearing land is in the brain. Yes. So you mentioned here alcohol and drug use. And I'm curious as to why you put under Blasik's boars, alcohol and drug use. I think I know the answer, but I am curious as to, is the reason that you have those questions because that would potentially compound the impact of initially or initial insult of a damage brain? Well, yeah, the answer is yes. And part of the answer to this is when you look at occupational specialties that have high danger and high risk and high adrenaline and cortisol. And I'm talking about first responders, soldiers, you have a drinking culture frequently. And in the military special operations, it's almost a competitive sport in many ways. And for guys who don't drink or don't want to drink or prefer not to go as hard as the others, it can be, there's a cultural pressure to be part of the group. So we see really a lot of, at least history of prior heavy use. And what impact does that have on the brain? Well, it depends on the substance and it depends how much of the substance and it depends on the one and the where. I think one of the things that I think maybe I should say is most people who are getting into a career of the military or as a responder are under the age of 25 when they start. And the brain's not even fully developed. So there's a vulnerability for the youth, for young adults that brain isn't even built out yet. They're not fully, the neurons aren't fully violated. The glial cells aren't all there yet. So any of these things we've been talking about at a young age are going to be especially harmful chronic alcohol use, chronic binge drinking, which could be, you know, could be tightly packed and do just a few short years or it could be spread out over, you know, decades has a profound impact on the brain leading to, you know, course of cough syndrome, which is a deficiency of B vitamins, I think. Yeah. And what do you remember what the, what it looks like in clinical practice? The course. Of course. Yeah. Of course. The mencha. We're talking about dementia. Dementia begins very early on in life. Yeah, it can. It can. And it doesn't reverse. You can slow and you could stop drinking and stop, you know, compounding the damage, but that damage, you know, is generally been done up to a certain point. Yeah. You also mentioned basically you guys, if you're listening to this, we're outlining the potential injuries like traumatic brain injury and things to think about as you are beginning to make better choices. If you have identified yourself in this operator syndrome scale and or have identified yourself as someone who's listening to this feeling like potentially you have anxiety depression. You are not functioning the way that you should. There are a whole host of things that we're going to continue to break down that may be above and beyond this diagnosis of diagnosis of anxiety, depression and PTSD. Basically, I want to walk you through the underpinnings, potential underpinnings of anxiety and depression PTSD into something more. Also known as operator syndrome and we should probably come up with something for the general population of what we would call them, but while they seem separate, there is things to be learned, there are things to be learned, there are through lines. The phrase I use is taking a whole system's approach and that's maybe more of a philosophical approach to saying we want to understand alostatic load. Can you define alostatic load? Alostatic load is a hypothetical construct that not specific at all that it represents everything that has landed on your shoulders throughout your life. That's the stress, the infysical and brain injuries, the losses, the soul crushing experiences that many people have, the fear and disappointment and the sadness that often goes with life. It's a hypothetical construct. If we were to take a firefighter, for example, we dial us and try to think about the alostatic load from this week. It might be there was stress of 20 calls and each call was individual and different and involved something. Some of those calls came in the middle of the night. There was sleep disruption. Some of those calls may be were kind of fun and you're joking, but some of those calls involved maybe saving a life or maybe not saving a life. Maybe a responding to an unresponsive child and not being able to revive that child and having sit there and either hold that child or sit there with the parents of that child. It might mean you bumps your head. Includes everything. It includes that bumping your head when you're on the truck hit a pot hole. It includes going into that burning structure and twisting your knee. It includes getting further into that structure and inhaling some kind of mystery smoke of what you don't know what it is if you're not prepared and covered up. It's everything and then it involves going home and being in a bad mood and getting into it with your spouse and having a screaming knock down argument about that and then looking at your bills, you don't have the money to pay this month whatever bill. It's all of that and that's alostatic load. Nothing specific is just the load that we carry. I have a question about alostatic load. I struggle with this idea of stress because looking at some of the data from Ali Krumbs lab and just some of the stress physiology, it seems to me that humans are highly suggestible. So just hear me out. Hugely so. Yeah. And that when we are taught that whatever that feeling of stress is, for example a child doesn't essentially know their stress out. When we are taught that this impact, whatever that is, is oh I'm so stressed. It seems as if it's reiterated over and over in this fight or flight response and it seems that it is largely taught is pervasive. And because of that, this idea of alostatic load I struggle with because if in fact, stress is a subjective experience. We have one word to define stress whether you spill on your white sofa or you go to the DMV and you forgot your paperwork versus trying to revive a child or losing your job or losing a teammate. We have one word to define stress. Yeah. Some people are better and interpret things differently. I'm with you. I'm 100% with you. Yeah. Yeah. And so I really wonder, you know, it's not just a fight or flight response. There's tendon befriended. We have many friends that elicit courageous response as their go to. Is this idea of this pervasive stress world that we live in? Maybe somewhat incorrect or what are your thoughts on that? Well, so I want to be really clear. I don't think we live in a pervasive stress world. I think some people do believe that. I don't see it that way. And so let me separate the discussion of alostatic load and the discussion of stress. So alostatic load is all the things that have landed on you. Now, plus the things you do or minus the things you do to mitigate that load. We have, as humans, in our society, we have in many ways we've trivialized the word trauma. So let's start there. What is a trauma? And I don't know many guys from the military special operations community who will say I was traumatized by my service. I don't know one. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sure they're out there. I don't actually know one. For the most part, I don't either. Like I said, I don't see PTSD. I don't see the fear reactivity or the avoidance. I don't see a hesitancy to talk about their experiences with somebody who they feel comfortable with. In fact, the first time I ever gave a guy a short PTSD questionnaire and he returned it to me. I was like, oh my god, you got PTSD. And I'm like, what's this about? Then you have to go, what was your criteria and a trauma event? What were you thinking about when you completed this scale? Is divorce. Is divorce was the single worst thing in his life. And I've heard that over and over again from guys. So it's not what happened overseas. But let's talk about society. You know, very very well known book by Jonathan Hayton and Greg Luke. Luke, I'm not sure how to pronounce this name. Luke, Luke came off. Two social psychologists, I believe. I think they're both social psychologists called coddling of the American mind. And coddling of the American mind. of the American. So when I was a child in the 19th set, when I was a teenager in the 1970s, I had what I would be considered a normal child for that day. I walked to school. It was a 45 minute walk. I played French horn, which was a bad choice. I carried the French horn to school. Walked home. My back hurts just thinking about that. I got home from school and there was a stack of newspapers there for my paper out. So I did walk the neighborhood through papers. Then I would get my bike and I'd write over to my friend's house. And then we would write down to the park and we'd be thrown a ball around. And when it got dark, a bell would ring. My mom would be out on the porch ringing a great big bell as a signal at that time to come home. And we would take our sweet time and we would go home. Now we were just on our own all day. Didn't have any structured activities. Didn't really have any supervision at all. Nowadays, children, young, from basically, until they leave home, have every moment, kind of structured for them in a lot of ways. They, their parents, run interference. Their parents hover. Their parents supervise. So the idea of the coddling of the American mind is we've stopped allowing young people to have the stress and occupation. That phrase stress and occupation is an old psychological concept, which essentially said in order, and it's just exactly what any inoculation is. To prevent you from the flu, we're going to give you a shot with just a little bit of flu. In it, in your body, we'll develop antibodies and you'll get stronger and you'll be able to resist the flu when you encounter it in the real environment. So it's an opportunity to develop resilience, and durability against the thing. Right. So you get a little bit of stress, a little bit of failure. I mean, failures are really critical learning experience. And if we don't allow people to have that failure, that disappointment, that inability to achieve something that they thought they wanted. If they don't get little doses of that constantly throughout their youth, they get to college and they perceive college as being completely stressful and overwhelming. And I love my students at the University of Hawaii. They're really good people on your still professor. Yes, I'm still professor. I still teach at undergraduate students. But one of the things that's clear is they all have, they all, that's not fair either. Probably the rate of anxiety somewhere in the 40 to 60%. That's a lot of anxiety. Oh, 40 to 60%. I think 40% are diagnosed with anxiety disorders. 40% are probably taking psychiatric medications. Most many, maybe a majority or receive psychotherapy or half received psychotherapy. I mean, psychotherapy is great and important to be able to to talk through. But that amount, those numbers are staggering. Staggering. They are. And when you talk with students, and you know, at the end of every semester, I get the, hey, can I have an extension on the deadline? Could I take an incomplete and finish this next semester? Students are, and then you will, well, it's really been a really hard personal semester for me. Well, what's going on? And it's, and I don't want to minimize anybody suffering or struggles. No, no, that's not what we're doing. Yes. But it's, it's rarely something like, no, it's usually things like some financial problems at my parents' house. My dog died. My mom is being tested for and evaluated for some illness without even having a results back yet. There are things that that we wouldn't have recognized as, as highly stressful things 30 years ago. How do you feel that we can, how can we work towards stress and occupation? It's interesting because the operators don't need really stress in occupation because they'll wash out. They, they wouldn't even make it to that kind of level. I think we both can agree. Well, selection and training is an occupation. Yes. To a certain point. I mean, it's part as basic training. Every soldier in basic training here's a gunshot. Here's an explosion at some point they're crawling through the mud with wires over their heads. But I'm telling you, I do believe in many of the, it's interesting because many of the operators would disagree with me. I, I truly believe it is not cultivated. It's cultivated up to a point, but they are, they are born different. Well, of course, genetics are DNA has a lot to say about who we are and who we become. No question. But it's interesting because you talk to the guys and they will say, no, no, it says this was trained in me. I'm like no, brother. This was not trained in you. Well, but it has to be both. Yes, likely both. Everything is both. Nature and nurture. Yes. So we need, we can't really directly affect the nature in the sense of genetics, but the part that you have some control over is the fact. Is that true? Do you think that if there's this whole conversation and I want to go too far down a rabbit hole, but I have to bring this up because it is top of mind. If we are creating we are coddling the American mind and we are creating generational softness, then I can imagine they are highly stressed, not inoculated to stress and then they grew up to become adults and have children and your students 40 to 60% in their late teens early 20s are now high anxiety. They all have children. I wonder if you believe that there is an epigenetic pass down to another generation that then becomes softer and weaker and experiences this allostatic load that is exponentially higher than you would look at and go, you're stressed about this. That's definitely worthwhile perspective to consider. I don't know that we have clear data on it. We know there are epigenetic changes, meaning the ways in which genes are expressed can be affected by exposures and experiences. That is predicting that is we are not there yet, we are not able to predict it. If you were to give not into it, but I'll let you finish and then I wanted to hear your advice. Just think about the culture on campus, trigger warnings. A trigger warning is warning you in advance that we are going to talk about something that might scare you or upset you. Hamlet gets a trigger warning now. Hamlet gets a trigger warning. Because they talk about suicide, it will feel a die jumps and the river and drown. How are we doing? Exactly. What are we doing? Safe spaces. The whole concept of a safe space. I don't even know what that is. It's a safe space. I mean, this started, I don't know, 15, 10, 15 years ago. I started noticing these stickers showing up on doors, professor doors. Specifically saying this is a safe space for LGBTQ, meaning you could come in here and we won't hate on you or whatever. I don't know. I can appreciate that, but that should be a given. I shouldn't even be given. If I am saying to you, you are my student and I am the university, not just me, but I am the university. We have trigger warnings on things that like Hamlet. What did you think when that started? Professor, for 30 years. I thought it was fucking crazy. I still think that. It's still fucking crazy. If we're creating safe spaces, and we have committees now on campus to create safe spaces. A lot of the entire DEI diversity, equity, and inclusion is the rhetoric is about creating, it's somehow is about saying the world is scary and it's full of hate and meanness. Words are violence. That's another one you hear a lot of. So we're going to protect you from all of this. We're going to cuddle you. Now what happens when people get out of let's say out of the university? They're in trouble. How are they going to function? How are they going to function? Because I mean, maybe the world is going to have safe spaces and trigger warnings for everything. So what do you propose? Again, what I also love about this book is there's a lot of protocols in place after each thing. So I was just looking at this, what to do for sleep, etc. There is not a protocol here for safe spaces. Yes, but I guess it's stress and accumulation. Have you thought about that of what we can do for? Well, population. I mean, in first of all, there are many parents that are really good at stress and accumulation with their children. I don't want to say it's across the board all, but children in many places, in many homes are not getting the stress and accumulation. The parents don't want to let them fail. Part of the problem is the perspective of public education as well. Every child gets a prize. For you to come in for your child to come in second place, that would be hurtful to that child. So we're all going to get a prize. Everybody has a first place finish. You hear things like this. I have friends who when they first became parents and their children became six, eight, twelve, have expressed they feel so much pressure not to let their children be allowed to do anything on their own because the other parents condemn them. The other parents shame them. You know, it's on one hand, I feel like the operators will always maintain a level of durability, but I can't help but think, are we also going to make less resilient operators? I hesitate to say that, but I wonder, you know, and as I'm looking through this list, when you're evaluating somebody, do you think that there is one thing over the other that seems to have a bigger impact? Let's just talk about from a medical aspect. TBI. I was going to say TBI, so we've got TBI, sleep. TBI. Endocrine. Wow. TBI. Full stop. Full stop because sleep and endocrine functioning are really damaged by the TBI. Okay. Now, if I were, if you say what are the three ingredients of anaesthetic load, I would say it's like to know. I would say it's TBI, like the physical things that are hitting and going through and hammering the brain. I would say it's the super high operational tempo of both training and deployments where there just isn't time for a pause time for a reset of the nervous system. Do you think that individuals need resets of their nervous system? I think people need time. Time to, I think people need downtime and different people need different. What does that look like? Could that be anything? Could that be Netflix and chill? Could that be meditation? Is there a solution? Well, that's something I work on with my guys. The guys I work with is trying to figure out what is that downtime for each guy? But, you sometimes we sometimes hear about an operational pause where guys come home from a deployment and they get a week or two or a month or a month. I think Shane, when he came back from Afghanistan, he had an operational pause, but they put him in a hotel maybe it was a week, two weeks and they liked that. Yeah, troops you staff, I mean, you know, back in the old days. Back in the, because Chris is old. I am, and I've worked with, if we want to include my great-grandfather, combatants of every war back to the Spanish American war in 1898. It's noble. It's noble service because you were not actually in the service. I was raised as a conscientious subjector in the Quaker community. You were raised as a conscientious objector in the Quaker community. So you raised in a Quaker community? A Quaker faith. I mean, I don't mean, okay. It's not a omnisch. So that's two different things people sometimes confuse them. My father came back from the war and he was, had a, as a physician was very anti-war in his views. We talked to appreciate. And yeah, of course, who, nobody's pro-war, I don't think. And so when I was 10, 11, 12, every, you know, every Sunday, we went to the Quaker meetings, friends, meetings. And it was awesome. I loved it as a kid. And I still have a lot of respect. I mean, I'm, I'm, I'm Christian, not fundamental Christian. I am Christian. And Quaker is kind of where I came from. It's a very low. There's, there's not mistructure. There's not like a, an authority figure. It's your all bunch of friends that get together and have conversations every Sunday. And when I became, when I turned 18, and I had just, had to register for the, for the, for the, for selective service, the draft. I did have the ability not to, I had the, because of, because of my, my life, you know, my, my years as a Quaker, one option for me, at that time, would have been to claim conscientious objector status. And I did have some conversations with both my parents and some of the elders in, in, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the community. And I decided that I would register for the draft. So I did do that, but I, but I never served after that. And I went to graduate school in order to, because I wanted to work with and help. And you are, and you are serving. TBI plus high up tempos of the operational tempo. Yes. So the three things TBI high operational tempo. And then the circadian disruption. Tell me, what is that? What circadian disruption? Working at night, working in different time zones. Jet lag. Is it an example? Mom's go through. Yeah. Yes. Yes. Yes. Absolutely. Anybody that does shift work is disrupting their circadian cycles. What impact does that have on health and wellness and the ability to deal with stress? Well, it harms it. Specifically, more than that is hard to say. Hard for me to say, I'm getting a little outside my, my true areas of expertise. And, and I think it varies by individual. But if you're not, if you're not going to bat and getting up at the same time of, of, of day on a consistent basis, you're not getting your quality sleep. And you're, you know, we all have a circadian clock in our bot in our brain, the superchiasmatic nucleus. But we also have these elements of that circadian clock in every cell in our body. My circadian clock is set to who I stand or time. So what time is it there for you? It's 12.33 right now. You ship tons of energy. And, and then so, but, but what does that even mean to say? We have the circadian rhythm. Well, our hormones are entrained to do different things at different times. Our digestive systems are entrained to do different things at different times. So, if I'm knocking on doors or kicking in doors at, at two in the morning, my, when I ordinarily would be a sound asleep. I'm not functioning at my best. But I'm also disrupting all of these whole systems in my body. And when you work with the guys, it is very comprehensive. You and I both know a handful of people that you've worked with. We've shared some, and we do share some patients. We share some patients. Yes. And we work on a, on a committee together. They're trying to continue to figure out if it is. It is so fun. Oh, it's a blast. We need, we need to talk about the health, the operator health index that's coming. Okay. We will talk about that. But, yeah, I just do a little bit of this and have some conversations. And then I send the guys over to you. And you do the hard stuff. Um, yeah, you guys are real pain in my butt. Not just kidding. You guys can take it. Thank you to inside tracker for sponsoring this episode of the show. We talk all the time about optimization. You can do a whole bunch of things through diet and exercise and proper sleep. But if you are not measuring the impact that it has on your body, you are missing out inside tracker provides you with a personalized plan to improve your metabolism, improve your sleep, optimize your health for the long haul. Most importantly, it analyzes your blood and your DNA. You have to understand where your biomarkers are. For example, apobe is a biomarker that is linked to cardiovascular disease. You must know these numbers. If you care about living well and living long, inside tracker is a easy way to get these things done. And inside tracker also offers tools for professionals. I know there are a lot of professionals that listen to this podcast. Inside tracker pro is a no-cost platform that allows your clients to share their inside tracker analysis with you so that you can tailor their health protocols and training based on their results. Go to inside tracker.com. You get 20% off the entire inside tracker store. Just use the code doctor lion. Do you now you do talk about supplements in here for sleep? And basically you talk about a sleep environment. You talk about sleep apnea, which anybody listening, whether you are male or female, if you are a woman who's gone through menopause or going through menopause, you should get to sleep apnea. Did you know female hormones as they changed? Typically because of these changes in progesterone, etc, leave people at risk for sleep apnea. As you had mentioned, if you are young and fit and let's just say you have over a 17 and a half inch neck, you should get to sleep apnea. If you have had any kind of head trauma, you don't have to be an operator. You should be test a sleep apnea. Would you agree with all of these things? Yeah, and I would add, if you feel tired chronically. Thank you, sir. Yes. Get tested. If you are looking at your wearable technology, whatever you wear on your wrist or finger to track your sleep, if you see changes that don't that you don't understand, you should consider talking to your primary care doc about getting a sleep study. And then the other thing is just talk to your sleep partner. Two questions, I always ask people, is your partner ever tell you you snore loudly and frequently? And have they ever seen you stop breathing in your sleep? Yes. A lot of guys say, yeah, my spouse has filmed me not breathing. Always, I know how many pictures I get from the entrepreneurs' wives of the guys that don't listen. If you guys are listening, it is very easy to get tested for sleep apnea from a just a very practical aspect. You do not have to do a sleep study insurance typically covers it. And yes, I get a ton of videos especially from the entrepreneurs, you know, partners whether it's a male or female. Usually the guys that they stop breathing. And you also covered insomnia, sleep apnea, periodic limb movement disorder. Have you seen a lot of that? Yes, and it's a really crummy thing. For people who don't know what periodic limb movement is, it's basically this, this almost this in irresistible urge to stretch and flex the muscles in your legs. Typically, it's almost like an inch that you have to scratch. But it's not restless leg. Ressus legs is where you feel like you constantly have to shake your legs usually related to. I believe some sort of anemia, and we are certainly, I am a deficiency of an deficiency. But periodic limb movement disorder, because it's interesting that you put that in there instead of, Ressus legs. So you chose common sleep disorders, periodic limb movement disorder. Is there any relation as to why you chose that? Was that just something that frequently came out? Well, I hear the periodic limb movement. But maybe I, I probably don't understand either one very well. I'm not sure. Madison in general understands either one very well. But I think a periodic limb movement is something that afflicks people and their sleep and disrupts the sleep, whereas Ressus leg is more of a date, is more of around the clock experience. But you tell me, you're, you're, yeah, I mean, I don't think that it is super well understood. Periodic limb, I don't think I've ever diagnosed anybody with that, but definitely Ressus leg. And when you correct for the iron deficiency in neemion, potentially, whether it's electrolytes, I do see resolution. And I will also say anecdotally, I've seen ice baths seem to help Ressus leg. Right before bed or just in a time. Just I usually don't have them do it before bed, but that coal plunger. Yeah. How about, yeah. I try not to space it for hours. Yeah. Towards bed, but okay, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All plunging the morning is it, or in the midday, it would be a good intervention. And then a couple other things that you had mentioned, melatonin, vitamin D, you had also mentioned avoiding nicotine products. They contribute to fragmented sleep, which I hadn't really quite thought about that. The dosing because a lot of guys use nicotine, gum, or pouches. Mm-hmm. A lot of people do because it is a, it's a neuro, what do you say is a neuro stimulant? Yeah. There's some good evidence to actually, it's support and brain function. And I'm quite frankly, not opposed to Lodos nicotine. I'm same, same, but neither is Matthew. He's got Zinn in his bucket. Try just trying not to use it, you know, before bedtime. Right. And you know, I have a former NFL player. He just pounds the nicotine. I'm like, do you use up a verbin? He's like, yeah, and I've already sleep in my brother. We got a people who can think they're falling away to sleep, but they don't know what their sleep quality, their arc, the sleep architecture is. And that's another piece. I try to get folks to understand. Just because you're in bed with your eyes closed for eight hours and you think you've been asleep. It doesn't mean you've been getting quality sleep. True. You need that time in REM and slow wave. Sleep. You need two to three hours of that good. Good sleep. And then you move to hormones out of all of the things in the operator syndrome book, which there's many. Again, this is a book that is, I believe that this book is for everybody. It is for providers. Yes, but it is also so, or I know you, you may disagree, but the general population can get a lot of good information from this book because the book operator syndrome is talking about operators. It is talking about things that potentially the average person wouldn't encounter, but they're, I would argue that there are more things in this book that the general population interfaces with. Yeah, yeah. That is frequent. So, and then the, yeah, so I mean, I agree with you up to, to, to a high, to a strong extent. For example, each of the chapters is really just written like the chapter on depression is a four, five, six page chapter that's written like hopefully it's an easy to read practical guide to help somebody understand their own depression and what it means and what are some of the things that they can do about that. And then the, the part two of the book are the, are the interventions. So, most, most people cross the board, no, of psychotherapy and psychiatric medications, but they don't know about all the other type of interventions that really just kind of come on the scene in the last 10, 15 years. And I had on my list here is that our time at Steley King, Lamble, as one of them. Okay. What are your top interventions because I do want to go through that what are sure? What are the top interventions? And then I like to play this game, which is a yes or no game. Okay. And you can't say anything else is only yes or no. So, tell me the top interventions. Steley, ketamine, H-bot, is there, are there, tell me your favorite topic on that? Well, I don't want, I don't want to be dismissive of psychotherapy and, and psychotherapy, and so let's talk about the top three, you know, other than those two. I'd like to, I recommend people start, like, if you're hurting, if you're anxious, if you're having trouble sleeping because you're hyper aroused, go get a Steley Gangling Block therapy. What is Steley, Stelate Gangling Block? That is a very simple, very safe procedure. It takes about, I don't know, you tell me 30, 60 minutes, probably 10 minutes. It's a quick outpatient procedure that involves injecting a little medicine into the sympathetic nervous system, which can be accessed at the side of the neck. And so a little light of pain or novocaine injected into that, into that nerve, it turns down the fighter flight. And it works almost immediately, like later that day or the next day. It has almost no side effects, a little facial drooping for a few hours. It probably is helpful for about 80, maybe 90 percent of the people who receive it. And they may need a few treatments. They may need a series of treatments, depending on the extent of anxiety. And we recommend in my clinic, we recommend Stelate Gangling Block frequently, not just for operators, but those individuals that have high anxiety. Anxiety disorders and PTSD, everybody can benefit from this. Spouses of operators, I just had a conversation last week with a good friend and his wife and it was just like, dude, you go get a couple's massage, go to get to the Stelate Gangling clinic and do this. And you can do it on both, you can have it done on both sides of the neck. And I recommend that too for really high anxiety. This is a medical procedure that's been around since the 1920s. I did not realize that. I'm just looking it up here. This is not a new, this is not a new. I did not read. So just for the providers listening, it's used for the treatment. Again, of what Chris is saying, many medical conditions, historically it's anesthesia that's administered around C67 for headaches. Initially, I mean, that's for decades, for almost 100 years it was used for headaches. Our good mutual friend, Sean Mulvaney, also a seal, now physician, essentially pioneered it when he was working at Fort Bragg. He was using it and a colleague Jim Lynch and then there's Jean Lipoff. They were using this to treat headaches. And they're not psychiatrists. These are neurologists and it's these oligists. We're using it to treat headaches. And they noticed that in the days after the procedure, the soldiers not only did their headaches get better, but they were sleeping better. They were relaxing, their spouses and families were commenting. You just seem so calm. And they were feeling calm. It just brings that anxiety from the, from an 8 or 9 or 10 down to a 4 or 3 or 2. And the ganglion is this group of, would you say sympathetic fibers? I'd have to look, this is, I feel like this is crazy anatomy, quizzing me. I never took crazy anatomy. It's just a psychologist. I'm not a real expert. It is what we would think of as the sympathetic fibers in this sympathetic chain ganglion. So this is where we think about fight or flight. We think about our nervous system, up an F-RN, neuro-up an F-RN, et cetera, these excitatory neuro-transmidders. And it's present in 80% of the general population. And it's not 100% what's interesting. It just turns that down, the volume down. And concern that many people have is this going to dope me up? No. Is it going to make me groggy? No, it's going to make you sharper. You're going to concentrate and remember better because you're relaxed. And I have seen this work wonders. Yes. Again, who is this for? This is for someone with anxiety, depression, PTSD. Someone who I would say potentially doesn't want to try medication. Yes. I just think that this is a invasive procedure. It is not, although I will say, I strongly recommend that when if you are thinking about a stelly ganglion block, which you can Google, I believe that someone should have a crash cart there. I think that there are some places to do with out of crash cart, a crash cart would be if there was any kind of emergency cardiac emergency crash cart has all those things. It's also used to treat cluster headaches, stress disorders, intractable and ginance of this chest pain. Really, really great and safe and it should be under whether it's ultrasound or fluoroscopy so that it's nailed. And it's easy to find. It's not easy to find in the VA. The VA does not offer it in most of the regions around the country, but you could look it up in a, in a, in the yellow pages or Google it and you're going to find it all over your town. There are, there are also another place to find it or pain clinics. What is your threshold for sending or recommending it to somebody? So if I, if I sent you a patient and I said, hey Chris, I want you to talk to this patient. I think that maybe they have X, Y, and Z, how fast would you, what, what, it would be your threshold, what you would look forward to say, you know what, let's, let's see how you do on a Steley gangline block. Well, first of all, I think we, we probably would agree. There's not a, there's not a lot of reason not to get a Steley gangline block. But it scares people. It does scare people the idea of having a needle in the neck. But if it's going to call, if it's going to bring calm, so if somebody is not sleeping because of anxiety and hyper arousal, if somebody is highly anxious about anything, certainly PTSD, and part of what I part of what you have to factor in is what is their history of other treatments? And where are they in the process? So if this is day one, this is your first day of talking to somebody like me or you, and I'm going to say let's, let's do this early. And let's get the sleep study. I think that that's a great idea. And let's get the sleep study. Let's get the blood work on blood testing dusting. Let's, let's get this scheduled and do it. Now, because there's not a lot of reason not to. And there will be very quick benefits for most people. Now, it's not a, it's not, it's not a full cure because most people who receive a Steley gangline block do have a medicine where is off. And, and the over activation of the nervous system can come back. It often does six months, 12 months later. But, and you can go back and repeat it. You can have it done again. But, man, what a great way to start to feel better now immediately. Now, feel better now. And then you're going to do better in your therapy. You're going to do better with with any other intervention you, you, you, you, you attempt. One of the things I like as an intervention is journaling, which a lot of people think of as kind of hokey. But it's probably almost as good or in some ways better than psychotherapy, just sitting with yourself and putting some words on a paper, combine the SGB, the Steley gangline block, with journaling or therapy, and you're off to a really good start, especially as you start to then figure out your sleep in your hormones. And when someone picks up journaling, what I have found it is it's very helpful in being creative. Do you just say go write something or think about gratitude? How do you instruct people to journal? I tell them, I think, you know, just be free form. Right. What comes, do you know? It's going to be in the context of I'm always having conversations with people. So, what are we talking about in our conversations? Is that are their themes, are their issues? How do a conversation very late last night with one of my guys? And he's in a pretty tough situation right now and he may not have the ability to see his nine-year-old daughter much in the in the for the next few years. And so my what I said to him is start a journal, write a letter to your daughter once a week or twice a week. I love that. And keep that journal and present it to her down the road when the timing is right. Just the then shall learn that you were thinking about her, she'll learn that you were what you were thinking about her, but also what you were going through yourself during this this this difficult period of time. I mean, no give it to her when she's 10 maybe, but you know when the time is right. You have it. Whether you give it to her or not, just the writing of it I think will. That's nice. That's very therapeutic. Selle ganglamp lock, journaling in a somewhat of a therapeutic way. Maybe free form or a letter to somebody or thoughts to someone that you might not have access to what else you got for me my friend. Oh man there's so many things. Your favorites. You only you only get to give me top three. Where are we now? You're where it to? You get one more. One more. Maybe if Matthew thinks maybe we'll give you four nice to Matthew. I was pretty I was nice. I know he's like coming in here with all bags and stuff. Cedamine infusion. Talk to me about Cedamine. What is Cedamine? Cedamine is a medication. It's been used in anesthesiology for a hundred years. Isn't that what Michael Jackson died of? Fentanyl. Fentanyl. God I got that one wrong. Mikey died of Fentanyl. I think I wasn't there, but I think it was. It's a good thing. Cedamine is a tool one of the tools within the field of anesthesiology. It is a hallucinogen so it has psychedelic properties. It is commonly used if you've ever been in an automobile accident and rushed in for trauma surgery. You probably gave you two or three different compounds to go with the surgery and Cedamine might have been one of them. You might have had the Star Wars experience of zooming whites and and and and universe that's flashing around you. There's different ways of using Cedamine. Like I said, it's been in medicine as an anesthetic for for years decades. It's now FDA approved as a treatment for depression. Yeah, I'm looking at it right here. Cedamine is approved by the US Food and Drug Administration. It's also being used in the management of psychiatric disorders, chronic pain management. It's been incorporated to many treatments of psychiatric disorders such as major depressive disorder bipolar, post traumatic stress as well as post operative and chronic pain management. Yeah. It does say Cedamine infusion is not a first length therapy. No, it's not. But that's not because it shouldn't be. That's because the medical establishment and the insurance companies, it's much cheaper to give you a prescription of paxle. And this is what this is where I, you know, this is where I get into my my, I could get into a rant about how we do this. But but I want my patients and I want my, I don't see patients. I want to I should walk that. I want the people who are patients who I'm consulting do an advising to get over to get well quick. I spend six months. I agree failing to treat you with two different anti-depresent medications that that you have to be on for a couple of months. Then if they don't work, you got a transition to another one and you got to give at least that an adequate chance before the insurance companies will say yes to Cedamine. But I don't know that there's a good reason other than that. So the thing I would say about Cedamine is there's different ways of administering it. One is infusion. Which would be IV. That would be IV intravenously. And that's what I recommend. You could go through there's some companies that will send you sublingual tablets that you use at home and have no, no, no, you should be with a, you should be doing a medical profession. Yes. And it means 48 sessions. It's not a none. It's not something you do forever. It's 48 sessions. Each session probably is 90 to minutes to three hours. Where you are you sit in a comfortable recliner and you have this the medication run through your system for a while and then they remove it and your head clears and when your head clears, you go home. Yeah. You could do that every day for a week and get a massive effect. And pairing that with the Stelegangly and Block. Just a paper, a short paper I wrote with Gene Lipoff, Dr. Lipoff. And I have a theory. He has a theory on it just kind of helped him with this that Stelegangly and Block by itself is very powerful treating for treating the anxiety. And we think that it might, this is a hypothesis, treat helped to stimulate neurogenerativity. So brain repair, growth of new neurons and then write some pathways. That's being studied right now. I think there's some clinical trials. I think our French on Melvani is consulting or working on those clinical trials. We think I think the same thing about Academy. I think Academy has brain healing properties. Ibo gained us. We think there's some promising and from evidence that the other psychedelic medicines do. If you do, if you have Academy and it treats your anxiety and depression and mood variations and it helps repair your brain, that's a double win. And then this is the other piece of our theories that if you do them together, the Stelegangly and the Academy in the same week in close proximity, same day, that there's a symbiotic benefit there. Interesting. Interesting. That is a rapid alleviation of symptoms. And so Academy and works by blocking what they believe is the NMDA receptor. And this is a receptor in the brain, brain mood, cognition, pain, perception. And it is thought to have a very rapid effect. I'm looking here. It says, the symptoms, the improvement in symptoms can be within hours. That is very fast. And so basically this is removing a blockade to living a life that is, I don't want to say manageable, but the symptoms of operator symptom and the symptoms of just this coalescence of stuff. Whatever it is, whether it's sleep disturbance, TBI, hormonal dysfunction is pretty tremendous. Okay. I love that. Do I get a fourth? If you want one, Matthew gives us a thumbs up. Okay. We got a thumbs up. What's the fourth? You're one more? The EEG guided version of trans-cranial magnetic stimulation. Yes. And your friends with Dr. Eric Wong. Friends and I work. I do some work. I'd consult to his group. And so when I say I consult, I work on the data that they have collected. So I'm helping with the scientific work. Yeah. So just to just to say, just to explain, do you want to explain? I'll let you explain. Um, basically the EEG that are done typically will look at brain wave patterns, whether, you know, in the the waking state, it will be able to show what kind of brain wave you're in, whether you are in kind of a sleep state, which actually happened to my husband because of TBI's that he was awake. But there was a disregulation in his brain waves and he was exhibiting brain waves that looked as if he was asleep. There is ways that tell kind of the, and I see this cautiously because I'm not on your all just, but brain capacity, firing capacity. I'm certain I'm not explaining this in a way. But it can also show if an individual has had a TBI or has had any kind of head trauma. Oh, do you have a picture in the book? No, keep good, keep talking. I just want to, I want to, um, I just want to find a data point that's, that is in here. And the trans-vegnetic stimulation is very good for many things, including, you know, oftentimes we mix up longevity and optimal performance and they're kind of two separate things. This idea of optimal reforms. You get an operator ready. It doesn't mean that he's healthy. You're getting him a red him to do the thing. And that could be with any sport, whether you're cross-fit athlete, whether you're a football player, etc. Could be anything. There is a divergence between high performance, performance, and longevity, and they are two separate things. You could perform phenomenally for a few days or a week. And just your beat up. And then you're done, right? And so I only mentioned that to say that when you look at these EEGs, it's not necessarily all about optimizing performance. It really is about how do you rethink the brain? Hmm. So I was going to back up a little bit and just explain trans-cranial magnetic stimulation, TMS, also FDA approved for treatment of depression and spinarin for, I don't know, 10 years or so, at least FDA approved. I don't remember exactly how long. But the idea is they position a magnetic coil next to your head and they just buzzes a little electricity, a little magnetic stimulation into one side of the head and then it crosses trans-cranial and it crosses to the other side of the brain. And our neurons function, they're all their electrochemical. So electricity affects the brain. And you have about 30 sessions of this, where you sit in a chair for 20 minutes and this thing just buzzes. I think we have now improved this treatment with what's called Murt. It's magnetic EE resonance therapy, which is what you just described is the EEG readings first to help improve the precision of the intervention. And we've got really good outcomes now looking at special operators who have gone through the treatment and the, I think I'm not fully right in on this, but I think some of the special operation branches, like maybe Air Force, are starting to look into using it as a prophylactic mid-career. Not waiting until, oh, now you're retired, now we'll fix your brain. But that is fascinating. Yeah, yeah. And there's low side effects. I mean, the only real side effect of it seems to be like you might get a little rash at the site, a little skin irritation. That's fascinating. Yeah, it's cool stuff. I'm going to ask you, yes or no questions just for fun. Okay. And you can explain it. Are there right or wrong answer? No, it's all, um, this is like a psych, psych test. Is this fun? Psychological. Okay. But I'm the psychologist. So do I get to do it? Yeah, I know. I get to do this back. No, you can. You can. Okay. Yes or no questions. Alcohol. Yes. Vacation. Yes. Scrolling on Instagram. No. Down in the rabbit hole of the news. I want to explain. You know, I'll out to you. It's a yes or no only. Yes. Medications as first line treatment for depression. No. Medications as first line treatment for bipolar. Yes. The use of bipolar one or bipolar two. Let's clarify. bipolar one is yes. Okay. So for the, the listener bipolar one is an individual has to have been hospitalized, right? Is that the remind me the definition? Well, the, no, the distinction is, um, I mean, that's commonly what you end up with. But the bipolar is just you got two poles. One, poles is severe depression. The other pole is Mania, which, and then the person with the disorder has, has periods of time as in weeks, not, not, you're not manic in the morning and depressed in the afternoon per se. Mania is is a very serious, I mean, it sounds like a great fun. I mean, when you're people who are in a manic episode feel great. They feel wonder if you're not often times, you're not like to be a medicated. They don't want to be a medicated because they don't need it. They feel great, but they're prone to gambling, sprees, spending sprees, drugs sprees, crime sprees, promiscuity, sex sprees, so then when they come out of that manic episode, you don't, you only get a yes or no, though. But you were, okay. So medicine for bipolar one, yes. Okay, medicine for bipolar two. Yes. Okay. As as the first line, the different medications, but different medications. Okay. Fair enough. Do you have one more you would like to add Matthew? Jumping out of an airplane, yes or no. Yes. Okay. So you still think all these things are good things to do with parachute, caveat. But interesting, early cancer detection, yes, reading. Routine blood work. Yes. That's it. Those were my yesterday questions. Did I pass? Yeah. These were just, we always were starting to ask yes or no, like rapid fire questions. Because people often, and again, it does it pulls it out of context. But I think that it's, you know, like if your feet were held to the fire, I agree with you. Medication for bipolar one and two. SSRI, maybe for depression, it's not the or medication for depression might not be the first line, but I just like to hear just all fun and games. Okay. You ready for my questions? Do, does it yes or no? Do you get asked questions? I do. Okay. I'm a guest. Yes. Never asked question. Yes. Fair enough. As a guest. Yes, sir. Make sure we edit this out. I'm kidding. Yes. Go ahead. Okay. Do you see, are these yes or no? Yes, sir. No questions. Okay. Turn about as fair play. Journalists. Yes. Sax. Yes. Cannabis. No. Beer. No. Meet. Yes. Vegetables. Fruts. White rice. Yes. Brown rice. Mother. Yeah. Father. Yeah. Now we're getting into the psychonyamic questions. But, um, and those are all questions. So these are questions that I would recommend. So these are answers. I would all give as a yes to my patients and the us to myself. Mm-hmm. There's not really distinction. Mm-hmm. Yes. Fair enough. Yes to that. Um, are there any other things? So there's a couple things that I really want to highlight. I do just want to mention, you know, as we kind of go through all this, this operator syndrome, this idea of early cancer detection, I do want to talk about the health initiative. Yeah. Yeah. You would like to kind of kick that off. Yeah. We're not. Yeah. We're not. Yeah. Talk about that because that's about to happen. That's really close. So, um, so seal future foundation SFF is a small foundation that serves a former US Navy SEALs. And so it's a small group of people. They have a health program. I've worked with the health program for, for, for, three years now when it was just one guy. Now it's three guys that work there. Part of what I like about the SFF model is if you're a seal, and by the way, I'm representing this as a model that other foundations and other groups could use across the board. So firefighters, responders, green berets, PJs, marine raiders. I would, I would like to see this model out there for more to use. So if you're a seal, former seal, you call the number, you talk, and you get, you know, you get an appointment, and you talk to, probably about a hotline, you call the bad hotline, and you talk to another former seal. You're not talking to you or to me, you're talking to a brother who's been there, who also happens to have a usually a, you know, medic background. We love Joey Fia. We love Joey Fia and Hogan David, and and the whole SFF thing. And they, they will have a whole conversation with you about many things. They do use the operator syndrome framework. So they have stuff like this that that they will use. They won't prescribe, but they will educate you. They will talk with you about opportunities about, you know, hey, do you know, have you heard about Stelle Gangley and Blanc? And, and then they, of course, have a very good national referral network, and then they pay to send, they will pay for the care. Now, two years ago, we decided, hey, we should have a whole, it shouldn't just be me and Joey, as we were building up. We should get some real experts. Not just the psychologist who plays the doctor on TV. So we created a health board of advisors and you were gracious enough to accept my invitation to join us. And we have multidisciplinary so we have neurology, psychiatry, occupational therapy, advanced practice nurses, functional medicine. We have an amazing endocrinologist at the University of Michigan, Rich Ocas, who is both a clinician and a, and a one of the leading researchers in the field. Leaving people out here. We have Chelsea Simone from Hunter 7. I love which is one of these, she's a rock star and 107 is for everybody. Hunter 7 is the foundation that's looking at toxic exposures and cancers in veterans. So if you want to learn more, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a big fan of Hunter 7 and donate money to them because they're representing every, you know, all-american veterans on this space. Thank you to first form for sponsoring this episode of the show. Today, I would like to highlight creatine. We have heard about creatine for the last handful of decades but let me tell you this. Yes, we know it's impact on muscle cell, volume and muscle health. But did you know that creatine mono hydrate is exceptional for brain function? That's right. We're moving beyond just the muscle. But it also impacts brain function, but the dose required is actually higher. And I'm just going to throw this out there that the evidence suggests that roughly 10 grams of creatine is necessary to have positive cognitive effects. I think it's really important and I love the fact that creatine can be used for muscle and at a higher dose can be used for brain protection, especially through aging and even if individuals are not getting good sleep. If you're not on creatine, I strongly encourage you to check it out. Go to first form. That's one ST, PH ORM.com slash Dr. Lion. That's first form.com slash Dr. Lion. Check out their micronized creatine mono hydrate. It mixes so smoothly and the upsides to this supplement are phenomenal beyond just muscle health. First form.com slash Dr. Lion. So if you guys are looking for your donations, I will put a link down here. Hunter 7 is doing such meaningful work. I don't think that we can talk about the numbers yet, but they're screening many people doing full body MRIs or who are doing something called the Grail or Gallery Test and there are lives being saved. Young lives that nobody would even know are never. And the SEAL future foundation also is a wonderful organization to consider learning about or donating to because they are, I think they, I think what they're doing is really at the leading edge of creating a model. I mean, yes, they're helping the SEALs, but what they're doing could be a model for other foundations. And what we have done together, you and I and our colleagues on this health board, is we've essentially written a book that isn't a book. It's a it will be a website, a living website. So you'll be able to access that. I think it goes up March 20th, March 26. It's almost ready. I was in comms. I was in comms with Joey this morning. And it is our collective work, such a true collaborative work. You can use it in a variety of ways. So you could go and you could say I want to learn more about this treatment. So what is aesthetic angley in block? And you can go to that and you can find that. You could do it from a different direction. You could say, what are the treatments for anxiety or PTSD or hormonal disregulation? You could go there and then get links to the pages that explain those treatments. And there will be links, not just, not just here's our representation of it, but if you want to really go deeper, here are some podcasts that you could link to. Here are some some of the peer review research that's out there that, you know, I mean it's not going to overwhelm you, but there will be resources to learn more. So it's really just an educational tool that we've put together and we'll we'll continue to update it on a regular basis. And it's out there for everybody. It's there for the world. So that's the cool thing. I love what what us up FF is doing there. It's amazing. Chris free where can people find your book? And you guys, I strongly suggest you grab it. You can get it on Amazon and I, I know you have a website, a web, no, if your book is on sale there. Well, you could, yeah, so my website is Chris free.com. And that's spell your lesson. F R U E H H dot com, but even better, just go to the ballast books, B a L L A S T ballast books website. You can order it direct from them. It releases March 26. So you can pre-order it on Amazon now. Or if you pre-order it from ballast, you will get eight, you'll they'll send, they're sending them out now. So you could get it earlier and if you care about a signed copy, they're also signed, they would be signed. That's incredible. I have my signed copy. And you've actually read it. I have read it. I sent you a PDF ahead of time. Yeah, I'm not going to have you on a podcast. I don't have some names without reading the book. Well, most people don't read the book. But this podcast is not most people. This is a special podcast. Yeah. Yes. This is really cool to have a conversation about the health. And I'm, you know, I'm a fan of of your work. I've read your book and recommended it to many people. In fact, it's recommended in my book. I saw that actually under the recommended reading. Recommended reading. I thought that. I read forever strong, which is a phenomenal book. I recommend it to my students. Next semester, it's going to be on us one of my syllabi for one of my classes. I do, I usually put like four or five books and allow students to have a choice. But after read the book, that they choose. And then they have to go into the, to the peer review literature and start pulling out studies. Good. And they have to write a paper making an argument, whatever argument they want to make. What are your phone? What are your phone? Yeah. Well, good because it's going to toughen them up. And there's a ton of references in this book. So, we're going to get to it. Yeah. Yeah. But seriously, Chris, thank you so much for coming on. Oh, thank you. It's, thank you for having me. This has been awesome. It's inspiring. And I think that, you know, there's quiet professionals behind the scenes. And there's quiet professionals behind the scenes in in a multi-disciplinary approach in many different occupations. We talk about the quiet professionals in the military. And I truly feel that you are a quiet professional in the mental health space that really transcends beyond mental health. And I have so much respect for you. And I'm just so grateful for everything that you do for the guys. Because I can call you and it's not like if you will talk to them, it's, I got it. When is it? Following up, like, that is extraordinary. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you for your support and for having me here. I really enjoyed this conversation because, you know, I've done a number of podcasts in the last, you know, recently and well over the years. And it's rare to have a podcast with somebody who's as knowledgeable and as educated and as, as experienced as you are with the, with the science of the science and the clinical wisdom that you have. I'm so grateful that you share. Yeah, thank you.