Oh, you're funny. Oh, you're funny. So like I said, like I said, like I said, do you like my title for the first year? Oh, yeah. Welcome back to Iron League. Jump deep, love out here with Lee. Actually, I think it's, oh wait, Darth Vader. What did you do with Lee? He did a demonetized us with his music. What? Has never demonetized him. How dare you say that? Thanks. You made his friends with the person for his demand. I'm here to put you back on stick. I'll show you more of that. My man, I'm on this bus. I'm not having a second. I'm with you. I will never go as you dive Vader. I'm a Jedi. Shave, it's really me, but we can't release that it's really me yet until Kenny Kayo calls up George Lucas and does an inquiry to find out on the fake Darth Vader. But until then, let's let people believe on the real Darth Vader. Okay. I want to know how Darth Vader had a coffee break. This is very old on Dave. I want to look upon you with my own eyes. Oh wow, he's got the real one I know, that's pretty. Jesus, I still can't see. Oh no, let me, let me wait there my son. It's been a long time since I was your father. I'm going to take my collar off. Ah, that's better. It's lead, please. Who were you? I don't know. I got worse. Hold on. Look at this one. Hold on. Another one, just in case. Oh, I'm going to fall out of my seat. The things I do for Kenny Kayo, I tell you, Dave. The things I do for Kenny Kayo. You're really, you're just a fake Darth Vader. That's what you are. You're fake. Hold on. One year if Kenny went out of business, they were you're me. Hold on. Hold on. No. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I am not the real robot Danny Jr. Okay. But it's alright. I can. It's my hands, man. What's going on here? Man, man, man. Man. Man. Are you the fake Iron Man or the real one? Oh, no, no. My lighting systems now functions. You've been doing a lot of fake stuff lately. What? This is real. I like it like this. Good. Fake a real wager. That's the question. Kenny Kayo says you use the fake weights. Oh, well. That's pretty cool. Get to the lights up though. Hold on. Let me just do my. What? They're back on. What is the battle mode? Well. I like it. Very nice. Yeah, you can see it. When they've got all the cool toys, you know, that every kid would wish you had. Like on Batman with Jack Nicholson. What is he gets? That's wonderful toys. That's right. That's right. That's right. People don't know that. They were. I don't think Tyler was born when that movie came out. What? The first. The first thing. Yeah. 80s. He was in the morning. He was still swimming in the boat. He was still swimming in his father's bowl sex. Oh, yeah. So, so Kenny Kayo, which is the. You know, he is the obviously the the judge. Oh, no. I know. Kenny. Kenny Kayo is the um. The one that calls out fake fake people fake girls on the butts. Yeah. Fake everything. Kenny Kayo is the one that um. When we're talking about fake isn't Kenny Kayo to one that. Put on 28 pound a muscle in two weeks. Yeah. 28 pound with coach. 28. Tony. Tony. He's 28 pound a muscle in two weeks. And he's got the hide. The say anyone else's fake and bullshit. Come on there. What he should have done was a video because everyone kept sending it. His fake video one did he did and spent hours research. I think the guys just came looking at my fucking bicep. Yeah. Trying to work if this thing's fake or not because he's weird. But I want to see him do a video on how he put 28 pound a muscle on two weeks. But how he lost it all in fucking 12 hours. He took a diabetic. Oh, give me 10,000 dollars. You say it's the proof it's true. Kenny. Keep your 10,000 for food and steroids. You fucking need it. Fuck. So he did just take it. Take it. Take it. Take it. Take it. Take it. Take it. Take it. Just wouldn't fucking be right. He probably makes more of a the bottom of us with his YouTube channel. I don't know. I don't know because what I looked at it. It'd be not for a while. And he's got like 400,000 subscribers. But he only had like 1500 watch each video compared to Nick put up the video of me doing a Nick was at like 250,000. I think. Same fitness was close to 100,000. So he has already subscribers. But no one watches this shit. So what's that tell you? I don't know. Yeah. Let me let we're talking about is Kenny Kay. I'll put up this video of you doing a like a strict bicep curl with some of your friends. I don't know what's going on. But I didn't want to even trick because when I put up the first time I said it's not strict. Because of my injuries and stuff from stuff like this. But what people felt the sea was. Let you know the secret, the bars real. The collar's a real. The 20. The 20 kilos on each side of real. And the red ones are real. 2.5. I never. I never hit the fact because this is. This is how a rowing a reporter here is. if you go to Sam's fitness where he got the video from and probably from, well, there's probably six videos of me using those red plates on Sam's fitness or I'm curling two of them on each side. I got two red ones and then a black one and I'm doing straight bar curls, then I'm doing reverse curls with it going into a press. So the roving fucking report of Kenny didn't have to go to a far if you really wanted to see them. Well, I think that's where he found his evidence for those from those other videos you had. Now, now someone, he said someone else sent it to you and they said, they didn't even see those videos. I've always, they would have brought him up. Well, they did bring him up. I think it was in his video. They put those videos up. Now, now somebody sent him something saying, oh, this and that, the company makes these fake ones that he went into it and he had the zoom in on that a red one, the show where we scribbled out the point. Rather than just going to the other video where it shows me doing reverse curls with, that would have been 110 kilos or more. That's right. And then like that from revenge. I know you don't give a shit about that. Was that like the sand put you up to that to do some kind of, you know, sensationalistic videos? That way you did it. Wait, look, look, look at my same videos. That's all we do is just riffing into people. And then the whole thing, too, is you see when it comes out even more, the full length is new slash Kenny. I'm wearing a defund immediately at the show. What I'm doing at talking about. Hate news. So what you say is it was taking out a context, you know, and understood the joke because they didn't see the whole video. Is that what you're saying? Exactly. I'm just showing how pathetic the meat area is and you people believe, fucking anything they fucking see on whatever. It's not crazy to how people love to, and because you're about the most authentic person. You're actually too authentic. I tell you this sometimes you're too honest and that's why people get pissed off at some times. But, you know, if anyone's going to pick on anyone is being on, you know, authentic, you're the last person I'm going to go after. Probably would, you know. Oh, well, I just thought I'd get in. I have the final because the first video I ever sent Nick of doing that I just had a five kilo on each side. And I struggled with the five kilo. So I progressed Dave. I progressed a bit since then. And then and then people I said, in that one point that I say I'm going for a world record and I wouldn't do that. Look, if my arm was better, would I maybe because you're in the back in the day, like I said, it will. Jim, I called 300 pounds on a stripe. But it wasn't strict because as I was, because I was going to get ready for Olympia. So when I got through a bad here, you got 300 pounds. I said the lean back just to counter the way back. Exactly. Yeah. No, but I didn't swing it off. I brought a lot of norm would then just let back with it. And that sort of thing. But now, now, it's always going to go for the record and this. But I'm just proving a point that how many other people that they're doing their videos. You can't believe what you're fucking see, babe. Or Jesus fucking Christ. If Trump hasn't taught you anything in life, that is fake news. Hey, but listen, don't get mad at me. People with, you know, what Nick and everybody look, you got 250,000 of more stuff. Keep going up. I fucking made your money. Yeah, yeah. Well, you know, it's also, I think what's, what's, what's causing? You're not trying to hide you to anything like that. You know, some of these guys, like, if you were trying to like, you know, justify what you did, you would be like, but I think way to know, but you're like, I don't give a fuck. You know, here, this is the way it goes. Let me just say it, but I lost it in a half or more same, and I've been sitting back having a good fucking life. I was gonna, I'll imagine you probably wouldn't do here. And when I saw Kenny's, that just popped it off the way he went into the hole. Fucking, you know, this was almost like a round. I opened up fucking alcohol, a pound's bolt. Yeah, it was a round of people who even don't, we thought, a rather rare idea to show where he was going to open crack open the secret vault of alcohol. And it was like a, our special to wait to the very end when they actually opened the vault, but there was nothing in there, right? Yeah, I was empty. Oh, oh. Look at why Kenny's going into that he's doing, you know, so I just such told me, and then I went to the site and then I did this and then I did that and I was like, well, he even figured out why he even figured out the rationale, why you didn't try to break the record with the fake weights because he figured that then if you broke the record, more people would screw it nice in the record with what you did, the left. So you thought you were trying to purposely, not if I was going to break the record, I would have done it properly and actually look, people on the secret, if I do go to do it properly, I'll do an unedited video of me weighing each plate, putting it on this scale, but then you're going to get the people go, well, I've seen him in a movie is what I can catch you, have you got to win them at a what way you do? No, unless someone's in there. Kenny's pay, oh, say he's going to fly out to you and then in Australia and then witness it and then you're going to give you $10,000. I thought would I let him in as you got a criminal record? He probably come out for the, he'll probably come out for the game, mighty girl. I think that's in January, February, Kenny. So you can come out and show that body that you built. I don't like the promote stuff and I don't promote anything really, but apart from supplements and whatever, and these show and stuff. Well, now you can have it to challenge that. He put it out there, Tango ran if you can do the weight for real. You think would you start maybe practicing now and really do the weight, you've done it before. I have to work on the strength here because even when I did that, cause this side takes most of the weight sort of a lock side of thing. It's almost like you go to squat and you've got the bar a bit crooked and all the weight seems to be on one side. So it feels a bit weird if I do anything like that. But well, the last time I properly cooled outside here, I had a 28 side of 10 and a 5 on an easy cool bar. And I asked me what that is. That's a 20 35 kilo each side plus the 10 kilo bar. So that's 70 80 about 80 85 kilos I did out here at home. But that wasn't strict. That's just doing normal cool. That's a nice 7 pounds. That's pretty close to 2.10. Yeah, so that's what I did properly. And my friends at training with me can validate that. But yeah, if in a 14 gram would I probably go for at least 20 in case I did get injured. You know, yeah, you only got to go one rep though. So right, you only have to do it once. Yeah, but still, he takes one rep to fucking, you know, I took me one second when I pulled the two there at the box to tear the 10 that off my shoulders. That's true. But then again, 10 grand is 10 grand, you know, you like to do those crazy lifts anyway. So really, but I've never done one obviously. I've always in all my training for out my years. I've never done a PB on anything of always. I was always on the impression if I can't get six reps. I'm not going to try it. Maybe at least everything was five, but I was never a four rep tree rep go for a personal best of one. I always had to do at least six repetitions before. I think you can do it. I think two 10 is doable for you. Hey, look, it doesn't matter. When you still got fucking 21. He jumps. You're getting 80. He's not in now. Hey, Kenny. Fucking Kenny. This is real. No fucking oil. Go investigate the oil in people's fuck. Hold on. I think I see a simple markedair. I see a zoom in. Let's zoom in on that. I don't know if I'm right there. Lights are a bit bright, but fucking hell. Look at that different. I'm fucking alums the Olympia. Fuck, I think I'm going to be ready. I think you can. He's going to have a forensic expert analyze that arm now to see if there's any kind of marks there. I'm by the way, Kenny. This shirt here. I got from Rebels Sporting Shop. It's actually as the true underarm is sure. It's not a knockoff from piloting. Oh, yeah. I've got to say big thank you to VP. Thank you to Cardillo. He sent me a belt. You sure that's out of faith? Did you burn that on there yourself? Hold on. Let me read the tank. I heard you're a leather tanner now. Is that true? I did. I was from Cardillo. 1,800, 272. Built. That's the style. I'm going to show you what's on it here. I'm here. It's got a machine gun and bullets. All right. And on here it has me. That's pretty good. And then me. And then oh. Me. Oh, the Punisher. The Punisher and me. And on the inside it has the Punisher. Wow. Did you have that made? Did he say send that to you? He made it for me. And then it says banged and then the Punisher. Yeah. But it says on the back it says banged. Lee priest. I did it my way. And then just a couple of pictures of me. Me flipping off the bird. So thank you very much. It is real leather Kenny. It's not our streets leather or fucking whatever you want to call it. It's a. Actually I had to measure my a tell you my waist didn't I because I scared to measure it. Go as early. I need your waist size and what is it? I can't remember. I can't remember the last time I measured my waist. So what do you think it is? 32. Are your clothes. It was just on 33. That's not bad for an old man. That's great. That's great. It used to be 29 when I was competing and that was with a real tape measure. Kenny, not a fake one too. You know what the point is? I actually like most of Kenny's videos. They're pretty good. And this is actually sad thing is so. The sad thing is the last time I even thought of Kenny or saw Kenny was on that huge doctor Tony huge document where they were all shooting up their insulin in the restaurants and taking their gear. And from the beginning of the show that ended it I couldn't see any difference. I knew that fucking Paul Paul Zach was going to die or something. And then the other guy could have could have trained because his shoulders were too sore from all the fucking injections. And the other guy had a towel on his head. He's like, he's just the train today. And he's breathing like this and stuff. That's like, Jesus. And then he goes, and Kenny's put on this much muscle and I'm thinking, he looks the fucking same. It's almost like if you had a pile of steam and dog shit and it's like brown, steam and hot and then a week later you got the pile of dog shit. But now it's white. But it's still the same dog shit. That was like Kenny in the beginning video. He was fucking red and shit from taking all the injections or whatever. And at the end of the video, he was still the same shit Kenny. But now he was pale. So it's just like a piece of dog shit that just changed color. But the shit was still what it's saying. So I've got analysis of the movie. Thank you. It's only the priest can do it. That's for sure. So to reiterate, will you be taking Kenny up on his $10,000 challenge or no? If I'm, I get a bit better. Yeah, I might, but that's a thing to the injury. When I watch it to you guys, I do not believe Lee did this with his injury type thing. Can you was talking like the injury was just yesterday? Yeah. Kenny, the car accident was five and a half years ago. But the injury problem is just due to that nerve being crushed. I've only got half the strength on one side. So I'd have to try and work out it because as I said, the hardest bit is when you're lifting all the weight goes to this side. It's like if I do back now and I'm doing a pull down. Most things I have to do, I have to do single. Maybe I have to try to do a stripped dumbbell, because I can put a hundred key on this hand. I'll put a 80 key on this hand and a 60 key on this hand. But if I do a pull down like this, the bar goes, er, this pulls more. So I've got to try and do isolated, you know, isolated type shit. Anything that's joined on a bar, this will just go. Right. What's the, what's the, what's the topic of today? Kenny Kio. The top it was does Lee Priest lift fake weights and the answer you gave us is yes, you did lift fake weights and was this sensationalist. We can't say it was all fake. It was half an hour. But again, it wasn't, it wasn't two ten. But they can't put the, yeah. But Kenny is doubting your act, your, is doubting your, and I think you can do it. I think you can do the 10 grand. When did I get it? Back in my hey day when I was young, I did it the 300, 35 whatever it was. It was, there was the smallest straight bar at World Gym on the balcony. What's the smallest straight bar? Wait, 10, 15 kilos back then. There's, you know, the smaller, they had the free 20s. And then there was a five on each hand. So that was it, and it was there. Like I said, Eddie threw me the fuck off because I've had my wrist straps on. I think I've told you, just putting the wrist straps on, I'm just picture in it. Joe Golds got his head out the window. Come on, if that thought you come with that boy. And then, I'm wrapping, you know, because Joe Golds got a name for everybody. Even in shape, I was fat boy. So I'm wrapping on, I'm pictureing in my mind, you know, just picture it. You got a focus. There's a couple of other people there. Steve, the long here. I remember Steve, he did the drawings to a lot of stuff. It looked like a tall Viking guy. I think it is last name. But these are one I'm trying to track down for the photos. Just see took the photos. And here I'm psyching up. I'm about to lift it. And he just walks over. So I put his hand on my arm and go, he's Lee. Don't teet your bicep. So I'm like fuck, they're fucking unwrap the fucking straps and standing there. Go, thanks, Eddie. I didn't even have that fucking image you might. Yeah, yeah, you're trying to like focus. Yeah. They're all at now. Well, I see these fucking bicep coming off my house. I'm just going to never find minutes to try and get that image out of my head. And then take take two. Yeah, just put his hand on my arm and go, Lee, don't teet my stuff. And then stick my arm back. Eddie. Yeah, but the whole thing like I said, it's like the only had to go to Sam's fitness room, muck it around with those plates before. So there wasn't an end-depth thing, but there's mainly just the proof how to media and people believe anything they see. And half of these other people do encourage unambilip. Yeah, we have a time I used fake weights. I think was in my life was Robert Reef. Remember after while and people get injured doing photoshoot sort of time? Yeah, well, because they sound you. Chris, I'm glad you had the fake weights too. Yeah, I didn't really use them with him, but it's mainly Robert Reef. And yeah, maybe because he had those dumbbells that look like they were probably 160 pounds with downy weight, like 20 pounds in a single curl with them. Then he had those 20 kilo ones that were metal, but they probably weighed five pounds each. Yeah, well, that's because for photoshoot because people don't want to get hurt during photoshoot. Yeah, well, not good. Remember Chris Lung, Chris Lung, you didn't give a shit. You put the fucking real weight on. No, he would never really. Yeah, yeah. He was three. And that was like two weeks before a contest, you'd have a photo shoot with Chris Lung. We're doing legs and sadly, remember he had hooks when he told both his fucking cords doing that. Remember the worst thing with Chris was you'd want to heavyweight, which was great for the photos, but the thing with Chris was like I remember once I was doing squats. So you got no shirt on which I don't know why he's squatting around a shirt. And you got oil, you got oil all over here, so the bar is slippery. And you just start going down with five plates. Or magic, hold it there. Hold it there. Go a bit deeper, go a bit deeper, hold it there, hold it there. After what I said, look Chris, I can't fuck you know, if you hold and stuff and hold and stuff, and if you're heavyweight, that's fucking, even doing dumbbells, it's like, even just holding it. Yeah, it's a good idea. You're asking for trouble. The funny thing with the jump here was able to do the weight. It was an easy squat for him, but the problem was he had ready, he arranged finished the photo shoot. He was leaving the gym and and lung wanted to do a couple more shots. He had already cooled down and everything like that. That's why he'd score his quads. And nothing, he said the weight wasn't a problem. It was a lot of weight for a normal person, but at the end he was squatting that easy, you know. Yeah, but the thing was, I said, just say the Chris listen, I'll use a weight that's heavy, but what I'm going to do is I'll just do the reps at a nice slow pace. And as I'm doing the reps at a nice slow pace, you just put you little fucking finger on that button and start going. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm going to say, even if you hold it at the bottom for like even three seconds, hold it, and then push halfway, hold it, hold it after what you're like, there's nothing left to push it. Yeah, I thought that sort of so that was it, but then they as I said after a few injuries happened, they brought out the fake ones, but the thing with the fake ones, I'll zoom it up a refold say, okay, Lee grab it now, you know, similar to Tom Platskart. It's like, I can't fake that it's like, you got to act at me. Every time I did it, he's like, Lee, you look like your laughing or something like that. Like give me a real fucking weight. And so it actually shows me that I'm struggling, you know, but I'll be like, he's like, you look like your laughing again. So if you were, if you were one and you wouldn't be able to fake an orgasm, basically, you'd not get access. Is what you said? No, I wouldn't. No, I would be able to fake that. Now, and who'd want you? It's like Jesus, who's on a fake and all guys in this life? Yeah, but to me it's like, you know, everything's a contest day, it's like you just get as long as you get your stay that sort of matters. That's what matters. You guys sucked into the whole thing. I don't even know how you got sucked into trying to do this whole trick rep thing. I didn't get stuck, you know, I'm just showing people how it done. That was, that's why my first video I did do on five. My very first video I sent the Nick Ditty put up was me struggling. I mean, struggling with five kilos inside. I mean, I got the bar and I'm leaning back and a little bit in the bars going sideways. So I just thought I'd just show how pathetic it is because it's getting old people. It's like, everyone now's just doing these stupid strict curls and this and that is like, really? You know, this is getting Nick. He's got a big far, I see, he creates these weird like, I guess I'm going to put on a natural fucking strict curl contest. What are we going to do? What's people doing these strict curls in their garage? It's got to be in the same place that the same time as the other people because otherwise it's not a contest, you know. And it's got to be like I said, I had my bar against a poll type thing because the wars had stuff on, I'm so it's like, too. And then it's got to be the exact same war that everybody can be caught in the back against the exact same war. And then, you know, like I said, and then do you go by, because I noticed something when they lean against the wall, do you know, you make the heavy heels against the wall or how far can you feed me? Because some people have their feet down here like that. Yeah, that's your elbow. I'm up and down, twisted around. Elbow shoulders, knees and toes, knees and toes, heads, shoulders, knees and toes. Yeah, so if they kid how far do you put your feet out? It's like, some people have the feet right out, so even that, against the wall, it's like the sort of leaning a bit than some are standing straight like that. There's so many rules we've got to look at here before we have these contests going on for people. It's like, you know, but anything, I've got enough. So you were making a political statement about how ridiculous you felt the kind that's was. And just to hold how people believe shit, everything they see online, they're like, oh, wow, look at him doing that. It's like I said, did the fun, the media shirt should have sort of been the first question of any tip. So people have to when when Lee priest has to have to always look for the clues to get the true message behind what he's doing. It's always a metaphor behind what you're doing. Exactly. But I said, if you look at Sam's fitness videos, I've never been serious in them once. You know, even when I talked about that whole the secret to bodybuilding is when you're ejaculating, you get the coming, you're rubbing on the muscle. Larfo, Larfo, you want people actually wrote in asking is this true. And this, I told him, I told him in a serious face like this, you have to do it straight after training, because once you've done your training workout, that's when your body, you know, really produces a lot of testosterone. So I said, it's highest point. So 10 minutes after your workout, you need to go and get a change, or you reject your leg. And cause your warm, the cause of your skin, the, you're rubbing into the muscle. I said, but this secret has never come out day because cause you imagine if all the top coat coaches and bodybuilders like me was training a young boy. And I said, you got to ejaculate and rub it on your muscle. He'd go home and tell his parents, and I'd be charged, he's been a purifier. I said, they're close. The closest the secret ever come to getting out was in pumping iron. When Arnold said, the feeling of the pump is like coming, I'm coming all the time, I'm coming at home, I'm coming in the gym. That was the first time the secret was almost released about this transdermal semen, indenomussel, you know, anabolic effects. But you know, if you're watching those videos, you can see, but if I ever was the breaker record, I'd make sure I had people like you there, or people that had no, had no ties to me whatsoever who would be like, what is, Lee's mate, of course, are going to say he didn't blah, blah, blah, blah. Okay, he's willing to come out, so we'll get him out there. He seems to be the official validator of the industry. He's like the referee of referees, though. Well, hack and we trust team. That's a guy that's hit he put on 28 pound the muscle. Yeah, he's stuck on the stomach. Yeah. Well, he was put up to tank grand, so, you know, he's going to make sure you did it right. Really? Do you think Kenny, Kenny, look, look, they're why he looks and stuff. Do you really think he's stuck gutting grand? I think he makes a lot of money, but his YouTube channel, I think I got it. I was given it the charity. He's given it to you. If you can do the two of it. I like to see Kenny with the girlfriend. I think that's what he's lacking. Is he going to go for a never-save him with the girl? You can ask him when he comes out there to make sure maybe there's a 210 pound trick girl. Maybe we should look into that. Does Kenny have a girlfriend? Or boyfriend? Do you stay in age? It doesn't matter, so. Maybe he's afraid that you're still a, or her away. I did after the last, I don't know how he's because I'm up thinking of boyfriends all the for some Steve fucking popped into my head, but I did after the last hit that video. I was the sitting by the tool and then they incorporated the puppets and that whoever did that, that was pretty nice. That was my sugar daddy is something or another. You got that video handy? Tyler? How about that? Tyler? I'm an aminoide. C-B-D. What was he? At permitted then when I first looked at him, I was like, oh, I'm playing it. Get the other one. I don't like the one that I saw. Get the one with the CB2. There he is. 22 billion in 2022. High-pot CB-D is way ahead of the science. Latest research shows that CB-D could lower dopamine in the brain and may inhibit long-term brain and race-based dopamine more than a month. One-seek in the cognitive function, go to advancemedeclabs.com and read my new article entitled New Research at Cannibre Dile. CB-D lowers dopamine. Dope rush cocktails to the rescue. Until next time, remember knowledge is knowledge. Wow. Power. I'll age his about. When I first saw the guy sitting on the pool first, I thought, wow, that guy is really impersonating Steve. I thought it wasn't impersonating him. I'm gonna be like, oh, he's not really Steve, and he's sure enough. And he's sitting there. Oh my god. This is like, he's fucking, someone got left behind on fucking Epstein's eye. And then he's fucking fucking sitting there by himself. When's the Clinton's coming back to get me? I feel like I'm back. I'm gonna talk about CB-D. Can have it out. What is it? Can have it out? Epstein said it would be back in a couple of weeks when I found it easy. I've just got to keep making these videos. You gotta come back. Jesus, I need to feed the women up inside. I'm really gonna go to school soon. Let's go and on. Oh my god. What's with the shirt off? And then the other one, I was just like, oh my god. What's pretty good for guy 70 years old? Oh my god. Oh, I thought it was a lease. Was he, I'm looking at his recent videos on it? I think it was a reason though that they can have a dab of dial one year. CB-D, you know, the hottest news in town. That's the new one. But he's just discovered CB-D, you know, whatever the latest fan is, he's gotta go out CB-D always been out for a long time, but I guess like I said, newsy slogan, Did he Island Epstein Island? I guess. I have a headache from laughing right? I got it and so. I didn't get even. What's going on with? Oh god. That's all right. Well, the guys remember to fund the media. Don't believe what you see. Lee Priest tells it like it is. I'm Dave Palumbau for another installment of Iron Age. We'll see you next week. I'm going back to the Death Star for I'm going to get my cannabadial.