We're in hell to grab with our XM also.com and Mike Johnson, a huge Olympia weekend. Absolutely fan, absolutely fantastic production. Not a hitch, nothing problem, no broken equipment, no issues at all. Hey, we don't do broken equipment in American Strongman. I'll tell you what, we use big dog strong equipment. There are exclusive equipment manufacturer. They take real good care of us. This stuff is top notch top quality. So we usually don't run into issues like that. But always the second day goes smoother than the first. You get all your hitches out of the way on day one and then day two it runs right through and these athletes were absolutely amazing today. Some amazing performance today. And now we had Mike Coruso three event wins but it wasn't enough to bring them to the top. I'll tell you what, this is his first contest competing as a pro. But he did not let that big stage bother him. It didn't affect his performance at all. He knew what he had to do and he went out there and he did it. And Mike looked terrific. Tom McClure, pros and 2,000, five, a horse of a man. Tom McClure is absolutely a monster and you talk about the split between Mike Coruso and Tom McClure, a half-point difference between second and third place. I mean they just fought for position all day long. And today Mike Coruso snuck in there, half a point victory took second place over McClure as third. Now our winner who took third at the Arnold Strongman, amateur last year to win his pro card took third behind Travis Ormire, Dave Osselen at America's strongest man. And Hock's Prince Ormire this year comes in with redemption today. Are you kidding me? And actually it was this year, 2011 amateur Strongman World Championship at the Arnold. He took third on the big stage earned his pro card as a top-facing American. His first pro show, like you said, America's strongest man, he finishes third. His second pro show, he comes out here to Vegas and he wipes the floor with everybody. I mean, five point differential between second and third. He really, really, really nailed it down. I'll tell you what though. It's kind of reminiscent of what happened in 2009. The first inaugural Olympia's strongest man, Andy Vincent did the same thing. Ernest Pro card in Orlando came into America's strongest man, finished third. Olympia and wins the whole deal. Close race, he had back in 2009 when Vincent, with Van Hatfield, a Michael Burke, shot the door on the competition today. And I tell you what really did it for him. His overhead pressing has improved tremendously. He looks strong at America's strongest man. He's with the opening axle. But here today, he just flew through that meddling. Oh yeah, he was much better with that today. Little trouble on the O'Ket and started today, but he really cleaned up. To work on his course, strength a little bit, I was talking to him, get his deadlift up where it needs to be. But this guy really doesn't have a chink in the armor. He doesn't get a zero. He's got tremendous grip strength. His overhead first, tallazies. And frankly, he's pretty lean guy. He's got to be six foot five. He's not a 390 pound guy at all. So he's got plenty of room to fill out and gain some more muscle. And he's got to go in the next season, strong and confident. And he's got endurance and gas to get him through those events where some of the other guys struggled, especially with the cardio related events. Oh yeah, the suicide medley is the test of everything that you have. 90 seconds of hell. And you see a lot of these guys didn't finish, but they were pulling for a full 90 seconds to try to get that done. Mike Burke lives in Colorado. It's got to be to his advantage to have that high altitude training on a daily basis. Yeah, I couldn't agree more. Mike, thank you very much. We're going to see you again. I'm not sure what I'm going to see you again, actually. Well, hopefully you're going to come out to the 2011 North American Strongman Amateur National Championships. Also, we're going to have the 105 kilogram light, light, strongman pro championship and America Strongest Woman in Tunica, Mississippi coming up the first weekend in November. I guess I'm going to see you the first weekend in November then at the NAS event. Mike, thanks again for having us. We absolutely enjoyed being here this weekend. Glad we could help spread the word of what you guys do. It's a great partnership and really look forward to working with you again. It was my pleasure. Thanks for coming out. And again, MHP Olympia Strongman challenged huge weekend. It's finally winding down. The booths are starting to close and we're tired. It's been a long weekend. Until next time, until November, Brian Holibrand with ourXMuscle.com.