Hey Brian Hillbrown with our Exams of that calm. So selling our took a couple days of hard and before we came to the Big Olivia Weekend to hear in Vegas and we're staying at a really cool joint called River's boutique hotel. Look crispy this morning, sorry. We give her a couple days just to hang out and relax. Have a couple cocktails and sit pooled, saying unfortunately it's been a little rainy at the time of your story. So I have an out-of-the-all-up pool time but it's been a great time. The rumor staying in is called the Swayer Suites and we were upgraded to this room not quite sure why because the hotel is reasonably empty. Straight out vintage 80s porn room, vinyl furniture, vinyl pillows, the baddest super comfortable on one bus and it just like that had a long time. So let's call this a stay-of-the-steel fridge which is super important to store cocktails which we have several hours. Now I'm functioning to Chrome bars unfortunately, let me get some salad and do some pole work for me but not a chance things are going to hold up to anybody. We can see the bed. Actually, it used to be comfy and a bed, I was a little bit angry. Again, what I was talking about, we are late with the course and up there. There was a couple air brushing things around and I'll show you another one of the bathroom in a minute. The vinyl furniture is got the black sparkly basketball kind of thing going on. The vinyl pillow is super cool. Really good. And it's stepping outside here to the one eye, nice comfy places to lay down. Great poultry is poolside. Kind of quite a few girls out there today, but not too many. It's kind of a nice day. I'm finally getting a little warm and sunshine. They're 60 inch on the wall, it's always important. My favorite part, by far my favorite room in the house. The bathroom, this is the bathroom later on. Again, we have that vinyl sparkly basketball furniture going. Another plows moment. Sir, what did you put on? What's that? Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. The favorite part is this. A little walk through shower. Dual heads, super comfy, toasty warm, beautiful black vinyl, little slippery though. We have found that out the heart actually. And then I come up the other side. They see it's nice and clean and very well-appointed. The toilet I think was a bit of an afterthought. It's buried in the corner over here, which is a really fun convention. I'd very excited back there. But we made it work. Anyway, here we are. We're going to start the rumors boutique hotel. And lots of things about it if you have an opportunity to come stay here. It's cross street from her rock cafe. Her rock hotel is all right. If you have a chance from stay, awesome place. We're going to bring the thumbs up right in hell. We're going to throw our explosive out.