Brian Hilderbrand, our exp muscle.com, wrapping up the 2011 American Strongest Man in Hot Springs, and I'm here with Dion and Mike, and let me tell you the both of you, an absolutely awesome show with some terrific performances Mike. Tell me your thoughts on the first day. I mean, the first day was very exciting. There's always a couple of kinks when you get out there the first time, but the staff was amazing, worked very hard, and the athletes were very impressive. A rare of the gate, Scott Weech, I mean, just hammers up, breaks the American record. You know, that kind of set the stage for the rest of the night, and then closing with that Colorado pick. It was just almost an impossible event, but just to see the strain on the guys' faces and watch the crowds where to get behind them. I mean, it's really awesome to see the emotion that the competitors have when the crowd shares that emotion and they get involved in it too. I mean, that's really what it's all about. It seems to elevate the athlete too. Another psychological level to keep them in the event. Oh, absolutely. Some of these guys, you know, you take particularly somebody like Travis Ortonmire. I mean, they actually feed off the energy from the crowd. You know, Brad Duns, another one, he gets out there, the crowd gets excited to see him. You know, it's maybe not always the biggest strongness athlete, but the fans are really receptive to the people out there and the personalities. And I think it really makes it worth everybody's time and effort to put this kind of thing together, to entertain the folks and for those guys to have that moment in the spotlight. It really does seem to benefit everybody. Yeah, absolutely. So, Dia, not to keep you out of this, but today, today was kind of quick. We went through this real fast today and under four hours, I think, give me your impressions about the events today. Well, like my just to reiterate what Mike said, you know, we tried to move events this year. So, events that you've never saw in person a lot, or even indoors such as the cake over the bar. We're the first people to do it. I think you gotta start sending it a lot whole lot more. That was impressive for the crowd. Obviously, we want to go probably higher. Higher, higher the next time. The Colorado pick. That was again, a first move for us to do in a contest. So a lot of new events. The athletes love it, the crowd love it. Yeah, the push-pull medley. A lot of the athletes were like, well, I'm really looking forward to this. And when they finished it, they were like, what the hell just happened? You know who was weak on what event? You know who was strong, who was the day-boss and as a veteran, obviously in the sport. And it showed on the push-fillment. Yeah, absolutely. It was a terrific day. And then Travis and Dave Oslin, in the last event, the Atlas stones. Travis was in an early lead. He was in a lead of the fourth stone. Tell me what happened with five. Well, I think that maybe Travis might have sensed that he had a wrapped up, and he didn't push himself all that hard. But you can't take anything away from Dave Oslin. He's an amazing stone motor. At six foot 70s got those long arms. As Deon said, I mean, he is one of the veteran strongmen that's still on the circuit. You know, people don't think about it. Dave kind of went to World Strongest Man. You know, early on when the ifs to split happen. But this is a guy that's been hammering it out and growing year after year after year after year. He's amazing deadlift. You know, that kind of experience pays off. But there's Travis right behind him from an experienced standpoint. Both these guys around the world stage. And I would say that they really both deserve to be there. I mean, to me, it proves that they went up against the youngest in America, the best and brightest up in coming. I mean, look who finished in third and fourth the youngest guys. But those veteran movements, those tactics, making sure that everything is just perfect, making sure that you have extra attack. I mean, you watched at the end there, Vince Erbank ran out of attack. He's got the hide. He's got the strength. He's got the leverage to pick up the stones. But he made a rookie move. He made a rookie mistake. Those veteran guys really earned what they got this time. Absolutely outstanding performances by Michael Burke and Vince both. Deon, tell me when what is next for America strongmen, American strongmen, core president. Next for American strongmen, core president and six lead to have the Olympia strongman competition following that. There will be a world competition in China that the athletes will be going to. But not to take away from any any other international events that we haven't really mentioned. Next week, Travis and another athlete, myself will be getting on the plane going to Russia for USA versus Russia. The following week after that, America strongest man is on the road again with the American strongest woman as well as the 105 team championships against the Ukraine. So we'll begin another plane going to the Ukraine. So a lot of things in the store from the American strongmen. I'm reckon up the frequent fire miles. And not to mention two, seven American strongmen and core president athletes will be competing at the world strongmen competition in North Carolina. You know, whether they came through us to get there or not, all those guys all seven of them, Nick Best, Travis Sortmire, Derek Poundstone, Brian Shaw, now David Oslin, Michael Jenkins, and the seventh who am I missing. Oh, Bergman, Jason Bergman. Every single one of those guys was an amateur with North American strongman. Every single one of those guys earned their pro card and they're now competing at the top level and they deserve to be there. However, they got to World Strongman. They absolutely deserve it. But it really just proves once again that the NAS, ASC, the amateur to pro system, it's the best in the world. Bar 9. And I think that that is exemplified by Dave Oslin taking second place behind Travis. Travis already had his invite and now he's been invited. Whether he's an alternate or has a spot in the final group or world strongman, come up next month in North Carolina. No matter what, he's still inviting. Absolutely. And so terrific. Forms is by everything. From a production standpoint, I can tell you, Sally and I have had an absolutely fantastic time. The production value was amazing. And I can't think enough for having us here. And we will see you in six weeks at the Olympia. Appreciate your time. Until then, Brian Helderman with ARXMuscle.com.