This is Dave Palombo with RXMuscle.com. I'm here at the 2011 Mr. Olympia Contest. We are here after the finals where we had an incredible, incredible decision before we get to that. We have Lonnie Tipper from Iron Man Magazine and Chris the technician, Asito here to assess all the action here in Las Vegas, Nevada. Started out with a hookarachid dance in the hotel. We wound up with Phil Heath as the new 13th Mr. Olympia where you happy with that decision. It was a right decision and all three of us won't want Jay Colour and the predictions we did. In the predictions, yeah. And all three of us had Phil Heath ahead last night. Why did Phil Heath win this contest in your estimation? Well, he's just got beautiful shape. Jay came out last night and he just was not at his best to begin with and he's going to have to be at his best to be to kid like Phil Heath. I thought Colour definitely was better than I did. His color was way better than I. But he wouldn't have made a difference. And he had some good makeup on that arm that was all bruised up. You know, and I looked at the arm closer day, but it really to me wasn't that much of a negative when he hit that left by his a pig and still you could didn't affect the muscle, the shape of the muscle. Did you agree with that? That it didn't affect the shape of the muscle. Yeah, yeah. What about the arm? Did the arm detract from his physique? Of course it did. Of course it did. I mean, if I'm sure if you asked probably the most straightforward honest guy in body field and Jay, he would say of course it did. I mean, do you think that Jay actually thinks going into the pre-judging with an arm like that that it's not going to affect the way he either feels or how he's going to pose in a presented. So I mean, did it affect his, you know, the judges? I don't know, did it affect him? Yeah, I did. Did it affect the outcome? No, because if his arm was, you know, perfect, then I think the seal ends. No, he still wins. Yes, with the perfect arm, he still wins. I understand, I don't know what happened to his arm, but he obviously had some kind of a hematoma in there. He bruised it in some way. I heard they had called in Chad Nichols as the expert to try to help them with the bruising. I heard he had suggested they apply he to it, which obviously anyone who knows whenever you have a contusion or kind of hematoma, you want to apply ice to that to detract it. But I think Jay did the smart thing. He probably went out and got a very good makeup artist because they did cover it up. I didn't notice it as much. I noticed the lump, but I didn't see the discoloration. Yeah, you know, the night show, I don't know if I would use to it or the fact that it was covered. So we didn't notice it as much. You think color knew that he lost the show. He seemed almost very consulatory. He was kind of like being nurturing to fill. Do you think he had a time he kind of knew that he was not going to take home the title? Yes, I do. I really do. And I think you could tell in his speech that he, you know, like he said, he was telling Phil before they even announced the results. Congratulations on this victory. And I think he knew it was just pretty much an impossible task. Phil Heath was even better than he was last year. This was a very controversial decision in 2010. Now you come back in 2011. He's even a little better than he was last year. Jay wasn't quite as good as he was last year. Where else were they going to go? This Jay was higher after this or does he say, you know what? I screwed my bicep up. I'm going to come back and I'm going to try to regain the title. You know, he now we're talking Thursday night. He always talks about retirement. Come a limpia time because he's in such a long year. One difference I really noticed between those two guys is Phil seemed so energetic and refreshed. And Jay seemed tired last night. He just seemed drawn and tired. Head more energy tonight. But, you know, he's on the road almost every week all year. He's 38 years old now. You know, who am I to tell somebody wonder retire? But if it was, if he asked me, do you think I should? I'd probably say yes. I would agree, Lani. I would say that, you know, Jay is a great champion. But at this point, he probably can make more money not competing, not at the subject as body to the rigors of what he's doing. Jay is Jay getting all of his body's not responding or is he just not got the right formula to bring him to the point where we've seen him in 2009 when we saw him in 2001 when you helped him. What do you, what's your assessment? You have a better understanding of Jay called it than anyone. Well, I mean, the formula, if you, if you be backtracked, oh nine was great. Oh, ten was down and oh, you know, here we are 11 when talking about not as good as oh, ten not as good as oh nine. I don't know if it's age related and it's certainly not. I don't think anyone can doubt Jay's dedication and drive and you know, focus on what he wants to accomplish when he focuses on something. So maybe it's in the formula. You know, I don't know. You know, that's something that only he would know. But you know, if there's somebody who, I mean, we've said this before, if there's somebody who has the ability, the mental capacity to come back, I mean, a lot of people can't from even any type of loss, let alone, you know, losing something like this, it'd be Jay. You know Jay though, just hearing his speech that he gave, is that Jay saying I'll be back next year or is that Jay saying, you know, it's filled you're in the new man now. I'm moving on. Well, goes right back to the arm. I mean, you had he had. He had perfect excuse, right? Well, no, not excuse, but he's he's going to, you know, you, you, you, you have to wonder when he walks back stage thinking, okay, I'm second. I've been here before. Why am I second? What's going to factor in there is, you know, possibly, you know, the arm. What would have been if my arm was a lot of worry with the arm, which made him cause, you know, to hold a lot of water, it's called all levels go up or whatever. But, you know, another point is Lonnie saw him and other people saw him on our site, looking wild, ten days ago, wild, unbeatables far as I'm concerned. And what happened to you think? I don't know, maybe the arm injury was in that last ten day period, but Lonnie saw, I saw Lonnie a couple days ago, and Lonnie was speechless with the way he looked. And, you know, Chris, another thing when we talked about this last night at the Pre-Judging, take away 2009, there's always seems to something go wrong with Jay. In 2008, he had an infection. And to last year, he barely made it through the Pre-Judging, this year he had the injury. I think the biggest thing to think of it and going back to Chris's point, whether he retired or not, when he lost in 2008, he lost it to a 225 pound guy, it was 38 years old, Dexter Jackson. Tonight he loses to a 245 pound guy, three inches taller than Dexter Jackson, 31 years old. You know, that's a lot to come back and beat. I want to call Phil Heath rather than the gift of the prophecy, because you told me that when you were working with Jay back in 2003, he had seen Phil Heath backstage at a show he won, I guess Jay was guest-posed. Hey, is this, was that a prophecy was Jay seeing Phil backstage almost like what was to come before shadowing if you may? Well, I mean here, this is April 4th. It's funny that Phil mentions it. It's my brother's birthday. Jay calls me that day and said, there's a kid I saw this guy and the quote was, he reminds me of Kevin LeVron, he's going to be Mr Olympia period at the end of the sentence. Little did you know he would beat him for the Olympia? It's unbelievable. So let's talk about Kai Green. Third place here tonight, not the best Kai Green we've seen, but the guy has got enormous potential. In my mind, Kai Green lost the Olympia. I think Kai Green comes in the shape here. He's the new Mr Olympia. What do you say to that statement? So here's the thing, Dave, as I was talking about earlier in the Iron Man rap, does Phil Heath now went at five years in a row like every Mr Olympia does, like Mike Lacknuss is don't forget about Kai Green. And like Chris said last night, I said if he comes in 10 or 12 pounds lighter, Chris has come in 20 pounds lighter, let's see what he brings. When he brought that package to the Arnold Classic in 2009, that was freaky. You put that Kai Green on the stage versus this Phil Hill. Phil Heath, Phil Hill was great too. You remember him? Who in the, who got that? I got to go with Heath right now because he's Mr Olympia, but let me tell you, I have a lot of Ethan Kai Green. Was this Kai Green's show to lose? Yeah, it was. That's why when we had a fire side, Lonnie wasn't there. We had a fire side chat. It seemed like we were just dogging on this criticizing the hell out of Kai, but the point was, I think we were doing it is because everyone understands what he can achieve and we've seen it before. But we've seen, you know, last year of the year before the Vegas heat, we've talked about the humidity, you mentioned at the, you asked him about his weight and, you and I were concerned that it was so high and we knew that that was not a good weight. I think Kai was 10 pounds lighter from yesterday to today and he still needs to be 10 pounds lighter and I like 20. Yeah, that's your 20. Yeah, and so we, at that fire side chat, it sounded like we're dogging on him because the expectation other people have for him is what is just, you know, is unbelievable. And that's what he's capable of. So yes, was did he, you know, through it was his show to come in and decide where he was going to play. When I saw Kai eating for a full straight full hour through the whole press conference, I knew he was in trouble. Kai Green, I think there are phones where I said, Derek said they should start him for two days before the show because he'll probably look bad because I've never seen Kai be flat. Yeah, you know, he's, he was much tighter tonight and he was very impressive tonight and you could see that crazy thickness and he just, he's got to be frustrated because this is a show. You can see it in his face. He was frustrated. You know, the one thing that he definitely lacks at Phil Heath now has consistency. Right. Yeah. Yeah. It was great at the 2010 Arnold where he arguably could have won the Arnold over Kai Green. He was great at last year's Mr. Olympia. And he was... Exactly. Yeah. And he was great or at this year's Olympia. Kai Green's like the stock market. I don't think Kai Green is found the formula that works for him and when he does, I think that he will be very dangerous. I don't know, you know, if, if, whoever's helping him, who's ever been helping him is just feeding him too much, I think his food consumption needs to come down. There's no one bigger than him on stage. And I think that he's missing the boat, so to speak. Let's talk about a guy he helped for 28 days, Victor Martinez, who I thought was one of the most improved body bills of the Olympia. You know, arguably you could put a put a put a put a put a put a put a put a put a put a put a put a put a a little bit tighter and maybe Chris had a little more time with him. He might have been second place tonight. I don't think anybody would have, would have argued with that Victor Martinez was back. I want to congratulate Chris for the short time. He worked with him whatever, whatever he did 29 days. That's okay. It wasn't a long as time, but let me tell you, I'd give an up on Victor Martinez. Always thought he had a beautiful physique, but now I was in the stage, you know what show me, I'm tired of it, you're just not nailing it. He came back, there's a best we've seen since 2007. Now he's back in the mix too. We talk about Kai Green being a threat to fill Heath. I think Victor Martinez is now a threat to fill Heath. If you have 16 weeks with Victor Martinez, does Victor Martinez win the Olympic classic? Yes. I think so. You know what, you got to put it into context. Jay's not going to do it. Fill is not going to do it. Kai's the most dangerous in consistent bodybuilder and bodybuilding. So I think it comes down to the Kai versus Victor. That's really what it is. That crazy, unless psychotic Texan can decide to jump into it. It's a real matter of being a champion. It's on the next Olympia problem. He'll have to try to qualify before the Vahacer. He'll qualify. With the new rule, you have to win a pro show to qualify for the Olympia. It's going to make it a lot more difficult. Top three. And the Arnold. Just the Arnold and the Olympia. Right. And the Olympia. The branch is not competing till next year. So I think what Branch will do is he'll probably do that aeropic. He's in from Dallas, Europe. I've got a Dallas. Let's see, once we wait to see one of the week before. I don't know if it's that. And they'll, but probably see Branch Warren at that aeropop. Victor Martinez now, real curious about him. I'm real curious about Brandon Curry who I've really liked. The numbers of guy that didn't make the top 10 that I think's got a lot of potential is Sean Road. Yeah, obviously a future star. Let's go back to Victor Martinez. You said he was a little resistant to the water depletion with you on Friday. He listened to you on Saturday. Arguably he was very much better tonight. Does Victor have trust in you again to say, if you start cracking the whip on him, he'll listen. Well, I always like I tell Troy. I've trusted me, which means that I can't force anything on people. I trust my instincts and if somebody can trust me, that's fine. I think that's part of the formula going forward is part of working together is if he can go back to the old 304 where it's like, okay, this is the dick. You tell me what to do. I trust my instincts. And if I think if that, you know, formula pans out, I think he's capable of winning the Arnold. Let's talk about Dennis Wolff, who in my mind is Mr. Olympia from the front and the sides. He turns around. He shows vulnerability in the glute hamstring calf area. Is this the best that Wolf can expect fifth place here? Probably, like you say, you know, and certain poses he looks like Mr. Olympia. And then other poses, you say, hey, may squeak in the talk, 10. At the post down he was next to Kotler. He looked better than him from the front. He's big and wide. He's, if you want, and need somebody with a smaller waist, really wide. I don't know if you guys tell me, you guys competed, you guys were, you know, work with people. I haven't. I don't know. Can you fill in those weaknesses now after competing for 15 years? Anything can be fixed, I think. But you know, whether he's got the mindset or to do it isn't, you know, what is he willing to do what it takes to do it. Sometimes you have to go back to the drawing board and retake yourself how to lift. Some of these guys are so stubborn with what they do that they can't do that. Yeah, you know, I agree with that 100%. You know, when he came out in pre-judging, I was doing the play by play and I thought, well, Bictis in trouble for sure. I thought like Jason trouble and I figured, well, you know, maybe he just was really impressive when he first came out. So when you put him next to each other, people, you can see some things that need to be filled in. But I think they're like, you know, focus issues, training issues. Can he, can he, he's improving? He has improved. He's improved a lot. And throw him in the mix for the arm when he said it's the guy. He could be, he could be a winner. And put throw and Dennis Wolf and that, that trifecta. What's, let's maybe I said Victor Martinez in the comeback show of the year. But, you know, maybe Dexter Jackson might be because Dexter looked terrible. He'll like he's sweet that a few wins in the beginning of the year. He really came back and looked a lot better. But he's still really suffering from lack of size compared to some of these guys like, you know, Wolf and obviously color. And they just, he looks small next to these guys is Dexter back in the mix or is he going to still remain in that fourth and fifth-page slot? I think because of the lack of size, if these other guys are anywhere near in their top shape, you can't beat him. He's given away 30, 40 pounds. I don't know. He says he weighs 235. I don't think he probably weighs 220. But too much to give away. And he's going to be 42 years old in November. I don't think he's going to be getting any better, you know, physically. He, you know, conditioned wise. This is as good as he's been in a long way. Really when that mess is pro world championship at the end of the year, you think? Who's actually doing that? I think Tony Freeman's right-eels, you know, all the 40 you plus guys, Marcus Haley. I would say right now, the Dexter Jackson. He wins it. It's 100 grand. Dexter's looking to shop. The 100 grand in Miami. All right, this is the Lining team for addiction. It's always in the show. Tony Freeman will play, I heard best of Mayor Benoots in the show. Yeah, but similar Benoots. I went to high school with me. I loved the life in the 11th home. And unless it's a reunion pose now, you know, no offense. And you don't get mad at me. He's got a bad temper. You know, I love the guy. Tony Freeman finishes in seventh place. Chris and I said he's trying to glutes away from a top three finish. Yeah, well, they're judging him. I think on whether it's fair or not. And it's fine with me is that judging him on his weakest link, which is really the condition of the back, but also the glutes. And I think if you know, the strategy for him going forward in the show like this, big show with a lot of money on the line, contracts, whatever is bringing him in at all costs. Whatever your body weight has to fall to, just bring him in. And I think they will overreward him because they'll say, OK, wow, something different Tony pushing up right there. And he's got the shape, you know? I know he's upset, but he's on the cost, but hopefully he'll be back for the Arnold. He's another guy who could be in that mix for the one for the win. And when any show as far as I'm concerned, I like Chris said he's like this far away. The certain things that's such a beautiful shape. He's six foot two. He's wide. He's got a small waist. He's in good condition. And in some poses, he looked the best out there tonight. Yeah, the X factors always a title factor to me. Let's talk about the 202 Olympia or 202 showdown. If they like to call it here in Las Vegas, Kevin English repeats. You know, a lot of this, what a point out. After pre-judging, English was really very depleted because he had trouble making weight. And the way in this year was a day earlier. Okay, usually they have two days to fill up. Kevin only had one day. He was very light at 198. I know he said he did a colonic the day before. It sucked down. He might have depleted too many electrolytes. He looked like he was having trouble posing on stage at the pre-judging. He couldn't open his back up. He looked real out of it. He did come back better tonight, but he was winning by three points after pre-judging. Do you think that was a good decision? Not if I was voting and I picked Kevin English to win. So I'm actually going and saying my pit was probably wrong based on what I saw. I would have flexed Lewis winning the tonight. You know, could have gone either way. But after the judging, I would have flexed Lewis. Matter of fact, I did an in-depth interview with Mike Catt today. It was one of the judges. And he was saying, you know, who's that guy from England from the UK, the little blonde guy and I'll flexed Lewis? The judge's a me who knows name. That's a problem. Well, it's probably better. You know, he's a me who might be a problem right there, Chris. Did you think there was any way English had the lead after the pre-judging? No, I didn't have him winning any shots against Flex Lewis. Arguably tonight he was a lot better. He was radically better tonight, but I didn't have any, you know, I never, there was no poses against each other at night. This is a lovely me confused. Lottie, you seem to be up on everything. Why was there no two-out two comparisons tonight? Because I know 50% of the score is tonight yet. They don't judge the posing round. And all there was was a pose down. Did they forget to do the comparison round? I'll remember now. The two of you guys, I don't even think last year, the top six, even got to do their posing routine. So they've always been kind of like the stepchild. I think it's because we got to fit this in and we got to fit this in. Oh, they, they, they think, takes two minutes. But I think that's what they're thinking. Either that or they're just, you judge the night show though. I don't know. I think that that's a major mistake. And I think that's one thing that needs to be correct in the next year. You got to compare those guys. Who was your top three for the two-out two, Lottie? I had Flex Lewis first. Because I actually had Jose Reitman's, Ron, Jose Reitman's second and Kevin English third. After pre-judging, I had Jose Reitman first, Flex Lewis second, English third. After tonight, I really did like English the best on stage tonight. I do know if you have enough points to win it for himself. But obviously the judges had him winning after pre-judging. So that made it easy. I did like Lewis better than Reitman tonight. He has, you know, people have criticized me for saying it on the boards because I was such a big guy myself. Is Reitman too big? Is he bordering on possibly putting too much muscle on that frame? He almost, you know, well, first of all, I'm pre-judging. I had him, you know, I was leaning towards him and at the night show, I kind of switched with Flex and Jose second and Kevin, I, you know, second and third. But he looked surprisingly to me a little boxy in the pre-judging. And I've always been a super fan of his because I've always thought he had a, you know, really significant V-tapeer. He still has it. Not as good. It's not as good. He's just put on so much muscle that it, well, it's, it's still crazy and impressive. It doesn't help his balance and symmetry. You agree? Yeah, he's getting, and the worst thing it can happen to him is that we're going up to two, twelve now starting November. Yeah, it's the worst thing for Jose Reitman. Well, he, I thought the worst thing is, as long as he doesn't try to get up to two, twelve. Well, but I think, but their mindset, Dave, is I have to get up to two, twelve because everybody thinks they know how much, you know, if I come in at 200 pounds, even if he looks spectacular, this is what they're thinking. They're going to hold it against me. That's why everybody lies about their weight. You know who the two, twelve is going to benefit the most flex, Lewis, because flex, Lewis has a lot of room on that frame to add the muscle that he needs. And if he does, he could challenge English, I think. But then again, English is going to be able to come in that much better. Is Seth Farochi going to compete in the two, twelve? I don't know. What do you think? Would Farochi give these guys a run for their money? You know, Farochi, I mean, just do. We don't know, like we've said before, but we draw to Korea, you know, I do it all. But there's people, we don't really know their weights when they come down. Dexter Jackson is probably 220. So, I mean, they have to make two, twelve. I mean, seriously, and Troy Alves. Troy Alves should be able to, you know, maybe he can suck it down. Sean Roden, he needs to put size on. I think he should go up. But if he does the two, two, twelve, now he's got a choice. He doesn't have to put that much size on. He's going to, well, body bills want to get bigger, ultimately. I think the most overlooked guy in this Olympia was no dot Chris Cormere. I mean, Chris Cormere, let's get him over here. You're only 20 minutes late for the wrap up. Who was given? Yes, who? We had to club. We had to club. He already's going out. He said they have to party. No one was there. He came back. We're trying to roll one over there. Chris, talk to me about who you had winning the Olympia. Was this the right decision, Phil Heath? Oh, yeah, he was the right decision. It was the clear winner in the show. For me, it was sort of what I've envisioned even a couple years ago when I was making predictions that Phil should be beaten Jay. I just liked that type of style of physique and what it brings to him. It's come around in the center of yours. Yes, kind of he did the old coming in. No, the old small waist trick on Jay. No, the Jay did a great job. Had a great career and he has nothing to be ashamed of. Jay retired? Well, I mean, I was just like health reasons. Not a penalty to help you as things be walking around like that. Oh, really great Chris Quarmea retired. Or did he? Yeah, this is vague. You're on the, what about going to class? What about the two or two? Did you have Kevin English winning this or Flex Lewis? Well, I just liked, I just liked that Flex Lewis is brought a package that he's never had before that not too many two or two is had before. I mean, he had the cross-dracings on his glues, which was like it was like a reminisce of a, like a like a gritticus barrier from his day. He was totally just like rich. Well, the great Chris Quarmea agrees with all of us. So he's, you know, Kevin, the Kevin I thought he was like 70% coming up. Like he was like in between being like he was tonight as he could have been in the pre-jazin and I thought that homeboy kind of brought it. We're a bit more in that book. They're both neck and neck and I was then after night. You know, they were, you know, they started catching up at the end and it's not over till the end, but, you know, I thought that I thought that it could have been, could have swung the other way. Yeah, I had no problem with English winning tonight. I'm glad to fill Heath is now the 13th Mr. Olympia. One more, let's talk about the figure line because you and I were arguing back and forth. Nicole Wilkins regains the Miss Figure Olympia crown, beating the defending title, the title holder, Aaron Stern. Good decision. I think you asked me that on the radio show. You said make a prediction. I said it's too tough to call you said you have to make a decision. Pick one and I think I said Nicole Wilkins. Yeah, you did. You know, I thought that Aaron Stern was going to win tonight, not because I don't like Nicole Wilkins, but she was the reigning Miss Figure Olympia. You almost have to give the edge to the reigning champ. She was the best that I've seen. What do you think won it for? I just, you know, I just think she's got that wow factor. The pops out at you with the blonde hair, you know, and I think she wanted because she's on the current issue of Iron Man magazine. I heard she is. And that was the final deciding factor. I don't know. They're both great champions. I mean, Stern won it last year. Nicole won it the year before Nicole's the first athlete ever to win the Arnold and the Olympian the same year. That's one of those apples and orange. I didn't see the score. She had, I don't know how close it was after the pre judging, but I had no problem. I'm not so sure Aaron was better than she was last year. I think what happened was they really liked Nicole Wilkins in that figure Olympia stunt. She was off last year. They punished her. Aaron won. She got her game back on. She won the international and now she won the Olympia. She's again, Ms. Figure Olympia. So we have a lot of great champions here tonight. Nicole Wilkins, Ms. Figure Olympia, Phil Heath, the 13th Mr. Olympia. Kevin English three times two-o-two Olympia champ Chris, any final words? No, this is happy for Nicole. We got out thought she ran, kind of like ran in her physique. She just told you to try to prep for it. That's what I like to see how to athletes, male or female. I think she was like the pin of me on the sport should be for a figure. I don't have the great champ but she was a little bit less curbish and hervazied. A little bit too little. A little bit too little. I was a little bit afraid and I thought that kind of did her in with as far. She was just perfect presentation. Your score mirror has better insights into female figure, turn, turning and presentation and bikini presentation than the women do. I've never seen anything like it. Why do you want to explain to you why? You're not sure. You're not sure. I mean you spend enough time with him in the room and have him do turns and all. I had to eat. Yeah, yeah, he's right on the spot man. This is on this spot. Hell, posing. Where's the after party tonight Chris? I'm probably going to go to Oncourt and then into Drainys Drainys must spot. Drainys is like we're all the dead and zombie. The vampire is going to head out with after after in the hotel room and then we're going to have the pool party next day. So I got my next 48 hours. I'm about closing the car and I'm ready for it. You're up to the next 48 hours. I'm ready. Yeah, I'm on it. Yeah, so we went out with after the USA. Who? Me and I haven't been the same since. Yeah, we went out. Chris, can you imagine if they wouldn't saw you with the feeling I'm taking a lot of people out? Are they ever to keep up with you? Yeah, he left out. He was on the room soon. He got in there. He would like, man, this is crazy, man. You're the real deal. He is the real. Now was somebody on his arm. He didn't even have to. I'm not a vampire. I'm a lot of pantheon here in Las Vegas. Devada outside of the Orleans Arena. I'm Dave Palumba with Lonnie Taper from Ryan Man Magazine. Chris the real deal of Kormir and Chris the technician of Cito are axmusl.com.