Brian Hilderbrand with ourXMuscle.com. We're here in Hot Springs, Arkansas. The 2011 America Strongest Man. I'm here with the Great Travis Orton. Brian, I'm Travis, you're already qualified for World Strongest Man. That's correct. Yes. And what brings you here today then? I just want to retain my title. I won here last year and I'm going to take it back again this year. That's pretty sound reasonable. I understand that. You look healthy. It looks like you put some weight on since I saw you at the Arnold. Yeah. I had a known list that finally shook earlier this year. I took about two and a half months off. It actually kicked my butt. I got down about 251 pounds and now I'm 295. I was competing last year. Yeah. No. It's a bit of an ego boost to have somebody else notice you that you put some weight on as a guy in this field. So Travis, you look terrific. I'm looking forward to tonight. Good luck to you. And thanks for your time. Brian Hilderbrand with ourXMuscle.com. I'm here with the much esteemed Brian Brace. Well, the co-incre of the RX Power on ourXMuscle.com. Brian, first congratulations on your new edition of the family. Thank you. That's going to be my excuse when I get last. That's my excuse why I'm doing bad. So I don't even want to keep it going. And keeping it going way too soon. Yeah, not too bad. But we have nights where it's every three hours. And even if I'm not feeding a my get up, you know. And then we have nights where he'll sleep six hours. So it's a hidden miss. So you're wife's not too upset with you that you're sleeping through the night. I'm sure she's not. No, no, I get up. I feed actually I take the feeding it like 3 a.m. Because she has to get up at 5 where I don't get up till 8. So, you know, it's not too bad. I can fall right back. Sleep. So about today's competition. This is your second show. Second one. Third. Third. Third pro show. Yes, yeah. First time doing this show. No, no, this this show last year was my first show and did horrible. Got a second to last in front of a guy who was injured. So it wasn't one of very good showing, but then I kind of redeem myself when we went to the America Strongest Man in Vegas. And against virtually the same competition got six place. So it's just a bad showing. I'm hoping to improve that this year. Absolutely. It's understandable. But it's a pretty interesting field this year to minus the big names that have already qualified for World Strongest Man who are going to be in Poland. Mike Jenkins, Brian Shaw, Jason Bergman, Nick Bass Travis is here, of course. So it's going to be a really great show. Good luck to you tonight. And hopefully we're going to see a few times for interviews after you have already met. Hopefully I do pretty good. Then you want to interview me because I did well. And not just because I, you know, go with our acts. Because we worked together. Brian Hilderman with our acts muscle.com. Brian Hilderman with our acts muscle.com 2011 American Strongest Man in Hot Springs, Arkansas. I'm here with a big Dave Oslin. Dave, you know, you're just coming back in and in and you've done a couple of two-note events. Is that correct? Yeah, I did just a local show in Rochester, Minnesota at the M.A. June. And then we can after that drill up time to hear you. Did another one. So this will be my first big one back. I'm kind of a test to see how you're physically. Yeah, I mean, you know, I've done a lot of this stuff in training with training and competing are two different things. So, you know, I've see how I hold up in this one and hopefully have a good result. Now, when was your last appearance of World's Tournament's been? I was there in 2010 in South Africa. So you'll be able to hopefully you win this. You qualify for 2011 and in North Carolina. Yeah, I'd like to go back to for 2011. I mean, the big picture though I really want to be in shape for next year's for the 2012. So, obviously any time you can go there as a bonus. So that's what I'm working for this year too. Yeah, the exposure is terrific for not only for you as an athlete, but within your community, I can imagine as well. Yeah, that's good. I mean, that's kind of the big one that everyone sees on TV. So, you know, people can't know you because of it. Right. Good. All right. Well, Dave, hopefully we'll see in the winter circle a few times for interviews later today at tomorrow. And the till then is Brian Hill, the brand with the original.com. Here in Hot Springs, Arkansas, 2011 American Strongest Man. I'm here with returning competitors Scott Weeach Scott. You didn't do this competition last year. Two years ago, you were here. How'd you fare then? I did okay. I qualified for the Olympia that year. I'm going to do as I want to. This year I'm coming back. A little bigger stage. I got some really good competitors. Hopefully fair a lot better this year. Yeah, we had interviewed several of them today. Everybody looks terrific. Travis is put some weight on since the Arnoldy looks terrific. Dave, look at the show. And I think it's going to be really good competition. A lot of good athletes here this weekend. Again, considering a missing people like Brian Sean, Mike Jenkins and some of the guys have already qualified. Going into this, what is your favorite event between the eight events that we're doing over the weekend? What do you like to do? I think overhead, I wish we could do eight pressing events, but they just wouldn't have it. So I think the axle will be a really good event for me to start off with. I got to start really strong there. I'll at least the top view. The push pull medalist should be really good. Three pressing events there. Go with stones. Mainly the pressing events that are going to be key for me to do really good on to get the points and those events. Nice. We're looking forward to hopefully seeing winter circle a few times. I get some interviews. I saw you in Orlando at the Europa and the APF. Yeah, the Rally APF. And it had a terrific week. So I expect nothing less this weekend. So good luck to you. And hopefully we'll see in the next few hours in the winter circle. Cool. Alright. Hill to Brand with rxmuscle.com. Here in Hot Springs, Arkansas, the 2011 American Strongest Man. I'm here with the ASEs News Pro, Mike Burke. Mike, you took third of the Arnold Amateurs last year. The first overall is an American. Third overall out of 50 sum up competitors internationally. It was a huge showing for a lot of people. It was a huge showing for a lot of people to be an ASE pro. And qualified to come and compete here this weekend. Tell me what specifically looking forward to event-wise here. I don't know. I expect to do pretty good in the who's felt in the Cag's. The axle, I've got a pretty decent axle. So I'm hoping it gets me up there in the points and then just trying maintain and the other stuff. You know, not have a horrible showing. I'm like first showing out though. So, you know. This is a great show. Lots of great history with American strength athletes with pound stone and Fort Miron and Sean and all the other guys that have come through here and done well. I moved on to international competition. So I think this is a great platform for you. Good luck to you. Hopefully we're seeing the winter circle for a few more interviews later tonight and tomorrow. Alright. Thank you. Mike, thank you very much. Brian Helderman with rxmuscle.com.