We're going to be back. Brian Hilderbrand with our XMuscle.com here. Quick wrap up video of tonight's events for events Mike and Scott Weech right out of the whole sets of record. I know on the second attempt he breaks the American record, Derek Poundstone, former record of 414 pounds, the 423 pound axle cleaning press was absolutely amazing. He was a little hampt after that. He's jumping up and down like a schoolboy. I think he had way more in the tank too. I think he probably could have gone higher, but you know, second attempt he doesn't have to take a third, saves himself a little strategy there. He won his pro card back in 2009. So he's got a couple of years on. He's kind of a veteran now sort of getting to figure out how things work. And the second attempt, the yolk and the Harley drag pull, Travis steps up and had some quick feet and looks really good. All those medley type events are absolutely awesome for Travis. I mean he's so long and lean, but he's in the best shape of his life coming in. Like 295 pounds are so hard. He's doing Nathan Payton's diet, Nathan Payton of RX muscle. He's been working with him for a number of years, kind of lost a lot of weight there for a while, but now he's kind of solidifying it and bringing it back. Travis looks absolutely amazing, but he absolutely blasted that. And that was a very heavy sled pole. And on these slick surfaces too, kind of hard to get a footing, but definitely a thousand pounds sled there. Yeah. Absolutely. They had great feet, which is a key to that event. It's keeping the feet and keeping the momentum. Now the third event, newcomer, first pro show, Michael Burke, steps up, had a little bit unorthodox grip and nailed it. Yeah, his grip was definitely different from everybody. Michael Burke remember though, he's from Colorado, training in that high altitude. You know, air is not so much of a factor for him, but absolutely he comes in third at the amateur world championship at the Arnold. You know, on the big stage for the first time, his first pro show, America Strongest Man, it doesn't look even look like it faced him. It's like he was walking through the park out there. Absolutely. Great feet. Just kept going and going. Remember, our fourth event, the wheelbarrow with that Chevy truck tonight, the winch or the hitch of the back looks like a ticket of beating. Oh, yeah, the piece of equipment that Big Dog Strong made, that was holding up, but the actual physical, you know, the receiving hitch, it just, I don't think it was up to the task, but I'll tell you what, Alan Tilary, they did a really big favor for us. They put that on a brand new truck, they put that hitch on for us so we could get that event done. But you know, that, that Colorado, we even had the hold up the suspension because some of these guys that was just those tires were hanging down, but absolutely amazing. That was probably, I don't know, 800 pounds, 750 in hand. And at the last minute, we made a last minute decision to allow the guys to use straps and still it was testing their grip. Those handles were coming right out of their hands. Yeah, the lots of wraps, lots of straps popping off for sure. A little bit of a scary moment when Dave Oslo took a tumble and we heard a well, allowed the truck thought he took his head into the tailgate. Yeah, he's a veteran, you know, no side of recovery for something like that. But yeah, it's always scary when somebody goes down or gets injured or something you never want to see it to shows. And you try to do some events or a little bit on Orthodox. I mean, it is odd lifting and strong man. It's not supposed to be in the box. It's always supposed to be out of the box. So it's the risk you take, you know, a couple little mishaps on this event, but all in all, really a crowd favorite, I think. And again, the veteran Travis Ormire, he puts it together. 29 seconds, absolutely a mate. Yeah, he was seven or eight seconds ahead of second place. Ryan Bracewell having a great night tonight from our ex-Muscle. He was a little skeptical. He took essentially last last year. And he was really looking forward to this. He's strong and he's looked terrific so far. Oh, absolutely. And he's celebrating. He loves the crowd. He loves the attention. I mean, he's at the biggest moment of his life already this year with the birth of his kid and everything. You know, so this is just gravy for him. And one of heck of a performance. He's a first guy to finish that incredible wheelbarrow. So I mean, just a great accolades to him. And so Travis is our leader going after four events going into tomorrow. We'll be back here at 12 starting at 1 o'clock. And we've got four more events tomorrow. We've got the cake toss for height. We have the Atlas stones. What else do we have? Tomorrow we have the, actually it's a cake toss, medley. 16 feet, they'll throw over eight cakes, a cocoa beverage, cake toss. And following that, we have the push pull medley. That's a new one that we're adding this year. One of our state chairman Ashley worked from Texas, kind of developed that. And that's a combination of events where the guys will actually be pressing overhead and deadlifting. So they'll go five implements. They'll have to press a 200 pound dumbbell. And then they'll move to a 675 pound axle deadlift. Then they'll move on to a 330 pound axle clean and press. And then to a 715 pound deadlift. And finally a 340 pound log clean and press. And then we'll move right into the Alan Tillery Chevy Cruz car picking hold. That's a favorite. They really just test all of your body, your grip strength and just your will and determination. We'll have two cars and sort of have the guys facing each other. So that should be a really a crowd favorite too. And then finally of course the American Strongman Atlas stones. The quintessential event for every strong man show and the around the world. Really looking forward to bringing this back to you tomorrow. Mike thinks for your time and just an absolutely amazing day. We got an American record, a ton of PRs and really no problems or issues at all today. No real injuries. Everybody's going home safe. We think the fans enjoyed it. And I mean really just these guys get out here. See all the little kids running up to the gate. Just an amazing, amazing day. And thank you guys for being out here covering. I appreciate your time. No absolutely thanks for having us. And again, here with Mike Johnston of the American Strongman Corporation who put on American Strongman's tonight, there's 2,011. Until tomorrow, Brian Hilderbrand with ourXMuscle.com.