This is Dave Palombo with RXMuscle.com. I'm here at the 2011 IFBB Olympia weekend. I am here with Ruth Silverman from Iron Man magazine and Chris the Technician Ascito. We are going to do the Women's Rap Up here specifically Women Body Building Fitness and Bikini Ruth let's start right off. Iris Kyle seven time misalimpio what she deserved tonight. I think in the end she knocked him off. Yeah. You want an ally? I want an ally. Because the morning she was not quite as crisp we were all sitting there in the press pit remarking on it and I think that tonight she brought a little sharper but also Yaksanne leaned out so much which was a big wild factor for the judges but when they stood there and they did that little lats spread you know Iris just overpowered her and I think in a lot of times Iris beat her in the back poses too. Was this the most vulnerable Iris Kyle's been in recent memory too? Oh yeah I think it was she was very vulnerable. I don't think she dominated the show by any means. I agree with Ruth that Yaksanne she leaned down. It's almost like she went a little bit too far. I think it she just stopped you know she was a little on the flat side and it had she had a little bit more fullness than I think you know could have been tables could have been turned. Iris Kyle was a six time misalimpio going to his dad had a count for something it had to give her a little edge. I believe that she wasn't the misalimpio and Yaksanne had been misalimpio. I think that Yaksanne would have walked away with this with title tonight. I think the answer to that is look at their ways. Iris has just got a smaller way to Yaksanne. She does. Yeah she does. I think that Yaksanne even though she's large and she's majestic doesn't that nip in little waste. Iris is is and I think that counted shape counts. I think the Yaksanne orquins I guess the thing that hurt her was that her legs are very straight up and now Chris she doesn't have that sweep that Iris has when she puts her leg out to the side. You just see crazy crazy detail that you don't necessarily see from Yaksanne because she's got a little bit of straightness to that quad. Yeah you know at the end of the day from the front there's some parts of the pre-dech and during the front where Iris puts it away. It's her structure which is a little you know which is unique. She's got the sweep to the thigh which kind leaves the other girls a little vulnerable. And she's still got the cap delts with the small waist so even though she's not at a best and she was very vulnerable here I thought and and from behind I didn't think she was hard from behind really. I thought her glutes I've seen her glutes so used to seeing this that honeycomb and ask looking for a seat up here and she didn't have that and I think maybe that's why we're being a little bit more discerning about her but I guess you have to say when all said and then she's still the best body of the other stage. I think that's how the judges are and that's how you know pretty much the you know experts like Ruth's are. What is Yaksanne do now I mean I mean she feels like obviously she should have beat her last year she thinks she should have beat her this year people are telling her that does Yaksanne come in a little bigger maybe. Can you lock Sanne come in a little fuller and still be hard that's all that's her dilemma right. I don't know the answer to that Yaksanne did win at the Arnold Cup of years ago when ours faltered. I mean clearly she's number two she's this her 13th Miss Olympia I saw her in the first one in Prague in 1998 I mean she's a great body builder I don't have an answer to that. Brigitte Brezhervic come is in third place here tonight I thought it was a very good decision. She arguably has the best image she on stage not the biggest body builder but very pretty shape especially from behind the glute hamstring lower back insertions yeah that's what kept her right I mean from the get go I think you know had I been judging the show I'd have her third because of her condition her natural shape she has great presentation and and she was she was hard so you know if you want to know how like you know to critique let's say Iris if Iris had that hardness from behind then this would be you know a done deal like piece of cake with that Iris you're expanding maybe without Iris here Brigitte could be mislipi for how many you know tens of years maybe ten years you know because she's got the beautiful structure we I would say that's correct but what about Elena Popa also with the structure I wanted to bring up a let's bring up a Elena Popa we skipping over double chef's who took forth but but but Elena Popa has an interesting dilemma she was third at the Arnold I actually thought that she could have been as high a second here tonight and I don't think anyone would have complained that's why I was sort of surprised that Brigitte slipped into that third spot and you're saying you expected it all day so you know different folks looking at the bodies if you're not going to go with Elena Popa as as second or third then obviously this something they didn't like about a maybe too blocky maybe maybe so they're going for shape so then I'm thinking okay Brigitte slips in there obviously that shape on stage what is devilishewski fit into the mix here because she's arguably the hardest girl in the class and and per height maybe packs the most muscle she absolutely out muscle Iris she definitely was harder than Myers I don't think I think Debbie is fighting her structure I don't think there's anything she can do I know I think she thinks she can keep putting on size and be direct but it hasn't happened yet you think it's gonna is it a mistake for her to put anymore muscle on I think it probably is I think so but the more I listen to Ruth she's the female tape female technician I agree exactly that was a perfect assessment from from from Yaksan being long and majestic too