Brian Helderman with RXMussel.com. Here in Hot Springs, Arkansas at the 2011 American Strongest Man. I'm here with Mike Johnston, Dion Wessels, the the impetus behind American Strongman Corporation who's presenting today's event. Mike, I know this is the second year in Hot Springs, correct? Oh, that's correct. It's not the second time we had America Strongest Man, but it is our second year here. The crowd was absolutely fabulous last year. The facility is great. The venue is great. The staff has been amazing. You know, so coming back here and bringing our biggest show, the biggest show in America back, you know, just something we had to do. Absolutely. I talked to some locals earlier today and last night at dinner and they said, oh, they had a great time last year. So the folks here in Hot Springs should be packing the stands and making this a fun event. Dianne, I know you've had your work cut out for you. You guys have some really good news this year with the world strongest man, which tells about that. Yes, the winner of this show this year for America Strongest Man will go directly to the world strongest man. Terrific. So these guys actually have an opportunity to progress into that next phase where that relationship has an existed before. So it's really good to see that these guys have an opportunity to make it to the international stage. Now speaking international, there's another show coming up in China. Is that correct? Oh, that's right. It's going to be a team show. So the top three or four guys from this competition were not sure exactly on the logistics yet, but it'll be three or four the top three or four athletes will get an opportunity to compete in China. And so tonight we've got four events. Tell us about the events. First event you're going to see is the max axle press. And that's an iron mine. Excellent. We're set hopefully going to break the record. Currently Derek Pounds down close. That record at four 14 and a half. So hopefully we'll see that record go down tonight. And now that's what the guys are warming up backstage now with the act with the axle. What do we have after the axle Mike? After the axle tonight, we're going to have the what is next is the Yoke. Oh, the Yoke and Harley drag. So it's a lander's Harley Davidson. So they'll have a 950 pound Yoke for 60 feet and then they'll drag a fat boy motorcycle sitting up on a 425 pound sled. So you're maybe looking at a 700 pound drag. They'll drag that back 60 feet. And that'll be followed up by the Hussa felt stone. Big dog strong, Hussa felt stone. 400 pound Hussa felt stone carried as far as you can. And then finally an event that we're really excited about. Alan Tillery Chevrolet, the Chevy Colorado wheelbarrow. That's going to be interesting. They're going to pick up the back end of a Colorado pickup truck and walk it 60 feet. So that'll be a fun one. I assume that's fast as time when that event. Fast as time correct on that. Another some there's some returning names here. Travis are winter last year. Returning again spoke with him earlier. He looks fantastic. He certainly looks healthier than he did earlier this year. He had an issue that he's overcome. So and he had a chance to meet with a number of the guys. You can see those preview videos on our X muscle.com. The muscle central. I want to thank both of you for having us here this weekend. Looking forward to a great weekend. We got four events left tomorrow after this. And we're going to put all this together and hopefully put a good presentation together for you guys at home. This is Brian Heldobrand with ourXmuscle.com.