So that comes from Spain from Madrid, we are at the Arnold Classic Europe and behind us the exhibitors for tomorrow's expo are working very busy at the boots and for my good I'm have some some part for the strongest man from Germany, Patrick O'Wing and say a lot to all users. Looking for the top three positions for this contest I guess we got one major favorite for this contest and that's its victim Martinez. The victors are already qualified for the limpio so I'm not sure if all the other guys are very happy about this experience here in this show. What you say that some other guys from Ronnie Rockford, extra Jackson are able to beat him tomorrow. I guess Victor will come and shape then there's no one who could beat him so it depends on the shape, the victors in and if he's in shape no one will beat him. The Spanish country is a very good place for Ronnie Rockford because he won two times here and the last time it was in the spring season so maybe he got some some luck here in the show and can be some kind of dangerous for Victor let's hope so but I think it's very very hard to get the two left tickets for the Olympian in this show so let's went through the competitors who are able to hit the finals tomorrow. I guess Ronnie Rockford is someone who's for sure in the finals. Yeah he's in I guess there's a couple of five guys that are maybe a little bit class for their own so it's Victor it's Texas Jackson of course Rocky maybe Ronnie Rocky yeah we call him Rocky and of course he did it harder and I guess Flex Lewis too. Flex has a very good placing in this spring season this year he placed shirt at the Mr. Europe in the open class if someone from the beer guys have some some some flaws or didn't do his homework tomorrow I guess he's in the spot to catch this place. But I forgot one I forgot Tony Freeman the X-Men of course the X-Men is one of the dangerous guys. You know of course it's one here in the lineup. Yeah he will surely be a eye catcher because most of the guys are quite short so he will be a little bit separated just just because of his height. I guess Flex Lewis will be dangerous if some of the veterans will open the door by being not in shape then Flex can be dangerous for all of them. At the Sheryl Classic in Union we saw quite equal results that we have at the Olympia so we got the Olympia play things and compared in here to the Arnold Classic Europe it might be that way that Victor Martinez is placing prior to Dexter Jackson who placed six to the Olympia who places prior to Tony Freeman who were seven to the Olympia then Ronnie Rocker and then he did that. What means that Ronnie Rocker has a very hard work to do tomorrow to even catch the Olympia qualification. Exactly and there's another point that we have to think about because we're got mainly European judges in this show like we didn't have at the Olympia so the European judges are judging in a whole different way like the rest judges do because the US judges are searching for something special while the European judges are searching for which with us and false in this the main thing where one Rocker is placing high in the Europe and placing low on the US. Yeah exactly I guess the US style of judging seems to be more like looking for eye catchers and here in Europe they are looking just for harmony and symmetry and so on so that's a little bit bit of a different culture of judging. So it's maybe the main reason why Robock felt your COVID from Poland placed first at the Mr. Reo in the spring season and I think he didn't placed any place at the Olympia. So we're looking forward to a very exciting show for tomorrow for the very first Anos Classic Europe show here in Madrid and stay tuned on our ourrschema.com with Patrick and me.