10 and 9 You must and I will repeat There may for two guys who can handle the truth The truth you can't handle the true but we can be Lomble Chris Asito Orangemuscle dot com presents Every muscle Leave your watch out Welcome to another episode of heavy muscle radio on the Day of Palombo and I'm joined as always by the technician Chris Asito On this July 30th, 2018 evening and Chris Big weekend and body building at least amateur body building The USA championships one of the best shows In the world I should say for amateur talent It didn't disappoint We weren't there you and I this might have been the first day The both of you and I weren't there but Family calls and crazy stuff going on and I was talking about that a little bit and But the show went on as it always does over a thousand competitors and We have a new overall champion in Shane Stewart now Shane Stewart was a light heavyweight And for those of you want to little wrap up actually did a wrap up on our site with some pictures Something that but I wanted to just talk about the Shane Stewart as the overall trip light heavyweight You know another light head I do me a light heavyweight last year wasn't lunch for the light weight Yeah, but Shane Stewart is Reminds me of a young branch warrant Did you see pictures of him? Yeah, I think he's very good. Yeah, he's good, but he's got that like you know he doesn't have it You could tell when he first started probably people told me and that could be that could have a body But and they put he's got like that grainy nasty norley muscle He's got a lot of muscle on his body any any I pick he's whatever he's done with his physique it flows real well He's got a big back he's got big legs And he's a he's one of these guys that will be to a lot of guys in the pros and no one will ever never believe it people Like there's no way this guy's gonna do well. No one will ever put him in like there. Well, they're gonna they're gonna look I'll tell you what have the people gonna do is Signal look at pictures and they're gonna not know that he's actually better than he is because the lighting at the show is His bright it's intense. You get a very bright background You get a very confusing background and that it's not just plain black or even plain white Yeah, we like what they did at the night with they did used to do it other shows a lot of the pros shows They did they think they're a pro used to do as to is they would do pre judging and black and then it then they would bring up the set for the night show And you'd have like your your normal. You know your fancy little USA background because you're right. It is a little distracting when you have like you know words and stuff like that in the back of the back drop But it looks great. I don't know if he's old the young or I don't know you can't tell what the guys anymore. Yeah I'll get him on the show. But he'll find out everything. We've got some maturity wise. He looks old. You know what I mean? Meaning he's density of the muscle and the quality of the muscle is it looks like he's not a spring chicken. Meaning looks like he's been training a long period of time I've had he hasn't been but I'm just telling you this guy has got branch horn written all over it. I'm telling you These this reminds me. I just the best thing I remember when branch turn pro at that 2002 NPC Nationals And He just was Shredded you know I think that and I said to myself wow, this guy's pretty freaking impressive. You know and I didn't I didn't really know who I knew branch horn They might have known his the extent of how long he had been competing for but He probably had been competing ten years before that and I'm from teenagers and everything and look at Brand and I don't think anyone would have said branch horn was going to you know with normal twice and it was going to be a second If you want to be a Some people know pun intended some people who are there twice but I'm not saying he wanted much But no, I know you mean meaning Six most muscular words Yeah, you know it's so funny Well, I won't even say a good judge when he was somewhat some people did you know Some people thought he was going to go all the way I don't want to call them all in the power or somebody I mean it was in a complementary way Some people did they were like behind him and said you know this guy he's even when he wasn't doing Super well as first you know year and a half two years as a pro He pushed Jay that one year you know when he came in second with the Olympia I mean that was I don't I think people always say when the Arnold twice I think the highlight really of his career was placing second with the Olympia That was the first one because he beat he beat the extra he beat the extra that year was raining Mr Olympia Yep So Anyway, this is not branched for him but this guy is a very very very good. He's very good. It's a good line That mean light heavy was without a shadow of a doubt the deepest I'll bet you he does the Tampa Pro next week this coming week I should say As a two as a one It's got to be crazy not I heard the heavyweight kid Lucas Carroll is doing that So I know what is the heavyweight cut off 225 but you know he's he'll suck down through 222 he probably wasn't a full 225 anyway this guy Yeah, he's he's very good. He's got tremendous vacuum hose right? Yeah, probably Fundumbles off the hook Yeah, I thought his glutes could have been a little a little harder. Maybe they're just a little flat But because they are pretty he's pretty ripped everywhere this guy Like I said a friend of mine There's personal friends with him And he he sent me pictures before the show and I said that and if he wins I said I'll interview him So he won I'm going to be a very good good good back double good front double Now it's interesting because this guy is going to drop down from heavy to to 12 And the and Shane is going to obviously just go into 12 or probably You know hopefully he won't come and you know he won't say I can gain weight now and I'll get him comes in smoother But eventually they both do tap it you know and I mean to see who wins it on the pro stage you know Yeah, because obviously Shane won you know the overall here but coming into the 2012 he's still the Carol if they both compete I think there is zero reason for either of these guys to like well I'm going to wait a year And I mean it's not the open they do and they're doing the 2012 you know So no Still demon process you know you talk guys you know I mean you're People were online saying bashing the how the week the show as I don't think the show is weak at all I'm looking at this sixty people and some of these classes you know some of the classes like light weights only any guys and Banems had 10 guys all right, but that's that's always stand well look this two class wonders I both think I've kind of been around the block. I think they look really really impressive. Yeah, and I'll tell you why I don't I don't get those four guys in the class. Those two winners right there are really good I'll tell you what the super heavies weren't too bad either. They were really good. I mean Henry Jackson the third is a guy I interviewed Two years ago. I think it was he won Junior USA and I was impressed with him that he was I mean the only big I think was his second show or something like that I said this guy's this guy's gonna be real dangerous in the future and I hadn't seen him since then He kind of waited kind of you know taking his time to put some sighs on and you know he's a pro now now I thought the top two Henry Jackson and Ron Gordon Once again, if you want to see pictures NPC there's online has the pictures I thought there was it was a very tight battle And that effect I thought the second place guy from the pictures now. I wasn't there of course. I need to wear you. I thought he was I think he looks like a young Ronnie Coleman this guy Ron Gordon I think he looks let's see does he look like a Coleman Look at the front last word You know I mean he's he's phenomenal he's good he's got the cold he's phenomenal because I'm gonna put in context He's probably even training right he's well he's find up in training a long period of time That's my guess look at his arms that is not it if that's not a Coleman. I'll look the side The great is pex of full hamstrings of great from the side he's in very very good condition He's in better condition than anyone in the class. I think right. Yeah, I think he's better than the winner Henry Jackson I think he needs to fill out his frame a little bit more, but maybe you know, but I mean that front doubles pretty deadly right It looks like a young Ronnie Coleman. I'm telling you I I remember the young Ronnie Coleman to you did it Dave. Yeah, you know at the back does right the glutes and ham It's like when you haven't had the before Coleman got big not facially he doesn't look great Ronnie I'm talking to physiquized like Ronnie He probably has a better waistline because he got a long torso too Ronnie never had a running head or short torso He's probably from Texas too I've changed the metro flight right home He's in terrible we don't know anything about this. I'll get I'm gonna get all these guys on the show These this isn't gonna crop so I'm gonna get him on the show because I'm gonna get no like no no no no You know no variety go tight and interview with you unfortunately Well, you know, it's a quiet show. You can say that right I like the one that we see new town like this Don't how often do we get like a crop of new guys that really we haven't really you know heard any buzz about you know That's exciting especially in the opening Like yeah, I went to heavy season then they've to the fifth time Yeah, I mean usually it's a guy who's like 35 eight years old and interviewing because he's about 20 years to get the pro card You know it's funny. I think when does the hand sharp turn pro he can tell you I think it was his because he'd done a lot of shows It was like his third year What the North America so people like oh, it's just like your tenth time here. It's like time What are you talking about it? It's my third time. Yeah, it's just that I've done multiple shows You know so people know the face sure Where's you know, I don't know the face of these guys any of these guys The top five at the here in the super is a good. I mean obviously Matt Perzacot I you know if I would as a betting man if I was going to if you were not going to handicap the show before the show took place Yeah, I would say Matt why don't you know because he's next in line and that tells you how good Ryan Gordon and and rejects it on Yeah, I'm just lining up Oh, that has to go to settle the third Good you Yeah I like Daniel no C. Although Oh no C. Oh he He was good too big big front last bread You know conditioning could have been a little better I think the biggest disappointment well and Brett Swanson who's really good. That's uh, Autumn Swanson's husband Yeah, he's got a good experience He's got an inch he's got a great quad. It's good legs, you know He doesn't have the smallest waist but he has he's got super great conditioning You know this guy who was six is the Jose helps he looks like a road-nish type Federico Gordy Yeah I think there's a lot of you know future talent in this lineup that we see Think about how good the lineup was like Vincienzon, Massoni who we were you know, Vinnie, Massoni who we were really high on at the nationals I thought he was going to come into the show and win you know, obviously way too smooth here But he's one of these like future talents you know Jerry trains with Jerry's policing in the gym Old school you know type of physique he's probably one of the most popular guys in social media And that you know you do follow your begins to grab guy Well, I don't follow anyone but I'm just post You know all the Instagram gossip though All but I thought that he was going to come in here and really do some damage But he yeah, if you look at the pictures he just wasn't in good shape No, he was a good place he can he can suck it down to the North American yeah nice spirit very good and something so good Yeah, no, I'm telling you why I think that's really good. That's a reflection of the depth. Yeah I think I think what people got all I'm tired about was the fact that was only 10 heavy weights which You know usually the heavyweight classes stack you know there was there was 16 super which is which is good for super heavy weights usually I still don't see why more people do national's the end of the year than than you know Yeah, there's two programs per class but they give me at least you I say is every class gets approved I have you myself don't 42 heavy with the national's you watch people like if I dumb that you are saying I would have been top three Yeah, I don't know I don't think anyone was beating this look as Carol guys so Pretty big and I just said top three yeah, but you got to be you have to be first to really win You know it is nowadays no one wants to go to a show to place they all want to go to win I could guys I know guys that did one show they're like I'm going to I'm going to USA and one national's next year or this year I'm like what are you guys not are you nuts? I knew nuts you just wanted like the you know the local you know state show you go to nationals you're competing one year Yeah, and they go in not just to say hey I want to place they go because they I got to get my pro cards Because you know what you can do that in men's physique you can do that in bikini in figure you can't you can't do that men's body But you know you might even be able to do it in classic body building, but even now that's getting too hard What do you think of the classic go over a one of Brian Jones What do you think gave you reminds me of like a young guy queen doesn't mean not just because they're You've got like that tygrene is very awkward. I know that I stopped doesn't show up and well in pictures But I'm sure in person he was wacky looking from what I was going to be alive It's pretty impressive Well, it was the most packed just for a statistic what was the most packed class? I mean in terms of numbers bikini Oh, yeah probably absolutely bikini in figure men's physique was huge Men's physique was huge, so But it's not always the case. I heard there was 250 bikini girls in the show As my grandfather would say, mazultuff Yeah, there was there was four women body roles in the whole show and they gave her poker You know if I'm advising women's physique, yeah if I'm advising women's physique Well, if you're a women's physique, you better just do body building if you have any of these eyes I know I've said it, but no one knows how people think it crazy, but the girl who one is looks good She could have won physique if you look at the picture Marla Maria Marla Maria Marla Maria Marla Maria She definitely could have won, which she'll be a great women's physique pro She was smart. She was the smartest one there She figured you know what I got a better chance of body building I don't know why I don't know why the women's physique women wouldn't cross over or do the just do body building All you got to do is come in the shape What did they give a classic body building? Brocar of somebody One, two, three, four, five, six, seven pro cars You know we had, yeah I don't have to even determine that It was a two per class, it's why they give the classic two per class But they give them the men's body building, one per class That's what I mean, isn't that weird? Well that's why they have that's why all the classes have 35 people in it Well I mean if you, if you, if you, if you gave a four I'm just saying four three pro clients to each light heavy heavy super I mean you wouldn't get 10 guys in the, in the, yeah Look, every one of the national's everyone, let's assume that 50% of the classic physique guys would have been men's physique Before class was around and 50% would have been open body bones Right? Yeah, well there's, there's the people you lost That's why the classes are not the stats, why open body building doesn't have as many people's usually Because here, you know, there's a certain percentage that went off the classic And that's just the way it's going to go And that's, that doesn't mean you're going to, I don't think it's going to water the Pull down necessarily in the open class. I think you're just not going to get as the numbers That's all. Yeah. The guys who are going to win classic never would have won open anyway, not on amateur level Maybe as they got, if they got bigger and went on a pro level they would So I don't think you, you're losing, you know, your, your top tier talent You know, it's just a matter of will these men's classic guys stay as classic guys in the, in the pros If they do then you might lose some, you might lose some talent in the pro ranks Because these guys could theoretically, you know, grow into, into open men, competitors So I heard the lorry still wants to go up to open men's body building next year I'm going to get them on the show interview before they look there. I'm going to ask him I heard he gained 20 pounds already. What do you think by that? He may have, I mean he, he may have but, um, for open body building, the thing to win the Arnold classic, you need more than 20. Probably, yeah. I mean, a couple of, if he's willing to, you know, put the work in over a couple of years I think he could probably do it, you know, people did it all that's how people in the past You know, you're looking at a guy and see there's no way this guy can be an open guy No, of course he could, that's, that's where everyone starts, you know, he's got the structure The question is, does he, can he put the muscle on, you know? That's, it's just a matter of, you know, time. Time over tension, right? Is that what, what's, that's what is that equal? Time over tension. But it's some kind of, I remember that from first. That's two scientific from me doing. Yeah, it's a little too, Chris, I'm not even doing the show at 12 30 and I was one in the morning, so. That's okay. It's so alert. We, our brains don't work that clearly at that time. No, time over tension. It's a training, it's like a, who came up with that time over tension? Yeah, I know it's body building the way that we, I think it's Ellenton, Howard and Howard, how are you put out, you have something like that? Yeah, work equals more mass times accelerated. That's our move from physics. Because people say, people, I hear that all the time. This is, you know, Chris is not scientific enough. I, I'm serious. Some people tell me, I hear that. This is, you know, Chris, you're not scientific, you just like, make stuff up or lucky, I said, or lucky is okay. So I'm scared by help when? Time under the tension is the time your muscle spends under load during a set. Okay, and I guess that's associated with hypertrophy, right? No, it's just, in other words, how long you take before you do the positive and negative contraction, eccentric use. I mean, you know, you, you, you could, you could take a hundred pounds. And then you can take a hundred pounds on the bar and bring, take 20 seconds, 30 seconds to bring it down and 30 seconds to bring it up and do lots of those. And I think if you mentioned 450, it negates everything under time under tension. I, I was found that I liked it to really control the negative portion of the eccentric portion of the movement. Like, very, very controlled. And how quickly I came down with the movement was basically based on, on feel. So on bench press, I really control the negative because I felt that that was really important, you know, to the, to the set. On squats, I controlled the, the, the negative or the eccentric, you know, going down, but I, not as much because I just felt like I didn't have to. In other words, so it's important to control your negative, but the rate with which you do it is, really, depending upon how it feels. And you can't teach someone that you can't say, well, you have to take 25 seconds to lower the weight. Now, because not for everyone that's going to work, especially if you have long, long legs, very short legs or long arms for short arms, it's got to work. It's got to feel. There's got to be a, a feel aspect of it. But when you bring it down, when you bring it down, bring the weight down, and the negative slower, you don't recruit more muscle fibers to you. Well, I think you, I think you're, I think you're breaking down more tissue. You're thinking about the muscles and the contracted position at the top of these state bench press. And then you're lowering the weight. Now, the muscles that are contracted now are tearing or, are shearing apart, because the slower you're moving the weight down theoretically, the more shearing force on them. And so that that's the theory, if you can, if you can create more shearing force over long period of time, time on the tension, you're going to, you know, you're going to, you're going to get better gains. But I think it's, it's, there's an, an individualistic type of portion, or, or, or, or, I guess, aspect of this because if you lower the weight too slow, you won't be able to bring it up again. You know, necessarily, you might actually do it yourself. You might need to do it yourself. You might, you might, to take the muscle too much, because you're taking too long to do the set. You're not going to get enough reps out. Now you're reducing the amount of reps you're doing because you're lowering the weight too slowly. I don't think you're going to get as much development. So I think this got to be like a balance between, you know, I always found that, you know, when I went super heavy, you know, the try to stimulate your muscle growth, I had to move the weight a little faster. I couldn't lower the weight as quickly with, say, 500 pounds on the bench as I could with 400 or a 315. And if I tried to do that, I would get stuck in the end of it. I would get no reps with it. So I think at some point, you might need to move the weight a little faster to get into that groove of building more strength. And then once you have more strength, you can slower, you know, you can do your, so in other words, on the lighter sets, you do, you do, you do slower reps, as least the negative portion. And then on heavier sets, you might go faster because you want to use that in a little bit of momentum to try to be able to get pushed through that barrier of nothing on the lift. So I think that that has to be that balance between it. And that's, that's why there's no, there's no formulas in stone for lifting. You just can't make formulas up, is it this is the way to do it? Because that's, it's not the way to do it. And then this, this variability to everything you do. And everyone is different. That's why you can watch Branch Warren do those crazy ballistic, you know, type of movements that he does in the gym. And it works for him. He built a ton of muscle doing it. If I did it, I would be injured and an ambulance problem. Sounds like you're explaining, Joe, we just instinctive training. Yeah, Joe, Joe, he took, Joe, he took credit for every, every, every training principle. And he found it out with Joe, we just naked of gravity. He had to actually have like a naked of a gravity principle, which was when you bring the rap sounds slower. Well, you know what he did? He just, he just basically named all the things that people don't know. You're ready, you know, which is good because now we have a, we have a language to talk about it. You know, we can describe these things. It's important that sometimes give names to things because otherwise how do we have a conversation about what we're doing in the gym. We have to say, oh, you know that movement, you want to do it. It's better to have these, it's funny. It's funny. It's all crushers. Who gave up with skull crushers? Well, because when you got two tires, the fucking bar hit you in the head, you cracked his skull. You know, the way to principle, we'd have then stick to training, virtual gravity, you know, there was a principle for every contraction principle. What's when you hold it and squeeze it. Can you hear him coming up with those things? Because you know why it was easy for him to come up with those? The same reason was easy for black men to come up with the headline to articles. Well, you know what, Charles, you were talking about. Charles, that's probably come up with a couple. You probably have a whole book of principles that he's got for all his exercises. Charles, I was pulling on principle. Yeah. I'm saying if Charles was an Ego maniac like Joe is, which is not, he could have made up his own list of principles. I was so surprised. No, Charles is like the training chip, but if someone went to the gym and watched Charles training people and started quantifying everything that he's doing, you can come up with a whole new set of principles that no one even heard of before. You know? The Charles Glass Interangular Production Principle. Think about that. We think we know what the exercises, Charles could probably come up with, with 50 new exercises, no one ever heard of. You know, he can make his own names up from, and he can put it in a book and probably sell a million copies of the thing. People are obsessed with training. I can't tell you how many of my clients asked me for training programs. I hate doing that because I was an instinctual transit, but I've been writing down different programs for people just, and I've been saving them as files because people get bored. You know, I used to just instinctfully change things up here or there, but some people like to just follow routines, you know, and I forgot Chris that there's no magazines anymore. So the magazines did have those cookie crazy workouts that they pretended that the body bulls used. But they were there. Iron Man magazine was notorious for putting out a tremendous, different muscle back to different variations, and we would follow them. You know, you probably follow a lot of my probably follow a lot of them. There's nothing like that anymore. So it's actually not a bad idea to put out some new articles as well. Okay, here's some of the weed at principles and just Google it. Thanks to Google. The first rep principle, right? That's when Dave can't do any more, and I lift the bar off on the bench press and help him do it, and then he'll all right, right? Oh, wait, no force rep is you can't do it anymore. Yeah, okay. The pre-exhaustian principles you're going to do pecs, and instead of doing bench press, you're going to do like pec deck, peruscable crossover, So you can lift lesser weight, less weight to get the more out of it, right? Yeah. The muscle confusion principle is when you've been training chest on two, even training chest like the other, really, really tired of the gym. You know, I can play that breast. Did you train chest on Mondays? Yeah, and then you could use the body by starting with inclines rather flat bench. I purposely never train chest on Monday because I didn't want to fight with people over the bench, So I would do back on Mondays, and then on Tuesday I'd come back and do chest when no one was on the bench presses. Oh, I can play it. It's staked of the instinct of the instinct of the instinct of navigation of the gym principle. Wait, did we say muscle confusion? We said muscle confusion. Wait, the muscle priority principle. Now that would be when you're tired of the terrible, so you come right in and you target calves. It's funny that we both know that all these things too. The partial rep principle. The partials if you can't get the full range, you know, you're going to get the partial build up strength. You know what, you know why we know these crisps because we read the magazines like they were the Bible. And there was nothing else to look at. There was no internet. So we knew everything that was in those magazines and we were brainwashed by them. So that's why we knew and I can have this discussion and we don't even, we don't even know why we know this stuff, right? It's just in the spirit principle. Do you know that one? Oh, go faster to get more reps. Yeah, do faster to create explosive power speech strength. But that's what that's like I was saying before when you were using newer, you know, more weight that you've ever used. You're going to go faster because you're going to be able to get more reps and get used to that weight a little bit. But one of you say that you're going to give a notation to back to Joe. The descending sense principle. The descending sense. That's drop sets. Yeah, drop sets. That's drop sets when you do it, you know, you're doing by-seps with 50, 40, 30s. The staggered sets principle. I don't know what that is. Training several muscle groups together alternating, oh yeah, the muscle groups. Is that joint sense? No, no, that's a giant set. That's another principle. That's when you do like chest and you fatigue on chest and then you'd go do a set of back and then you come back and do chest and then back. Agingistic muscle groups like that. Yeah, and tacking the stick. You got it. And then you got the giant set principle, which I think Leo needs to give. Joe, credit for that one. That's it. And then the instinctive training principle, which is- I wouldn't just do it. Yeah. When you use all those principles, but you don't know why or when you use something. Or you just go to the gym and you might train chest three days in a row because you're instinctually thinking that's what you got to do. Yeah, that sounds like, who would do something like that? That would be like a- Riding course. Yeah. We'd worked for him though. I'd lose muscle. He'd grow three inches on his pecks. Who used to train back every single day? I'd get them with somebody, both said that's totally built it back. I tried to do that once. I tried to do like pull ups every day. You ever hit these people to do that? I get my back at smaller. I got 10 to 90s to my shoulders and everything was hurting me. I couldn't- I couldn't recover from doing back once a week. I needed to do whatever he ate days. You know, these guys were doing it every day. I always tell people, if you have a week body part and you're- and you're instinctually thinking that you should just- You listen to someone else and train it every day a little, like a couple sets. I said, do the opposite, train it less. Because if it's a week it probably means it's not recovering from the workouts. It's probably not the inner training and hard enough. Unless you just- a lazy trainer. Suming an unalazy trainer. I think the worst thing you can do is over-trained weak body parts. Usually that doesn't sound so weak. I mean, maybe for a week or two, that's it. But if you do it more than that, they can think of anything. I'm gonna be terrible. I don't know how people did two body parts a day every day every week, rather. I don't know how they did that. You know, they would do like a chest twice a week and back twice a week. I would be so burnt out on that type of a training regimen. It was terrible. Never worked for me. Works for some people. Doesn't work for me. Ronnie for his whole career did that, right? Yeah. Every three days he was doing it. That was a little he-hany, you know, pretty simple. Every three days you trained body parts. Can you imagine those leg workouts Ronnie did and doing those twice a week? Oh my god. That's why he can't twice cripple now. No, I think he's crippled because of his- Because of his- the weight he was lifting. But yeah, the fact that he wasn't recovering from those things. But he was recovering because he was getting you from this. He was probably doing something. Yeah. Who could train with callmen if he's doing chest? Chest rolls try back by legs, repeat it. And doing it in 150 degree heat in the summer and probably zero degrees in the winter. With no heat or acne shingin' and metrophlex that. Those are like jail-like conditions. I mean, it's crazy. No. No. Don't let's see. One. And figure Diana called the, a cadena. One, the overall there. Sarah Davis, one bikini overall. See you, Ross. Some more. You see. You'll say, I don't give credit to you. We classes anymore. I told you, I talked about bodybuilding was Marla Maria Marathoo. Brian Jones, we talked about classic. That's my, my chide green look-a-like. Yep. Men's physique, Carter Montgomery. Great physique. This guy's got it, wow. Great show. Women's physique. Ashlyn Richardson. She, you know, she's a little more on the smaller side. For women's physique. If you put it in a pose, she'd be like, figure in the pose now. It's weird. I haven't seen too many good like women's physique at the, at the amateur level. They're the pro level. They're great. But the amateur level that they're, they're definitely smaller. There's definitely a big gap between the pro and amateur level and women's physique. Side of things. I've known the least. I don't know if you've known that. No. I know it was a lot of classic. Well, classic is not a good gap because you know why? Because the weight class is a different, which I still don't understand. I don't know why the weight class is would be different for the pros versus the amateurs. But I guess they think the reason I'm sure- Well, they think when you turn pro, they want to have some, I grew up to grow a little bit. But why not just have it in the amateurs and you're right to the pro? That's- that's- that's- doesn't make sense to me. But I guess you know what? Look, there's two-12 in open and pro body playing. So, it doesn't really correspond to the weight classes in the amateurs at all for that respect. But I guess that again, I guess classic is the only really classic has a weight restriction on it. If you think about it in the pros, we're, you know, for every single person. Because your weight restriction is your height, you know? Which is kind of weird when you think about it because if you don't make weight, okay, in a classic physique pros show, right? What's your option? Now, I guess if there's an open or two-12 you can do that, but, you know, assuming you're in there, you can, you're on the, two-12. But you kind of screwed it away, right? Right, you can't compete if you don't fit any of those other categories. Imagine you do a show that only had- Imagine you could travel halfway across the world to Vietnam like this last weekend and to do it to a two-12 to do it. To do it to be a classic and you don't make the weight class. And you got it. You can't compete. It's crazy, right? You can't compete with it. I'm crazy. By the way, speaking of which, let me pull when we pull this up first here. So I'm accurate with what I'm saying. I get emails from people at the time. I don't know what you're doing. Where is this show? There was a show in Vietnam. What's there in Vietnam? Let me pull this in here. Everyone sends me the controversial stuff. And, you know, it's enough to take away the grain of salt because I wasn't there. Let me see what I'm looking for. Oh, here it is. I'm not going to say the person's name. I'd like to highlight you. I guess English is not the first language. But the recent muscle contest show that was in Vietnam and the Philippines. They are using non-qualified I-FB Pro at Judges. Judges from other federations even people have never judged before. I don't know anything about this. What do they want you to do up all? I don't know. They want me to go back to something. First of all, there are no freaking part judges who live in Vietnam. But they want to expect. They want to fight against the same people. Well, you know what? Let me translate to you. I coach who I think should have won gets grew. That's probably where it's coming from. Unqualified Judges. Like, what's that mean? They have no, you know what? I hear that all the time. They're unqualified. He never competed. Well, I mean, it is nice to know that somebody competed. It really, really is. I mean, I would like to be on stage and have gay plumbo. Judge me or, you know, sort of judge me or who's a Raymond judge me or a black slowest judge me. But at the same time, there are damn good judges. Some who don't even look like they work out. Maybe they never have. I mean, I still kept in touch with fans for like 30 years. Who I still say, hey, who do you have in the top five in the show? Because they have a great eye. And some of these people who I know, I swear to God, if you saw me, it's a, what's he doing at bodybuilding shows? He just a fan. Yeah, no one's ever happy, you know that. They have a show. I thought maybe it was, you show, they have a show in Singapore, this coming weekend. But that's obviously not what they're talking about because they're talking about a show that took place. If someone says to come to Singapore, they've mean you'll go, well, abandon in the wives, abandon in the kids. I said my wife down to see them. And they get down to the home school woman. We'll go to Singapore cover the show. Yeah. If you actually told you wife, Dave and I got to go to Vietnam this weekend. I can say that on the radio show. I did it would never happen. She'd be like, you're not going to. He, he, he. Lose the power, Dave, somebody told me once you lose the power when you get married. My dad, that's my dad. So I think he took it. Yeah, he took it. That's right. He warned me. Speaking of my dad, he's, he's still hanging in there. I don't know how he's doing it to be honest with you. My dad hasn't had any food or liquids for four days now. I just wanted to thank everyone else. I've been getting a tremendous amount of text and emails for people, you know, setting prayers and giving all kinds of emotional support. So I, I appreciate it. I, I, I, I put it out there just because I, I like to keep my life out there and let everyone know it's going on in my life. And a lot of people responded. I didn't even think that they were going to because you know, my dad's a daddy. He's just, he's dying, but he's not dead yet, but we've been trying to go there and spend a lot of quality time out and going there every day and spend several hours, you know. I don't see, I go in and out of the room because he's kind of like, you'll fall asleep and he's not really speaking much anymore. But although he yelled, ma, ma, a couple of times today. There's a nurse for me. It's my dad. If my dad was only if they got my dad can't speak because if he was alive, you'd be like, you know, because the nurse looks just like his mother. She does. I can understand where he's coming from. It's not even like that he's like screwing up too much because, do we get a load of this one? So, you know, man, it came by the kids. My son is like, he just, he would try to explain to him the whole process of like, my father's like, it'd be very difficult, you know. Yeah, yeah, yeah. What can he really get? Right, well, man, as like, explaining, you know, that the pop is going to be with Jesus. The Jesus is going to come take him. And, you know, like he did. And then, it's funny. She was explaining to him, and then, well, since she sees, they walk up the driveway, there's like a dead snake on the driveway. And she's like, you see the snake? Snake? But the Jesus would stake there. The snakes with the Jesus, you know. Yeah. He came it, understood the whole. Oh, but I think he does. I don't know. But he goes there and he likes to say pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. Which every time he does is my father, you can tell my father is responding. He definitely hears what's going on. It's amazing how your body can shut down, but your hearing seems to be the last sense that still stays. And I don't know what that is. You think it's something of like evolutionary thing, you know, for survival. It's a good point. I really, I really get it. Well, what comes for us? You are safe when you, when you, when you, when you're being formed in the womb. I don't know. I forget. I have to get my embryology. But I'll tell you this, what's the most important for survival? I guess would be hearing, right? To hear a predator coming. Because what if it's dark out? You know, your vision is not going to really help you in the dark, right? So I guess hearing was always like a very important sense. You know, for survival before we had houses and, you know, when we were in the wild, so to speak. And that must be why these two, these two, these two, these two, these two. Because if you say the right thing to him and he, and it's touching or whatever, it's some kind of emotional thing. You can sometimes like, see, a tear and his eye and man, it was saying, look, Salve, you hear me blink, you know, he's blinking. So, I don't know. He's hanging in, I like I said that. I never heard, I always thought you couldn't last one two days without lick fluids, but my father had nothing to eat or drink for four days and he's still pretty safe. I mean, he actually looks pretty good. He probably did seven days for the do your girl. So, you know, fluid. That's why he made the way. Yeah, my father's getting stride to glutes now because he's, his body's absorbing all the fluids. You know, you have to make my father would say the, and I said this to him. I said, dad, you know, you taught me that you got to find the absurdity and everything in life. And so, this got to be some absurdity and something ironic about what's going on here. You know, you're going to a better place. You know, it's funny that you, you told me the absurdity is that he's, that he's on wuffy and, and it's a decrease from, it's like the way they decrease principles. Yeah, you know what I mean? I couldn't figure out why you'd be like, we were talking about pain principle. I couldn't figure out why father was so sensitive and everybody's, so in touches on him. And then one of the nurses said, did he drink, did he, did he, did he, did he, did he, did he, did he, did he, did he, did he, did he did that a drinker? I said, well, I don't know, was a bottle of wine, a day of drinking. She's like, yeah, that would probably qualify. And I said, well, what about like, the 80 millionaires of oxy-content twice a day? Which he was not, he was actually on less when he was living in a system living, because he had no stress, he was only 20. But I guess what happens is when I give you a morphine drip, my father's actually getting less pain kill of the new, he was getting when he was taking the pills. So he was, they were under, you know, they, they think they keep it uncomfortable on an IV drip of a morphine. He's actually, he's in with the draw for this stuff. So he had up his dosage. What is this? What, what would be the way to principal, the weeder says to desage, I suppose, desage, desage. Yeah. So anyway, it's kind, it's very sad, obviously, the whole situation. But you know, my dad's 88, and I, I think, once again, I tell people, and I said this, and I know my father would agree with this, I would rather my father pass on knowing who I am than getting to a point where he didn't remember who I was anymore, because I think that would be horrible. Because then it's like, had he, comfort someone who doesn't even know who you are, you know? Yeah. So he's like, me, he knows me. He knows my son, Logan, if you mentioned that in 80, and see, he knows that. He knows my cousin Michael, who he was very instrumental in raising, helping raise. If you, if you tell my wife's name is Claudia, even though it's a man to, I'll know Claudia, you might know man, I mean, you know, Claudia knows her as Claudia, consistently as Claudia. And that's my, that's his brother's ex wife's name, I don't know where he came up with that, but that's what he always calls a man to him. It's a sincere matter. And so he's still in there. I kept going every day, I might go there, and I'm like, I think this is the last day. He gets through another day. I'm trying to just enjoy all the time I got with him left. But once you get back, you guys, I appreciate what out there. Who sent their well wishes and everything like that. Crazy. Crazy. And didn't hear. I put up a, a man, if reminded me that I did a, ask, ask, we did a, on the old movie must of TV show. I remember that, that video, I remember you sending that to me. It seemed like it was 2013, it seemed like it was yesterday. Yeah. And he was, I, I told you many, many times, I told everyone I told Dave, you got to give him his own show once a week. Talk about Dave, so what, what did you get to talk about? It said two cares. Yeah. I should have, well, I should have taken more of them there because he was, he was so animated, my phone that I forgot how like with it he was. He was still losing. He was still, he was still, he was still, he was still, he was still, he was still, he was still there right? I don't know what he was doing. But that's what he was just like really, really, we should have taken tons of wine. I know that. That was the, like right in the beginning when you started to really lose his memory. So I, I was doing this, what would dad, what answer, we did like a quiz show, what would dad, what would Dave's dad say? And I would ask the people in the studio, I'd give him a question. And then I go to the clip that we filmed with me asking my father a certain question. Like, what's, when's my birthday or, you know, how many times have you been married? All these, like, things that he should know. And you got it. I just go rewatched, I don't want to run a friend of mine. It's pretty funny, you know. And the funny thing is that one of the people on the show I had was a very long time childhood friend of mine, Larry Ushah, and Larry jumped off the Verizano Bridge. I had given him the nickname, the Bridge Jump, because he actually won't have only two people, however, lived from jumping off the 200 times. I told my son that story the other day. How's that? Go ahead. Unfortunately, he wanted a couple years later. He's successful though. Yeah, I believe he owed it on heroin, yeah. Some kind of drugs. I think it was New Year's Eve or something like that. Kill themself. But terrible, but he was great on the show. No, and he knew my dad really well too, which was pretty funny, because he grew up around the corner for me. And so he was used to shovel my dad's walk and the winter, and he would break the leaves and remove the lawn and the summer. While he was going through the loss, actually, he probably was still a lawyer. He was just going through it. Then he actually read that a room in one of my rental houses for me for five years. So I just knew this guy. So, well, it's ironic that he was in that episode of my dad. And he'll probably be mowing my dad's lawn and heaven up there somewhere. He never knew. But how's your dad doing? My dad is not doing well. Yes. He's, you know, he's a good guy. He's got dementia. So it's, you know, you never improved. You only have good days and worst days. The progress base. Well, you know, they fall on the falling. Yeah, falling again. Um, he broke his hip and it never healed. Oh, it didn't. Because he was too stubborn to do any type of therapy for it. So, but I don't know if it was being stubborn or, you know, because he's by nature stubborn. Well, it's probably safer because now he's not walking around. So he's not going to be, you know, true. True. You know, it's so blinding there. So, um, but, you know, holidays where he seems decent. And then, you know, right when you think like, well, he's really not that bad. You know, he's not that bad. And then he realized, like, he could visit another day and you say, yeah, he's not bad. Yeah, they have bad days, they have bad days. So, and he would have, you know, bad days, of course, one, you know, any day. So, you know, I hate to make this show about death because a lot of people who died, I want to just mention, and you know, this person, I didn't even know he died. His girlfriend contacted us through our ex-Muscle's Instagram account. Carliske Doi, his wife, he's sorry, his wife. Carliske Doi, you remember my friend down in Brazil, he's the cover of the Brazil. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, amazing. I give him a hand. Because he's driving us around and he was our translator. Great guy, you know, he was, I don't even know what the cause of death is, but men, he's got a young baby, you know, he's leaving behind wife, and he had been sick, but he had beat it and I don't really, we have to be in a blood disorder, and I don't really know exactly if that's what took his life. But he had started a website like for us, I remember, like we did, like, after our ex-Muscle, because we had, you know, worked with him so much, he started a Brazilian website, site and he was covering shows and he had a YouTube channel and I actually named his YouTube channel for him a game of the name. And he was at the Arnold this year. I mean if I got him press passes I validated because Matt Loris called me up because if you know if this guy said yeah he's a good guy. Game press passes. So he was really doing well with that and unexpectedly got the freaking phone call terrible. Then I saw in the news you pointed out to me that Jerry Lawless son Brian Christopher and said he got arrested for DWI he was in his jail celly hung himself. What's going on with people? What's with the suicide Chris? Is depression that deeply rooted in our society? It is. It's a successful people. We talked about Anthony Bourdain a few weeks ago now this guy. Wow. And then of course Nicolas Volkov dare to die. Nicolai Volkov another WWE Hallfamer from. He was like who was he the tag team partner with the particular guy? Yeah he was the actual number he was. The one you mentioned before the iron sheep. They were like tag team partners. They won the championship belt. Boy, very, very back. And he died. He was the 70s. But a lot of people died in the sweet unfortunately. Here's a good story for you. Do you follow gymnastics women's gymnastics a little? I don't think you can follow these. Well Simone Biles is probably the winningest. Yeah, everyone's Simone. She's the most winningest. Probably the best greatest gymnast of all time. She won in the Olympic gold. And she's making a comeback now. And she did her first meet back. I didn't even, I didn't even, for a year or something like that. Or over here. And she won. And I'm looking at her physique. This girl's got the greatest genetics of all time. She, if she wanted to be like a figure like pro, she probably would be a figure pro. Or at least she would certainly be a fitness pro. They would be no doubt about that. She probably would be mislump if she wanted to. Just crazy genetics. I always love it when I see someone who's like a super, super talented person who could just, they could take time off and then come back and just still be at the top of the game. Unbelievable. I just, you know, just some people have a genetic gifts that are just leaps and bounds above everyone else. Of course she happens to be one of those people. Most gymnasts stop competing after they're teenagers. And I think she's probably got the kind of genetics she can probably compete until she's 30 if she wanted to. Crazy. Crazy. What else do I want to talk about? I have a quarter of the week, Chris, which I think is important. And it, and I'm going to prophesy by telling my dad story first. My dad, the least, the second half of his life, I think, was just a very pessimistic person, which is ironic because I'm the complete opposite. I'm like, I'm almost two non-pestive a second. Maybe his pessimism led to your optimism. Maybe. Maybe. I always try to convert him. I couldn't do it. And the, the quarter of the week is you cannot have a happy ending to an unhappy journey. You cannot have a, yeah. Do not have a happy ending to an unhappy journey. No, you're miserable at the time. And it's not good and well, fear. You're not going to have, you're not going to achieve what you want. You've got to change your mindset first if you want to have success and anything you do. I always, I, you know, I see there's a lot of people who battled the pressure in the body-pilling world. And those people, they always find a way to screw up the contest prep. I don't have a deal with it, but it's true because I think they attract negativity to themselves. And if you want to have a happy ending, meaning if you want to do well, achieve whatever you set your mind to, you got to eliminate the negative from your life. You can't be sitting around miserable. Time where you're going to attract more misery and you're going to find the way to screw it up. You have to see these people, Chris. You're like, how do they held this guy screw up two days before a show? It's everything in the, in the, in the Chinese buffet and then screws it up. Or how does this person get into a car accident? You know, the, the day of the show, what the hell they doing driving around? You know, it's like people, they, they, they find the way to screw up. Well, someone said to me, someone that probably could be considered depressing. I mean, a bodybuilder said to me today, they, it's, it's not someone I help, but it's, it's a good professional bodybuilder. He made me. And he said, he was talking about going to extremes. He said, I think my body fights extremes. You know, like when I, you know, fight extremes in the process of dieting and unworked, you know, make me go low carbs, high cardio. And I think it was just, you know, way of seeing what I would say to him. And I said, um, I said, well, there's always a time to be extreme. You know, you don't have to be extreme all the way through, but, you know, being extreme can be beneficial. So don't rule it out, you know, just because your body, quote, you know, just work well with, with extremes. And he said, well, maybe I go, maybe I resort to the extremes for paranoid reasons thinking about, you know, good enough. And I'll just, you know, do the three hours of cardio in 10 carbs a day just because of fear, you know, unreasonable fear of it. I'm not going to be a chea. There's not way higher coach so the coach can say, don't do three hours. You don't need to do this. Yeah, they, they hired you, but they said, you, you could do the same thing. I can't be one. That was my next subject. I was going to talk. I didn't really want to talk about it. I didn't really want to talk about it. I, I wanted to give you a chance to divorce a big as Nick Trigilli. Um, was, well, I actually like, I actually thought I, I interviewed him on our show a couple weeks ago, and then I went on his show. And then interviewed to help his channel on YouTube a little bit get some notoriety. So I noticed he's not competing for tire from competing and he's looking to make money. And obviously coaching people. And you know, but he came out with some kind of products, you know, that I did not, and I'm not only going to go into it, but you see, watch, but I, you can watch my response video on our channel to see what I'm talking about. But he came out with some kind of sight injection, oil, not even oil. It's a sight injection, a hyaluronic acid product, which doesn't do anything when you put the muscle. And I did a, I did a video on it, basically saying that there's no science behind it, and it's ridiculous. And that's what I do. You know, I'm not going to endorse something. I'm not going to tell people this is great if it's something out there that's irresponsible. And he obviously took offense to it, and he went on this channel two days in a row, and it was bashing my coaching, which is ironic because your people, 25 years, you know, I have more pro cards, you know, for people that I've helped, you know, than he'll ever get his entire life. And the funny thing is that he was bashing the fact that I give similar diet to, to, to multiple people who happen to be in, and claiming that I am overcharging people, and I'm taking the initiative, like I'm like some kind of like scumbag or something like that. And, you know, he even mentioned your name, also that you charged too much money, and this and that. And I don't think I charged enough, but yeah. The funny thing is that I'm the manager, I charge whatever I want. If people are going to be stupid enough to pay me, I can, you know, now it's a feeble attempt, obviously, to get people to leave people. Because he badmouthed the Matt Jensen and the couple of people to obviously. So I'm not giving you tomorrow's Jose and, uh, saying more, sending money back this year. No, but he's doing it, obviously, to drum up more business for himself, but the irony is, and I went on this, I went on this rant that I basically explained what coaching. You know, if you, let's, you know, let's say you're helping someone for 16 weeks, and over that 16 weeks they give you, you know, 40 updates, you know, 40 checkins with you probably more. You know, if you're depends on, you know, how much you need to interact with the person. And if you're changing their program 40 times during this week, or you've let's even half the time to change it, changing it 20 times, then the program you initially give them is not really the program because it's not a static program. And if someone waste 220 pounds and they're a male and they're competing in body building, how many different diets really are there, right? I mean, if you would give someone a different diet, then you'd give the other person to kind of visit the same category, okay, and try to achieve the same goals. You'd actually be cheating one of the people, just because you're trying to be different and make it seem like you're giving them something unique. You'd be actually a Charlton to give someone a different diet than you know, was the perfect diet for that, right? The perfect start diet at least. This is nothing stays the same because some people get more food, some people get less food, some people get more cardio, some people get less cardio, some people get more fat burn, some people get less fat burn. And coaching is how you craft and change and mold the diets that you pick the person to be the best that they can be on contest day. That's what big of coach is about it. Now he wouldn't know that because he's not really a coach, he's a guy who just started helping people using other people's programs that he's used in the past. And he's trying to learn how to do that, and that's fine, and that's maybe one day he'll be a good coach. Takes years and years and years to obviously have experienced to do that. And I found that I arrived that he was attacking me for that, and that's just really because he was just mad that I put down his product. But then he started bringing up your name and Matt Jensen's name and a few other guys out there, which he couldn't hold their jock strap these guys, as far as coaching goes. So I thought it was ironic that he would do that. I think a lot of people agreed with what I said on the thing because it looked on them, I'm not trying to say I'm better than anyone, anything. But I certainly know what it is to be a coach, you're a matter of fact, they train coaches with my secrets to becoming a thai guru, of course. And I get people different templates, and that's that's what being a coach is about. It's taking templates and applying it to the person that you're using and then changing it as necessary. That's what coaching is, it's a dynamic program. And a lot of people don't understand that. They think it's about, okay, I'm going to give this guy 14p's to eat with this meal, and the other guy will give 16p's of corn, and the other guy I'm going to give, you know, ground turkey, and this guy I'm going to give, ground chicken breast, and just trying to make something unique for the sake of making unique, just make sure that it's better salesman doesn't make it, you're better coach. And I'm sure you've written thousands and thousands of diets over the years, press and I'm sure most of them are pretty similar. Because that's what works, you know what works, you know. Yeah, I don't even bother to bash them back, I don't want to laugh. That's the bash, I just, it's more about education, because I think that a lot of people don't really know what it is to coach people. They don't understand it, they think it's like, all right, I'm, you know, I have this, this goal to win the USA championships, and I need a unique program. Reagan, you're not getting your money back. I need a unique program that's going to make me better than the next guy. And I'm paying Chris Asito, you know, a hundred thousand dollars, he'd better give me something that's going to be just for me. The bottom line is, how do you look on contest day? That's the bottom line, isn't it? Yeah, it is the bottom line, doesn't matter, doesn't matter what type of diet you used. No, it's a front line. The coach shows how to manipulate whatever they're giving you to get you to that end point. It doesn't really matter, the process, you know, everyone has their own process. And when I train coaches, I tell them that, I say, look, here's the starting point. This is the science of what you're doing. Now take this and make it your own. And you're going to develop your own techniques with your own templates, with your own ideas of how you apply this to people. And that's what's going to make you a great coach. The only thing you can do now is you've got to get experience and do a lot of diets for people. And you're going to learn on the way how to manipulate things and how to make your own changes. That's just the nature of the beast. They say to be great and to come and master it anything, Chris, you have to do it for at least ten years. So, look down on the shadow of a devil. And I believe that because I believe that. I believe that, ask anyone who's going to successful business, take some ten years to really get it fine, fine, tuning. You know what I mean? I thought I think it took us ten years before that this radio show got good. We're just about to ten year mark this year. It's actually our 10 years. So we should be great. We'll be masters of radio next year, Chris. We'll be, we'll be other people. We'll be a master's degree. What's happening with the radio? Great idea. The top 70 by building podcasts. Yeah. That lead. She probably like took the surhead on the sand every time a stone probably. Yeah. And he from friends over there's got to be someone who knows this person. Yeah. I, by the way, did I did a rant also on Dyside and had a dry out for a bodybuilding competition about how to do it? I really did. How did different direct work? Yeah. Give me this. Give me this. You know, the close no, the close no, the plan. Well, I just explained what, why, what the different dioretics do for out act on versus like a dioryside versus like a LASIX. And why Dyside tends to be the dioretic of choice because it's very predictable because it's not. It's potassium sparing, but it doesn't stifle out us around if you cramp on Dyside. It's because you're so re-inducated. And it's an easy fix. And so, you know, I explained why I felt I felt the Dyside was the most that that beneficial dioretic to use. It's very predictable and you can cut, sort of problem solve easy with it. And obviously Dyside has different names in different countries. The maxide and dietyde and moderetic and this different version of it. But it's their old dual dioretics that kind of balance sodium potassium loss. So because whenever you give dioretics to obviously, I don't have to tell you this. If you're losing potassium and sodium and something goes wrong, you don't really know how to remedy the situation because you're not doing blood work for the person. So you don't really know what their electrolytes are doing. So it's always nice to have a dioretic where you know that the only thing that you can possibly be losing would be sodium. So that was the rant. And you know, because a lot of people, I did we take for granted that we know this Chris, because we've been doing it so long, but there's a lot of new people coming at the point they know nothing about those that last week of getting rid of water and carbing up and using dioretics. And it's almost like it's scary for them because they have no clue. And you know what, you and I once again, we take it for granted because it's so intuitive to us how to do this that we've forgotten what it's like that when we were first doing it for the very first time. You know, I don't know what to do, right? Bob probably told Bob Grush can probably told you what to do and you just probably listen, but you didn't know. You know, of course, you know, those coolers. And you were lucky to hear Bob Grush can most people don't have a Bob Grush game, you know. No. So, nothing down. We have to get the girl club. You get the girl class. Right, yeah, that's I teach all that stuff in the garage. I have to make the new class that's probably going to be in October. I haven't made it. Maybe you could give like a like a little water or something from like the Bob Grush in a word for best like a 10 to a student. Oh, yeah, it's good. It's good, you're right. I like that. Guru have a Guru of the year, the Bob Grush and Guru of the year award. They can give it out to Mr. Lepia competition along with the whole fame ceremony. You know, what's happening? I keep saying, you know, we used to kid. Shouldn't they do we would we would we would we would kid on this show. Dave, hold on. We used to kid on this show years ago about I used to say, we're going to have a Guru summit. And that kind of led to the Guru of the classes. It did because I took that and said, you know, you're right, Chris. And I thought I started holding the Guru classes. Because I used to make fun of a handy and and George, you know, and say, we'll invite them or fly them to like to heady and what would be how. We'll want you know, the people there and you know, bring the rock into fishier. If we get fighting and and then we used to also say. We used to talk about. And nobody built in class. Right, classic. Yeah. And I remember you saying, I think we need a new class. And we were talking about the ball of chicken. Oh, it was a big ball. I was going to do a little. And in lowly holds. Here's classic physique. Yeah. We were talking about that way back. We knew it was necessary. Once once men's physique came out, it was absolutely necessary. The bridge that the two because they were too far apart from each other. And that's why if they never came out with men's physique, we wouldn't need it. We wouldn't have a middle ground because people were stuck in the middle late. They didn't know what to do. And that's why it was that's why we we weren't crazy. I did an iron rageous pass. We also with Lee priest about who the toughest mr. Limpi was. And I wanted to ask you your opinion on that. Not the best mr. Limpi the toughest. The guy who was the hardest to beat. And I'll tell you, you probably didn't watch the video. So I'm not going to say who I. Lee and I kind of agreed on this way. The hardest one to beat. Yeah, who is the hardest guy to beat? In history, you mean? Yeah, like which of the mr. Limpi is. Who is the guy who we like? Oh man, this guy is just he's just he's relentless. You can't beat him. Well, you mean his physique or him? It doesn't matter. It's the same thing. Who is the hardest mr. Limpi to beat? Well, I would I would. You'd you'd have to go back to Dorgon probably. Yeah, that's exactly who we said. Do you know because he was able to fend off. The grand silence of our history. Well, he he had to fend off. You know, the best of room we ever saw he had to fend off him. You know, we all are. You know, we all are. He had to fend off now. He had to fend off. Sean Ray. Yeah. He had to fend him off all the one show. He's one thing is one thing to fend off. You know, to beat like a really good the room, which a really good the room was the first year I run if we never ever owned it the Limpi out. Yeah, 97. And that was the best without a shadow of a doubt. That Sean Ray had ever looked. But also to you know, be we were in 93. You know, people forget how crazy we will look at that show. Sean Ray looked unbelievable with that show. The only reason Dory in one that was because that was his best year. Yeah. So, you know, when you do it year after year. He was, you know, his tough as nails. You couldn't beat this even wheel of city because I never really thought that I could beat Dory and I thought so or him is unbeatable, which is weird because Dory didn't have like a Ronnie Coleman physique. He had a flex wheel or his physique. He just he was mentally so strong. That's what the problem was. And that's why I'm saying I don't think Dory and had the greatest physical time. I think he just was one of the hardest guys to beat because he was relentless. You know, he was going to be his best every time. And it didn't matter if he had injuries. He was not missing that show. He competed with more injuries that guy than any other body but in the history of the sport probably. He didn't branch. Branch Warren looked like a jug. His branch would get the injuries after the show. At least he wouldn't have them at the show. You know what I mean? Dory was like a peat with torn biceps and torn triceps and the quads that were like you know half attached. So he just he was just tough as nails. You know that's all that that's all there was. You couldn't you couldn't budge this guy. Mentally either. He was just too too damn tough. You'd never be able to on stage. He was like Roberto Durant. He was like you couldn't even catch him smiling on stage. Right? No. Was the interest in smiling? Yeah. He was there to do battle. You know, and that's it. And no one and he got involved in no one's drama. He didn't know anything that was going on. He would hide out and you know, England the whole year and he'd come out to do a little guess posing here and there. But go right back to the dungeon over there. A temple gym. You can't get through to a guy like that. You think he if he was competing in today's social media. He still wouldn't get through to him. He probably wouldn't even be on social media. He wouldn't have a social media page. Right. You know who don't. Yeah. You know what? I don't even think he does but he doesn't. Craig Richardson won that show and he doesn't really. I mean he has like an Instagram page but he has like 10 posts. And like nine of us family. I think that you know maybe that like one body of the picture. He don't care. Yeah. Well, that's that's why he's he's able to focus in and he doesn't he doesn't even worry about what the people. Probably doesn't even know who after people he competing is. No, he doesn't. He doesn't. He doesn't. That that's the best way to be. Somebody these guys. Somebody these guys have lost the battle because before they even arrive at the show because he's so worried about who they competing. Of course they've seen the filter pictures of their competition. They come to get killed exactly. Well, anyway, next this coming weekend is the Tampa Pro and Chris you'll be down there with Rafael Novalo photographer and John Hanson. You'll be doing some good coverage for us. And John. John. John. Yeah. Well, he lives there. So he'll be there the whole time. Oh, then we do it all time. Yeah. I'll go. You know what? I'm going to go by his house. He must have a little haul thing going on. Yeah. You should go back there and do you guys should do a video. I just had his place. I mean, you should interview him at his house. I think. Tell John to pull the video camera out and have someone hold it. You interview John in his house. He'll probably show you every the trophy that he got when he was like six years old. Yeah, this is me. The teenage Chicago land. I was 14 years old. I got second and actually the open glass. You know what the funny thing is? I saw pictures. He put it some video up of like his first show or something like that. He looks exactly the same as he does now. Doesn't he? He looks like he looks like this. Yeah. He looks like this. He looks like this. He still looks like he's like 14 years old. You know, John. Yeah. I couldn't believe it. I thought it was like a recent thing. He looks exactly the same. He has not changed one bit. He hasn't lost the hair on his head. And he still got a great physique. You know, so it's really pretty funny. But that's John John. There's no one that I know that loves body building. And lives body building more than John Hanson. I'd say that. He has a secret hall of payment is based on it. But I can say that because you know it. At some point I stopped. You know, it's with the competition. It's a bit like this. There's the inies. He still eats. I bet it can brass, you know, every week. I thought that's a Chuck. That's this is. You know, you have a little weird things in Hall of Fame. Yeah. That's a Chuckly any use of use for the 85 Olympia. New York City first year 243 pounds. You. I got that chart from him. He gave that to me. Thanks to him. I put it in the Hall of Fame in the future. Yeah. That can't. That's a that's an actually. Starkest canotony is for Loufrey knows come back in 1993. Blue first class with Dave Blumbo. You know, been up at canotony. I'm just too scared to write it. Yeah. You know what the funny thing is? If I was going to start a Hall of Fame, I would. The job would be the first person I would call. To get all the collect all the, you know, all the fact, to wait and all that stuff. You know, this. You know, this. You know, this. You just go ahead. Well, if you ever go to a Hall of Fame, you see they have like quotes on the walls and stuff. Yeah. Yeah. He would be needed. This is a syringe used by great Valentino for the movie. The exploding arms. There's probably a vessel. No, you got to get Peter McGaff and you get John Hanson in a room. And with someone taking notes in video tape in the whole thing. And you got to get a strong, you need an actual star for like in the court. It could type of thousand miles a minute. To get all the information down to to be accurate. Who knows, I might do that in my later years. Hopefully John Hanson will still be alive. This is a pipe. Come here. Use when you enter the sound factory after this. Here's a crackfight. Oh, man. Chris, uh, I don't know. We give up the power. You give up the power. That's the theme of the show. Yeah. Remember, you can't, you cannot have a happy ending to an unhappy journey. I think that's the core of the week. And on that note, uh, until next week, remember with heavy muscle radio. The truth hurts. Good night, everyone.