Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X-Box, our 30-year-in-a-row, and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry with a low-car caulk tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. I'm Dave Palombo, and today is Monday, August 24th, 2020, and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. In the words of the late-rate notorious BIG, if you don't know, now you know. And in my head, that's why I like to imagine Boluus was thinking after he brought the thunder to the Tampa Pro a few weeks ago, even though George Peterson captured a lot of the post-tamp headlines for the two 12 fans, guys like Beau and third place finisher Derek Osslen were just as much of a revelation. I think you can make the argument that Beau's second place performance was as good as anything we've had so far in the regular season, which makes him must see TV where I have very land next. This guy is a force to be reckoned with, and I think the best of Boluus is probably still yet to come. I read once that native Amazonian tribes used to control burns in the forest, as we've replenishing the soil and bringing back new life. And I think if Chris Hester could describe what his approach is, heading into the NPC nationals in two words, controlled burn might be the perfect way to put it. People I've talked to have told me that Chris' ultra-focused heading into this year's contest with the number one goal being to come at as absolute best so that this time around he's undeniable. From a raw talent standpoint, Chris is right up there at the top of the list in terms of athletes who are expecting to see on stage this year. But if you can find a way to dig in and use that controlled burn method, he could easily end up as the last man standing. When it comes to goal setting in personal development, experts like to save a sweet spot is to focus on something that's a little bit of outside of your comfort zone. Somewhere right there seems to be the intersection between where you are, verse where you want to be, and that's the place where Ricky Moten's pretty much made his living these last few years. Over the weekend, I heard from a source that Ricky and his team are putting together a plant to smash his previous best at this year's Olympia. And that they believe he has the potential to crack the top 10 this year. Considering there were already seen Ricky be a consistent top 4 finisher at the Arnold 2 years in a row, it's not that big of a stretch for him to do something like that at the O. And if he says, good as advertised is a real possibility that we see him land a spot in that first call out. Two weeks ago at UFC 252, heavyweight champ, Steep Aimeo Uchich put on a clinic when he successfully defended his title against former champ Danielle Cormier. And of Kamala Gorgny was watching that fight, my guess would be that his big tape away was that he should come out swinging. Kamal's first title in the fence is less than five months away now, and by all accounts not only he's ready, but this time around he's looking to make a statement. And the top 5 of the 212 should be as deep as it ever been at this year's contest. So if I were Kamal, I'd be channeling my inner Steep Aimeo Uchich because landing the big shots early on will send a message that the champ won't be going down anytime soon. And that does it, yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning. I'm Dave Belumbo reminding you to always be true to your passions to make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.