It's Humpty here at Muscle in the Morning and I'm the Palombo and today is Wednesday, July 18, 2018. And let's find out what's going on in the world of body-building and fitness. Just when you thought you were going to have to call off work today to avoid another Humpty Disaster, there comes another live and direct edition of RXMuscle.com's World Famous Recap Wednesday to help you through your morning. We're going to kick off today's show with a full rundown of the hottest ticket in the week in the London Murray Classic. In the Men's Music Division, veteran Greg Brandt continued his resurgence season as he managed to earn his first win and his first Olympia qualification in one wildly emotional night. Pop owners in the Bikini Division went to Ashley Janell who seems to be getting yourself back on track at the perfect time now. And in women's body-building Swiss import, Jacqueline Fuchs was brilliant in her win over one of the last line of that we've seen all season long. Right up until a few days ago, the only thing I really knew about Portugal was that they were one of the only countries in the world to decriminalize the use of all drugs. But apparently, they've got themselves a strong body-building scene over there as well. Right there in the heart of Lisbon, we had an all-out war go down that might have just given us a snapshot of what the future of the 2012 division looks like as Hotty Schuppen in Nicholas Vulliatte, bowled it out for 2012 supremacy. And when the dust finally settled, it was Schuppen who managed to come out on top. But the highlight real effort we saw from Vulliatte in this season, a view was definitely worth mentioning. Overall, on the Men's Music side, Italian star, David Amazalari, collected his second win of the season with another monster effort here. And the top owners in women's physique went to check native, Linka, Farenca Kova. And in the bikini division, Ukraine's Ludmila, Nassanava, outpaced the rest of the field, and wrapping up things in the figure division with the decisive victory with Italy's Zulima Durair. If you and your friends are ever sitting around wondering what the temperature in hell feels like, well, all you need to do is go out and hit the digger strip in mid July right around 3pm. And now that Enfuego bikini star, Jennifer Duria is about to crank up the heat index this weekend, all of a sudden we're talking about a whole new level of hot. For only this week, Duria now is the choose planning to bring her talents out to Cincinnati this weekend for the battle in the desert. We're shall be looking to keep the momentum going from the her monster's second place effort at the Vancouver Pro two weeks ago. Duria has been a beast of epic proportions in every step of the road this season. And now that she's using this mid summer stretches her personal tune up for the Olympia, I wouldn't be the least bit surprised if she marched out of there with another win, tucked safely in her back pocket. With the amount of talent that we've gotten the men's physique division right now, sometimes judging these shows feel like it comes down to who timed the best. And from where I'm sitting, it looks like the time could be now for better and stand out to Nell Rodriguez, according to my sources, Rodriguez and his camp are in the process of reloading the chamber to take another shot at clenching their third straight Olympia birth. Over the last month or so we've seen Rodriguez put together a handful of top six finishes, including the top three finishing pulled off down at the next go super show, where he's probably at his all-time best. So as long as he treats his body right and doesn't try to do anything crazy, I can see a scenario where he ends up qualifying on point by the time September finally rolls around. A few weeks ago LeBron James almost broke the internet. When he single-handedly shifted the balance of power in the NBA, when he's styling with the LA-akers, and based on what I've seen from her lately it looks like third year figure star, Melissa Bumstedt might be trying to shake some things up at her own right. Two weeks after she put on another clinic where their fourth place finished up at the Vancouver Pro, Bumstedt and her crew don't seem like they're showing any signs of slowing down. Rumor has it that she might be planning to hit the LA Pro this weekend, where I think she'd come in as a lot to settle somewhere in the top three. And if you're a fan of the figure division, you can't help but love that long-lead, almost statuesque look that she has as she gets it all clicking. What would take is a few minor adjustments for her to come in and basically cruise to a win, there in LA to really help build some momentum for this next phase of her season. And that does it the yet another edition of Muscle in the morning. On-date, Palombo reminding you to always be true to your passions, and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Thank you.