Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Food Expo, there's 30 year in a row, and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry. It's a low-car hot tart, we've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love this show. This is our best place to be in LA. I'm Dave Palombo, founder of Species Nutrition. I created Species Nutrition with one mission in mind to provide body builders and serious athletes with no nonsense supplements that work and are backed by science. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body, and that lives on in the Species Nutrition line of products, we use only top of the line formulations, toast from maximum results, and the best flavoring systems available. I've put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition products. If you want to be your absolute best, join the evolution. Welcome back to Live with Brought to You by Species Nutrition. I'm Dave Palombo, and today we have a very special guest. I've been so excited to get him on this show. As far as I know, he's probably the shortest bodybuilding ever-wint in overall title in both classic physique and men's open bodybuilding on the NPC amateur level. Of course, the guy I'm talking about, you guys have probably heard me mentioned in before. Hector Gabriel Amazor, here with his two trainers, Tomo, Marsha. A lot of it and our good friend Andrew Makata. Welcome, guys. Thank you, Dave. Thank you. Amazing. Amazing. That's the only that can say, because your foot, not five foot, four foot, five inches tall. This is your first bodybuilding show ever, and you won't only men's open bodybuilding overall, but classic. How'd you do it? Where'd you come from? No, she's good. Well, I didn't know how well within, the only thing I could say turned hard in a well-fired structure for my goals. The back, when I first started, bodybuilding, I had a lot of good for all school, I get good for this one, be a peer, I don't know such an angle, but I don't know how those people are doing. They're all sweaty side, they're sitting in the fridge, and when I get myself defined as a... There we go. We lost you for a second. We lost you for a second. All right, let me take you back a little bit. 10 years ago, you started bodybuilding, which we were 14 years old. Now, you were given a diagnosis by the doctors that basically, you were going to be in a wheelchair your whole life. What? Explain to our audience exactly what your medical condition is. You have a lack of growth hormone in your body. Why are you so short first on what? And then what was the diagnosis that led them to tell you that you wouldn't walk? The last one, my disease dysplasticale, is one of the senior born, they know growth property, the reforms, the serious curiosity, as opposed to no access. I think on part of most of the people, I'm Puerto Rico, but then the doctor and Puerto go to the same high-end diagnostic. This is like a crisis. So if I manage to say how I draw something like a day walk and don't have, you know, cure up. So as my mom, also they want to be a serious, for my school, I see my next, they have cords. And a lot of people left me to enroll in the school, they made a picture of the school. And I have a teacher, looking at the 14th of a school. It was very hard for me, very hard for Braucala, Rose, and my mom, one also to do surgery. So I started reading, and you, on books, and you, to comment, how can I exercise for medicine, how I can start, you know, make my mom so strong as I can protect my bones. And then by the week, week time, I do it also exercise. I get stronger stronger. So how did NASA, what I am right now? So you have a dysplasia? I have a lot of your bones. We're actually, they call a brittle bone syndrome. Like, the person who you can fall down and your bones can break, right? That brittle? Yeah. So they were afraid that if you exercise, it sports that you were going to, you were going to basically be breaking bones and, and, and, and full of parts, actually. Yes, I can. Yeah. And you said, I'm not going to take this diagnosis. I'm going to go out and I'm going to start strengthening my body. Yeah, I remember when I started, I started with, well, plastic, both of those go gene, then you might put $20. Right. All right. So we pulled your heart right in the back. A lot of people have made a loss in the school. You want to do a body-in-in-champ. How tall would you? How tall were you at 14? Well, 14. Wow. That was a close, probably. Four feet, four foot. Yeah, four foot. That's it. Wow. That's crazy. Now, um, did you, along the way during this 10 year journey to where you got to now, which you looked amazing, by the way. Did you, did you injure yourself? Did you break any bones? Did you have any injuries along the way? No, because I've been trying to do, I've been trying to do the right thing. Me want to do the exercise. Um, this is pretty much my son. When I do it, because I wanted to tell me that. I don't want to get injured. But by the time, yeah, sometimes I feel so pale, but never, I have injured people. No, no. It's interesting because a lot of guys that are short, you know, like you below five feet tall, you have weird proportion like that, you know, sometimes their upper body is big and they have short legs or their arms and not long enough. You're like perfectly symmetrical. Is that like just five year walk or, I mean, is that just good genetics? What do you think that's the tributable to? I don't know. I hope that you said that, um, the, the medical kind of because I don't want to be here, as a whole, like say, running moisture. No, my head needs to say, yes, I don't like a boat getting the only play play stage or, and that's it. But that's what I can say. I don't, I don't have a explanation for that. And when you went back to the doctor after they gave it his diagnosis, and you started as you starting to increase and get stronger and stronger, um, what, what's the doctor thinking about all this during this time? Is he, is he telling you keep doing what you do? I don't want to see you think you say it, does he tell you like you're crazy? What you doing? Like, um, like, well, this only they say, then I'll explain, like, explanation, what happened to me? Well, it's crazy. This, uh, is all good friend there with, uh, Angel of the Batin, uh, backstage, and, and there on their knees, and, and there, that's the same height as you. That's amazing. That's what you had us, oh my, that's the one thing. Now, when, when you went, I see, you, you, obviously you set up, this is a hit as a good, I want to see those cuts, this is a great picture. It's just to give people an idea of, um, of what you guys, what you look like next to the other competitors. Now, when you're backstage pumping up, all right, get ready to go on stage, and you'll look at it, and that's all these guys, and you're, this, by far, this, the shortest guy after. No one's even close to you. Do you have any inkling in your mind that you have a chance at winning this show? Well, like, uh, my friends and tell me, um, I put in my, uh, I go to do my best then. I got to do well. And when I train say, whatever it takes, I want to win, right? And whatever it takes, I want to win, I want to go to the station. Yeah, I don't hesitate to tell you, I just focus on my, when I pop in backstage, um, pop with what I have to do. Again, I said, this is my game. So, not joy. I actually have to, I want to play some people in my house. I want to play something, you know, I don't know how to feel the wind, show my memory, my comfort for being the first, the smallest body, being to be a problem one day. But what, what do I do, I want to be a, you won the overall, all you got to do is win the Bannerway class in the national, and you're probably by far, what did you weigh on stage at four foot. Why? Why? You could, you could do the women's library class and still make the way classes crazy. Andrew, when, when you train this guy, what kind of way to see you's in the gym? If I tell him that, believe, I told him, I told him, I started to everybody, one day I was been chest and he asked me, go, you can help me get, I'm doing shoulders, sure. So, I walk in the extra hand and he has an 80 pound dumbbell at the floor. And I'm looking, I'm getting very nervous because I hope I'm thinking to myself, please, don't try to show off. Don't hurt yourself now. And he gave me one of your cards, that's it. So I put the weight in his, in his legs and he basically curl 80 pound dumbbells. And he's a, I got it. He pushed 12 reps with 80 pound dumbbells with them. Wow. I don't even know what to say. Because that's like having one of himself in each hand almost. Yes, yes. And the other day he's in the video, he's a squatty. 315-480-435-4300 reps. I'm like, don't do this again. You show you that pretty bone syndrome? I think they've decided no if there's something. I know. I know. Definitely. That's incredible. I see this. Wait until you go, Caesar. Don't do 45 anymore. He's, he's, he's, he's, he's, he's training the way he likes to use a lot of reps, a lot of volume. He's simply similar to me. He doesn't even know who me loses. But he's very similar to him. He jumped on the gym. He jumped on the machine. He goes to the gym at the time. There's nobody there. He jumped with squatty, squatty, squatty. Yeah. He's like, and I think in the way he's safe. You know, you got good genetics. I could get you in real life. You thought you got, you thought you got, dealt the bad hand, and then when you actually went to the gym, you realized you had a good hand, actually. Yes, yes, yes. Yeah, he's amazing. Like the way he leaves the gym. Yeah, I don't know. I don't know. He's a body of stop just so you can believe me. Because I don't believe. You know? I love this picture, by the way. With Brandon Curry, Mr. Olympus. My favorite picture. He looks like you make Brandon Curry look like Shikiela Niel. And now he's a little bit emotional. Yeah, he's actually five thin. I don't know. Who's the, who do you think was that was the tallest Mr. Olympus? Arnold? I guess? I think so. We gotta get him a picture with Arnold, right? Wouldn't that be great? I don't know. If you have a picture. That's the plan. That's my goal to be. Yeah. I have to be both. I've got to give it a chance. Yeah. The end of class, the future with him. Right. That's right. The end of the year. What's the next show? You guys going to go to nationals? I mean, you might as well, right? Or USA or whatever. Yeah. You can't go ahead. You can't go ahead. You can't go ahead. Because I mean, he's just kind of win the Man-of-Wake class. Although, I mean, those guys are going to be obviously better than the probably the guys he went up against in Tampa, but you know, especially with this crazy COVID year we got going on here. No. No, Tomo, what's going on with the gym? You guys, the gym's open? No problem? The gym's are open here. We got no problem. That's where I met a movie a week before the tank approach. That's where we were going to start. You know, what's the spy or rejuvenation clinic? Give us a little. That's my clinic. It's a clinic that deals in home and replacement therapy. We do have the aging medical health structure. Yeah. We're here in Orlando. I've been a little in a Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. And we're going to be expanding out to more of the country as we go through hopefully away from COVID. Yeah. Are you sponsoring a. Pacta? Yes. So I met him only a week before the Tampa Crow. And they were asking for a sponsorship, you know, a little further out. And let's take a photo. Yeah. So for the state and they were looking for a small sponsorship. Somebody to cover his costs. And when I saw him, you know, because they told me, you know, there you little guy. Yeah. And I'm thinking in my head, same thing you probably, most people thought the relationship with the people. Yeah. And I was wondering if the people were going to be looking for a portion of the office. Okay. You know, I mean, so I'm here's under five feet. I'm like, I'm like, I'm a portion is going to be off. It's going to look a little funny. Maybe. But let's see what he has. And the guy puts a pose and routine on. And I was unbelievable. I'm looking at him. I'm like, you just post better than 90% of the body builders. I've seen on stage. I pro shows the last 10 years. Who the. Who taught you how to pose a. Who taught you how to pose? I'm going to do it. Well, I did you work in Seattle. Did someone sit down and teach you? Oh, teach me. Well, nobody. I just looking at a big video. Tutoria. Wow. Both parties. I saw some of the party in the brother. Look at this shot. I have up on the screen. This is an amazing shot. How big is your waist? Like like 15 inches. I don't know what I'm going to make. I'm going to make you a star now. We did the bed. Yeah. His waist looks like it's the price of some guys thighs. I mean, probably more than guys thighs. I do a lot of fasting. I'm asking. And I'm going to exercise. I'm going to put my quams on like a twist. All school exercises like for my chair. But I think my back in. How big your arms? What? How big are your arms? I don't know. I don't know. I've never been to a match. I've never been to a match. I've never been to a match. I've never been to a match. I've never been to a match. I've never been to a match. 13 inch arms. I knew it was like a 27 inch arm and like a six foot guy. No, no, no. Did you ask me? I actually want to pick a match. Yeah, you got to do. We had to do measurements in this guy. I know. It's funny because my I have a good friend of mine. Then he brass guy. I don't know if you don't know him. He's about a small guy body builder. And he's he just got in the Guinness Booker of Records. He's four foot one. But you might be the first guy ever to get your pro card under five feet. Or maybe not Marvin Ward is probably four eleven. But four eleven four four foot five is a big difference. That's seven inches. Unbelievable. So we'll see him. And what? And Nationals in Miami? Yeah, that's the plan. That's the plan. Yeah, yeah. We asked the judges. You got to sit back if you should take that off. They talk off to the baby USA. And the judges told me it's all about definitely not. I want to see him in Nationals. Okay. That's the only one. Now, what do your parents think about this? Active. Name? Well, you're parents. My parents? Oh, my parents. They give me a lot of support. I say my mom. I always with me or my process. And then before. They so happy to. To my mind and control. Did they think you were crazy when you first started? Yeah. But not not not believe them. Not believe them. Yeah. Yeah. But they're giving you. I'm treating a lot of food. But they're okay with buying you all that food. You're eating it on the protein. When I say I eat a lot of, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. That's what I'm going to teach him. That's the tip of the river. So that's why I know the time. You're pretty good. For example, everything is right. I mean. There you go. I was going to ask you. You a big meat eater or chicken and you'd appreciate what you're protein source of choice. I like to get in with my own. I also fish from Montsey. Not to Monte Lafa, but sometimes when I have to do that, I do a full effort. He's very, very fine. He's very much the butcher life in junior. Please, go. Don't put your life here. It's a dirty fish. It's a dirty fish. There are taste care on the river. He's very, very, very much the butcher life. I have no idea. I have no idea. That's you. I imagine you know, he probably has to eat a lot less food than like a bigger competitor would. What's a typical like protein portion and like car portion for for Hector is opposed to like, you know, someone like, you know, who's five foot ten and three hundred pound. And then I'm going to say, sorry, I'm not necessarily. That's how training him. He has some some people. This someone gave it to him was was real bad. He went 38 pounds and I started doing his diets and training. They're going to do give him a lot more rest. He's going to be less. No, don't damage your rest. He trained straight to the vegetables. I'd be dead. Oh, really? Yes. You have no idea. You want to be dead? Yeah. But of course, if I don't train somebody is going to be training somewhere. I said, no, you're fine. Yeah. But I started just by any food to his diet. He went from 98 to 98 pounds to a 20. Wow. He was dieting. I'm feeling him walking forward. Right. He's going to wait. One thing. Well, he was over training is what you're saying is that that was the thing. And by the portion, he did a six houses. Wow. That's not a friend. Yeah, I tried to go more, but he shoots to blow it. Yeah, I don't like it. Yeah. Six is a good number. Yeah. He's probably doubling his weight and protein probably. I'm sure. I'm just because I'm a person. Yeah. I put the number together. I'm trying to get the chew up. And the syrui belief. Right. And it works well for him. You know, it did cost. Six times a day, is he? Yes. Six times six ounces. All right. Here's the question that everyone wants to know. No one cares about the body. Yeah. I want to know when you're four foot fought and you got a physique like Flex Wheeler. Okay. What kind of women do you track? Tall women, short women. What's what's your type? I don't really write on. What do you want to have for me? He'll take it more. No, seriously. No, you like tall women? Do you like short women? I've been with somebody. Go with my hand. Hand by hand. We made a bad thing. Your process. My love. Give me support. So in this for because I don't want somebody. I don't give me support. I love this. Right. And the right thing. A lot of competitors out there. I work with some girls that are on the 5 feet tall. I mean, with that piece, something. I mean, you can. If you can date a girl who's like six foot. You can be like. You can be like. I can. People can think you're a kid. You know, but. I'm trying to get your date. Heck, come on. Give me some information here. I'm trying to get my dark hair like there. Or we can live in a time. Do you like Spanish? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't think. I. Anywhat is interesting can contact you. Now you have a great. YouTube. I made an Instagram account. I'll pull that up on the screen. Yes, people would see it. It's Hector motivation. And I like that because we wanted to see motivated. I've seen motivated a lot of people. Now, here's the question. When you do nationals, I see. This is, I didn't even see this picture. This is a great picture because you were very emotional. This is when you won. Yeah. Yeah. What, what you, what you, what you, what you crying. Well, I have to say both. I say thank you. I cry because I, I couldn't believe it. I didn't really, I couldn't believe it. I, I, they, or I. I tried to. I'm cry cried when I saw it. And I was not even up there with you. I was crying. Oh, congratulations, man. You overcame the odds. Even if you don't ever do an up the bodybuilding show, which we know you will, you beat the odds already. My friend. You should be proud. Yeah, I'm proud of all your, your helpers there and trainers. And because you know what, it was a team effort. And you guys, you guys, you guys kick butt. Now, here's the question. You do a nationals. Are you going to do classic physique or you're going to do men's body building? What do you go say? Well, for those of both. Can you do both in assials? I hope so. I thought you could. I don't, I think they were before I don't know if you can now. I don't know if you can. Yeah, they always make, they're always changing the rules. I don't see why you can. But you know what, they don't let you do both in pros. You have to pick one and the other. I don't know why. Body building for short. Yeah, it's going to be important if we have to pick one. Body building. We're going to go back to the way body building. You think that would be the case because it's been a way. But you know what, he looks so good in, in classic, too. He's got a classic physique. It's almost like, well, you know, the only promise he might be too much shorter than the shortest class guys, right? And I think I think the, I think it's, it's weird. It's weird sound because it is. I think the lineups are deeper in classic physique now. You're probably, unfortunately, you're probably right. Yeah. Then they are audio building. So actually, in those lower class levels, yeah. The lighter classes. We, without, we don't respect anybody. I'll let it do the research for the national, USC, North America. And I see a lot of those bunkers with you guys for a second. They all look great. But I think he got a better chance. They got their proportion is not as good as this because a lot of those guys are too full. Here's the question now. Here's the question. On the height wage charge because for those of you know, in classic physique for you, given height, you can only weigh so much. Do they even go down to four foot five? No. So what's his plan? They stopped at four eleven. I think there's a shortest. I saw that any chart. And what, and what's the weight for that? I don't want to fight something. I think it was one thirty seven or something like that. It doesn't sound like the proportions are corrected that lower. I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I probably, probably no one was mathematically gifted enough to figure it out. I don't want to think. I thought it would relevant because you know, who, who's going to do these? They've been falsified one or four. He looks like what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, you guys, what's amazing. Yeah. Yeah. Well, the factor congratulations on the big, the two big wins, I should say. And the qualification for nationals and I'm looking forward to seeing you at that Miami Nationals and hopefully winning your pro card at the young age of twenty four and overcoming all the odds and having a tremendous tremendous story to tell. Thank you for sharing with us. No, thank you for your talking. We're doing a interview. It's all for Asia. Thank you. I'm here. Absolutely. And for all of us here at our Ex muscle on Dave Palombo with Hector Gabriel. I'm a Thor for live with. We'll see you next time.