Welcome back to RX Muscles Spotlight on Dave Palombo. And today's guest is a very special one I'm going to tell you why because I met her back in the 1990s. I used to compete with her in the same shows. I actually started as a coach. Together we actually won the 1996 NPC Junior National Women's Body Building Overalls. She placed at the USA after that and then got hurt a little bit. Life happened. She had a family. We're going to hear all about it. And she's back at a 50 years old. She earned her IFVV Procard. The one I'm talking about is my good friend, Donna Sterling. Welcome to the show. Hi Dave. Hey Donna. I call you missing or missing credible because what you went through how long it took you. I have to take three hats off to you because it's a miracle. I'll take them all. That you were really big into body building and the whole scene back in the 90s as we all were. You compete on a local level. You moved up very fast to the national level. You did really well. Very quickly you had to look. You were very pretty. The great shape on stage. Your conditioning was awesome. When you were in that stage of your life, what was body building? That was pretty much the thing you lived for. I loved it. I remember seeing Corey Everson the first time and that was it. I wanted to look just like her. I thought she had everything. I got into the fitness world. I started working in it, doing aerobics, being a personal trainer, got into lifting weights, started to meet everybody in the body building world. In fact, then it was a tight family like new everybody. It was really nice. And to this day not to jump where I had fast, I still see the same people. So it's nice. That's funny. It's funny because you know, Westchester area was really hot for body building back in the 90s. Really, you really good body balls that came out of that area. And the shows were super competitive. If you could place in that New York area at a regional show in your class, you were almost guaranteed to go to a national show, at least at the junior national level and do well because that's where the best competitors were coming around that time. And so, you know, women's body, people don't realize when you were competing women's body building, there were no other divisions at that point. I don't even think fitness come around, right? I think fitness just started because on the cover of the NPC magazine, it's me, the men's winner and then there's a fitness winner. So just coming out. Right. I think it was like one or two years old or something like that. So like I mean, if you wanted to pose and you wanted to hit, it was no women's physique. It was no figure at that point. If you couldn't do a routine, you weren't doing any words to a body you weren't competing. So that's really what it amounts it's now. At some point, you know, you had the potential obviously to go pro after you won that junior in that junior essay title and you placed at the USA, what went on in your life, tell us what stole the career so to speak and stopped it because you guys got out of that for a while. We were really tight, we were hanging out all the time and then you also kind of moved away from body building. What was the moment that did that? Well, I remember I was practicing my posing routine for the nationals. And I went from a transition movement and my knee cap slipped over to the back of my knee and that was it. So the doctor told me I never would compete again. I didn't know he said that. I was like, okay, that sucks. And I started a family. I had my triplets, triplets, two boys in a girl. So I do everything big. Now, let me ask you, I asked you, I don't think I've ever asked you this. When you did the, when you had the triplets, was that like just randomly occurring? What were you doing for telly or I made that? No, I had to do IVF. Okay. But I'll tell you one thing, besides the IVF part, I mean, that's a whole story in itself. My body building career helped me with being pregnant with triplets. Like the whole routine and you have to feed yourself and you have to do this and you have to do that. We're up right and swept away into it. Yeah, there's a reason we just put it through a shot up there if you're an IVF. No, I had to do IVF. Why I don't know. But we weren't looking for triplets. We were looking for just one. Right. So we got lucky. We got three. Did you, they implanted three new, because I know usually they implanted couple just in case some don't make it, right? How does that work? Well, I went through the whole, I went from flow myths from them trying the least amount of work that they needed to do with me all the way up to IVF and I went through two rounds. This was my third and last round. Oh, wow. And two rounds didn't take. So they did the last round they put four in, you know, just hoping one would take. Sure. And I was lucky three took. And now they just graduated high school, right? They just graduated high school. Sick. My, no, what sick is my door to once to compete? That's right. You tell me that. Yeah, that's awesome. I think you're going to be like with me forever. Another generation, I got to work on it. It's like Star Trek, the next generation. The thing that was amazing, because I remember when you hearing that you had to triplets because we kind of lost touch. And here they are, 18 years old. It's like, it's like a blink of an eye almost, you know? It is a blink of an eye. They're 18 and oh my gosh, driving, doing everything. And I don't even want to get into that. The whole, I got millions of stories to say. I'm sure. Now, did you stop competing? Or did you just kind of tone it down a little bit? What were you doing during that time period? I stopped competing. I was just working doing my personal training, but very little bit, because I was going to people's homes and staying home, taking care of my kids. So when they got into, I think, middle school, I was walking in my neighborhood and I banged into a friend of mine. And she was like, oh, I'm turning 50. She said, now I get to relax and I'll have to worry. And that just got that bugged in me. I was like, you're relaxed. Well, how are you going to be relaxed when you're 50? You know, your life is just starting. And I wanted to compete just to try to inspire women, 50 and over. Don't give up. Don't give up. So when did you realize that your knee really was functional again? Do you think all that time off, let it heal? Is that what happened? You know what? I'm not sure. There was one Christmas Eve. My son was sitting on my lap. And he just moved a little bit and I felt the whole thing. She started to shift. Yeah. So I don't know. I don't know if it's healed, where we'll never do it again. I just think working out and keeping the muscle on, it's just keeping it. I think it was just the freak accident as what happened. And I think it just, you dislocated it. And maybe because you have loose joints. And then I think with the more muscle you have, you would think it would keep that knee tight in that knee, the patella tighter. Well, that's what the doctor and doctors don't always know what they're talking about. Sorry if there's any doctors out there. But he said my muscle was so strong that when I went to move into the other position, it held my knee while my whole leg moved. Oh, I see. So it was a freak accident. I don't know. It was a freak accident. So freak accident. So what point, how many years ago now was it that you started this comeback when you contacted me? Was it like five years ago? Five years ago. Okay. So your kids, I mean, yeah. So you basically were out of it for like 15 years? Yep. That's a long time. And how hard? It's a long time. How hard was it to get back into? I really did. Yeah. Oh, not hard at all. Well, I love it. All right. Were you really sore when you first started? It made it feel good. Yeah. What? Were you really really sore when you first started back in the gym? And were you like starting over again? Yeah. Yeah. Very sore. But you know, that happened. That happened after COVID when everything opened up. That very sore again. But I just love it so much that it feels good. Yeah. Even soreness. When you first started sending me pictures, when you first started working together again, I think it was like I said five years ago, you didn't have any muscle. It was amazing. You lost a lot of muscle. And you wanted to do figure. And I said, all right, whatever, you know, look, I'm friends with Don. I'm going to do whatever she wants to do. We'll help her out. But in the back of my head, I knew that you could get the muscle back. And I was hoping that you would want to. I didn't know if you wanted to because you were dead set on figure. Matter of fact, once you did add back a lot of the muscle, I said, all right, we're doing women's physique now. And you were like, it's a last minute. Like you change your mind. I'm doing figure. And then you get deterable. And then you'd be like, I don't know why I didn't listen to you, you know. But was it a fact that you didn't think you had enough muscle? Because you were comparing yourself to back in the 90s? Yeah, I never feel big enough. I always feel like small. I remember that show. You told me to do physique. I was like, there's no way. I can't. I'm not big enough. I did figure. Everybody, everybody in that show said, you know, if you did physique, you would have won. I was like, OK, OK. I got it. Dave was right. I was wrong. Got it. Yeah. I was the year you finally. And I can almost say, I think you might have been better this year than you ever were in your entire career. I think you finally added back to muscle plus extra muscle. And I think you were bigger this year than when you first, when you were actually competing, you know, in your back in the 90s, which is amazing. Because people think you can't make progress at 50, like you said. But you really can if you really put your mind to it. You can. And I mean, not to say I don't listen to you. Well, this time I fully listen to you. I used all the species products. OK. And that's like the only change. And I really think that helps. You know, I think that just helped my body recover. Build, it helped to do whatever it needs to do. Those fat burners or my God, I was sweating like a dog. So I think everything that really pulled everything together. I think you really mentally were ready to do it, too. I think you felt very confident in yourself this year. I noticed that in the updates and stuff like that. And your body responded better. Your legs were absolutely the best that I've ever seen them. And really, the reason I wanted to do this interview is because it's a testament that, no matter what happens in your life and you got COVID and all the other craziness we can go through. But it doesn't even matter. You overcame all the obstacles and you found the way to win. And you know what? I tell people true champions don't complain about, oh, I hurt this. I injured that. This happened. My grandmother thought they find a way to win. No matter what. Dorian Yates was a master at that. And that's what makes a champion. And you did that. You were able to overcome it. It took you 25 years to get back to the stage. And then even with all the stuff that was thrown your way, you know, your marriage ending and all the other stuff that went on, you found a way to win. And now you're an IFBB pro. I mean, it's got to feel amazing to have that validation. It feels amazing. I can't wait to compete again. So you definitely want to compete as a pro. I have like really big goals. Now, here's a question. I want to throw a wing right here because we were kidding around about it. But body building was your roots. That's where you came from. I mean, I always felt that if they had had women's physique back in the 90s, you would have been a champion for sure. Because that was your look. Would you ever want to do women's body believing in? Do you feel comfortable in this new division? That's so funny. You said it. So my goal for this offseason that I'm starting is I want to try to put it on as much muscle as I can. So I would like to do body building because it seems like body building is going in and out in and out. I don't know. I want to see if I can, I don't know, maybe do something, bring it back. There's a lot of older competitors that seem like they're coming back and they look fantastic. So I mean, they should drop the ages and just let us all compete. I think that's what I think. I think, you know, I mean, I mean, you could, everyone can compete in the open anyway. But I guess they do the master's divisions in some of these shows to give people who turn pro as a master a place to go if they don't feel that they're able to compete with the open people. A lot of people in the reals, you're still getting better. And I think that's what's inspiring you because now that your kids are graduated, you've done your job. You've graduated essentially. Now you have more time for yourself a little bit, right? I would assume. Can you imagine? I can't imagine. Well, I need this a little bit more time in my day. I got three kids in there and I'm just starting still. You're done. So I got another 15, 20 years of hard training. It goes like that. It goes so fast. The difference is that when I'm done, you and I will both be 80. Yes, we'll both be 80 and I'll be like, you can help me. You're still decommating. How many in a wheelchair? Donna, I wanted to say I'm so proud of you and I'm so happy that you were able to get this pro-card after all these years. It really is a pleasure to always know you as a friend and to continue working with you, you're stuck with me as long as you want me. And I think we're going to do some great things next year. Dave, all I can say is thank you. You're the best. Oh, wait. Always the best. Thank you. And when you do it as ready, we'll get her on say, hopefully she could be misalipia. We don't want to, we're not taking any 25 year gaps in her training. No, no, no, she's working hard. All right, well, once again, this is one of those interviews I love to do because I love to show success stories and I've been waiting for Donna to finally get a pro-card so I can interview her and showcase what she got through. But if you guys are sitting there in your chair and you're saying, I can't do this, I have too much going on in my life. I have kids, I have job, I have to find a way. I'm being spying the way to win Donna found a way to win and Donna Sterling is a new IFB pro. I'm Dave Palombo with an R-X muscle spotlight.