Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X-Motor 30 year in a row and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry with a low-car cocktail. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning on Dave Palombo and today is Friday, August 28th, 2020 and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. I'm starting to learn that social media can be a real confidence killer if you happen to scroll past the wrong video before you hit the gym, especially if James Hollings head is the man on the other side of the screen. A few days ago I came across a video of James that made me stop dead in my tracks when I saw him rip 705 pound deadlift off the floor for eight clean reps. All things considered numbers like these have to put James in the world strong as bodybuilder conversation with guys like a cameo aimbs and whoever else you want to toss into that mix. But for me it's the way these used this style of training to transform himself into a really high level pro that makes it even more special. I've said it a million times before if it ain't broke don't fix it. This weekend's Savannah Pro already looks like it's shaping up to be a good one on paper. So if you're a betting man and you're still in the market for a dark horse candidate in classic physique, Tony Tavaris might be your guy. Tavaris is a former universe overall champ who's actually making his pro debut in Savannah this weekend and so far he and his team have been pretty bullish about how they think he stacks up. Now to his credit Tavaris has done a lot of work to make improvements over the last 12 months. And it looks like he'll be in great shape coming in here. The classic physique is full of monsters and it might be a tall order for a rookie to come out and slay some of these beasts right from the jump. Speaking of monsters in Savannah, one of the biggest threats in that classic physique lineup we were just talking about is Jonathan Hamburg who looks like he might be ready for war. On Monday we saw Jonathan release some of his final updates before this weekend's contest. And one of the things that really jumped out to me was how much his conditioning is tightened up over the last few weeks as soon as we started to get back into the flow of the contest season. Jonathan was one of the few athletes who I saw that was ready to jump at every opportunity he could. So it's no surprise that he's dialed in for Savannah. And if you look at this line of on paper, it feels like Jonathan will be right up there with divine Wilson battling it out for the win. In sports like boxing and MMA fighters stay in shape all year round because they never know when their phone might ring with a once in a lifetime opportunity. And that's one of the things that I love about combat sports. They require you to be the best version of yourself 24 seven. And there's no room for excuses or to put it in the figure division terms. Forces you to walk around like a vina of vusic this week. I've got a released new progress photos where we see her clearly looking like she's ready to start working the way through the early phases of her prep for a lot of people. These photos just underscore her commitment to adopting that MMA 24 seven mentality. So whenever that next opportunity does come knocking, you know that she'll be ready to answer the call. And that does it the end another edition of muscle in the morning. On day polimbo reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.