I'm Dave Palombo, founder of Species Nutrition. I created Species Nutrition with one mission in mind. To provide body builders and serious athletes with no nonsens supplements that work and are backed by science. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body. And that lives on in the Species Nutrition line of products. We use only top of the line formulations, toast for maximum results and the best flavoring systems available. I've put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition products. If you want to be your absolute best, join the evolution. Welcome back to Live With Brought to You By Species Nutrition. I'm Dave Palombo and today's guest is our 1992 USA Lightweight Champion. It's got some story to tell us here today. I want to welcome Joe Tracoli to his show. How's it going? Dave? Thank you, brother. Thank you, man. I'm a pleasure. Absolutely. It's been a long time. I remember when I was just starting to really read the magazine to start to compete. I remember seeing that layout. I think Flex Magazine had a big layout on the USA championships. And you were in there as the winner. Mercury Clairborn, who just recently died, we'll talk about him in a second. And Danny Hester, the first classic physique Olympic champion, was actually third in that show. Tell you how long he's been competing. You're great, Danny Hester. Yes, absolutely. He looked good, Danny. He knew he was going to go somewhere. He had a beautiful body back then. You know, Mason, when you were competing, bodybuilding was like a big deal. There was no other divisions. It was all about bodybuilding. And ESPN would cover the shows. You know, I remember seeing you. I think it was like American muscle magazine featured or something like that. The show. You got like a little pro star profile. You remember you were with a fire department at the time. They showed you, you know, with your uniform and driving the truck and everything like that. It had to be like a highlight of your life back then, huh? It was so much going on in my life. I had just gone through a divorce. And yeah, it was a nice positive thing as a time. I had gone through a divorce. And when I always found that I try to turn negative times into a positive. And it really reinforced my attempt to bring out something positive. So I really put 100% into it. And having that video kind of validated at the time that really was a game. You have a little attention for the people at the fire department who, they were always seeing what kind of fanatic I was. So that kind of validated and theorized that hey, this guy can do something. Right, right. And we have some stuff we're going to put up on my video. I've put up while we're talking about this and showing you what kind of shape you're in. And I mean, at the time, you know, conditioning wasn't what it is to that. I mean, some of the guys got better and better obviously, I progressed to the 90s. But you were one of the guys that I got really, really ripped on stage. And I think that you will kind of like the embodiment of what we say, conditioning when shows, because you probably be guys with better genetics than you. But you outwork them and you were like, uh, you didn't leave any stone unturned. So to speak. I put 10 to 12 hours a day into that for a full year train from that one specific conference. It was actually two full years. I had kind of like fourth and fifth at the 1990 nationals. And as a matter of fact, I lost a mercury moor, it's played one night. You all year. And I just put everything into it for two years, because being at the time natural, a few remember Dave, 80, began a span where they were testing. Right. And 80 and 90. And I didn't know that 92, they were going to go back to enhanced. And so I was like, stupid me goes into this thing. What I did do with the very end is I had to take a diuretic because I couldn't make way. Right. I simply couldn't make way. But up to that point, I had been, you know, one hundred percent natural. So you didn't take 80 out of all its terrorism at all? That's zero. Zero. I took some worse because it's a long story, but taking those diuretics, I blew up 30 pounds in a lesser than a week. Oh, everyone had that first band experience with diuretics. No one knows what happens when you stop taking it. You guys didn't go the other direction. But you know, back then, you know, guys, you know, you were passing drug tests, but they weren't natural. You know what I mean? You weren't using drugs at all. What you're telling me? No, no, not at all. As a matter of fact, I was so fearful of doing it for four weeks. God used to deliver our supplements to the gym, I used to run goals gym. And I took, I knew you'd take supplements. I was afraid of taking the motorolvitis. So for four weeks, I took them from the six week mark out to two weeks. I said, I can't take a chance. Right. And I stopped at two weeks out from the show for fear of what it was going to be. Would they really drug testing you guys? Did you have to give urine samples and everything? Absolutely. And you know what the funny thing is? It was arbitrary. They would pick like three or four from each weight class. Right. Because back then, you had to take the drug test also to qualify to go to the universe. Right. And so they'd walk you. They would go through the chain of custody seal it, sign it like you would normally. Right. And I was always one may pick because they knew I was married. Oh, I see. They purposely picked. Of course, of course. Now, what a lot of people don't realize is back then when you won you class at the USA, it didn't mean you got a pro card. They only gave it the overall win in the pro card. You could apply for a pro card. But most of the time they didn't give you one of you in the lighter way classes, you would have to win the nationals. Right. Exactly. But that year, a side story real quickly, is mercury according to him and confided in my wife and I that waned to me, he promised him that because they had just come off the span of tested competitions, they needed to enhance the competition by having some big names in it. Right. So it said, if he went in and won the lightweight, he would automatically get his pro card win promised. This is what mercury told me. So I mean, that's who he is. So you basically ruined that party for him. Honestly, as I look back now, I'm kind of really twice over sad for him. Because I know that devastated, that loss was something that he never got over. He really thought, and for good reason, I was a nobody. Right. I was a nobody. And he really anticipated he was going to win. He was telling my wife and I, he had got relatively close. I mean, we went out, but we got relatively close. And he told me that he fully anticipated winning. We really didn't know inside of me. I was quiet and home. Yeah, yeah, you were invited to beat him. And finally, this fire was burning and every time he spoke, you didn't know what he did to me. Yeah, yeah. It did, it arranged me to do more squats. But I heard he was a big motorcycle enthusiast out there in California, John Ramon, a Tommy. He was always riding speed mics in all the place, you know? Yeah, he got pulled over. As a matter of fact, he sent me an article that was in the newspaper. He got pulled over arrested because of driving. He would drive on the freeways and the canons. And he knew what he was doing on a bike, though. He did. He definitely did. Now, he died recently. Do we know what a quote with the cause of death was? I'm sure it was a result of being a quadriplegic, he hadn't spoken in 10 years. Oh, really? Quadriplegic. He was totally fed in everything by his family and... Oh, he had the trust. Yes. Yeah, the stroke 10 years ago, correct. Do we know what caused that? Anybody can speculate, but I don't want to attach something negative. God, I don't know. God, I don't ask the patient. All right. He was a good person. He was like a little many slikes wheeler back in the day. He wasn't it? He was muscular as you can imagine. Every fiber of his body when he moved. It just was, I don't think I took to that point. I never seen anybody that had less body fat. Well, you did, you obviously did because you beat him. Now, when you beat him, you actually had to go into, speak of Flex Wheelet. You had actually posed down with Flex Wheeler in the overall for the 1992 USA championship, huh? That's sadder, yeah, that's true. I did go up there and I did kind of do my best, but it was a four-concomment. Yeah, I know, of course. A lightweight, not going to be the heavyweight, 99% of the time, let alone Flex Wheelet that year, he was unduly. It was devastating that year, yeah, yeah. It was an honor to be next day. As you know, he became French from that. He's a phenomenal person. God, I love that man. He's a good man. He's been through how awesome the last, you know, a couple years here. I mean, think about it. Yeah. Yeah. One of the reasons I say I'm so blessed is I look at, I'm going through myself, some things, but nothing compared to what has gone on. Let's talk about your story because, firstly, you trained at Pembroke Pines Goldschim, where Vince Taylor, that was his home base, and I know you even were training partners with him for a little while, correct? We trained, I wouldn't call us training partners. I would say we did body parts together. Right. I pretty much trained on my own. He Vince always trained on his own, but I was trying to figure out what his secret was. Because you were probably training heavy in you, because Vince lifted very light, right? Oh, Dave, I would beat the living crap out of myself. He ain't coming in there. So, helped me, God. He would do the most unorthodox exercise with a machine, take a back machine, and hold it totally different, and just pump it out. Sit on either, little end to his blueberry pie. That's called genetic. That's called genetic. That's called genetic. That's called genetic. Joe, the funny thing is, you know, Chris Isito used to come down to that Pembroke Pines Goldschim because he would drive his boat, I guess, down from Maine, and he'd park it or where you would dock it right there. And he said, he'd him and Laura used to come in and train at the gym. I'm sure you guys used to see each other, right? Oh, absolutely. Yeah, they're both beautiful people. I've drilled Laura home on many occasions. You know, Chris couldn't make it or had to leave her only. So I don't drive her back to the boat. Yeah, because I've tried to live on the boat, if I go, that's cool. That's funny. They had the light, man. Yeah, yeah, they had the light. Now, let me ask you this question. You worked for the fire department throughout this time. And now, at some point, I think what you told me was 2006, you had there was an accident. What, what, walk us through what happened with the fire department? We had a call early one morning where some guy tried to break into a restaurant. He was hanging his, what other happen was we ended up forcing our way in, getting in there. I guess a police officer, someone had seen some legs dangling from a ceiling. So we broke in and some guys legs were sticking through the shoe, which was hanging over the oven. In the middle of the night with the guy tried to do, was squirm his way down and rob it. And he got stuck. He went away to die. Oh, my god. He went away to die. Well, we didn't know he was dead at the time. So I volunteered to go in there as a paramedic. Right. Felty had no petal pulse on his feet. So I went to lift his legs up to see if I can get some blood flow to his lower body. Right. And in doing so, the fusible link with a chemical tank was, was embedded into his back, but I didn't know that. And as I lifted him, it exploded. It discharged into my face. Oh. And I'm lucky one. He ended up dying. Was he alive? Was he alive when he was hanging there? He was alive for a while, but he ended up dying. He succumbed to. Yeah, he died. Wow. I ended up dragging myself out and held a tremendous amount of chemicals. And over the series of several years, they did testing on me. And they kind of diminished it first. Oh, it's just an infection of your lungs. Yeah. They kept you manned by products and kept thinking, that's what it was. Right. And my, our yearly pulmonary function test, which is mandatory, I started diminishing. I started feeling awful. I started, I just couldn't feel like myself. And as time went on, I just started getting to the point where I was always short of breath. Right. I tried to work that I was always doing the stair master to try to figure maybe I'm just getting old. Yeah. And you know, maybe in stubborn, I only knew the new color way. You went down to more. Sure. And then up over a while, I ended up having, when morning was hot as hell, and it's an August morning. And you were on a call and I ended up having severe dire for recess, I couldn't stop sweating. I was lightheaded, I felt nauseous. Take me to hospital and they kind of say, well, we're not sure what's going on. Except for tomorrow card, I'll just sign up and have an heart attack. Wow. But I did a cath and I was, there was no blockage. But my lung pressure was extremely high. I was very, very high in, it's called pulmonary hypertension. Right. The pressure in my lungs was extremely high to vessels. And so ever since there, I've kind of been on medications. And as time and I'm supposed to be on oxygen 24 hours a day. And I am for the most part, I have pride. So I'm not going to sit here and find you guys with oxygen. But that's one of the reasons I work out my garage now to this day, because I work catheter when I'm working out with nasal cannula. And I don't like to go in front of people and do it. It's like some theatrical thing. So I people always ask me, what's wrong? What's wrong? Right. So my wife and I work out in our garage. Now, you have this diminished lung function. Is this something that's getting progressively worse or has it stabilized? There's a medication that, thank God, I went to a doctor, I'd stabilized to answer questions, exactly. But it's stabilized. I'm on a medication called Rabatio, which is, um, has a sylden of the lid. That's actually what it was at first invented for. But there wasn't a lot of financial back money getting back from the pharmacies who were selling this drug. So he found out it was much more money in the sex business. That was, that's, that's, um, sylice, right? Um, no, no, no, no, no, no, it's it's very accurate. But that's bad. That's bad. Okay, I'm sorry. I always confuse the two different generic drugs. So they give you that. So you have a permanent erection from that, take a minute. Well, if you could notice it, no, it's not. I'm sorry. At first, yes, yeah. When you first start using it, it was chronic. Yeah. My wife and hangar, my wife and hangar tall on her. She was half. You get used to it. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah, your body just gets, it gives you a headache, a flush hearing. Right. Kind of blurry vision. I don't get any of that in. But it's, but it's designed for reducing pulmonary hypertension, hypertension, correct? It dialects to boss vessels. They're, they're by reducing the pressure. Gotcha. Okay. Correct. Correct. So you take that and so everything that kind of was stabilized and then you find out what tell us how you found it the next problem. I continue to go every month to get checked. Right. And I'm under the greatest care. I have to give a shot. I thought you were on filming this stuff or incredible people. It's like family now. But anyway, so they do all kinds of tests and they, and my voice continued to get worse and worse and worse as you complain we hear. And in two years ago, I ended up outing a tumor found in my larynx. It's a fix to my rightful concord. Okay. So went to the University of Miami, which is an amazing facility. And they ended up doing a surgery, which they removed part of it because they thought it looked like what's called rabdo miles or coma, which is a very rare, but very bad form of cancer. It had me go to a oncologist and a bunch of people. And of course, I'm going through that. They found another tumor in my media styron coming down from my thyroid. So they're talking to me about, you know, possible stage four cancer. Right. That's what the conversations were. Are you free? Are you going to stay? I got to stop you. You must be freaking losing your mind at this point. I have to imagine. Yes, and honestly, I felt my wife had lost her father to cancer. So she was freaking out. So somebody had to be in the strength. And I didn't want to present this to my parents either because they're still alive. They're old. Sure. Well, they don't have all their faculties. I didn't want to freak everybody out. My kids. So I kind of, internally, I was not happy. But I said, I was a paramedic for 30 years. They've, everybody that I've treated had something they didn't expect to happen to them. So why not me? You know, I haven't different perspective. Okay. But yeah. So then they removed parvacus. They didn't want me to not be able to speak again. Did a biopsy on. They said it's odds will have to continue to come back. They sent me to a thyroid specialist. So recently eight weeks ago, I had another surgery. I don't know if you could see this scar on my dad. Yeah. Um, you know, they removed the left side of my thyroid because I had a two and we're coming down to my media stionum. Okay. Which is behind the sternum. Do they think this is all linked to this that one gas explosion? Absolutely. Have you ever, can anybody actually put a finger on it? Only God knows what? You think you believe that to be the case? Because the doctor said that. Okay. Every doctor I said, we can see no other reason for this. Because he's at all very unique odd things. And to have the series of them, for a place is very rare. Hmm. Yeah. So they removed parvacus thyroid gland. The tumor that was on the, the last year, party of Volklquord was benign, right? So they're going to keep an eye on that. So right now you're theoretically. Everything's removed. That should be removed at this point, right? The tumor that was, that they were looking for to remove, connected to my left side of my thyroid was in fact benign. But they found another tumor on my left road of my, low of my thyroid. After one after the, the media pathology, they just tested that that one area. And the pathology while I was still in the anesthesia, showed that it was, that it was benign. But over time, they froze it, did, I guess, whatever, a more extensive pathology on it. And they called me up on July 9th. And they said, it is in fact cancer. Hmm. But by the position of it, they think they got all the margins. It looks like it was, in fact, just only in the one area below. So I still have my right thyroid low. Oh, good. And I'm undergoing testing now to see further if there's anything else in there. Right. So now you, you can serve that they wanted to chemotherapy, or they wanted to radiation or anything like that. 10 years ago, they would definitely have done radiation or radiated the thyroid to kill all the thyroid. So nothing reduces. But there's a new technique that they do. And they're just going to kind of watch it. And the bottom line is they feel good about it. So I actually feel excellent. So I see you had no health. You had no negative health ramifications. You just just, they just found this on a routine checkup. Correct. Wow. Exactly. Well, my voice, as you can hear, my voice has been getting more and more raspy. That's the point where I'm always clearing my throat. And you sound a little mafia boss now. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. That's it. Or Fauci. You said, yeah, you know, Fauci. Fauci, you have the Godfather. One of those two. Yeah, I'm not sure we're trying. You look. Yeah, let me ask you this. Obviously, body building has been a staple throughout this few. I know that you, that's got to be a therapy, right? Going to the gym and or training even in your house. We still get up at 3.30 every morning, my wife and I'm out. Wow. I gave seven days a week. What are you going to do 30 in the morning? So she could be ready to go to work. Oh, okay. She's got work. I got you. She's a dental assistant. So she's still working. And so it accommodates her. In the weekends, we don't get up that early. We'll get up at 5 or 30. But five days a week, we'll get up at 3.30 a week. That's it. What time have you got to bed at night? 8 o'clock? Oh, I say nine o'clock. Okay. I'm going to clock. We're not, we're not exactly the life of the party. No, but you know, I have the complete opposite schedule. My kids, I'm the only people. I mean, only person I know who's kids want to go to bed at 11 o'clock at night. When they're two years old. So we're always fighting with my kids to try to get to the sleep early or early. But I don't, then does it, does it work for me? So then I got to go start. That I first thought working was they go to sleep, you know? So I'm up for, I'm up. When I go to sleep, you're waking up pretty much. That's, that's my experience. I'm not sure. Yeah. My kids rebel against that lifestyle because I've been doing this 40 years. I'm getting up this early. Right. When you're a firefighter, that's why you need that. Right. My kids are night owls. They feel sleepy. Yeah, I'm like that too. So what do you, when you looking back at your body building career and the discipline that gave you plus the fire department, you know, I have to, I always believe that the things progress in our lives for a certain reason. Do you see that whole body building, regimentation, mentality is what enables you to get through these tough times with, you know, your breathing and the tumors they found in there. Obviously because, you know, obviously keeping your health and shack and taking your vitamins and your, and you're keeping your immune system health is super important and obviously overcoming any kind of disease process. There's so much about this is dealing with it mentally and it goes back reformed by the building years. I don't want to get too extensive in it, but I went to a Catholic school back then the nuns would beat the living crap out of you. So the homework we got back then was so overwhelming that it was at first to the point where I couldn't deal with it emotionally. Yeah. I feel like in some ways it robbed my childhood, but that prepared me for the regimentation that was required in body building. It gave me the sentiment to never give up. It gave me the philosophy that I am going to do one more rep than anybody else on around no matter what. In the fire department, there's a joke. It used to be to have everybody's go to the chalkboard and draw different pictures on different quirks about a piece about different people. Right. And they did this Monti's Python stick with me. I don't remember when the cut the guys legs off, because I don't remember when someone's still on to fight. Yeah. They said that's me. They're always joking around about that was me. Yeah. You know, I was relentless. Me being short, 542, I always had to prove myself. Right. You know, so I had to be a fighter because, you know, if I fly for 4, believe me, if you didn't learn how to fight, you're going to get your ass into it. Yeah, I imagine so. Yeah, I imagine. Yeah, I remember seeing that footage of you as the firefighter, and I was like, and I saw you standing at the other guys, I realized how short you were. I didn't even realize it. You know, please, you can't. When your guys are on stage, all the light weights are the same height. So you all look around, you know, Danny was a little tall that you guys, but everyone else is around the same exact height. So you kind of don't look, you can't see relevancy of how tall you are. Until you see you guys in the overall, then you see how big flex we're all understanding next to you guys and that posed that one. The only place I fit in was it was it was it was it was it was. Ah, that was it. Wait, now look, it's 60 years old now. And I've talked, I've interviewed a lot of guys, you know, in your same from your same era, you're a little before me. What, what do you see your future from now? Like, when you look back, you got grown kid, you got a 36 year old, a 32 year old, obviously you did your, did your work already, you put it in. I know you went through some tough times with that with custody battles and something up. But now looking back, it's really about you now your life. You see yourself, what's, what's your future goals, I guess you could say? You have to constantly set new goals or you, you get bored and you don't want to, you know, be around anymore. I have to imagine that you have something in your mind. I always, I tend not to make too many long-term goals at this point. I find myself making many short-term goals and we're going to be celebrating our 25th anniversary my wife and I. So a lot of what our focus is is I'm, as my friend, we're going to go out to the Olympian. That's going to be the way we celebrate. So we're going to go out to Vegas hopefully and celebrate our 25th anniversary. So that's where a lot of our effort is. Are you afraid of COVID seeing that you have one issue's already? I mean, that I would be a little nervous about you. Yes, and no, I am. I'm cautious. I always, you know, I wear a mask. I always wash my hands. I'm a fan of how to, since being a paramedic. And I am that way. But you know what, I look at it a little bit differently. My body has been subjected to so many viruses. I have an uncanny immune system. Yeah. I've been in that in a hospital. It's my whole life taking care of people and environments where the average person probably would succumb to something. But I guess by subjecting myself to that, my immune system was super charged or something. Yeah. So I kind, maybe I don't take any chances. But I kind of feel like I would be able to handle it if it was a minor case. I'm very active still. I will not allow myself to lay around waiting to die. It's not my philosophy. I'm going to do whatever I have to do. Right. So yeah, I worry about it. I'm cautious, but I'm not fearful. No. You know, you lived quite a life. You had a lot of adversity overcame. And you know, I think that a lot of people could learn that maybe their life isn't so bad. When they look back and see all the adversity you went through. You know, you won a USA championship. You know, you be guys that probably would genetic that your superiors because you outworked them. You proved that anything can be done if you set your mind to it. And I think that you're a really good role model for people to really look up to in the sense that you were able to defeat all these obstacles in your path just by your mindset and your work ethic. And that says a lot about your character. Well, I appreciate that. I was good friends with a path of pre-sure many years. And right before he passed away, he commented often about my character. Because I'm a walking dichotomy Dave. I have every temptation that everybody else has. I really did. But growing up in Catholic school, being an altar boy, being all that stuff, it kind of kept me in a position where there was like that good angel band angel. I'm not sure there's time to make. And right before he died, he asked me to write a book. And that's the fact I was going to bring that up. This. And it basically what the book was. It wasn't. I didn't write it to make money. I didn't write it to sell it. He asked me on his deathbed. He said, would you do me a favor? He said, a lot of people out there, they see your body. And they see that this outer shell. And they have no clue what it takes to be you. So he kept referring to me as you're so much more than your muscles. And so that's the part where the book is more than muscle. And essentially what it is is exactly what you said is the character behind that. It's not just what I did in the gym, but what it takes. And it isn't just about me, really. I think you could take my main narrative and flex wheel around and put the any has to put many other bodies. Put their story behind it. And it's essentially about what it takes to be that psychologically. And people could pick that up where it amazons.com? Yes, Amazon.com. More than muscles, guys. If you want a good read, a good inspirational read, checking out, Joe Tracoli's story about his life. And Joe, thank you for joining us today and sharing your story with us. And for again, us back to those 90s, I love those glory years. You know, that's the years I remember. And I can probably tell you every USA and National Winter from the 90s, I could tell you who came one each the way class. Nowadays we have so many divisions. I can't, I don't think anyone remembers anything anymore. But those 90s were the heyday for sure. Absolutely. I have a passion for it because it certainly wasn't to get notoriety. That's actually. Hey, be good. Stay safe. Keep us updated and good luck with all your therapies in the future. Thank you, brother. Always good. Always good. All right. And guys, that's going to take us to the end of another episode of Live with Broughts You By species nutrition. I'm Dave Palombo for Joe Tracoli. And I produce the Tyler Shore. We'll see you next time.