You leave it and come back. We're leaving. How are we done, okay? All right, good. I've got to see you. Okay. What's up, fellas? What are you gonna say? Do a man, how are you guys? Let's do a man, how are you guys? Let's do a man, guys. You're good? You guys come and you leave it? The celebrity is on, right? Mel is hot, not with star. Since it's wrestling night, hot, cold, cold, and Hell's angel president Chazito, who are actors about Patrick and musician Evan Seinfeld, to name a few. In the body of the world, however, his close friendship with Mike Mata-Raza and four times Mr. Olympia J.Color is much more interesting than he did right down to him. I met Mike Mata-Raza in 1990, and he was a two early three. I met him through Ed Conner's, which was one of the corporate owners of Golds Gym, back in the day with Pete Grimmkeowski and him, Ed flew me out to Venice Beach to do a photo shoot for a calendar that he had, and Mike Mata-Raza was living in one of his houses. And he said, hey, you know, why don't you train what Mike today? He needs a train in power and I'm so sure. You know, I knew Mike from the magazines, and I went in there and we banged the workout out, and we went to dinner, and we started talking, we just hit it off, me and Michael hit it off from that day, and never been out of each other's lives. I mean, the years that I was away, a letter every month, a phone call to my mother, to see how I was doing checking on me. I'd call him up, you know, when he had a home phone, I'd call him up, and he never left my side, you know, and that's how we are today. When he had his hard problems and stuff, I was out there flew out there, I was making sure he was okay, you know, and checking out him constantly. We just made that bond and never lost it with each other. Mike actually gave me a call and told me that that Jay Kotler was flying out here to do a guest pose. And Mike, like Jay and they knew each other from the business, and he said, you know, are you going to the show? And I said, yeah, and he said, okay, cool, why don't you go see him? He knows who you are, and he would like to meet you. And you know, I think you guys will hit it off. And, you know, I went to the show and I went to meet Jay, and we talked a little bit, and we had nothing in common. Nothing. I mean, it was like the odd couple. And we went out to dinner with some people later that night, and you know, spend a day or two around each other, and that was really it. He went home and I went to my thing, and I was like, okay, he was a nice guy, but Jay was a little relaxed, you know, relax, back then quiet guy, you know, a little bit in the shell and stuff like that. And he was just, you know, very low-keyed. And then, you know, we just kept, we started talking on the phone, and he'd come in there, he'd come in here, I'd fly out to California when he was out there, see him, and that bond just started like that. And then it just grew into that, where I became friends with his wife, Carrey. Every time, you know, when I was in prison, when Jay was in here, gaspose, and I'd come in through here, he came here to see my mother, and it just, we unfolded kind of the same way that me and Mike did. You know, we're our friendship blossom from there. Five years, I mean, I see myself. Hopefully retired, sitting on a beach somewhere, but I mean, I really don't know how to answer that, because I never know what's coming down the pipe. I mean, you know, once I think like something's done, got through something in front of me, and apart from a movie comes off, this comes off, you know, a possibility for a book. So I don't know, I just know that, you know, I want to be relaxed in somewhere, and just live in a nice, low-keyed lifestyle. If had to be you, I met Mike Grolf from Melissa in 2004 in Florida. A friend of mine was a head of construction company, and he took his construction company out there, because they had a hurricane. I think it was Charlie, and he got the work out there, and he started redoing all the ruffs, and he told me, like, man, bro, you got to come out here. I met some nice people, it's a nice town. And I mean, I was traveling a lot, so I flew out there, I think in like, October, and I met her, you know, she owned the bar, I met a bunch of the friends, there was a big group of friends that they hung out with. And I became friends with her, and like two months later, I got indicted, and then I went away, and she was writing me letters all the time. You know, make it sure I was okay. We stayed in touch the whole time that I was gone. So I come home in the end of 2007, and I ended up dating a girl locally from here, and I flew out by Melissa in Florida, because she had a big house with a pool, and I was taking my girlfriends out there, and you know, spending some time and hanging out, and Melissa was dating the guy that she was with for some years, and you know, that was a rocky thing, but I didn't get involved in it, because you know, I just, you know, we're just really friends. And it wasn't until 2009, it was after I won the Illinois in May, and she had called me up, and she said, when are you coming back out of here, and I'm gonna visit in a while, and I said, I'm really swamped right now, what pride worked, we're traveling all the body, building shows, and she goes, I'm booking you, taking for the fourth of July, you know, and I said, all right, just book it, I'll get out there. So I got out there like the second, I stayed through the seventh, and we like, I think it was the third of July, she just told me in a parking lot, because her and her dude were arguing, and I said, listen, if I won it, and I was single at the time, and I said, listen, if I wanted to come out here and see all this, I could have just stayed at home and argued with the chicks at home. I don't want to even see this stuff, and she goes, you don't understand how it is for me, I said, hard for what, she goes, I've been in love with you for all these years, and you haven't even known it, and I'm like, go figure, you know, I thought she was like, you know, my little kid's sister, the way we got along. So that's how that started from there. She told me that, I was single, she was having problems, she wanted to get away from her dude, and she said, I want to move the Chicago. And I said, you want to come out here, let's go, I'll get you a job, we'll see you, you know, start a life together and see how that goes. And she's been out here since two years. We met a little over seven years ago in Florida, where I'm from, the hurricane hit my town, and his best friend came to help rebuild my town. So he brought me with him, and I just remember seeing in the first time and going, oh my God, who is this moose? But I used to joke around with his best friend, and say, oh he's just I can't, I've never dated him, he's crazy. But over the years, we got to become really good friends, coming back and forth, except for when he went to college for a little bit. But we still stayed in contact, writing. I see how she was for all the mirrors, and what a loyal girl she was to a dude that wasn't doing the right thing by her. And she's Italian, and you know how a lot of women stick by their men, and that's how she was. And I said, well, if this girl was loyal like that, to a dude that was mistreated in her, you know, acting like that. She's definitely, you know, going to be a loyal girl to me. So, you know, I weighed everything out, and I said, let me try this, you know, because, you know, everybody knows, you know, from the articles and the magazines and stuff, you know, I just kind of bounced around, you know, I dated strippers really all my life, because it was the easy thing to do. As you could tell, I don't like a lot of hard stuff. I really wanna take the easy route. So, it was easy for me to date strippers because really, I mean, not to digreg it, I'm not saying nothing bad about strippers, but they're kind of in the same lifestyle I am. You know, everything's physical for them, and you know, you can get with them, those strings attached to a lot of times. So, you know, going from that and wanting to settle my life down, and I ended up getting a listen and being a, you know, a blessing. Honestly, I think there was always a little something there, because like I said, I used to call them eye candy, but just over the years, we just became very close. We talked a lot, visited a lot, and I always just got so excited when he would come to visit. Two years ago, July, he came out, and I just looked up at him, and that was it. I just told him, I said, I've been in love with you for the last five years of my life. Months later, he flew down, picked me up in my hammer and drove me out, and here I am, and now we're getting married. I had a necklace, and it was a gold necklace with a lot of diamonds, and just back in December here of 2010, and I said, come on, let's go take this into my jewel, or I want to see what this thing's worth of, it's a lot of gold. And I thought it was only worth about 1500. That ended up being he gave me three grand. So when he told me it was giving me three grand for it, I said, okay, bring some engagement rings out, and the jeweler looked at me, because I had never met him. I saw bring some engagement rings out and let her look at him. She was overlooking at watches, so she didn't even know it was going out. So he brings these tray of engagement rings out. And as he does that, I get an email. Now the email was from a guy that wanted me to be in this movie that was coming up, and he, you know, he'd mail me at the time. So I'm emailing on my phone, and I said, hey, go ahead and pick your ring out, design a ring. And she looked at me, she goes, what? I said, yeah, pick it out. I said, I got to go sit down and answer this. And as I'm walking away, I turned around, I looked at the jeweler and I said, don't kill me because I'm not balling anymore. So there's a funny story because I really never asked her. Well, you married me or we did it the right way. I sat down and sent some emails out why she, you know, piece to ring together. We are in the jewelry store, literally building my ring together. I put it on and he goes, are you ready? And I go, for what? He goes, let's go. And I said, you mean I can keep the ring? He's like, yeah. So I looked at my go, you know, fat ass. You still have to ask me. It was not too long ago. It was only a week or so ago. And she said, are you ever going to ask me? She goes, when you ask me, you know, you're going to get me another ring, right? And I said, what are you kidding me? I said, I didn't pay all that money for that. I said, you know, she goes, we're going to arrest me. I said, okay, I'm going to ask you, now I actually think we're laying in the bean bag. And I said, I'm going to ask you now. I said, you know, what are you marrying me? And she said, yeah, of course. And you know, that's what it's said. Is it going to get thick wedding? Huge. Huge. Me being Italian, Melbing Italian, and you know, just his friends and fan base alone. I'm sure it's going to be insane. bigger than the Arnold probably. Hi, I'm three now. These are high people who took their young body gel. And I'm 20. And this is nail is for you. Yes, yes, yes. The two of us. The sisters from Palpat. My dad. My dad. Yeah, yeah. The poor girls in here. The fun girls. They're all down, right? They're all down, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm a little bit like a little bit like a little bit. Come on, man. Get messed with that. I'm going to be a couple. Put my blood. Put my blood. That's a good blood. I'm going to buy one. Yes. All right, it's my soul. CJ, the DJF podcast. One of the best DJs and I know because I see him all in the city. Very intricate, man. Hot DJ runs this club with them with everything you do. I'll see you. Tell them how I used to train you, though. Yeah, I'll tell you what. Anybody can train. So be a pro. But this kid's got the heart. And that's why I just want to be one of my wings. Oh, right, I'm going to. Thank you, CJ. Good, bro. Go, man. Flexing that. We're out. We're having fun in Palpat's and taking our Xbox or an admittedly story. You know, going out and having a little fun, drinking a little bit because, you know, it's not show time. Enjoy your life. I'll be a folk at and just wanted to go. That comes up to my night club hangs out. And get kicked out. Yeah. And get kicked out sometimes because, you know, after a few days, she gets in a little bit of trouble. But I'm always her savior over there. No, no, no. All right, Alex, muscle. This is Spy by. This is the club that I run. But I'm down five nights a week. This is our entrance. You can see it's in an alley. Cole-ass city that we're in right now. So, um, and it's actually our 15th anniversary here tonight. So, all right, guys. Let's go. Let's put your doors. Guys, Tom. This is our muscle. You guys Jimmy. I put up. How you doing? Is that better? I already. Get these are the guys that run the door. Except him. He's the old owner. But these are the guys that run the door and the, the guy who gets in and is Cole-ass weather. The security, everything. Make it sure everything's cool. This might do it right here at Pipe's Alex muscle. So, ready? We'll just have to meet him. She is. What's up, brother? I got a wrong number. I got to give you the go-book. There's our door, guys. These are what you got to get past for the cover. So, should we charge him cover? Yeah. Yeah. How you want to charge him? Yeah, we all got to. You're gonna get a go-book. Yeah, we all got to. You're gonna get a go-book. Yeah, we all got to. There you go, gangster. You got to get that. Hey, Sam. You're gonna block the door, block the door, block the door. This is big Sam. That first day, he had to go. He's a guy with endless of doors for me. Thanks, Nick. I'm gonna block the door. You're gonna block the door. There you go, brother. He's going to be all right. Yeah, Sam. Yeah, Sam. Yeah, Sam. I think of that table. I think of that table. Everyone, man now don't go get them out on the rolling. The new flows. More! So nice guys, three, the move, drawings to the Mohsel Alright guys, that's muscle. Yeah, we'll give my men a try. How's muscle? We're there at our period, it's first time night club and my will my daughter. And this don't ever happen. I mean, I never go out. I never go out. I never go out. I'm 2bj running in night club. So I don't get this been a lot of time with my daughter. Of course, just in home. So this is the first night we're out together. It seems kind of weird that I'm bigger my daughter. 24 years old, but you know what, I've ever she is my only child in life. And I certainly more proud of her. Alright, our ex-muscle. In his 415 am, my club was a five but we decided to leave a little early because none of us could talk. It's been a long day, long night. A few cocktails. You know how you do it. You know how you do it when you're out with Dave Aaron and Gail. And has to be this way. So we're driving home. We're actually going to go get some food. Do you really don't want to tell you what it is because it's not good. But it's end of a good night. And we had a lot of fun, man. I hope you guys enjoyed coming into my life. Seeing 24 hours of what I do. You know, not every night. I don't do this. I have a couple nights off. I don't know why just relax a little bit. I think out of the house. But you know, for the most part, this is, you know, a day in my life, man. So thanks for coming in. Enjoy the man. Please. It's a good night for the great day. Something done on. Now you have to see, you know, on the ones of I. Yeah. Well, you don't have a good fucking night out to finish with Donald's breakfast. You have 5 am in Cheyde Town. And what do you eat? I've got two egg. Uh, some sausage and coffee. Some hash browns. I have a bacon egg and cheese. You're a pulp. No, man. You're not a bacon. And they're pretty good tonight. They're all good. I went for the McRiddle. And remember, you have not seen the last of me in any way, shape or form. No, no, no, no, no. I want to feed you. I want to feed you. I want to feed you. No, no, no, no. No, no, no. Mel Chansey's world is like anything but work. His hell wasn't the motorcycle. It was a personal battle. Against his own demons. But in the end, it was the love of his family. His mom's dad. The sisters, his daughter, his granddaughter. That ultimately turned the time to stay. I said, let's go. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. ...and bringי Ring to theерentish and Russia