Welcome back to RX Muscles. Iron Road to the Olympia 2018 brought to you by RedCon1. I'm Dave Palombo and today's guest is the owner of RedCon1 and a good friend to the show, Aaron Singerman. Very good. You got to see big, big, big, big booth set up at the Olympia. You might be one of the biggest out there and today's topic, Aaron, is going to be called the Anatomy of the Olympia booth. Because I want to talk about what it takes to set up a booth. I mean, we talked the last time we talked, we talked about how to make a million dollars in the body building in the supplement industry. Today, I want to talk about how you set up a booth at a show of this magnitude and what the strategy is business wise. I think a lot of people really like to learn the behind the scenes happening. You seem to be very good and have some skill at it. You're also a good risk taker, which doesn't hurt as well. Talk to me about what made you decide to go ballistic this year and make this a such a big party, so to speak, at RedCon1. So first of all, I don't know if we're the biggest, the world certainly be the best. We'll certainly be the best. Every year for shows like the Olympia or the Arnold, you definitely have to take a make a judgment call about how big you want to go and what kind of statement you want to make. So if RedCon1, we're only two years old, it comes September 2nd, will be our two year anniversary of actually selling supplements. I think that for a brand, still trying to make its way, to make an impression, I think that it's always a good idea if you have the funds to do it, to make it big. Now, the Olympia and Arnold, more of the Olympia even is important because international buyers come to the show. And a lot of international buyers, they may not even hurt her right kind of one yet. I hope that they have, but there's a chance that they have it. So they walk through there looking like a kind of like a looking for a new ship to sail on, so to say. Right. And then, on the other side, who is the big dog, they don't know about, so they can walk down an exclusive in their territory. And whether it may be a bad way to do it or a good way to do it, a lot of people go strictly by the size of the booth. Interesting. I never knew that. Yeah, that's crazy. So it's important in your mind to make a very good first impression on these international buyers. Yeah. So I mean, okay, let's look at this way. He has spent $100,000 all at the Olympia, right, on the booth and everything. And a buyer comes from, let's say, India. And he walks in. He doesn't really know, but he wants to start getting some exclusive, some additional exclusives for his distribution from a supplement brand in India. He looks around and he says, man, I've never heard of that. I want to. But the end of that booth is really cool. That person will come up, talk to hopefully me or one of my main guys, you know, business card. And it's a past. We've had some really big new accounts come from exactly this way. So you can justify spending that kind of money. Now, not everyone needs to spend $100,000. And what you're, you know, that 100,000 encompasses not just the booth but flying people out and putting them up and feeding them and getting talent at the booth and shipping stuff and setting up the booth. It's a pretty crazy process. I mean, I'm sure I know I've done smaller caliber booths and it's a lot of work. It's a lot of stress. Do you have certain people that you allocate to take and care of that? So for one, I just want to back up for one second for an answer that and say that I definitely would not suggest a booth like the one that you'll see me doing or the one you may have seen me do last year to 99% of the company. I don't think that. I don't think that. People are like, oh, I'm sorry, I suddenly company where I have a peril business. Should I spend, you know, a majority of my budget on a booth at a show? The answer to that is absolutely not, you know, this is, this is needs to be a very calculated risk because the, the return of investment of a booth at a show is generally not a good one. Especially if you're looking for a direct response kind of investment. So like if I do a Facebook ad, I want to spend 100 bucks and I want it to bring back four or five, 600 bucks. Right. A booth will never be like that. It doesn't work. So we sell a lot of supplements on our booth. I would expect to see a sell somewhere around a hundred thousand dollars in product at the booth. That is extremely unusual. And for a, you know, species booth did great. You're not selling. You're not coming in there and saying you're going to sell 50,000 or 30,000. It doesn't. It's hard to do that. And even me selling a hundred thousand if that's what we ended up doing, it's still won't pay for the booth because you got at the cost of goods, the cost of getting everything else. It's not that one break us even. So is it a difficult and stressful process? Yes, it definitely can be because if the product comes late or there's any issues at all, it's on you. And the worst thing, worse than even spending the money or whatever, even losing the money is having no products at the booth is extremely, I can't even imagine a more definedly embarrassing thing. It happened before when me and, you know, my old business partner, we had to, we spent some money to the product and come for the first day. I want to show up at the DM booth because I was so embarrassed to stay at the front of a booth with no products, right? Has that ever happened before? No, that guy was we used to drive down the product actually most of the times ourselves because I was so afraid of that happening, you know, because you're investing so much money into it and it was like, I would always drive it to the Arnold. And that's the one booth I did at the Olympia, we really didn't have a lot of product. We had some product, but because I was once again, it's so expensive to ship product to Vegas, then you have to have the people, the union people bring it in. And it is a big, big expense, like you said, and if you don't get that return on investment, you're really risking a lot, you know, and so in a sense, you know, you're rolling the dice, you know, and I guess, you know, you've rolled it successfully so far, but not everyone does roll it successfully. I've seen a lot of people spend a ton of money at a booth and almost put themselves, and a lot of times put themselves out of business because of that. Well, you've seen, I mean, how many times have we been to shows over the years together where you will see a booth somewhere, and then that company will, we like, oh, shit, who are those guys? And then actually, they don't even exist anywhere. No, they don't make it past the Olympia. Yeah, they'll spend 100,000 on a booth and they'll make, oh, that's all the marketing budget we have. We just went bus, trying to make an impression in a place where realistically at the Olympia, you're going to see, I don't know, maybe 25, 30,000 people. It's not like a crazy amount of people. And at the Arnold, you may see a hundred thousand or whatever, it's 150,000, but of the actual people that you're seeing, how many of them are actually concerned? Probably. You see all the people that come in just to take the samples and run off. Right, right. So how do you pull that trigger? I mean, it's nerve-wracking, because you are taking a risk. Do you think you've got lucky a little bit? Is there a luck involved in that? Or is there a calculated plan all the whole time that you actually carried out? So, you know, I think that some of the booths for me have probably been losers. I just though realize that they've been losers. Right. So for me, how I kind of mind philosophy for RedCon has always been either go big or don't do it. So if I wasn't prepared to do it like the first Olympia we didn't do for the very first one, not last year, but the year before we had started going and we had supplements and we were thinking of doing the Olympia, but I would have had to do a small booth, I would have to do it like a 20 by 10. I would have had to, you know, have normal backdrop up there and it would have been really limited and I said, you know, what I'll wait until I can do it where I feel like it's impressive and we're making a statement. And I think to myself, you know, how much longer will it be important for me to do this every year? Because at some point, I think there's got to be a tipping point where it's like you've already reached a level of awareness. Right. Is there a point to doing it other than like just wanting to be there? So I would imagine for me personally, you would see me do it maybe another year or two and then it maybe one year off when you're on or maybe an Arnold and Olympia or something, you know, where there's some space, some of the big expos that we've seen really big success with have been internationally like Fibos or Dicolas. Right. Did you have your own booth at Fibos? Did you're distributed there? Have a booth for you. The distributor Lars from Peruvius, paid for the booth, our help to us get the booth and it was in his group of booths. But the cool thing is, is the amount of distributors that came up that weren't in the area that he distributes in Europe was amazing. I mean, just incredible. The amount of people from Asia, the Middle East and like places you never had heard of, came up and gave me their cards and were interested in the brand and we got a ton of interest and then it's kind of sales based on being there for an artist distributor in Europe. So it's really depends. They just want to tough because you made a good point about the unions. So one kind of crazy thing with Vegas is you can't actually bring anything to your booth. Right. That was crazy. Right. That. Bring it to your booth. And in the last year we had some really crazy shit happen. You remember the booth at the big hanging screen around the street? So we had a booth price. In the booth price, we got a very reasonable deal for that such a great booth. And we paid for it. Obviously, we didn't last year, we didn't sponsor the Olympia. This year was sponsored. So last year it was 17,000 bucks for our 20 by 20. Yeah. I went to the college and I knew I was going to get off for all of our artists was empty. This year it's more because we're a sponsor. But we had that space. So I figured out I had a budget and I knew exactly what we're doing and then come to find out all of the rigging charges to rig that thing up. Yeah. Stabilize the big screen. So it ended up being $17,000 for the union to pull up to secure the screen. Oh my god. Wow. Yeah. I had no idea. We were, they had our MX for some reason. I don't know. I guess it's part of the deal I had to give to them. That's seeing all these charges. $25,000 for power. There was additional power for the screens. There's screens. Everything. Anything. Little thing they were hitting us on. So it ended up having $27,000 in additional charges that weren't expected. And so after I was like, dude, how did this happen? And I couldn't believe that this was because they were their billing us. And so it was kind of like, that's why I say it was a winner. I love doing it. But I never, I didn't realize that they could just charge you whatever they want, essentially. Yeah. We did. And they did. So this year's nothing's hanging from the ceiling. Don't say it. No. You're going to see it's 27th foot tower. It comes up in the middle. It's going to be awesome. It doesn't need to be secured from the top. Because there's nothing hanging. Well, you learned, you learned a very expensive lesson. It was what you said. Very expensive lesson. But these, these are good things. This is good information. Because I, this probably people out there thinking about getting a booth maybe next year. And now they know, don't get anything to hang from the ceiling because you can get nail for that. No, even a banner. Even a banner would probably cost you five or six thousand a hang. You know, just a big banner that you see hanging. Number rich pina used to always have the really big banner at the time. I don't know what it costs to put that at the LA FedExP. But at the Lempia, I would imagine that serious money. Oh, yeah. Absolutely. We've had that. You just tell you, because you have no other option. You do it or you don't. They get you. Now, another benefit. Now, red card one, obviously, is the official sponsor of all of RX muscles, Olympia coverage starting this week through September. And the great thing about that is that we actually get air and sing them into do some of the wrap-ups with us. And I know you like to do that type of stuff. And you're good at it because you did it with us for many years and all the show coverage that used to do for RX muscle back in 2011, 12, 13. Now, are you feel like you could, you're still up for the task? I mean, you know, because you got a little rusty because you know, you've been behind the an office running a company now. You think you can get that net old, you know, flame back in you, that old, you know, hunger to, you know, to really analyze the shows and break it all down again. So that there's two big benefit. Well, one, first of all, I'm not rusty. I'm rusty yet, doing the shows. But I do videos all the time. You see all the commercials we do. Yeah. I feel like I'm in front of the camera more now than I was then, if you could believe that every morning I'm doing Instagram live. So I just like, I'll see that my wife's watch is all your Instagram's. Oh, good. Good. Good. By the way, happy birthday to you, Sunford. I should tell him. Oh, thank you. My middle son, eight and his three today. And I actually went to the beach this morning with him and if I'm a little bit red at all, it's because I've been at the beach this morning. So, um, so what was I saying? Oh, and from the camera. And then number two, the other thing is that I don't have to censor myself at all now. Right. Or I'd be worried a little bit like, oh, if I say anything bad, this guy wouldn't like me or, you know, the powers that be will be upset with me, you know. And now I can say anything I want. Because it was never whatever. I'm trying because everyone wants your body. Yeah, right? It's still be nice to me. I don't want to. Yeah, I could say something bad about that. One of the athletes and they'll come up and ask for sponsorship the next day. So, I'm going to give you, I'm going to throw a couple. We're going to do some official Olympia prediction type stuff over the next couple weeks. And, you know, that's going to be all the fun stuff. But, you know, right off the bat, you know, obviously you're very good friends with Flex Lewis. He lives in your back yard essentially. Flex actually texts me. We texted each other back and forth, you know. He's no longer with it. It seems like no one's with A, am I anymore? So I guess there's no more contracts from what you understand? Uh, I know Phil is not. I think that they just got somebody back on because if they did the whole action. I want to say that it, that it is a chem, Williams a chem is from now because, you know, MHP has always done this. Strard, Dante, now that he's back, he's always back. But there's no magazine. So what's there? What's there? What's the relationship? Well, he loves to advertise magazine. So you probably. But there are no magazines of Aaron. Right? I guess he's done. I think the portion of muscle and fitness that is Flex. I don't know. But I know that's how it works. This is why why would he? As much as I love the chem. Doesn't make sense that MMI would reach out to a chem specifically. You drop, flex and fill and everybody else. But then pick up a chem, you know. Sure. Doesn't make sense. So yeah, that I mean, so I know Flex Lewis is not with AMI anymore. He's only talking. Talk. He's not showing any interviews. He told me until after the show. Yeah. I'll really want to talk to nobody. He's keeping it. Yeah, not even mainstream. I guess media have been contacting him according to what he told me. And he said he's just going to hold off. Obviously he's got a losing level like 12 to 13 pounds. So he's really focused on doing that. Now you see him on a pretty regular basis. He's obviously a backyard. And he'll kill his coaches right here. We're going to work out as Jeff. So I see him two, three times a week lately. Oh, yeah, he's been asking me. He's like, when do you come into my gym? I said, well, I haven't got an invitation yet. He's like, oh, he's like, the car. She can come to my gym. So I said, I got to do a field trip. I'm going to go down to see RedCon. I'm going to see Aaron and then I'll come to you and Jim and I'll just touch you. He would love. Trust me, he would love to give you a good tour. He's very proud of it. As he should be, and does it say, it's amazing. Yeah, I heard it's incredible. Now who trains it? Like certain people have a key or how does that work? You know, I didn't get to train to flex his gym. Well, it's invitation only. So it's very exclusive. And he makes it like that's a very big yield to him. It's very exclusive. So I should feel I should feel honored. Oh, if you bring, because you didn't show his you're out. Yeah. He means you're somebody for sure. Oh, that's good. I can't even bring something like a friend comes or my family member comes. I can't even take my key and bring him in. Oh, no. He but he in. That has not been vetted by him. So you actually have your own key? Yeah, have a key. Yeah, we keep. So I can do it for our dairy. He'll also out in my wife's lot. And Eric Hart, who's my vice president, Sylvie, too. But he has a key. He's best. How do you qualify to get into the gym? I mean, because obviously, you know, like, you know, like some people that can go in some people that can't because he have to like, you know, you like, do a Google search on you or something like that? I need not look 99.9% of people can't trust. OK. There's there that people ask all the time. We'll say, how do I get in that? Say it's impossible for 99% of people. So what do you like if that's friend? You think is a big lining wanted to go train there? You'd let him know. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Please, my phone. Jason, you know, they could sit outside of rest of their lives. He's not kidding. It's like it's like the night at the rock spring when they were trying to get into the club. They would never let him in. You know. Yeah, exactly. Literally. It's like that. You know what I'm saying? You'll be able to hit the ruffle. Hit the ruffle, Johnson trains there. A lot of the MMA guys usually has celebrities that train in there. You know, mostly athletes, a lot of professional athletes. And he's very selective. I mean, you, like when somebody comes in and athlete comes in, if you like Jeremy Pothrin, my athlete, you know, top five at the Olympia. Yeah, I don't Jeremy. He's good guy. OK. So they're he's very selective. Very smart. Is the gym like is there someone who staffs the gym or it's just like, you come in with your key and you turn light on your train. You come with your key, but there's usually people during during business hours. You know, he's there because he's there a lot now. Yeah. Hit his wife, Alir there during the day. And then around five or six, it gets kind of crowded because a lot of they have a whole crew have to come in around that time. And then in the late evening or in the weekends, it's, it's sporadic. You know, does he sell like supplements there and something like that? No. No. And that's probably one of the big reasons why he's selective is because it's like a private, I mean, it's a private area. I mean, you could hypothetically, you know, anything that's in there, you could remove which he has here. And now the thing I find ironic about this whole thing, Aaron, is that you obviously have the key to flex his gym. I know you go to the other gym busy body, also in bulk of there. But you also have a really good gym in your, in your warehouse there too. I do have a nice one. Yeah. Well, if I had, I would never leave there. I would always just train at my own place. I'm sure you have all the equipment you need, right? I got bored of doing it. You know, I have, I need a little variety. So in my own gym, the only people that train in the gym with the office here is usually me and Eduardo. And then I buddy Joey will come and work out with me. So, you know, it's kind of not a energy of the atmosphere is pretty limited, you know? You know, but aren't you working all the time? You're always in meetings and busy and traveling. I mean, who has time to go to the gym separately? Do you actually really have time? So flexes gym is less than a mile from the office. Right. You can literally get there within three or four minutes. Oh, okay. So it's very close. It's very close. But I don't, the reason why I don't go there more often is because it does slow me down a little bit and there are people that want to talk. Of course. Usually by like, if I'm there at 7 o'clock, my wife will start being like, what's wrong with you? You'll just forget it. You forget you was track of time and then you realize, holy shit, you know, I'm going to get in trouble now, right? Yeah. Oh, yeah. And I, and I, and I, and I, and I, and I, and I, and I, and I, and I, and I, and I, and I, and I, and I, you go there, I usually get a trouble. So that's why I never went to bed because when I went, when I lived in New York. I said, I was a Steve gaming and I had a free membership there in my whole life, my whole career. So even till this day, and, and Steve, you know, liked when I came to the gym, but when I went there, we take me double the time to workout. Oh, yeah. Because I talked. Even when I was in there with you, and we're shooting people who is where like, pulling you side, trying to talk to you. Yeah, it's, it's because you know everyone and I guess the same thing can happen. It flexes gym there. Or busy body. Put that back. You know it. Busybody is terrible. You're going to busybody, you'll be swarmed. There's lots of competitors there. It's crazy. Busybody is not. Also, I had a store at Busybody. We had vocal nutrition at Busybody. So when I opened that store, it allowed this sounds bad. Because I do like talking to people. I'm a friendly guy. But when we open the store, people now had a reason to come up and talk and have a legitimate and you couldn't beat. I couldn't be like, I'm sorry, I'm training. How much protein do you think I should take? And then I answer, because they're going to buy the protein at my store. But anyway, do you still on that? Both companies are first? I close it down. When me and PJ split, blackstone and everything, I kept it open for a month or two. And then I realized that it really wasn't making any kind of significant money. And the truth of the matter is, like, four stores, my opinion on retail locations is you need a really be there. You need to like, you need to be there. Because the people that we had were nice and everything, but they weren't particularly knowledgeable and they weren't super motivated because it's not like to high-paint job. So you need like the brick and mortar retailers that do really well, educate the shit out of the heat. I agree. You've got to really teach them the products and then understand what they're doing. That's tough. Now, where do you see the, the supplement world going in terms of these brick and mortar stores? Because a lot of them are just not doing well because of Amazon and all the online places you can buy stuff. Do you think we're going to see the decline and even, you know, closing a more like GNC's and Vitamin Shops and all that stuff in the future because of the fact that it's not sustainable? I hate to say that. You know, there's a lot of brick and mortar owners that I've become friends with and feel very close to. But I think it's a, it's a tough proposition to beat Amazon and really the online thing. I mean, how often do you go? I mean, do you take all kinds of supplements often? Do you go into a store in buy it? Never. Never. Neither. Neither. But I know what I need to know. If I was starting out and I was come getting into it, I probably would find a store like you said with someone that is knowledgeable that I can go in and ask questions to because that's something that that's how I do all my learning. You know, you got to find someone who you can who can answer all your questions and sometimes online it's not good because there's too many different opinions, you know. Right. Now, I agree. You have to the way that a store can work and be functional is have somebody or people that are very knowledgeable that can provide value to the customer when they walk in. We just, I just literally got back from yesterday, got back from the vitamin shop product education conference and I spoke to some tents. I spoke to groups of 120 people, me and Eric Hart and I'm in Brian Shaw. I had him play it was really cool. They love Brian Shaw. So I talked to these health enthusiasts and man, the store owners, the store managers at the bottom shop were so into it that it gave me hope for those guys because they really wanted to learn and we talked to so many of the next day at the expo. I felt really good about it. But all in all, you're going to have to be or it's going to close down now. How long is it sustainable? I feel like it's going to no matter how good they are as they are and not continue to progress. It's going to be tougher and tougher. It's almost like the magazines. We knew where their days were numbered and now they are done essentially now. I just feel like that might happen to the brick and wood. Is there at least some of them? I think the specialty stores will always be successful. But I think the big chains where they just hiring the kids for minimum wage are just not going to be sustainable. That's just what I see it. I mean, just look at everything else. I mean, look at it when I was a kid, JC Penny. Remember, JC Penny being huge and everywhere. I don't even know if it exists anymore. Seriously, it's for her gone. They're still around, but I think in much more limited amounts to this point. The good thing about mall shopping malls is people like to go there because it's a social type of thing. So maybe some of the stuff that malls might be successful still because people like to spend the day with their family there and especially their reigns. But yeah, I mean, at this point I have no time to do anything. I do all my shopping online. I give Amazon probably, I would say 95% of all my business. Yeah, that's crazy. That's crazy. Yeah. We saw Red County Amazon now. We're actually a seller instead of just selling to people that saw Amazon. And the amount of money that is there is pretty mind blowing that even for a settlement brand. It's very important to control Amazon and have your product sold on Amazon. Do you think you think that you should just have your own store on Amazon? Yes, 100%. No. Why is that? Tell us to give us here in Sainland. So originally, we sold to people who sold on Amazon and we sold zero. We had no sales on Amazon. We didn't have our own store for anything like that. And we were approached by Amazon. The consumables department, not this last Olympia was so last year. And they said they're looking for brands like ours. We have no actual representation. But we sell to other people. And when I visited the Amazon, the consumables department in Seattle. We had an Eric and our market director. And they told us that $500,000 a month of Red County products were being sold. This is six months ago or seven months ago. She's free month on Amazon. And they're like, but of that, that's actually being sold. How much are you guys making? And they actually broke down the numbers. You'd be retired, retired not to have your own store and control who's getting it. So we did it. It was not an easy decision, but to cut off every single person who sold on Amazon. And then made all of our current retailers sign a contract saying that they wouldn't sell on Amazon. They wouldn't sub-distribute to something selling on Amazon or they'd be responsible. And we lost a lot of sales. We lost a few hundred thousand dollars a month and sales. Like that. It was scary. And we went from, so about six months ago, we had about 275 people selling Red County. Because Amazon, and of course we were not one of them. And now you have less than 50 people selling on Amazon. And we have captured quite a bit of those sales ourselves. And man, it was a really good decision now looking back. But it was scary at the time. Yeah, my, you know, don't let anybody sell the product sell your own products. Amazon. And also don't sell two Amazon sell through, through a seller central, not vendor central. So if they buy themselves, it can be scary because they can price it whatever they want. They don't give a shit where your back is. So they search the internet for the lowest price. And then they match the lowest price. Because you got some of these idiots. Like some, like a crash test dummy right. You're just going to put your price so low and look at your product as like a lost leader. Well, if the internet, if Amazon finds out on the internet, they will match that crazy ridiculous price. Oh, really interesting. They don't care what they bought it for. They want to be the lowest price on the internet. And it can, it can kill you because you can't convince. Well, I can call up Steve Calabrecy and natural body and yell at him. You'll also raise the price. Amazon doesn't give two shits about you and you can't reach anybody. Right. Interesting. Very, very, very good information from Aaron Singerman. Once again, another, very, I guess you could say, knowledgeable show. We try to, you know, this is a part of the supplement and bodybuilding industry. Aaron, that a lot of people just don't get insight into. So I think these shows are really educational. I think people are going to, you know, take some of this knowledge and hopefully use it. And look, there's going to be future generations of new supplement company owners out there that are going to, I'm going to make us look like a joke, you know, oh, Aaron and Davey, they were old school. And, you know, in ten years or now, you know, maybe we'll, you know, we'll be retired or whatever and they'll be, you know, taking over the next generation of this stuff. So thank you for giving us all that good insight. Thank you for RedCon 1. Sponsoring our all coverage. You're actually getting Davey Lumber to actually make a trip this year. Out of his backyard to Las Vegas. So we'll see you at the, we'll be at Aaron. Aaron's booth all weekend long. Doing interviews. Aaron will be helping us with the wrap-ups at the show. And all the pre-Elimpia, you know, hype and hoopla and coverage will be sponsored by RedCon 1 as well. So thank you, Aaron and we will probably see you next week on a pre-Elimpia, I guess, prediction show. Sounds good. Can't wait to. All right, and that'll take us to the end of another episode of R.A.X. Muscles Iron, Road to the Olympia 2018 brought to you by RedCon 1. I'm Dave Palombo. We'll see you next time.