Welcome back to Bustle in the Morning. I'm Dave Palombo. Today is Wednesday, August 22, 2018. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, let's not waste any time and dive right into this week's edition of Recap Wednesday. Where we start with one of the few places in California that is in currently on fire, sunny San Diego. Where the Pacific USA Probecini championships were being held. Bringing home the gold with a bounce back win was a Olympia title contender, Norman Austria, who's getting better by the day. Second place went to local product, Lasha Akabimir, who was good enough in her second pro show to relegate veteran Shina J. Martin to third place. Second year pro Jamie Collins put together the best look of her career to slide into fourth and rounding up the top five with the best performance of her career was fellow sophomore standout, Jasmine Williams. You ever sat around in your bedroom thinking to yourself, you know what? I should use those credit card points I've been rackin' up to buy a fly to Vietnam. Boy, I bet you were excited for the chance to hop on a red eye for last weekend's inaugural muscle contest Vietnam event. Bringing home the gold in the men's physique division we had California import, Mottie Sharifat, who didn't seem to be bothered too much by the jet lag. Second place went to Ironian Powerhouse, Mohammed Coshcanani, and Bronze went to Spanish Heat Naker Juan Farrow, as he managed to hold off a strong effort from local favorite, Tran to and on. And closing out the top five here was the only other American in the lineup, veteran contender Patrick Fullgram. I'll tell you this, out of all the trips I've taken over the last few years, the time I spent down in Brazil still stands out as one of the truly beautiful experiences. And if he's going to keep putting out heat like this, then it's the extent out Philippe Franco might be giving the reason to go back sooner than I expected. Recently we saw the best men's physique east of the Amazon really start to kick up the intensity if you're not just at the unit's team start to head down the home stretch of their Olympia prep. In the past when he's been on, we've seen Franco be a guy who looks like he could be at top 10 talent. And with the margin of error being so thin for these men's physique guys up there at the top, it takes his one slip up for a guy like Franco to move in and seize the day. If you ask any boxer, they'll tell you that it's not the ones you see coming that actually hurt. It's the ones that you never see that you end up feeling the next day. And right now, it feels like the guy in the 2012 division that nobody sees coming might have not been better in powerhouse on the standard set. Last week in Anderson and his team released a new update that got the rumor mill swirling again about a potential return to the stage for the former NPC National champ. Since the last time we saw him compete, Anderson looks like he's slapped a few pounds of quality muscle on. Which will definitely need to try to slug it out with some of these monsters in the division. But as long as he picks his spots right, I think he's got enough in the tank to be a legitimate top five guy in the right lineup. At this point, I think it's cliche to keep saying over and over again that shows a one from the back. But I guess Ahmed Ashkenani doesn't care all that much about cliches. Right, nearly yesterday morning we saw the 2012 title contender released a rare pre-show update where we see the former Arnold Classic champ remind the rest of the division exactly who it is that they're dealing with. Because you only see him once or twice a year, sometimes you can forget just how good this guy can be when he's firing on all cylinders. So if everything starts coming together perfectly over the next three weeks, that first call out in the 2012 division is going to end up being one for the ages. And that does it if yet another edition of Muscle in the morning. I'm Dave Palombo reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.