Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X-Votes, there's 30 year in a row and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry for the low-car hot tart, we've got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love this show, this is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning, on day polonvo and today is Monday September 28th, 2020 and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. For every athlete pulling out all the stops has a different meaning, but when we're talking about an athlete who's the caliber of Jennifer Dorie, adding anything extra to the mix can be a total game changer, even though she's only competed once this year, the looks she brought into when the Tampa Pro was easily the most complete from top to bottom that she's had to this point in her career. I don't know what it is that she's done differently over these last few months, but I do know that it's working and when she's at her best, Jennifer is one of the most talented athletes in the bikini division, so she finds a way to keep herself trending in the right direction, she's a name that could easily land in the top three conversation. Sometimes I like to tell my clients that we don't need to reinvent the wheel and all we need to do is make sure the tires are balanced to put the pedal to the floor when we need to. So if I'm a homit shabon and I've got Sean Rodin in my corner making sure all the nuts and bolts are tightened up, well I'd be looking ahead to the rest of the schedule for a place where I can finally open things up over the weekend. We saw photos of Sean Rodin helping Shabon find tuning some of the details in his presentation out in gold's vannis where I thought Shabon looked significantly better than where he was a few weeks ago with the Cal Pro. And if those two can figure out a way to keep making the right adjustments, Shabon has a real shot at cracking the top three somewhere before the year is set and done. Usually when you call someone a ticking time bomb, it's a bad thing because they're probably about to become unhinged. So today we're repurposing that phrase from my guy, I came Williams because he's a ticking time bomb. It's just that he set to detonate on the Chicago Pro stage. If you can remember back to March when he was on stage at the Arnold, I came look like he was poised to have another really solid year. And even though things have been crazy during the interim, this show is a great opportunity for him to stay on the course. That being said, if he can manage to sneak in there and steal the win, I think he creates a lot of momentum heading into the Olympia, which is exactly what he needs heading into the biggest event of the year. It's a new week, ladies and gentlemen, which means that now only we're two weeks away from the Europa Championships in Alain County, Spain. That show for a lot of different reasons is shaping up to be one of the most important contests of the year. So far I've heard a few people toss out names of front runners for the 212 tile, so I figured I might as well join in. How about Angel called around? Town for pound angel might be the most underrated athlete in the division. And I've heard from Angel's camp that this is the best he's ever in love heading into a show. This guy is no joke, and I wouldn't be the least bit surprised if he ended up contending for a top two finish. That does it the yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning on day polimbo reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.