We're going to be launching the tasty pastry for the low-car hot tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary food muscle in the morning. On day polumbo and today is Tuesday, June 22nd, 2021. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Welcome back and happy Tuesday. I need to check the calendar, but I think we're about 10 days away from the Puerto Rico Pro now. And the reason I mentioned that is because yesterday I heard a room at that Puerto Rico is looking like the place where we'll see a team Williams making a season debut. Since I get for my sources, is that a team has every intention of winning this show and using it like a testing round to fine tune some of the work he put in during the off season. I think last year really solidified a team's place as one of the top tier athletes in bodybuilding. And getting a win in Puerto Rico would only cement that further. So if he shows up in full beast mode, it might be game set and match for everyone else in the building. Generally speaking, I'm not big on the Raw Raw Motivation stuff that people love to post on social media. I think most of that stuff is just people trying to do whatever it takes to get likes and clicks. But I will say this, when you see two high level athletes like Alex Cabernero and Kai Green and the Jim together, well, that does get you pretty amped up to go to the gym. Now that we know for sure that Alex will be coming back to defend his oral classic title, you almost want to see him being monitored and mentored by someone like Kai who understands what it takes to win at that level. I think there's a lot more on the line than just being the Arnold Classic Champion there. That show almost feels like a tone setter for the Olympia. So if Kai can help Alex set the right tone, that can end up translating into something a whole lot bigger down the road. There are a few people in body building right now who we could legitimately say have Ronnie Coleman like Strenth. I just mentioned the team Williams a few minutes ago, his name definitely belongs in the conversation. But one of the other names that I want to lift up right now is Joe Mackie, because I don't think people realize how crazy strong this guy is. A few days ago, I saw a video of Joe doing incline dumbbell presses with the 190s for a set of eight, which is one of those lifts that falls into the Ronnie Coleman superhuman strength category. A few days ago, Jen is James, one on the record to say that he believes Joe will be a real threat at the Chicago Pro. When you see him moving weight like this, it isn't hard to see why. This guy trains like he's from another planet. And five weeks from now, we'll get a first hand look to see what that looks like when he lands the ship right there in the middle of that Chicago Pro stage. Normally, my brain doesn't connect the word thin to 300 pound body builders. But for whatever reason, when I saw these photos of James Hollings head the other day, the first thing that popped into my head was, damn, his waist looks thin. According to James, when these pictures were taken last week, he weighed 301 right out of bed in the morning, which would be impressive enough on its own. But when you take into account the fact that he's thisly at 301, 17 weeks out from the Olympia, it's even more impressive. Because it means he's already way ahead of the pace. He set last year when he was at his all-time best. And assuming that his plans don't change between now and then, it's final product will end up being something very special. And that does it for yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning. On Day4 I'm about reminding you to always be true to your passions. Make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.