Welcome back to our ex muscle news update and today's update is about our good friend, North of the border from Canada, my mood elderra, who just won the 212 Pro Division at the Vancouver Pro and you predicted it here on the show and I promised you if you won that show we get you back, that's right. That's right. It's a little bit about how it feels to be going to the Olympian this year. Man, it kind of didn't hit me, you know, like I'm not really, I'm not really mentally there as in like, is this really happening? I'm like going to the Olympia. I just turned pro, like a few months ago. I know. We just interviewed you. So it's a pretty great feeling. I have to be honest, I think I was happier placing fourth in New York because I had no expectations whatsoever on how I'd stack on my first show, but I think going into Vancouver I was a lot more confident. Of course, I'm sure you are because to get that first show under your belt is kind of takes the nerves away and now you're in your hometown, so to speak, you're in Canada. So it's got to feel a little more comfortable for you competing up there. It was kind of weird because they had the Chicago Pro in the same week and that's true. Vancouver, and it kind of split the lineup. Personally, I feel you would have won if you would have combined the lineup for both shows. I think you still would have won. Was that a strategic move on your part to do the Vancouver or instead of the Chicago, or it's just because you live in Canada? You decide if you can. I honestly think so too. I came in four pounds heavier than I did in Toronto, or even more. Five pounds heavier. I waited in Toronto on scale at 194, 195, with clothes. I remember I told you I put stuff in my clothes just in the end. In Vancouver, I was 201. Better look for you. Better look. I was a lot fuller, bigger, same condition. I was pretty confident. It wasn't really much of a strategic thing. I think it was just because Vancouver's closer to me than just flying to the states and the border and everything. Going to the states in general, I'm brown. Airports are not the funnest experiences. I was like, don't you get profile that these airports? I'm always the guy who is randomly selected. You are. You feel they're doing that because you are arrogant. I don't care about it. I know you don't care about it. You don't care but you do. When you're in Rome, do the Romans. This is how they do things. I'm okay with it. I got nothing to hide. Wanna check my bags. Check my bags. It's fine. But yeah, I'm always the guy who is step on the side. Sir, please. Then you think they make you step to the side because you have double, you're like double like a prejudice against you because you got these Arabic thing going. Then you also are bodybuilder which is bad. That'd be worse. It's red X all over. That's right. That's right. I actually thought that I was going to see more Iranian to 12 guys in the Vancouver line. If you're Iranian, you can't go to the US but you can go to Canada. No man, they didn't get the visas. People don't understand. People who see social media thinking Canada is all like, yeah, bring them all in. It's not true. It's not true. It's just as hard to get a visa to Canada as it is in the States. If you get rejected in the States, that's it. You're forgetting to get a visa to Canada. Oh, really? So I didn't even realize that. Interesting. It's a lot harder than people think. It's kind of crazy. I said this before. I said, professional athlete should have exemption from what they're doing to these people. Not letting them into these countries because athletes are like, I remember back when Russia was the Soviet Union and it was a communist country. For them to travel overseas was a big deal. Today we're afraid people were going to defect in everything like that. But the professional athletes will always exempt from the restrictions of travel because it was for competition. I always thought that the athletics were held above all the political tensions in this world. I said, it's not. It's kind of sad, but the sad. Because we have nothing to do with anything. And you know what? Since we're on the topic, did you read some of the comments that were on our last video? I can only imagine. Am I a Muslim, a sympathizer now? A sympathizer? No. Like, see, my son watches the videos too. Like he's seven. And one of the comments, you know, when you talked about my burns, one of the comments was like, is he was making a bomb? Oh, really? You know, people are so stupid. I wish I were, you got to point those things out to me. I would move them on those comments. It's not that. I'm glad I'm saying it so people can understand. Like guys, it's not cool that my son comes and asks me, Dad, are you making a bomb? Yeah. When that fire happened, like, we're athletes. We don't, there is that we have nothing to do with religion, politics, anything. We just love bodybuilding. We're going to wherever country to compete, to have fun, and just to be involved in something that we really love doing. That's why I always liked the, there's a lot of things about bodybuilding that's messed up. But I will say one thing. And maybe some people will disagree with me. I have yet to see any prejudice. It's the only venue where I see all people from all walks of life, whether they be black, white, Asian, Arabic, Jewish, Italian, you know, transgender, gay. No one judges anyone in the bodybuilding world. Everyone is kind of cool with everything that anyone does. All we're interested in is how much frickin' mussel you have and how ripped you are. That's it. That's what we judge you on. Yeah, that's what's beautiful about bodybuilding, man, is that you know, we're a small community relative to all the other bigger sports. So I think that's why you know, and as sense we take care of each other more. You know, we don't judge each other and everyone gets along. Even the, especially the athletes, everyone gets along with each other. Which is pretty cool. Yeah, I mean, the worst argument you have is whether the guy thinks that you know, your waist is not small enough for your abs or your glutes are not ripped enough. That's the only thing that people criticize each other. And if that's the only criticism you have, you know, that's your, you're living in a blessed world. That's for sure. It's so superficial, you know. What's next, you know, I guess you're just going to get ready for the Olympia, right? Um, I need some, I'm taking like a few days off. I still train. But from the diet, I'm taking a few days off. I'm still actually doing my morning cardio because the rebound is just brutal. It's horrible, man. God damn. You look like you gained about 25 pounds already. Yeah, something. I hope you, I wish you didn't say that because now my coach is going to know. I said, I told him, I told him 18. But you know, it's, it's 18 pounds of water. You know, the rest is maybe like a little, you know, you're probably gained two pounds of muscle if I know your physique. Bro, I don't know. I'm taking a few days off. I'm traveling this weekend for four days with my wife. And we had a trip booked. We had a trip booked right after Toronto. But when I had a conversation with Flex Lewis backstage in Toronto and he told me, keep going. He was like, I heard of you in New York and I saw you now in Toronto and, you know, he said, strike when the axe is hot. Right. He's like on disappear and actually that kind of, you know, resonated in me. And I stole my wife in all of on it. You know, so we're at a mouse who close to the qualifying for the Olympia. She had no idea. Oh. So she was like, okay, so we're back on prep. I'm like, no, we got a trip booked. Oh. She actually told me cancel the trip. Oh wow. She said she's not going on that trip. Unless I do Vancouver first. And I canceled it. Did Vancouver and now it's well earned. We're going hopefully. That's nice. Your arms look like they're about 24 inches right now. Yes. So to give us a little arm shot there. See what you look like. That's nice. Flex. That's pretty good. It's pretty impressive for a 12 guy. You look like an open guy with the sizes of your package. I think they're they measure 20. Yeah, that's impressive. How tall are you again? Um, um, um, five six and a half. I thought girls on five seven. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. So let me let's put it this way. We got about eight or nine weeks to the Olympia. You go in on your trip. You come back. You get into prep mode 100%. And what do you you fly in a week before? What do you how do you do the Olympia thing? Because you got to make weight, right? But when you make it way if you're easy. So that doesn't really matter. I don't know. I don't have a problem with weight. Yeah. I'm going to be in Vegas hopefully maybe Wednesday. Okay. Wednesday. I don't like showing up too early. It's for me it's more of an an out kind of thing. Yeah. Yeah. I like going a couple of days before. Um, just for the tanning. I don't know if I'm going to be on the press conference or not. I think it's usually people who win pro shows that get beyond the press conference. You just want to pressure. Yeah. So I don't know if it's that or the guys who are previously from last year. Oh yeah, who knows? I don't know. But just in case I'm going in a day, uh, a day early. But man, like I'm I'm going to unleash a complete new demon for this prep. I hope. Yeah. I think I think you're going to be dangerous on that Olympia stage. I do. I think that people got to be watch out for you. I, you know, they no one ever predicted I play Swallow and in New York. No one predicted I'd win a pro show. You know, every time I see these pages, they're always hyping. I can't say anything. I'm not, I'm not that kind of guy who would, you know, say anything online at all. Right. But I was, I just, was this close to being like, you guys are are, are hyping the wrong guy. Ha ha ha ha ha. Um, and, you know, I, I gained every show I was better than the one before my body. Loves, dieting. It just reacts so well to lower calories and higher intensity workouts. It responds well to cardio. I've gained two pounds maybe between New York and Toronto and at least another four between, um, between Toronto and Vancouver. And this time I have eight weeks. Well, we're looking forward to seeing you up on that stage and a good luck with the prep enjoy evocation and keep us updated. And I hope to be interviewing you in, uh, in that top five, but winter circle in the Olympia. That's the goal. That's it. Keep that top five to qualify again for next year. Yeah. Enjoy. You know, the fruits of your labor, congratulations on the big win. Thanks a lot, Dave. Appreciate it. God bless. All right. That'll take us to the end of another RX muscle. New is update. I'm Dave Palombo. We'll see you next time.