you trust First, we'll first pre-work out VAPE. Dave Alonbo here with an RX muscle rant. Today's topic is how to deal with social media, how to deal with the mental aspect of the sport. I originally wanted to have IFB pro Ian Valier on the show after his New York pro Victor Marie, and I wanted to talk about this because he's been a victim of an onslaught of people saying he should have won the show and he did look good and other people should have been him and I know it really affects him personally because I've seen him arguing with these people online. I wanted to just say a couple of things about social media. It's a whole new brave new world today that it was when I competed back in the 1990s and 2000s, early 2000s because social media was not an issue. You had to deal with the people responding to the magazines but there was no way to fit them directly to give their input. However, people still talk behind your back if they're Jim and stuff like that. What I noticed about when I was coming up was that I had to learn to put splinters on my eyes and just say, hey, you know what? Walk through life, worry about yourself. And I know it's easier said than done. When I would go to the shopping mall and I would walk through it then I would always wear a tank top and show ourselves. I was always sweating and hot and I was big and whatever. People would whisper stuff and I'm sure saying, sir, sir, sir, and all the notches, jealous things that people say. But I didn't even hear it. I was oblivious to it because I just blocked it out and I didn't care about what people said. I was interviewing Logan Frank and earlier today and we were talking about that because he puts it out there. Hey, look, you know, I know that what I got is good enough to beat anyone in the sport. He's very confident about it. He's not cocky in the sense that he doesn't bad mouth the other people. He just basically puts it out there and says, hey, look, I can stand with anyone. And I'm not going to back down and this is my belief and he just won the New York Pro and Classic physique. And he's got a really very healthy attitude about what he's bringing to the stage. Jay Kuntler had a very strong mindset too. He just didn't care if people said his waist is too wide or this is not good enough or he'll never beat Ronnie Coleman. He didn't let the good opinion of others affect his outcome. What he did, how he lived, how he focused on what he wanted to manifest or bring to reality in his life. And I think it's important as body bull is that we understand there is a mental aspect of this game. And it's a very strong mental aspect. Some people think they, or some people know that they're good enough to win. And some people don't think they deserve to win, even though they have the tool set genetically to do it. Flex Wheeler was very open about saying that he failed like he could never beat Ronnie Coleman. He felt he was always going to be second to him. Right then, and there was no way he could ever beat him with that mindset. Jay Kuntler, when I'm recordin' it, always said that I could beat Ronnie. I'm gonna beat Ronnie and he really believed it and he made it happen. So Flex Wheeler might have been the most genetically blessed, you know, best body builder of all time, had he had the mindset of Jay Kuntler or Dorian Yates or Ronnie Coleman to that matter. People who believed that there was no way they could lose because no one can outwork them. Both physically in the gym and both mentally when it comes to the mind game. Arnold also, a very strong mind game. He went so far as to play mind tricks on the other competitors to psych them out. Now, guys don't do that today on a regular basis because it is a little disrespectful. Now, you get called out for that on social media. Back then, it was a magazine article you did, you saw a guy's at the gym. It was a different reality. Nowadays, if you're too cocky or you're too obviously kind of saying to people, you'll get called out on social media. But a lot of guys do and they don't even care about that. So the answer to or the question is, how do you deal with social media when it really starts affecting you? You don't allow it to bother you. You do your thing. You know, whenever you compete for anything, whether it be body building, I used to look at the magazines and look at the different competitors who I felt were my competition at the national level and I would try to dissect them and figure out, how can I beat them here, how can I beat them there? Every time a new guy came on the block, it was like stressful because I was worried about, oh my god, I'm going to beat this guy and then at some point I said to myself, stop worrying about who's out there. Worried about yourself. Look at yourself in the mirror. Say, what do I need to improve and work on that and bring the best day, polumbot to the stage that you can possibly bring. Bring the best, the invalid year to the stage you can possibly bring. Bring the best, Logan Franklin to the stage you can possibly bring. And then left the judges decide because you know why at the end of the day, he invalid the year left the New York pro as the champion and he should feel like a champion. He doesn't need the fans to validate his victory. The judges did and that's all that matters is what the judges think. He's going to the Olympia. He's the New York pro champ. It doesn't matter in six months, not only remember the show anymore, they'll just know in one of the New York pro. And so don't take everything so seriously. It always seems way more serious right when it happens, but the truth of the matter is that no one's going to remember who play second in the New York pro in another year. They're not going to remember Justin Rodriguez was right there. I know there was a video released about, did Max, Charles gets screwed. You can say the fans could say whatever they want. It doesn't matter. The judges voted. And you know what? I think the judges are doing a very good job. I think in that effect that they did a very good job in picking any value. I think he was the winner. Was he better than Tampa? Absolutely. Absolutely. Does he still have tan issues? Yeah, his tan still wasn't good. Is he not showing confidence on stage? Yes, he was not smiling at pre-judge. He's got to work on that. But was he the best body up there? I say he was. I think a who's son, Massafa, Massafa has a tremendous physique with almost zero flaws. He wasn't hard enough. I think Justin Rodriguez's got probably had the best conditioning on stage. But I think his legs were a little shallow compared to his own body. He flowed well compared to Ian. I think Ian had much better legs than he did. But Ian had no calves. Well, who cares? All right. It's one body part that was not a weakness. It was just not enough to snuff with how big his legs are. But that's hardly a reason for him not winning the show. All the other competitors had their own weaknesses. Was Max, Charles, maybe his best? He was close to it. I think Milis did a great job. It wasn't deserved to the victory. I don't think so. I don't think his legs could hold a match to, or I can handle like this is the right expression to Ian Valiers. I think Ian had all the body parts. Right where he needed to be. I think his posing was better. He was more relaxed. He was fuller. He wasn't flat. His enthusiasm could have been a little better on stage. But he had the best physique. I think the Tyler Manning who was head judge did a fantastic job. I can completely defend his decision whether I, whether Chris the Cito agrees with me, or Milis agrees with me or not. It doesn't matter. I think the right decision was made. The truth of the matter was that no one was perfect at that show. Probably Justin Rodriguez was about as close to his purpose as possible. But sometimes you can be your best and it's not good enough to beat the guy who might be a little bit off. He's been in Valiers as a top 6 Olympian if he puts it together mentally because he's got the physique to do it. He's got to take all the little things that we have control over presentation, coloring on stage. Okay, confidence on stage. These are things he needs to work on. He's very immature in that sense. But that doesn't mean that his physique was not deserving of the victory. And you know what? For him to allow these shocks on social media to negatively influence him, for him to argue with people online to try to justify his winters stupid. He doesn't have to. Phil Pink made that same mistake after the Olympia. And he should have just said, you know what? Scor these people. Cares. And they don't matter to my life. They're not important. It's what's in here that's important. What's in here that's important because that's where you create. That's where you make things happen. You can do that. No one else can do it. You can justify yourself verbally for winning a show, or losing a show. That doesn't mean that you deserve it. Okay? Your physique does the talking. Another way to improve that is to work on it internally. You can't affect anyone else out there except yourself. And that's the bottom line and take on mine. But you can allow these other people to affect you. If you do, you're foolish because you're allowing the public opinions voice to destroy a deconstruct all the great stuff that you're doing to yourself. Ian should be out there saying, you know what? This is what I did. This is what I'm going to improve and talk about the tough, tough battle he's fought with confidence versus dealing with social media. Because that's the real issue here. We're in a brave new world like I mentioned earlier. You've got to learn to deal with social media and handle them properly. Some people are more mature. Some people are less mature. Coming up growing up, I was very immature when I was younger. It took me a long time to hit to be mature and to actually understand who I was and to be confident in that. And everyone with choice at different levels. I think Jay Colt was born mature. Never seen the guy ever get ruffled. But that's everyone's different. So just because Ian Valier acts one way and Logan Franklin acts another way and Jay Colt acts another way doesn't make it one better than the other. But as bodybuilders we have to understand where we're standing up in front of a bunch of people and the entire world on social media and being judged. If you can't handle that, get out of the sport. That's a fact of life. You're going to be judged by everyone. But the only one that matters are the judges. And if you can convince them, you're the best. You did you job. Ian you did you job. You the New York Pro Championship. Stop worrying about what everyone else is thinking. On day polonbo with an RX muscle rant.