I'm Dave Palombo and today's guest is a very special one. He's the 2018 Arnold Classic Champion. He might be the next man to win the men's physique Olympia crown. He's our good friend Andre Ferguson. What's up? What's going on? Hey, you're you've been very quietly. I know. I've been very low key bleeding up to the Olympia. No hype, no hoopla. Kind of just lay in low. Is that this is your new style? I just think I've done for that. It's your favorite day, man. I'm just focused on what I'm trying to accomplish. You know, in the past the last couple years you kind of ran the gamut of doing every freaking show leading up to the Olympia and it worked for you. It worked for you. You look you've got better and better where you a little concerned this year because obviously one of the Arnold you shut it down, you know, and you kind of like lay it low You feel that you kind of need to get the edge back and you feel confident that you can bring your best to the Olympia without having to do a million shows leading up to them. I'm already better right now than I've been in any prepped And why is that, Andre? The time off serve my body justice man taking the rest and then prepping for double the time so I could do it slowly without running myself in a Deground like I feel fresh still. I'm fresh. We haven't done anything extreme because we haven't had to Say you look bigger than I've ever seen you this time at this point out. 10 pounds you're getting 10 pounds of muscle from last year Yeah Or from the Arnold was it which one was from the Arnold what you're a genetic freak man You really are what I was 194 I weighed 184 at the Arnold and I don't have much left to lose and I'll probably gain a pound into a muscle Like going down the stretch so would you weigh it last year's Olympia One about 184 185 that's a big big jump. You know will the conditioning be as good as it was at the Arnold I'm already beating all of that now so your leaner and 10 pounds heavier. Oh yeah, oh yeah Now what do you treat me that is that because you stop dieting all year wrong and you actually gave yourself a little bit of an off season That's exactly what it is because usually I'm always like you said I'm always dieting so I never really give myself a my body But chance to really really grow like I can put on like pounds of muscle incrementally, but to make a super jump I had to sit down Wow, do you look impressive I gotta say I want to ask you a controversial question because a couple months ago Jeremy boing deacquad a lot of flack for putting out Like an interview with some media organization where he said that you know Him and men's physique in general saved body building and A lot of people took offense that especially the body was a sick offense to that and they felt that you know The mister Olivia competition was never in jeopardy that the body building you know No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, first thing I'm gonna say is that stay up right How come the bodybuilders get to talk down on the men's physique guys and crack all these jokes and say whatever they want to But a man's physique I said something back and we're so disrespectful your Dave will all men here I'm not less than no lesser of a man than anybody in the open Dave Why because I don't choose to walk around at 270 pounds. I'm lesser of a man. No, I miss me with all of that Dave But to your question now I don't think it was everyone's jeopardy. No, but do I think that men's physique and bikini made it bigger of course I agree I agree even though Jeremy wants to sue me look He I still agree with what he I agreed with he whether he said I agreed all time You know, he did just the thing Bodybuilding was is and will always be king yeah, it will always be king But if you know this certain they like a lot of the endorsement contracts are going to mention these guys now Because it's more men's it's more mainstream fitness isn't Let's say all right Dave let's go back 10 years right 15 years ago It was only a couple of supplement companies and it was the bodybuilders who with the only people Taking supplements or doing bodybuilding now it's so mainstream that everyone does it That someone can send their mom to Walmart to go get protein from them and they're not necessarily going to want to buy the one with filth He thought it because that's not the look necessarily they're going to achieve when they because They don't even realize that Just because you drink that doesn't mean you're going to look like so he but that's the perception of it Right, no, I am a serious thing Do you um feel that Men's physique maybe doesn't get the love it should on the Olympia stage because you guys really kind of compete at the expo But well, so they're going to have competed the expo if they take us from the expo they would be no one at that Well, why can't you do pre judging at the expo in the night show at the on the Olympia stage in the Orleans arena? I agree with that. I agree with that right yeah You know what I'm gonna put that right I agree with that yeah, I mean I think that at this point You know it's been around long enough and established itself now as as a real Competitive sport the physique's have evolved It's from what they started that to what they are now. It's like night and day, you know now It's Rob bodybuilding. Yeah, there's no there's no difference between us and any other division besides eating more food and doing more drugs Dave I can competing any division if I want to any one of them But do I do I have to desire to know But what so I'm taking the easy way out or whatever the hell they want to call it because I don't I I'm not subscribing to that I'm not subscribing to walking around at 260 pounds or not right So you're you're ruling that after you originally tell me you're gonna go to the open division right No, I said if I said I'll sit down and think about it But honestly you're right now it makes no sense well you're almost at the almost one the Olympia so of course It doesn't make sense for you You're right when I look why wouldn't I stay here in Dominique And then right off into the sunset and stop competing right Let me ask you question do you have legs? Yeah, you train you have bodybuilder legs like that legs like I don't got bodybuilder legs So you can do one if I wanted to I got these focus on them for four months Dave when I tell you I can make any muscle grow like me Any muscle grow like these train to twice a week You're you are genetic free. Let me ask you this question if you did classic physique how do you think you do? Oh, I have to put on my my classic cuz he wait is still in like five six pounds All right, but you can you could do that in one three weeks probably? No, but it have to be put on in certain spots Wait, I need it. I'd have to add more to my back. Okay. I'd have to add more to my legs. You got a great back when you talk to them Do I think I could be good? Yeah, I think I could be real good, but it would take time I'm not gonna say oh I'm going to classic next season I'm gonna be the man oh hello that ain't happy. Well, what do you do this? Let's say you win the Olympia Okay, or you or come in second or let's we're not gonna I don't want to jinx you. Let's say you come in top two with the Olympia Why not next year? Do the arle as in in physique when that and then do like another classic physique show during the year just for the shits and giggles I'm not competing at all in the season. You're not Nope, why not Just because you're honestly I'm just gonna go and enjoy my quality of life Then and get the off the stage money Okay, you're not gonna do the Olympia or you'll do the Olympia. No, I'm gonna do the Olympia. I don't know no new your pro none of those shows Yeah, okay Why not what about just doing a classic physique show to see how you do? Not I'm not competing like it doesn't it just doesn't You have been ripping and running for the last four or five years, man. I want to enjoy my quality of life I just want to I just want to relax go on some vacations Just chill out not worry about prepping for shows right now Is that is that financially viable for you now? Oh, hell yeah But look, but look I've never been you'll just check the show checks. I don't care about the show checks That's not what I make my money So where do you make your money? I make my money off my three salaries that I get and my appearance fee So you are so you are getting a parent's fees now. Oh, yeah, oh yeah Where have you been going this year this past year? What what is the highlights You know Texas twice can tuck the floor or does that was everywhere man? That's where it comes everywhere. What was the most fun place you went to? Oh I You I have fun at all because if the home is an ad bro for a morning Georgia that we have Do you go out when you're there and and party or you just kind of chill out? No, we don't we don't party. It's not up thing Yeah, you don't party. It's just just not out thing I figured you were living the rock and roll lifestyle so you're very very low key now, huh? Yeah, let Like I've been then did that David doesn't like it's not something that I need to be doing It does not like prevalent to me like I don't like all shit. I got to go party. I can kill us for it Since you you've attained the level of celebrity in the men's physique world Have you noticed a lot more people like wanting to contact you and be involved with you in a business Or end romantic you have a lot of girls contacting you, you know on Instagram. So many That you crazy What what's her name's calling right now? What what's the girls in? What girl on the other line? I almost got you I almost got you almost got him You're a you All right, what's up? Yeah, but you know I get I get contacted regularly I'm not gonna lie yeah, I got a lot of opportunities come to my door I don't have to go chasing that's great. You're fine. That's me. You're made it when they come to you you made it you know Couple years ago you were on your way to say that because that's what my coach said all right Success is when is when you don't have to pursue things success is when things pursue you that's right That's right. Let me see if I double buy some post Yeah, you can definitely your classic physique. I'm telling you man. You've got it man I got enough muscle though like you're like a giant you were maybe a Johnny Jackson's body, you know You're a look wow when I go to like It's like flex sitting in two twelve and dominating for seven eight years I think they're like dude. I'm a suit right here get comfortable put my feet up and I'm gonna try to beat a best that could be right here in this division I'd like you would like to constantly prove yourself this would be great if you did a classic physique show and you won That would be like another freaking feather in your resume there I Get it don't get it. I get it. I think you do it If I didn't you could do it this immense physique guys did our great men's physique guys, but they never could do bodybuilding or for classic You definitely can do it because you got them you got the bodybuilder like body, you know? I'm not saying I can't do it But I just don't have to desire to do it. All right, look when the Olympia that's the most important Can you be Jeremy? The Olympia her Jeremy's looking really good Yo, he's shaping up nice dude. He's shaping up nice the champs shaping up nice But you're better I'm better than I'm trying to be better than everybody your daddy's not about individuals to me. I don't focus on individuals When you focus on individuals that's how you end up losing I focus on winning people people get Quarter-up in chasing other people's physics oh shit. He's already shredded six weeks out Damn I got start doing more cardio now you're driving from your own plan because you're trying to chase being second best that somebody else's Right now I'm just doing my own thing Dave. I'm going for mine Okay, well you look great and like I said you've got to be have some tremendous momentum from that Arnold classic victory earlier in the year and I think that you got to be the man to beat you know I have to Jeremy obviously so Jeremy's got to be worried I guess about you first I don't know who else is up there. I guess you think right mom yeah Raymont friend Brandon Ryan I mean did everyone's got a shot you know I guess but who do you like you like Raymont? I know you like his physical Well, I don't really think everyone has a shot though Dave Who's got the shot just you? I think Raymont has a great shot too. Why do you think why you think he's why he's got a great shot? Because he's tall you took four you took fourth last year at the Olympia. I'm going by steps took fourth last year at the Olympia Yeah, second at the Arnold one kids verb one New York Right right what about Brandon? I know you guys got peace, but what about Brandon? I think he took himself out of position You do he was third left here though, but then he got third at the Arnold and then he went into those shows and then he took the L to Joel simply True okay and and if he doesn't come back significantly better I think he's gonna end up dropping you know and he tends to be inconsistent You know is that you're pretty consistent he seems to be up and down when he's at up he's his best and he's hard to beat when he's not Well, look at his best. I He get he loses that his best still Yeah, when I'm at my best. I don't do this. That's sure That's sure there's only one Andre now there's only one Andre Ferguson now remember now right like You don't even know you see the Arnold the dude is massive on stage bro Yeah He's a different breed of dude like even me even I have to I a hard time keeping up with the muscular Already that's why they told me to get bigger they would like to go to Raymont is very muscular. You can go put on the couple more counts of muscle Interesting Yeah, the men's physique division has evolved quite a bit since its inception where the guys were weighing in the 170s No, it's not now What's it but people still but the bodybuilders who want to refer to old men's bikini Is that it though a guy cracking jokes thinking it's cute, but if I start cracking jokes about y'all Y'all get what hurting your feelings about and then I'm disrespectful this dad and a third not man Look look you if you want to dish it out you gotta be able to take it and you're right you're right You just get back at it when I do it you'll Dave. I'm no lesser of a man because I choose to be in this division What does me being what does me being? 195 versus me being 240 make me a more or less of a man I think you make it I think you make this division cool. I think you're good for the division because I think that you you legitimize it I think You you look like a bodybuilder to me and I think that that's Really what people want people wanted a figure someone who represents the sport and Jeremy's got a bodybuilder To don't get me wrong you guys both have bodybuilders physics and some people say hey, you know what that guy had a work Real hard to get there he didn't just wake up with abs one morning and get on stage That's how the but that Andre that's how the division started it was beach body Guys it went to clubs on the weekend and they got they took a dioratic and they jumped up on stage now with bodybuilders You know wholeheartedly true and that's what I say like what are they doing that to harder than I'm doing We're also putting the same hours in a gym. We're all still putting the same hours in on the diet Oh, let's talk about check that do more cardio than them guys like I want to see these open bodybuilders little cardio I know yeah, like them got oh, they say oh, it's easy to do what you guys do oh, you guys got to do it cardio you guys only left the lip I could say go it's easy to do what you guys do all I got to do is eat a excessive amount of food I don't even got a cardio that's easy Right, right, you could it can go either way. It's You have to respect every division for what it is Sure, and at the same time it's all bodybuilding If we're eating we're sleeping we're training we're doing all the same things a bodybuilders doing besides we're taking less drugs and not eating all the food There's not there's no difference So what oh, I'm sorry that if I want to live past 60 days. I'm sorry my bad My bad if I don't want to be on kidney dialysis You're the best on drain