Welcome back to live with Broughty by Species Nutrition. Visit speciesnutrition.com. I'm Dave Palombo. And today's guest is a very special one. He won the Canadian National's Little, the 12th of that Vancouver Pro Am a few weeks ago. In the same day, I say the next day, he entered the Pro Rikes in place fifth of his first pro show in classic physique. The man I'm talking about is Isaac Bear. Welcome to the show. Hey Dave, thanks for having me. Wow, what a crazy night you had or crazy weekend. I should say you had it at the Vancouver Pro Am. You turned pro in classic physique and then you went and competed in the pro division and you placed top five all in the same weekend. Yeah, it was pretty overwhelming. That's for sure man, especially crack in the top five in the pro is being taken pounds under the weight limit. Yeah, did you have any intention of doing that or that was just kind of like a last minute thing they said, hey, you won. You want to do the pro show, want to jump in. Yeah, I mean, if I did win the card, I told myself, I'm already here. I'm already conditioned, you know, I may as well roll into the pro show and see how I do, and if anyone didn't know you were from Canada, you just tip your hat right there with a little bit of that A. Either that or you're from Wisconsin, then I don't think you're from Wisconsin with that accent. Talk to me a little bit about, I mean, you, this is not an overnight sensation type story that you have. You've been doing this for almost 10 years now. You've been banging away at first and body building obviously switching to classic when that came out. Talk to me at how did you get your beginnings? Where did your first get into just the body building in and what made you decide you wanted to do this maybe at a higher elite level? Um, yeah, I got into body building at 18. It was just growing up, I always idolize, like, you know, like a hercules like physique. And a friend of mine, she wanted pro card and at 18, I was like, how did you look like that? You know, when I always grew up reading, you know, the magazines and stuff like, you're, your articles and muscular development, did, um, did one show when I was hooked. Ever since then, I've just done a show a year after a year, trying to just be a better bodybuilder. You know, it wasn't necessarily, I'm going to go pro and be famous. I just did it because I loved it, man. Were you doing well in body building competitions? Or were you not doing so well? And then when classic came out, you started, you know, really, you know, shining. No, I did really well. I wanted a few provincial shows. I wanted some overalls. And then when I got to the national stage, I did my first national heavyweight class at 24 and I placed 15th. So that kind of was like a buzz killer, right? Especially after winning to shows. And then the next year, classic came out and I was kind of on the fence because dropping from 220 pound stage weight to dropping down to 200. That was like, uh, you know, bodybuilders to get bigger. Not get smaller, right? Sure. So I gave it a shot. I placed tight second at the 2017 Nationals ended up getting third. And that kind of lit a new fire onto me. I'm like, hey, maybe I can do well in classic. And then the next year I ended up winning my pro card in classic. So yeah, it was a good switch. How do you lose 15 pounds of muscle? How did you do that? Was a cardio man and no food barely just had to burn it off. It was really hard. Yeah. Now is it easier now that you've gotten down to weight once to make that weight again? Or, and how do you train in the offseason now? Do you have to just do maintenance type training? Yeah. Well, that's exactly it, right? So I basically maintenance training. I couldn't grow at all, you know, because making 200 or the struggle. Fortunately this year they up the amtries at 205. Right. So that's five on difference was it was good. But still trying to make 205 when you walk around at 255 is tough man. It was really tough. You pulled the code in my summary. Now in the pro range, you're going to be able to weigh what? 215? 215. Yeah. So I can have a good night's offseason and you know, try putting on some quality muscle. It's, I right. Yeah, the strip off all this muscle. Now you're going to go put it back because now you're just, what? I'm like, I was, you know, you're having a minute. You're having a minute now, but I can actually train, you know, I can actually lift some heavy weights and eat some food instead of eating like a bird and worrying about putting on an extra count of how hard it's going to be to take it off, right? Don't you think, I mean, I think it should be this way. Don't you think the classic amateur weight should be the same as the pros? I think it should be close. I should say a five pound difference just because I feel like as an amateur with the weight increase, it gives the amateur guys to really now develop a better physique going into the pros, right? So I kind of like the weight difference, but I mean, five pounds would be ideal for sure, not 10. Now, you have an interesting training, I guess methodology for those viewers out there who watch all our programming, I did a couple programs on DNA analysis, where you can actually get your DNA ready. And, in fact, my daypalumber.com website has DNA kits. You can order them and you send them in and the lab up in the Canada where we're going to talk about in a minute. Test your DNA and we'll tell you what you're strong in, what you're weak in, and, you know, what you have mutations in, what you don't have mutations in. And you kind of had that done, you had your DNA tested and you work with Carmen Tuchinek over there who does the DNA diva, you know, who we had on the show and who I work with and who did my DNA. And tell us about how that training went and how that differed from things you had done in the past. Well, at the DNA, we really dialed down the foods that my body could break down, right? You know, we found out I am having a gluten sensitivity lactose sensitivity, so we really avoided any of those food strength prep. We found out my body has high iron production, so we used proper supplements to battle that which helped my chronic fatigue and with not being fatigued, I was able to train harder, train better. And with the DNA testing with all the proper supplements and vitamins, it actually got my metabolism very, very healthy. So I was able to do only 30 minutes of cardio this prep versus, you know, 80, 90 minutes. And I only started 30 minutes of cardio five weeks out from my show versus, you know, 80 minutes for full 16 weeks, right? So the DNA really just catered everything down, you know, and maybe go from a Ford focus to a Ferrari, I guess, and it works, it worked really well. Right. How did you combat that iron issue you had? We would incorporate a higher dose of calcium with every meal and the calcium help combat that iron. So yeah, I worked well. There's actually quite a few more things I need to sit down with Carmen and go over, because we basically did the DNA and went straight into prep, but we didn't use any fat to this prep because my body doesn't utilize the fats properly either, so that was a big change compared to previous prep, so we had a lot of fats, right? So it worked well. Would you, are you going to read, use them again, and you're going to stick with this approach? I mean, was enough to convince you that this is what you need to do? Oh man, 100%. Like, as you know, like I've been competing nine years, I've done everything from, you know, everything you can think of to get ready for a contest, right? But this was by far the easiest, most enjoyable prep I've ever had. You know, 10 days old from my show, I was old golfing, and that's, you know, usually 10 days old from a show, I'm sitting in my room with the lights off, just trying not to eat everything in sight, but yeah, this prep was good man. It was, I recommend it to anyone, and it's good in the health aspect of things, right? It's not necessarily just body building, but up fine, you know, you can find chronic diseases through your genetics and stuff like that. So just on the whole spectrum of health. If I can be healthy and be a better bodybuilder, you know, why not, right? Yeah, no, it's great. When I had my DNA tested, I'm glad I did because I found out that I don't have any real predisposition for like Alzheimer's or dementia, which I'm convinced that I'm getting that because my dad is like going through it and like, yeah, I see him every day, and I'm like, oh, no, I can't remember anything either. But I have my DNA. My DNA is working to my favorite for this one. So hopefully, you know, the DNA test was right. Really, it does, it puts your mind at ease for certain things and it makes you alert to other things that you didn't even know that you should worry about and maybe supplement with and be aware of. So I recommend everyone to do it once again. If you want to get tested, I have these kits on the day below the site. You send away, we send you the kit, you swab your cheek, you put it in the vial, you send it away. They, they will call you up then and they will give you an email, you all your DNA analysis and they'll go over it with you, which is great. Explanacy, what, you know, you're good at what you're not good at and what you have to be aware of. So, and what's going to do you want to work you more in depth with a trainer, like you can call Tom Carman to check yourself and work with her. But I love science. I love when people can employ science and make themselves better at what they do. Isaac and I think that you have done that and maybe gave yourself an advantage. Maybe some of your competitors will say, well, I want to do their DNA now to see what you did to help. You, you, you be. Yeah, I'm an awesome all about promoting healthy body building, right? So I've had a few people reach out already asking about it and I'm all for getting them to do it. Why not? Yeah. Now, when the IFB be amateurly split with the pro league, obviously Canada was split down the middle, which is kind of weird, because most countries need to go with one of the other. And yeah. Now that Canadian assules and the, what was the Canada Cup? Was that the other child that had it there? Um, it's no longer really a part of the IFB be pro league, you know, qualifying series. So they're using what the, the Vancouver pro am and they're using the Toronto pro am I believe, right? In replacement of those two shows, that correct? Yeah, we call it the Canadian physique alliance now. Right. So it should be the exact same as NPC rules and judging and stuff like that. Right. Which is great. But don't you think that they should change the name of the show, to make it sound a little more prestigious? Because I mean, yeah, you won't have been a covert pro am and turn pro, but, you know, we, much better if you could say on Mr. Canada or something like that. Yeah, you know, that would have been a good title to have for sure, but, I mean, that's just the way they're doing it, right? So you just gotta take it as it is. Yeah, I think they should change it to the Mr. Canada. You know, just like I really believe they should bring back the Mr. America title. Because I thought that was like the greatest title, say you Mr. America. You know what I mean? Well, and that's old school body building up until now. And it's like, oh, are you Mr. Universe now? Yeah, you, you, you, you, you, you. But then I'm like, uh, I'm Mr. Vancouver pro am I? Yeah, I, I, I, I, I, I. Hey, you're still an IFVP pro and that's all that really matters. And you actually have a top five finish in some Olympia points for the Olympia's thing. Are you done competing this year? Yeah, I'm done just, um, you know, I really want to add the, the, the feedback I got from the judges was really good, you know, they were happy with everything. It was just add some size to your upper body, you know, which is, you know, 10 pounds is a lot of muscle to put on. So I'm going to do the Toronto pro next year since being Canadian. I feel like next pro show should be in Canada. Right. And, um, I think Toronto pro gives me enough time to add the 10 pounds that I need to be a competitive pro. Yeah, you know, plus the fact that, you know, you, you already had the muscle on your body. So it shouldn't be that, it shouldn't take that long to get back the muscle that you lost, which is actually the advantage for you. Yeah, you know, yeah, 100% comes back pretty quickly. Well, I want to just congratulate you Isaac once again on the big win, uh, and the, the big top five placing in the pros, I think, which is even more impressive and, uh, keep up the great work and, we're looking forward to see you all in stage next year, 10 pounds bigger. Okay, man, thank you so much, here's my pleasure. All right, and that's going to take us to the end of another episode of live with Brought to you by Species Nutrition. Visit speciesnutrition.com. I'm Dave Palombo, we'll see you next time.