Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X-Box, our 30-year-in-a-row, and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry with a low-car caulk tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. On day polumbo and today is Monday, October 5th, 2020, and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. If someone asked me to define what I thought faith was, I think my best answer would be believing without knowing. For a lot of people, it's that faith or that belief in themselves or higher power that carries them through all the moments of struggle and doubt. And for someone like the Entry Campbell being anchored in something like this heading into your first Olympia can be a major advantage, even though the Entry is coming into this year's contest as somewhat of a long shot for a top 10, he was also in the same position to start the season. So it's not that he's in unfamiliar territory. And as long as he stays anchored, there's no doubt in my mind that he'll be just fine on December. Here's a fun fact, few. Did you know there's a part of your brain called the Basel Ganglia that stores information about habits and routines that actually is separate from our long-term memory region. And now the Dana Castillo is back in full-time prep mode. I bet your her Basel Ganglia has been working in overtime. This is the first year of Danny's career that she hasn't competed in a regular season show. And I can't help but wonder if her body will end up being better because of it. This will be the first time in a long time that the world has seen a fully rested Danny ready to attack the stage and if she can tap back into those old championship habits, I see her as a legitimate top 3 threat heading into December. 2020's taught me a lot about life, a lot about myself, and a lot about how important it is to be in the moment because tomorrow was never promised. So if I can get the Antoine Valleant one piece of advice heading into his first Olympia, it would be to find some time to sit back and enjoy the moment. Because you never know when the ride is going to end. According to Antoine's team, he's sitting close to 282 pounds right now and slowly getting better by the day. And a statement on Monday Antoine said that he's ready to climb Mount Olympus and do battle with the best athletes in the world. And that when he finally gets there, he'll be ready to unleash all of his energy like a bomb. But hopefully, on his way to the top, he'll take a minute to stop and enjoy the scenery. He's at the end of the day, the memories will be the only thing that lasts. According to Darwin, the survival of any organism is contingent on its biological fitness to adapt to its environment. So do me a favor, go back and look at the transformation that Nicholas Vullier's body has made over the last two years and tell me whether or not you think he understands how to adapt to change, especially the change that's occurring in the 2012 division. And the latest updates from Nick's camp, the former Olympian looks like he's in the process of evolving into a completely new version of what he was with the only caveat being that this version looks like it's even more dangerous than when we last saw him. For me, this is the perfect example of a cultural Darwin at work because either you adapt in the survival, you refuse to adapt and die a slow death. And to Nick's credit, he's all in on the survival. And that does it the yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning on the Epilumbo Remining You to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.