Day of the Lomo here with another RX Muscle rant brought to you by RedCon1. Today's topic Apple cider vinegar. You know guys I hear so many people saying so many things about this terrific product and people have asked me number one. That's really the question I get the most probably. If any of you know me and heard me talk about Apple cider vinegar you know that I really like the product and the product I talk about is not just any apple cider vinegar. It's the apple cider vinegar with the pulp stored it. It's also known as, quote, mother. Mother is the pulp that is it's unfiltered. When they crush the apple because the way apple cider vinegar is made is they crush apples up and then they add yeast and they turn it into basically wine. Then they further ferment that wine and they turn it into vinegar. Then a lot of times when they sell the vinegar in stores they filter the vinegar because the people don't like to see little particles and scrap flow in the vinegar. That's most of the vinegar that you buy in store. This apple cider vinegar with mother is the unfiltered version. That's what we're talking about. That's the one that you can see the brags up there. That's the one that really is the beneficial one and has all the health benefits to it. Now originally a lot of people, the big thing with apple cider vinegar is it alkalineizes your body and I've said this before too. Really what it does is it helps neutralize acidity in the body, specifically in the stomach. Whether it completely alkalineizes the entire body there's really no research to say that's true. There's anecdotal evidence and I believe it to be true but I'm not going to make that same but that's not really what I'm here to tell you. The question is does apple cider get a burn fat? I would have to say if literally no but indirectly yes and more than the benefits of apple cider vinegar is that it actually lowers blood glucose levels and no one really knows how it does this but when people take it they notice that they're fasting blood sugars in the morning are lower specifically people who run high blood sugars. If you guys out there are running some high blood sugars try it. There are two tablespoons in about six eight ounces of water before you go to bed. See what your fasting blood sugars are in the morning. If they're going down then you know what worked. I've noticed that. I actually do by accident sometimes because what I do is I add it to the tablespoon of it usually to my fiber-wise shake at night and my blood sugars are always good in the morning. I hadn't realized it until I actually saw the pattern and I kind of just read an article recently about that and I noticed you know I said you know on the days they take that the apple cider vinegar in my fiber. I am running lower blood sugars in the morning so that's an excellent benefit. Probably the benefit that I see the most used for it is especially since we're as body bowls we eat a lot of food. When you eat a ton of food you get a lot of indigestion. It just comes into the territory. You take a tablespoon of apple cider vinegar in four to six ounces or eight ounces of water. That acidity goes away instantaneously and I know a lot of people because they eat a lot of food they get hiccups too. I am sure a lot of you body goes out there and have encountered this before you are gorging on a lot of food trying to put weight on and you just have to hiccups all the time. And I have guys contacted me like that this tri apple cider vinegar. It's a great hiccup cure. Sticking with the throat because apple cider vinegar happens to be a great antibacterial accompanied with the kills bacteria on contact. You can put it on your face for if you have bad acne you can dab it on with like a cotton wool or a paper towel. You could gargle with it when you have a sore throat and I've done this before. You got it diluted. Don't do it straight. You usually put it in like put a table spoon and like four ounces of water. Five ounces of water and gargle with it and I'm telling you that the sore throat will go away faster. It really does. I don't know if it's killing. It's not killing the systemic bacteria but it's certainly killing any bacteria that's in your throat. A lot of times these sore throats are just localized at that area so that could definitely help increase or fix that a little better. Another one of the terrific anti-fax them, excuse me, apple cider vinegar, I'm looking at my cheeky because I have so many things I can't remember anymore, is it lowers LDL cholesterol. A lot of people have asked me about the anti-colesterol effects of apple cider vinegar and they have a shown experimentally. You can google these studies if you want that it does lower LDL cholesterol which is another great advantage of this stuff. So how do you really use it? What's the best way to use it? I kind of use it, try to use it once a day at least every day but if you're experiencing side effects like acidity, high acidity, maybe your blood, blood, blood, excuse me, blood cholesterol is high, maybe blood sugar is high. You might want to use it on a regular basis. During my three week detoxification program that I give to people, I have them use it three to five times a day for three weeks straight. It's for pure detoxification purposes. The best way to do it is I usually take a tablespoon and I put it in anywhere from four to eight ounces of water. Donald drink it straight. It's going to, it'll first of all, it can destroy the anamone you teeth because it's so acidic. So you want it to move it down without a doubt. You don't want to speak about a drinking apple cider vinegar. If you have bad breath, it sounds weird because vinegar doesn't really smell like it but if you gargle with the apple cider vinegar in your mouth, your mouth will feel so clean and refreshed after it's unbelievable because you know I kill a little bacteria. That curing your mouth will cause bad breath. And so once again there's a ton of excellent things that the apple cider vinegar could be used for. And once again, can they all be proven? No, but a lot of these things like lowering blood glucose, you can see experimentally and they have been studies to show that they do do these things. Once again, I like it especially for people who have indigestion. This is the best cure all that you could possibly use for indigestion. I don't care you could take tons, you could take out the cell to apple cider vinegar, works the best. And once again, if you get into a routine of using it every day, you know, once again, the best easiest way for me to do is I do a fiber life shake twice today so I just throw it in there. If you guys get into habit of doing that, you'll get two tablespoons in a day and again, your heart's feel better. And again, I guarantee your blood chemistry will come back better. Give it a shot. What do you got to lose? It might just be the best natural cure all that you can use for all the different little weird, you know, problems that you have. And as a bodybuilder, I'm going to tell you one more great thing that you probably didn't know that you can use the apple cider vinegar for. If you ever take a bad shot, a bad injection and you get bruising on your arms, say, or wherever you happen to take it, you take out the side of vinegar and you put it on a paper towel and you dab it on there. Just keep putting it on and on and on and on. Let it dry, put it on and on. It will disperse that bruising about ten times faster than if your body did it on its own. I don't know how it does it. It's kind of acts as an anti-inflammatory from what I understand, but it definitely disperses. I don't know if it brings blood flow to that area, but you'll see that bruise, you know, just kind of disperse. It actually looks worse in first because the blood just kind of just starts spreading out, but by the next day, it's almost gone. So there you go. You got a couple tips to try for this coming weekend. I'm Dave Palombo, but the other red card one, R-Axmuscle ran.