Welcome back to Muscle in the Morning. I'm Dave Palombo and today is Tuesday, August 21, 2018. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. When you come up an inch short of your goals, you have one of two choices. You need to curl up in a ball because you're spent emotionally from bleeding out your heart and so and it's still not enough or you can decide to get your butt up and go back and do it again. And I'll leave it to you to figure out which one of those two camps classic physique all star are Russia bar falls into. With less than a month ago now before you make the long trek out to Vegas for his third straight Olympia, the 2018 Arnold Classic runner up looks to me like a man who's ready to settle the score on a little unfinished business. In my mind, when he's at his best, the level of detail that he puts into his presentation makes this guy one of the supreme talents in the division. So it becomes out ready to battle, plan on seeing some fireworks up there and that first call out. Are any of you guys out there old enough to remember that the H1 show best week ever? Well come this time next month. How much do you want to bet that figure stand out? Bojana Vassaljavik is still riding the wave after the best Olympia week of her career. The word coming from my people near the Vassaljavik camp is that Bojana is well on her way to putting together the best look of her career for this year's contest, which should put her squarely somewhere in the top call out range according to my calculations. All year long we've seen Bojana slowly start to build into this rolling peak that looks like it's finally coming to ahead at the Olympia weekend. Given how strong her track records been up to this point, I wouldn't expect her to start slowing down anytime soon. You know, some out last week and I found myself binge watching like pen episodes of Shark Tank, mostly because I was fascinated by the irrational confidence that some people had with their terrible ideas. When you start looking around the two 12 division, there aren't too many irrational confidence guys out there who can back it up quite like third year powerhouse recorder career. Correras coming into his second consecutive Olympia with some heavy expectations heaped on to his shoulders after last year's breakout top 10 performance something I'm sure the former British national champ doesn't mind one bit. When he's fully dialed in, Correra has one of those super round 3D bodies that almost makes him look like a cartoon character in some of his poses with his high level of talent. It becomes even 2% better that could be all it takes to jump him up with few spots in this year's stack line up. With the level of talent in some of these figure shows these days, sometimes it feels like if you show up being anything less than 100% you're basically out of luck from the start. But luckily for Sandra Gahalis being the total package is something that seems to come naturally despite a little hiccup to start the season. For the majority of 2018, Rihalis has been just about as close to perfect as it gets. Anyone who remembers that clinic she put on back in May to win the Pittsburgh pro understands exactly what I'm talking about. Last year, Rihalis and her ninth place finish at the Figure Olympia really turned out to be one of the pleasant surprises of the weekend. But by now the rest of the division has our circle on their radar. So let's see what she's got up her sleeve for a non-corr. One of the coolest things about bodybuilding is that basically anyone can turn it to a star on any given night if the universe aligns itself in their favor. And with less than a month ago now before he steps onto the Olympia stage for the very first time, I'm sure 212 hopeful Sandy Trudy is keeping his fingers crossed from a little bit of help from somebody out there in Joe Weaters bodybuilding universe. The latest updates from the Trudy camp show the second year pro looking as dangerous as we ever seen him. And if you can remember way back to the start of the season, Trudy really came out smoking with those three straight top three finishes in New Zealand, Fiji and Ethy Arnold. And given the fact that he's had plenty of time now to get his mind and his body back to 100%. He's got a legitimate shot at a top five placing that things can manage to just align themselves. Well, just perfectly. And that does it yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning. I'm Dave Pulumbo reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.