Old School Body Building Clothing Company. If you wish your fancy fitness center was a hardcore gym, you are old school. If you just ate chicken and rice and are about to eat chicken and rice, you are old school. OSBBC.com for the hardest training athletes. And you are asleep. They are just getting started. John, Dave Pulando. After hours. Welcome back to After Hour. I'm Dave Pulando. As always, here with John Romano and Greg Valentino starting off the show. Guys, we were just talking before the show started about mortality. And what happens after you die? And John says the light just goes out. That's when I'm afraid. I say the light's just going on. That's what I said. Well, the reason why we're talking about it is because basically, we're all at that age. Dave, you're a little bit young enough. Yeah. But we're all at that age, if you live to be 80 years old, that's a considered a full life. I mean, wow, 80s is not bad. It's a full life. And so now, the last 20 years, I think of like fucking 9-11 and all that shit. You know, it's a while ago, but doesn't feel like 20 years. I mean, it's just went everything went so fast, the millennium. And now it's 20 years later, I'm thinking shit, if the last 20 years went that fast. And this 20 years goes, you know, it seems to go faster, you know, as you get older. I mean, look, we're already 2021 just about, you know, right? I think the context in which your memory functions plays a role in how fast or slow you think the last, you know, couple decades went because my son Max just turned 21. Now, I remember him that being born, the whole, you know, when he, we were in Mexico up under roof of the fireworks going off at the millennium. And you know, when the year changed to 2000, I think wow, that was like yesterday. And then, and then I'll think of, you know, a construction project or something I did, you know, 20 years ago. Wow, that was fucking forever ago, right? You know, so I think dependent on how you look back on it, but, you know, human beings are, are human nature and psychology is such that we don't want to accept the fact that our lives are over when we die. So we, we, we, we, we manufacture all this stuff after lives and heaven and and over here and you go and you get your spirit and all it. And you got TV shows dedicated to this. You got websites dedicated this book dedicated all of this hope that there's something after we die because we just don't want to accept that it's lights out me fall right at the end of the franos. You know, all even ghost like you don't believe that. I would come here's my couch come sit down, what do you mean from up there wherever you are sit down and have a fucking talk with you. You know, I want me to believe see my take is different see I believe that you know, we are living in a movie is actually a movie role we're playing and when the movie is over we go back and then we wake up again. So this is this is really not reality. This is just a figment of reality that we're kind of just super imposing ourselves at these physical beings these bodies when the body's done. We go back and if we want to re go do another movie role we can do another movie role but you don't want to we don't have to. So I think that's you know and it took me a while to get to that point because when I was younger you know and I was a science based guy was in school I was like you know what that's it when you know when we shuffle off this mortal coil that's it's the end of it but I don't believe that I just don't. We live in an intelligent universe you know I think that and I think that the theories of science are compatible with the theories of spirituality I think you have to just figure out how to measure them together. You know, no one two people on earth were closer than you and so and don't tell me that you guys didn't talk about you know afterwards and and all of that when he was passing away. You know what my father was totally not into any he was like you he's like lights out you know and I'm telling you I get so many like I I've convinced that he's sending me messages and and and what what makes you say that what I just hear I just well I told you the story I mentioned the story before the day after he died. In my garage in the middle of the night I go out there and there's a pigeon sitting. I told the story before. You know I couldn't figure out first of all there's no pigeons and came coral or very few and second birds don't fly at night. Where was this pigeon was just sitting up there in my inside my garage not moving not being rattled looking at me and I'm like what what what is this dad and then I realized that the. I'm telling the Italian you know definition of our last name polonbo is pigeon. You think that that's a coincidence that the day my father dies is a pigeon in the garage for 24 hours and until won't leave. All right I got it that Greg you'll appreciate this. I'm not good ones. I'm just I I okay I don't you know I might believe so over here but I did have an experience with my father I think my father I don't know this is what happened. I like this I I had I had I used to test my blood test where I was tested blood tested for Pepsi hepatitis C I would test positive. This is because when I was 18 I had hepatitis and I developed the antibody and it turned the thing or at least that was the explanation one of my the doctor gave me. You were exposed to hepatitis C so you have a you have a reaction to your body so you're forever going to be. I'm going to be. Hep C positive because you have those antibodies right that was the theory okay so I rolled this around and my father was always very concerned about me having hepatitis C even though you know he didn't get tired with because you know he was a doctor. Yeah and he did not with that explanation so. After he passed away you know this was a couple of conversations we had after. Now I have tested positive for hepatitis C probably six times prior to this insurance declined me I had all kinds of issues with this hepatitis C. So and he and he was kind of he was always vocalized his concern about it so he passes away and about a month later coincidentally I'm in Fort Lauderdale having a point with my doctor who is in AIDS slash Hep C specialist because you know I was getting my test prescription for him. So I asked him you know I explained my whole thing with hepatitis C and he orders his whole huge panel of blood work for me. He told me one of my viral low and he wanted this he wanted that and he and he sets this whole thing up so I go in and I get like seven things of blood they take out right and. A week later comes back and he goes you don't have hepatitis C. And I said. Wait a minute. What do you mean I don't have hepatitis C he goes you never did it's not in it is not a trace of it there's no have inside there's no sign indication at all whatsoever that you ever had hepatitis C. So how does that happen you think you father erased it when you. Wait I'll tell you what that's not really a ghost story. I have a real. I actually have to but I don't want to involve somebody else but. I had a a fuck a real go it's a real story and that I can't really explain I'm not sure was a ghost or a shit tell us. Yeah, but wait a minute I think you're hold it it's not a go I'm not looking to ghost stories I'm just thinking of. Anic doodle empirical evidence of of something that happened you can't explain like my Pepsi thing the pigeon in the in the garage okay that these are things that. What's the other explanation for it let me give you two more let me give you two more quick answers before Greg tells me. Why don't we cut Greg off yeah I don't want to cut him off either but I I think. Thanks in between ghost story and an explainable. What about it I go for psychic reading from a guy who doesn't know me from a home the wall he says do you I'm talking to your mother here I think and the name is such as a. She said yeah she'll. He didn't know my mother's name. Do you have a tattoo on your leg. Butterfly or dragonfly exit yeah you know your mother's acknowledging that I had a dragonfly my mother's name on it on my leg how does that happen. We also have in my house there's toys that go off randomly. Specifically one of my my wife is thinking about or talking about her sister who's deceased. And I had a psychic reading the guys like oh you got a lot of spiritual activity masses when you mean he goes yeah lights go off things go off it's a girl. Girl in the house. I mean where's that come from no one knows this stuff. I had one of those two that was very remarkable you know psychic thing but I think I don't know. This stuff falls in a category there's there's supernatural stuff that happens psychics or one of those that's not a ghost story nor is that an inexplicable event that we want to associate with the deceased. Family member or whatever well if it's telling you that you're getting a message from a deceased relative that that's accurate and that there's no way this person could have known what had it what is that. Yeah, I mean that's pretty that's pretty I mean a butterfly on a leg and with somebody's name and with s h that's pretty that's pretty like random and I mean you know what I'm saying it's it's pretty accurate you know she goes story right. I'm not 100% it was it goes but back after after my girlfriend passed away the girl who you know I was with she's tattooed all the way to Lisa. Right yes after she passed away I was in Washington, I was doing a drug deal okay and it was up on the heart I was actually on off Amsterdam Avenue. You know right where Martha King Boulevard kind of intersect they go at that and about a hundred twenty nine street and I'm sitting there and it's like two in the morning it's dark. And I got this girl with me who was her friend right and we were just sitting chat and she went along for the ride with me it was all over we went we got a little bit of food to eat and she was living over there so I sat you know I sat down on a side road right there and. One twenty on a twenty nine street and I'm sitting down as dark but this year street lights and as we're talking I'm sitting in a you call now and. I'm talking face and her like this because she's in the passenger seat you know. So we look him and I glanced up the windshield and I see this guy come and walk him up the street And he looked like fucking Tito Ortiz He sat in there that they're fucking that Memories Caesar haircut loves Spanish guys we're getting any would bleach it blonde right He's like exactly that and he had a paper bag and a name high soda because I could see it's sticking out He was drinking from it like that So there was obviously alcohol in there. It's right a paper bag whatever And he had earphones on and he was coming up the street and he had a jacket and he was just like walking And walking and he just walked past us Okay, and we'll watch you know, and I'm taking a look at it's a little you know fucking guy, you know And I'm talking to her Now about five minutes later. I'm talking to her like this And She's looking at me like this and next thing I know over here on the window I see a face like this looking in like this right So I look and she took you she sees me look if she turns and she looks and she screams That's that so the fucking guy pulls back and he started as he pulls back and you know I have a UCus who the fuck of mirrors sticks out right right? Right? He hits the mirror It kind of rolls off the front of where the car is and Palantine this on my fucking loop my car on a hood and a front hood boom my guess What? Pounds on the pounds on the hood so check it out She starts you know on my this motherfucker. She's right in the open now I'm just oh you missed the story George let him finish the story So I'm juiced out of my mind. I mean, this is on my 278 you know on my fucking nuts, you know back then the fucking testosterone's flowing And I'm saying it was I'm gonna I'm gonna kick this motherfucker's ass right now So go and I go to reach to take the open up the door to jump out of the car because he's you know start to walk away And I reach to go to and I can't touch the car. I can't I can't touch the door handle. I can't And I'm gonna like this what the fuck and I keep hearing a voice in my head just saying don't go out there Don't do it don't do it, but I'm I'm not listening like fuck that I'm not I'm give a shit I'm doing it you know I mean and it's the voice is going down to do it and And it's almost like I can't explain to you here's a person's it's always like if you said You know hand me those says isn't I going this to hand me and I can't I'm going this week What the fuck like it is force field or someone around the right wow? It's like something's holding me back actually like there's a hand that's you know where I describe it so I'm like what the fuck Why can't I get this door handle? I'm almost wrestling with myself open the door handle But my hand will not touch the door handle. Wow. Okay now finally Okay My windows open finally he gets about 20 feet away and he turns around and he has a gun oh shit Wait to check this out and that's it he has a gun and he goes to me come on come on open you door Open your door watch what happens to you open the fucking door I said and just and as he's saying that he's coming at me Right and he comes walking all the way to me and you know tell him to come on the fuck open it And I and it put where it puts the gun right to my fucking head and I'm sitting there like this and he goes to me Before that door opens he goes I can promise you you'll you'll be fucking dead on the street. I'll kill you I'm fucking kill you understand me you understand me and I got to the dentist and dude Are you guys I'm gonna I'm good. I'm good. I'm good So he goes okay and it takes the gun and he puts it in his fucking thing and he starts walking away He gets about another 20 feet it turns around a He takes the gun around a smith it turns around like that again Smiles got like this we I had fucking like gold teeth. This is smiles Put the gun back and then walks away now. I'm sitting there right Now we wait listen I'm sitting there and I go home my god now think like do we you to feel that we do so I go like this I go home my god That's that was fucking oh my and it turned in look at the girl and she's sitting like sideways First I go And I go to you fucking see this he's fucking crazy bro I was ready kick his fucking ass that she goes to me What the fuck was that and I said You fucking asshole is probably drunk drinking and she was no I don't mean that she was what was on your arm What was holding your arm like that and I said What do you what do you what are you talking about what are you saying that and she goes because I saw an arm Is it what she said? And I did not see this Okay, and I looked but I didn't see it but she said I saw a arm a hand like this Holding your arm like that and I was even gone oh my god She was oblivious to what the fuck the guy just comes to put the guy to see me notice the guy did to you She she I mean she saw that but she was more like She said it was a hand and it was holding your hand like this. I saw it. I'm telling you And I'm going holy shit. You know, I mean and that to me It is like a story that I cannot explain it because I was trying to get out of the car Right, he would have shot you probably what you're saying here He would have shot me right away Yeah, that gun right on my fucking temple like this and he was fucking crazy and I was in a That Washington Heights man, well, and you know now my question for you is you know when I saw There's back in the day I did it in my you know Long Island nice house or at the Goldstone Park you like not why are you selling drugs in the middle of Manhattan It seemed like a very dangerous place because I would get differences as you had guys come over and get you I was selling to drug dealers Oh, that's a little drugs It wasn't like here. I'll take the bottle and test the right I was selling fucking cases way dang more danger is correct Of course because drug dealers get robbed Yeah, all the time People go to rob them so you know the city Go there and then someone's going to rob them like I went with my friends once they robbed drug dealers in Spanish Hall Who cop and Harold when I was 17 But I want to know I want to know if whatever she was taken is still available No John I'm telling it with the angel. God if you just took a drink or something right if I said to hold up what you went Pick up what you know, okay, wait It's the bottle. Okay, just dry. It's my bottle if I said you it show me that bottle and you you go right now to lean and get it and you I'm going show it to me John just pick up the bottle But you can't grab it you're like wait what the fuck's going on? It's almost like there's like a four-spilter You feel this thing hold me. It's a great story, right? That it's an amazing story. I would animate that What is in the lesson Don't wait a minute. So what where did the arm come Was it attached to anything or one thing that she just said I just saw an art girl a girl's and like this Hold in your arm back it was a hand it was just like it just it looked it's a Meaning that that she kept you from getting out of the car. I would save your life Yes, yes, because back then I was on it, okay and back then You know, I told you I was 278 at five six. I was so jacked and juiced up and you think you could kick everybody's Ask when you're like that you know and you know and it was just just he pounded I'm gonna front roof I'm in front of my car. You know in the hood and I was like you know, I'm not staying for this shit fuck you you know I mean and The fact that he came at me with that gun. I knew I there was a voice in my head now that's it It was it was my own voice like you know like you know It's something like you're doing something to go on oh shit oh shit. You know, I mean don't do oh fuck I probably shouldn't do this no shit. It was like that. I didn't hear my girlfriend's voice in my head But she told me it look like a woman's hand holding my arm Back my hand like this and That stopped me from going out of the car and I'm telling you that guy told me I would you if you would have stepped out of the car to make your fidget foot hit that floor you were dead You know, so I don't know. I mean was it a ghost? I don't know if it was a ghost I believe it I believe there was definitely a divine intervention You've been my mother or my girlfriend Do you think it's my but girlfriend is because the girl that was with me was one of her best friends You know what I mean? Absolutely and they were you know and they were you know We were just sitting bullshit in the car and we were talking about Joel and we all the other shit and Joel said just died only I mean maybe two months before you know, so I was with upset still over that and I Touch my fucking you know just think had me I got to definitely definitely was that you know I mean and he is a prime lesson you know No, you know never know bro you never know I was You're dealing with pure evil No George that's what I was saying I was telling that guy was he was you could see it Yeah, that Caesar heckerian look at his face yet We sat on night and he had a jacket on. Everything He was defied of all You What's on that hot dog? What do you got on a hot dog? Where'd you get on a hot dog? I'm gonna be here in the 30s. I'm gonna be here in the 30s. Truck? Yeah, good question man. What's in the hot dog? What did you put on it? Down we're crowned mustard. I just do a little mustard. I don't really do the soud dragon gas. You know, it's not the hot dog that's bad. You don't think it's the hot dog that's making you fart. It's pretty bad when you get out of your head. You can't take the smell of your mouth. It's pretty fucking bad. It's not the hot dog, John. It's the sour part that's making you fart. It's exactly you. It's the night train. It's the night train, they say. That's future fine in your dreams. Yeah, I think it's just huge fine exactly. So to cabbage, the sourcrout develops the sour. The sour part has the back to good things. I'm gonna put some food for menta. You're gonna pull full sugar Pepsi too. It's a nice chicken. It's gonna be. This is the fucking health. It's just sicker right. It's just sicker right. It's just sicker right. It's just sicker right. It's just sicker right. It's just sicker right. I gotta join the way the light up. While he's driving the truck, he's gotta join it. Before we get to VBA to here, I just want to add to the ghost story thing. Because there's a restaurant on Long Island and Greg, I think there would black. We've been there with black meat right up. That is supposed to be the most haunted place on earth, I think. So, I mean, are these things, why is it, why is it this one place? Is where the haunted and it doesn't happen. You can't get one of these guys out of come sit on my couch and talk to me. But that's a hundred-year-old place in a lady that you still lived there. What do they think is the one that wants to? I'm not going to fire. Didn't a girl hang herself from the rafters. I don't know, she might have hung herself down stairs in the fuck basement. But I know, I was there with, I've been there before we're black men. And by the fucking fireplace is where the, I think she appears. But they said, no, they said that repairmen would be there during the day. It wouldn't shit. They'd run out of there, scared of out of their minds. They'd leave in their tools behind. They'd say, oh, that's true. That's true. John and I both, but John, you know, black men swear said he's had, you know, a ghost experience is when he was there. You know what I mean? He also said that he had encounters with aliens that did all kinds of things to us. Oh, yeah. It's a terrible thing. A total of eight. A total of eight. Oh, those eight must be great. Oh, I don't know. Oh, we all should be doing this. So John, how do you explain all this with your lights out, theory of life? I cannot explain it. I don't, I, I want to know if these things are supposedly propagated by, Ah, relative's. Why did Jimmy take it to dump? Why did Jimmy take it to dump? Why did Jimmy take it to dump from the back of the truck? Yeah, I think he went back in the truck. He's pulling his lunchbox. He's pulling his lunchbox. He's not. You know what they say? He's made it to your consciousness go when you go into anesthesia. You know what I'm saying? If you can't believe it, it's a different thing. Let's do it. God. You have a disc. Let's say that it's, you know, it's consciousness. It's consciousness. You know, where does your consciousness go? I've had it. Why did they make it such a riddle? You got to figure this shit out. It's got to be the pigeon. It's, you got to know what to say. Why? Just come, you know, my couch and talk to me. Maybe it's not that easy. Maybe it's not what I'm saying. It's a bad internet. It's like a bad internet signal. You know, I think that they have to like communicate. And I think our vibrational levels are so low because we're such, we're so unenlightens that it's hard to connect. I hope you guys are right. The same radio waves. Yeah. I mean, it's a different speed realistic. Yeah. Yeah. You know, some people would say, why did Dave's father appear as a pigeon and not just appears him? That's, I'm just saying that's what skeptics was saying. But how would I, you know, because I think that when you have to, when, if I'm over on the other side and, and on that of substance anymore, and I'm just an anti pure energy, I have to figure a way to, to convince me the rational thinking scientist that I'm actually having a legitimate message from the other side. So it has to be something that in my experience is I would interpret. Like, you might show that same thing to my sister. She may not pick it up, but she might not even know the word, Pellumbo means pigeon and Italian. My father obviously knows that I knew that so that that was his message to me. All right. I believe. I'll give you a better idea. I think that that's why every single human on his planet has a different personality and a different, like you and you have a sister. So you and your sister have the same DNA to same blood. We all have heart brains and everything like that. What makes you have your personality? What makes me and my person? And we're makes Jimmy the bull. Where does Jimmy's first high-buddoll? I got a third brain. Yeah, Zanger issues. That's good. I got a third brain. I was told I have a third brain. Jimmy, let me ask you questions. Have you ever had any experiences? I know that your mom passed, you know, because that's somebody you love very much. Have you ever had any experiences? Like, oh my God, I walked in a room and it was my mom or, you know, because my mom's been dead many years. After my mom passed, before. What were any kind of ghosts though? So I met after your mom passed. Did you ever have any experiences? Like, oh shit, I think my mom, you know. I'll tell you a story. One time, maybe my mother or I had a friend. She was thinking about buying one of those over 55 year old, you know, condos over there. Right. How do you, like, probably about an hour from my house and honey and I really didn't want to move out there because it was talking to me through it. So anyway, we went out there and, you know, I said, my, let me go with you. I don't want to go, you know, I don't want to go by yourself. I want to look at the place though. I said, I really don't want to, I really opposed you going out here. It's too far. You know, no one's ever going to come and see you. You're an hour out, you know. So anyway, we went out there. Scott, get met the realtor. We're looking at the house. I've told my mother on the side, you know, I've said, I know where. I mean, I don't like it, you know what I mean? And my grandmother just passed away. Because Jimmy was too self-restilled. I was mom to actually kill a liverway for me. He needs my money around. Oh, you got to stay here. Yeah. Jimmy was the biggest mother's family. I'm going to finish the fucking story. You were, let me finish the fucking story. So we're going in. You know, it's done to get our way. I was trying to stay calm. And you know what I mean? You guys, you always do to me. So we're in the kitchen. You know what I mean? I was like the kitchen. I told my mother, do you look at me now? I got to calm down. I'm not going to do that. I told the realtor. I told the realtor. I said, excuse me, Mary, could I talk to my mother, Minna police? She said, sure, she went inside. So I made my mother win the kitchen. And it had like, uh, what are those long claws? What are they called, John? The cupboard? Like the, yeah, boom claws. You're right. Yeah, we're walking the kitchen. The boom claws are the kitchen. There's all set up into what else. And I say, my, I don't really want you to move out here, I don't like it. I don't like this fucking place. I like the fucking realtor. I don't want you to come out here. So with that, all of a sudden that fucking room closet, the door started rattling. Like that, like that, like that, like that, like that, like that, like that. I mean, like, you don't feel like you're off the second. It wasn't like something hit it. It kept, it kept rattling. Like that, me and my mother helped my arm. We're looking at the door going, like that, like that, like that, like that. And then it stopped, right? And me and my mother looked at that shell. Like, what the fuck was that? So my mother held it my arm and we creeped over the fucking closet. I opened it up and a broom fell out. And I said, there's no fucking way to broom was doing that. I said, somebody was telling us they're in agreement with us. We're getting a fuck out here. So we made my mother turn around. We told her realtor, no thank you, we love you. Did you see that was your father? Huh? You think that was your father? I didn't like my grandmother just had pissed away. So I was thinking it was my grandmother, you know, telling us, no way, you know, and then she ended up buying over there in the nose of medical, which was just 15 minutes from my house. So it was much better for everybody, you know, so. We gave you somebody to die in the house and didn't want to sell the house. They'll get the fuck out of here. I don't want you to buy my house. No, I wasn't like that because we, you know, we would just, you know, it was just telling her, you know, right at that moment, you know, it wasn't like, I was telling a mom, let's get out of here. So if it was somebody who didn't want us to have the house, I don't think there would be around the door. So if it was somebody who didn't want us to have the house, but what I was asking is, since your mom's past, if you had anything like, oh, that maybe like, oh, just she caught you. My brother, how about my brother? And I went, you know, his daughter saw a man in the Navy out. My old man was in the Korean War in the Navy. So they're, they're not too long ago. My, my niece saw a figure in the hallway. You know, it was like a man in the Navy out there, right? So with that, she heard like, this is a crazy story. She heard a bang, you know? And she went in the kitchen and my, my assistant little had a cake on a counter. And you know, the place that covers that go over a regular, like the Navy. Yeah, the fucking cake cover was off the cake and on the floor flat. So she picked it up. She put it back when I'm on the care home later. She says, my, the cake cover flew off the cake. So she says, oh, come on, you hear what you're seeing in things up above her. So later, later, later on, the day, the money heard a bang. And she went in the kitchen and the fucking cake cover was off the cake on the fucking ground. So now my brother got off the work. Five, six, seven o'clock. You'll have dinner and they would tell him my brother's story about the cake cover. Right? So now he all go to bed. They're all sleeping. Whatever, two or more than my brother. Here's a bang, right? Get up. He creeps down the hallway. He looks around the corner. And the fucking cake cover was on the ground again. Wow. No icing on the, you know, you would think of it fell sideways. It was a, you know, brand new cake was an eaten. Yeah. You think the icing would hit the sight of the cover like if it kept over. Right. It's like a, it's like a, it's like a, it's straight up off the cake. Clean as a whistle around that lid. And then over and trapped in the fucking middle of the kitchen. Two or three times. Now is that happened. How do you explain that? I don't know. Did you eat that good? That exact. Exactly illustrates my point. How do you explain that? You got to, because you can't explain it. But you would match it to some supernatural phenomena. But wait, John, you're going to, it says, You know, let me give you an example. Let me give you an example. Let me give you an example. Let me give you an example. Okay. There, there tends to be, there can always be an explanation for something. But if you manufacture the explanation, that's one thing. But for example, I used to go, I used to go, I got to watch TV at night to go to sleep. I can't fall asleep without the TV. Right? So John. So I, so I, and, and I know the channel I watched. I keep it on because I'm watching whatever discovery, whatever. I was watching or the cook for the food channel, whatever. And I fall asleep and wake up and the TV's on, but it's on a different channel. I'm like, the remote, the remote is still in the bed with me. I didn't change nothing. I mean, why is the TV on a different channel? Or, and it's, and I can't even go to bed the next night in the next day. It's on a different channel. I go, I don't understand how this is happened. It's happened six, seven times in a row. It's weird. You're all going to run the remote. No, the remote's all going over here. I'm going to run the remote. But by myself and the bed. Okay. Turns out, Max is sneaking into my room with five o'clock in the morning, and turning the fucking cartoons on, sitting at the foot of my bed. He's watching the button. Okay. So, and then he gets done with Bob the builder. And he goes back in the was room and he goes back to sleep. So, I could easily say, well, you know, my aunt, my aunt is coming out from the clouds and she's turning my channel. So you're saying, somebody's taking fucking with Jimmy's brother, taking that thing and putting it on the floor. Ah, no way, but, I know Jimmy, I think he has the product. He's trying to say it's an explanation where I go. He has the product. No, no, no, no, no, no, a few days after that. My brother heard another noise in the kitchen. He thought it was the fucking, but he didn't know what it was. And he went in the calendar. One of the pages slipped off the cookbookboard thing. You know, one page slipped off and fell out to the fucking kitchen floor. Guess what fuck a murder was, Greg? Well, man, I'm a bummer. My fucking birthday, right? So he put it back. He said there's no way he could have felt it was on a spiral. You know, I had to live a little holes on it. No, the page is in this, there's no way the page could have came out. It happened two times, three times November came out. So I told my brother, I'm dead, bro. I'm fucking dead because somebody's giving you a message. Now your brother's fucking finished. I knew the day was coming. His probably is fucking the bummer. I'm a fucking, he's like the one who's not the boy. I said it never told you. I said you shouldn't have had a tummy bummer. The fucking long we go. I mean, you're gonna do this shit three for. You're gonna do this at the base of your parents' reminding them about your father. I think I texted you before. My list, I gave my list a shit. Because I can't remember everything. And I had a typical fucking plague going on in my basement. In my washroom. I one day I went down there, there was flies all over the fucking place. I had to handle fucking strips all over the fucking watch of his shoes. It's just everywhere. I'm feeling I really don't want to fucking write. I've had a sudden cricket show up. I got a thousand crickets in my washroom. Oh, I'm in a fucking place. I'm like, what the fuck had to put traps out of your relatives by the fucking right? Now I get spiders. Spiders are everywhere. This is the one room, John. The washroom, okay? Then I'll take him to the spider and scorn off the leeks. I'm gonna flood. I'm gonna flood my fucking basement. In the washroom. I'm gonna get rid of the fucking base on a baseball. I'm gonna flood and get rid of that. Fucking everything was so good. Now with the fuck is that? You're ruining the techno system in your house. You killed off the the one bugs that were eating the other bugs. The spiders ate those bugs. You messed up the whole ecosystem. You should have brought a change. You should have brought a change from what they ate the bugs. Good ones scumps and it eat the bugs. Yeah. But it was the next. The frogs are next. It's a message to you. It's telling you to delete the start of the new life. You can scare that that start in the life. And you know what George? That's the message that the thing all of the cake is telling you to leave the poop and the other thing is saying leave what are you doing? I think it was November. It was just for the Florida and state it. It was just for us. It was just for us. We're trying to remind this brother by him and take on fucking November because it's just fucking birthday. And then that's the way I got a question. Jimmy. Jimmy. When the page fell out, it was a little spirited and then spiral, you know, when the page fell out, where the spiral holes intact or they all ripped like jungle paper. That's the fuck the fuck. There was a cat. No. No holes were in my face. Was it unrolled? Yeah. I don't know what was there up on the fucking door at the fucking board. It was up there for the longest time and the fucking page November flew out and he showed me the page and all the holes were, you know, unwipped. I said, how to hold a Disney 4-eye of a spiral notebook fucking thing and the holes are still intact. Tell me Anthony. Tell me. He was a good tell you. I don't know. I said exactly. That's some kind of fucking phenomenon. Jimmy. Let me ask you a question, Jimmy. I'm going to do something a psycho now, I'll see you right now. Was this after your mom passed away? Yes. Okay. That's why I told my brother on this. Listen. Listen, I'm next. Listen now. Now, that's dummy. You're obsessed with your mother. You love your mother. Your mother was your whole life. You lost your mother. You were depressed for five years afterwards. Four years after, whatever, whatever. You were a basketball. You were basketball. Right? You're looking for validation that your mom is still there. She's showing you her fucking birthday on a calendar and you're not even reading the science properly. That's about to cake, too. Of course. You're not stuck fucking around. Great course it is. That your mother dummy telling you I'm here. Fucking live you life. Oh, so she's telling me what she's showing me my birthday. She's showing you your birthday, of course. She's showing you the cake. Don't read birth. It's a rebirth. She's telling you, use your birthday to be born again. Go visit John Ramano in South Carolina. This is what you said. You're making the cake. Come live down here in the south where people are conservative and nice. You don't have to beat people up into DMV line. And calm down because she's a more afraid. You're going to fucking blow an o-ring and because you can't contain yourself because New York is driving your fucking crazy. So come down here come see me come see Dave. That's why it's your birthday. It's a rebirth. I'm sorry. John I'm glad you said that because I always look at I don't know why I always tend to look at the glance. Have full not you know not have. Have not been not helpful right? I would say. Right. So you're talking about people in New York Friday quick story. My boss calls him on the road and goes, can you go to stop and do all this get the checks everybody. So I don't know. I'm not going to do that. So I said all right fucking you know, so I made a detour. I went to the office over there. I was in good mood. I was Friday. I spirit was up. I was happy. I whistle and triddy. I go in the office. I'm joking with Dale you know my my little boss and the billy the other boy because I got a lot of boss and I'm joking with that. Michigan on all of a sudden there's just lady sitting at the fucking desk. He's like the secretary. Well, but the receptionist fucking. Well, keep a whatever the fuck she is right. So she I never talked to this bitch John never. I just say one way. I'll even see it all the fucker. I don't know the reading office. I'm all the way around. So I went there to go get the checks. I don't notice by the fucker from shit. I walk in the office. I'm happy. I'm on my spirit subject. Probably felt my energy. She's sitting there with a fucking mug on a fucking face who no god knows. I have a problem. And all of a sudden I said him, Dale, because my boss has got millions of dollars. I said, you know, yeah, I'm gonna come back as a millionaire because you know, I think I'd like that. She says, now you'll be bored. I says I'll be bored. I said, okay, let me think this. I said, you're well over here. Come back as a bird. I just like a fly sky. I can land in any tree or what. I can shit up people's dead again. Shit it on. I can shit anybody I want. You know, all of a sudden this fucking lady, I don't know where mumble's at and no weird John. She says, well, you're halfway there. You got the brain. I can. John. I swear to hell. I swear to hell bro. I will all of a sudden I look. I will like this John. I was like, I- I'm fucking fucking fucking like the evil. The evil is dying me while I come out. I was like, ah. I could have believed that this motherfucker dead. Oh, Tommy, I got a bird brain. Don't know if you shit. I was, I was shocked. Yeah bro, I was shocked. I was like, I'm like, yeah, I could. Well, I could say it didn't. My boss is with him. Yeah. So I said, you know, I just calm down. I said, I'll take that as a compliment because I find animals smarter than fucking people. So thank you very much. Thank you. And then I got the checks and I was talking a little bit. And then I was leaving and I said, the bird is leaving babe. I thought you were not the dog. You know, it took me two days to get over that bro. Two days. I said the video to judge that the Dave, I was in my friends gym. It was screaming yelling about that brain brain shit. Two days, man. You know, the old Jimmy would- The old Jimmy would have pulled her out of that fish and probably left. The old Jimmy won. The old Jimmy would have called her a fat bitch and probably left the office. I mean, Dave, stop me right Dave. I'm fucking too fast. I might just die. Johnnie, by train and part of coming back to Stasher's Bobby at 80. It was I would normally, I would have fucking picked that bitch up. And I would have threw it to the fucking glass windows. Oh yeah, I would have went back to hell. I ain't on any afternoon. I would have put a steam in his gun. I would have won if I had the fuck at a buck a lot. You know what I'm saying? I kept my mesh shut because my boss's weird. I've got to be respectful. And I just said, okay, I'm leaving. I said, 500 birds leaving. And I fuck you. Walked up the door and I was eating the life of two days. I need therapy, bro. That therapy. Give me. Jimmy, give me. You got to get out of here. You know what I can't take it no more. John, it's fucking face sucks, bro. I want to see the difference everywhere I go. People in that situation and people call me sir. Can you imagine that? Can you imagine people calling you sir? No. That's, it took me five years to get you stood out. And I'm still not. You give a John. What if he comes down there and all of a sudden on your calendar, fucking the data November falls to the floor and one of your fucking cake things really end on the ground too. Is he going back in the yard? No, I'm going to set another place at the table because I mean, somebody's coming. Yeah. Somebody follow me. I John. What, what, what, what, what, what, what we're missing. This is why to parent. This is what's happening. We're Italian. All of us on all of us are Italian. George by association. But what's our Italian? And what is important in Italian tradition? It's family. It's getting together. It's a great thing. Right. Right. They're Sunday dinner. And, and, and we don't do that anymore. Right. So, well, they're all seeing that. And they're saying we, we got, we got to bring these people together. Your mother's driving you out in New York to me. She's, you know what, God, it's it you don't believe in this stuff. Yeah, he was the right. He's the biggest believe it out, Doug. Why are you really telling us this. I'm a human being. I'm a human. I'm a human. I'm a human and Jimmy because I'm a human and Jimmy because he believes this bullshit. I want him out in New York because he's going to blow it all ring and fucking die on us. And I don't want that to happen. I wasn't going to be very sad. You know what? If you're going to show him saying it's just no such thing. So I'm telling you that your mother is a parent you're sending new messages to get the hell out of New York. But being the beginning of the show, he's saying that is not such thing. And he's at, is because he's on it something out there. So something out there. So it's a sucks sort of energy. That's what I'm talking about there. He believes it. So Jimmy, since you believe that, you got to get out of there. You got to come down. Yeah. Yeah. She does happen to be John too much shit. I got more stories but they're bad. I can't even tell you. A lot of shit doesn't go away from me sometimes, man. I know I played it God all the time. Let me show you your guest, your room. Here it is. His problem is he's not willing to be. He can blame celebrities that willing to do anything about it. Here's your bathroom. All right. I did all the tile work. That's right. I can live in that room. And there. Wow. Greg would never leave the toilet bowl. I don't even leave there. Down here. Here's your bathroom. I mean, here's your bedroom. All right. Look. Wow. Here's your bedroom. Wait, where's the girl that's sleeping in the bed? Outside is the fountain right outside right outside the window. Wow. Look at that. I feel like I'm at the White House. This is. I mean, Jimmy. Jimmy, this is where you can live. All right. Get the. That actually kind of looked down right there. Hang out here with me in the dogs. All right. Give me a power. Dice. Give me. Give me. Look. You got the pool too. You got a pool. Now you talking. Come here. Let me see. Okay. Oh, look at that. All right. Jump right out the fucking window. Right. You got a stream. You see the stream. Thank you. Look at that. All right. Go. I don't need to. Look. I just. I just built this. I just built this deck out here for you. Look. You can hang out out here. Look at the. You all have built. Look. All in this land. Wow. Unbelievable. Look at that. That's great. All you got to do is get in the frink and you got these guys. They don't. They'll love you. I'll look at that. Okay. So all these. So in a national. International media. You have been personally fucking invited to the table I made right there. Nice. Nice. Go to full John. Actually, Jimmy, now that I think about it, we're looking for a groundskeeper. We have three properties right next 30. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. You see that. You. I want to be. I want to be. We need to put the line and do the. To the Italian edges and all that stuff. You're ready to fucking have with the net. Yeah. I'm feeling. You. You. That. John's off from you. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. He's Italian the Italian love the landscape to. Oh, yeah. Well, yeah. Wait, wait. We're. I paid to this. That's right. I. I. I. Pictures. I. You. I. I. Look. The whole point is you got no excuse. Okay. You got no excuse. I don't. I know John you're right. I. I love you guys. Thank you. Thank you so much, man. You're my brother and I love you. You. I love you. I'm on the fuck down. It's funny and everything that you. You. This is the way you are. You're too fucking high. Strong. I know man. You know people people think I just do this for the show. I'm like this fucking every day. I know. I said. That. That. That. I was. I was. I was fucking filming me when he sent me. He was. He was hiding the camera. I. And he took that film. And I said the, I don't even know. He was going. I. He even. I. I mean, all right. But we want to call her Mother Fucker. All right. I. Let me, let me switch gears for a second. OK. There was an article in the pay. For someone sent me. Tile poll. No. There's a school teacher. Alright, where was a school teacher from? Tile. was fired because he had an excessive tattoos. Now, evidently he was a popular teacher, but the guy you think that like tattooed Timmy has a lot of tattoos on his face, this guy had the whites of his eyes tattooed black. Can you imagine, oh yeah, he had a tattoo. I guess he had a tattoo. How do you not go blind doing that shit? I don't understand that. Because you don't see through the white eyes or see through the pupils, but he actually made the white to his eyes black. So he's black on that tattoo. Like he's like, they're like, yeah, they're like, they're like, yeah, they're like, what ain't gonna do that? Are you a John? I've seen that. I know guys that have that shit. It's so scary. It's a very popular tattoo. What the fuck is that? What goes into your brain that says, I gotta get some guy to squeeze my eye open and jab needles into the fucking white some my eyes until they turn black. What where does that come from? People, people took over this. Did you watch it? The guy was a popular teacher too. You stay in The Punk, and that's the pope. Yes. He was the pope. You're as benefits as the achter. Yeah, he looks like the pope. Yeah. You're right. You Just Look If the Pope Stre升 to The Seckers. Oh, he's shit. I gotta go, I've got in my lunchies over there. So I'm gonna get the fuck out, he guy. All right, baby spin. You're gonna get a gun. Yeah, I'm gonna get a gun. Now let me ask you a question guys. What what possesses people that look otherwise normal and probably are very He's probably a very nice guy. He was a teacher. He's very popular. What possesses people to want to disfigure themselves like that? I don't I don't I don't I don't I I don't list that's a temporary thing because Look at even late. Praise he's getting a tattoo. Yeah, you got it off here. A lot of people feel that way now, but then later on they're going to say, Oh, shit. You know what that's going to look like? They're an old man with black tattooed eyeballs like these chicks that got big fake Tits where you're 80 years old. Yeah. If fucking those earrings would have fucking like that, you know what I mean? And it irres down here. Great. You hung out with that subculture of weird people for a while. What what possesses people do that? Do they feel like inadequate or what why do they do stuff that disfigures themselves like that? Feeling adequate about about themselves. Don't never say that though. Don't never say I feel inadequate, but it they have to keep changing their outside To compensate for the inside. Once you come comfortable with that. Joy, you're very low. Volume. Can you speak all of that? What did it be? Dead it. Two is they all wanted to prove away from the Vatican. You got to give them away. That's true. They all do all regret that shit. You know, even that guy's who she is. Doesn't that guy's 6, 6, 9, 6, 9, F. Fucking guy. Any get some of the status removed on a space. Yes. My girlfriend's like that. Then you don't realize it. That's a temporary. Like, you know, like, Lee, why would you ask Lee? Why would you put a tribal tattoo on your face? And now you're going to get it off. And you know, I love Lee Priest. He's my boy. You know, I miss that. No disrespect. I love Lee. And we would together what we do is laugh. But he, the guy's a dude. I think it's for the moment. Sometimes you think it's cool. What the next day you go, what the fuck that I just do. You know what I mean? That's good thing. Great. What? I'm loaded with touches. My arms. So you fight. Johnny, I got him. Fuck it back in the 90s. Nobody on the fucking view, right? Every one of them has this. It's my girlfriend. There's no skull across. That's my girlfriend. It died. Those are my children. I'm not a mother. I'm not a mother. I'm not a mother. I got my children. Right. See, I don't just get like, you know, the skulls or shit or the get no fucking Chainlink fan. What about people to get tribal that aren't in a tribe? Yeah. Wait, what about the best. John, what about people get fucking Asian letters? Like, Chinese letters. It says chicken and broccoli or something on there. And you take it easy. I have to take it in broccoli and mine. These research. I have, I went to the fucking sushi bar and did it. I got some chicken and broccoli on me. So thank you. These guys. Well, I made sure they were correct before I went in there. But let me ask you another question. I have a friend who's got tattoos all over him, but you can never see it because he wears clothes. And I'm like, well, we're good as a tattoo. Nobody sees it. Like, why would you do that to yourself? Nobody sees it. It doesn't make sense. It's like, well, I see it. And I'm like, give it. You know, he's one of these guys. Doesn't like to take a shirt off. He feels like he's not built enough. Or, you know, he doesn't have a girlfriend. It's a little wacky. You know what I mean? I'm like, so, you know, when you're naked, you see it. But I mean, nobody else sees it. You don't even have a girlfriend. And it goes, wow, it looks hot. I like where you like your old dog. It's, it's, I don't know. I think some people scarred themselves. There's people cut themselves and do shit like that. You know? I did, I did. I did. I should be forcing you over yourself. Who did that? Tell you. Who? Tell you. Who's Joey? Telly. Shelley Beatty. My ex. Oh, I'm a member of Shelley. Yeah, she was, she ended up killing herself. But before she did, she was doing a scarification. I have friends that don't act. I mean, it's, it's not good. But, you know, what was, what was, what was the cheat, was she, the press because she wasn't, at the top of the game no more? She was, she was bipolar and, um, very manic, extremely manic. And, um, she just, she just could not get comfortable in her skin no, no matter what. This is what, and she's, This is what I mean, it has nothing to do with that, uh, uh, George, because my, my ex wife, her best friend, was 18 years old when she killed herself. And this girl was the hottest girl in school, went and got implants, had her fucking, you know, abs and everything like that. Every guy wanted to date this girl. She was hot, but she hated herself. And she's, it's tough for me, she was a little girl. I'm gonna, I'm gonna kill myself. So these people that do that shit have it inside them. It's just that one day, one day, they get the balls to say, you know what? Fuck this, I'm gonna do this shit today. And, and, but you know what, she, she tried it when we were together like twice. And, and it was, you know, you're, you're with someone six years and then they try to start trying to kill themselves. It's like, what, what the fuck did I do, you know? I mean, we're, how, how, how, I had no idea was that bad. Did you got to feel like you got to do that? And, you know, we're therapy together. And her explanation is, it's the pain, the pain that she feels. She wants it to go away so bad that the only way that she can, father the pain going away is to kill herself. And that will make me stop. That's funny because I knew Shelby Bady. I knew her. She's the state of a barbana house and everything. She was doing it, you know, she's the, I was doing it when we were driving one of those things. Yeah, she did. And I knew as she was fucking great man, we would have talks and everything like that. And she was actually a very nice caring girl. One of the nicest girls in the industry to be honest with you. And I'm not saying it because she, she was your ex. I'm saying that fact that she was one of the nicest girls. So sometimes people are demons behind that you don't see that the average person. You think she was, oh, she's such a happy girl. And really, that's a great girl. And really, that's a front. Yeah. And she was an unbelievable athlete. She was an American gladiator. She did stuff and set records that, you know, the guy's couldn't break. John, and you would figure, here's the girl who went from a bodybuilding career. Now she's on television. It's rare. You know, I mean, there's only a few that they took, you know, she's one, well, like three, four girls at the most. And she was one of them. And she was, to popular. She was a girl that could go on known to be very friendly. Anybody that knew she had a new show. He knew that she was very friendly. And you would figure, man, this girl's got to go on on. Who knows, maybe just gladiator shit can go to movies and other shit. You got on America's, America, Cuba was the first all women's team to sell for the America's cup. We moved to San Diego for that. And that was an incredible, I mean, she was so, you would look at her and talk to her and whatever. And if you knew her, she, everything in the world to live for it. She was the guy who I'm saying. You know, she was deaf, too, remember? And she, that's why I wanted to ask you John, did the deafness have anything to do with it? You think you think she felt like she was like, there was something wrong with her or something like that? Or some kind of deafness. The way her father treated her over it. Yeah, it was definitely some kind of connection there. But but she was, she was a tremendous figure, figure head for the deaf community. They all looked up to her. I mean, she had, I mean, for her to accomplish what she did be in deaf was such a motivating thing. We've all over the country, get over her. Is in sign language to, you know, deaf people and, you know, motivating them. I have a, I have a friend who was actually very introverted and everything, I'm really quiet. And we want to this party with Shelley. And, you know, she, you know, she was trying really hard to talk. She actually pulled them out on a dance floor. And they danced, you know, and she did it to like show him, you know, and he was like, he became her biggest fan after that. His name was Anthony. And he's always say, I love Shelley. That's my favorite of all of the, because she showed him, you know, it's, you understand what I'm saying? He, he had issues. And she saw that. And she, you know, because he was part of our crew. She pulled them on the dance floor and danced with him. And it made his, it made his, is fucking month man. I'll tell you that. Why would you say, hey, Brian's to hear that. I thought that. At that. What's that? It changes life from that. Can you hear me? Yeah, you're, you're low. Like Dave was trying to, your volumes. So that's where we can hear you sometimes. It does. I think you said it changes life. It does. It does. He became her biggest fucking fan. You know, we heard about that for fucking he would talk about that. One, he got one little dance that she did with him. And she held his hands. She pulled him by the hand. You know, not, you know, he wasn't anything like, you know, it was nothing, you know, he was, it was like he has, he has issues. And it's then like he's. That's the one. I mean, she, she actually worked. She was in his counter in a group home. Work with, you know, severely mentally handicapped people. She took me back there. Once that she wanted to visit, you know, in the group home where, you know, we're, we're, we're shoes to work. Man, no, like I'm talking, there were, the ones that were helmets and drool and you know, they, they, fuck it. They lit off when she came back there, man. And like, you know, we're, you know, all over her. Or, you know, the way they do their thing. And, you know, she was like, she was, you know, it was remarkable. Everything about that girl was remarkable. You would never, in a million years think that's the girl that would kill herself. Yep. Well, you know what, John? Mr. I don't believe it lights out. Probably you'll have some kind of a, a spiritual, I guess you could say, encounter with her maybe later today now that we've been talking about her so much. She's definitely going to give you some kind of message. Look out for that message. And next week, you're going to tell us that message. All right. All right. I find something that you got from her. Maybe a little ring, a little piece of something. So I'm, she brought me to spending a whatever. He's going to get a message. I'm telling you. I draw. I'm going to tell her, so it's going to be on your fucking night table. So I'm going to text me in like an hour. He's going to be like, oh, shit. You're right. I can't find one. You'll see a pigeon flying by your house. That's right. That's right. Well, guys, good show today. I enjoyed the topic. And hopefully we can get Jimmy to come down a little bit. Need a little blow of gasket or anything like that. He's going to be moving. He's moving. He's going to be moving. He's going to be moving. He's going to be moving. He's going to be moving. He's going to be moving. He's going to be moving. He's going to be moving. Yeah. I'm trying to get him down here. So he's got to eat. He's got to fear of change. You know that. I'm a hundred percent dead sincere about that offer. That's his roof. The funny thing is he has all the messages from his mom. He doesn't even know it. And the guy that toley looks for his messages. He goes and sits by the grave site. Yeah, because he's 50. He's got all these messages. And he can't even interpret them because he's blind and is. He's family's here. families here don't he thinks he interprets the messages as he's gonna die rather than saying all my mom's here point to got the fact that you know that she's watching over me you know he's he's never gonna I don't think he's gonna leave because I think his family's there's brothers here he doesn't he has nothing left there except his brother he can leave anytime he can leave nobody hangs out I mean he's all up now he's all by himself now so we're gonna get him out every time he's going to eat the opia he's coming of south of all hours yeah but we'll get him down here eventually all right we got to wrap things up guys once again mr. G if you want to get some mr. G we get any more cooking sent out yeah I just I just think you're best in a big uh... uh... he uh... he don't cook yeah i asked you you asked i'm right you asked he asked you all try at you guys just i just made him i made him with with with with little mini chocolate chips this one to cook i could put the chocolate and spread it out the first one to talk with kids so i'll send you guys or each one of you guys all one of those all right great so jumbo plumber kito cookies on the way up it's funny how we started with the jumbo plumber cookie that had like fifteen hundred calories now we went down to jumbo lights now we're down to plumber jambbo kito cookie so mr. pots protein dot net check it out great good thanks for joining us john have a great day and uh... all you guys you guys all next week all the sun holy ghost amen all the amen all the all the and have a gift to stay at the great three of us press the as is peace and hesitation from the rest of the layman the voice and holy ghost amen as far as possible and all the fans around the world that they have all the action in the hearts thank you poge on the second i mean judge the second uh... we'll see you next