Welcome back to Muscle in the Morning on Dave. Well, I'm going today as a Monday, August 6th, 2018. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Sometimes I look at some of these bikini shows and wonder how the judges can place these girls when it feels like they're all basically separated by your razor thin margins. But then again, maybe that's why Norman Austria has been pushing so hard this prep to try to separate herself from the pack. The A-Time Olympian is blazing her way back to the stage again after having what she's called one of the best preps of her career. So far this year, we've seen a little bit of a resurgence from Austria, who seems like she's got back that championship swagger she had a few years ago. So if she comes in and hits it on the mark, she's certainly good enough to enter Olympia weekend placing somewhere, sadly in the top six. They say it's the ones who you never see coming with a most dangerous. And when I look around the men's physique division right now, I don't know if I see anyone looking in the direction of Abdullah Al-Said. The oxygen-gim product basically came from out of nowhere last year to win the Kuwait pro. And now that he's got his sights set on becoming the first member of the camel crew to crack the men's physique top 10 at the Olympia weekend, it'll be interesting to see what he brings. When we saw Al-Said last year, he really stood out as being a guy who was in a leap athlete from a conditionings standpoint. But whether or not he'll have enough muscle to hang with some of the bigger guys in this year show is something we'll all find out first hand a little under six weeks from today. I think when we look back historically, at last year's classic physique Olympia, we'll probably end up talking about how it was one of the best top 10s that we've ever had in any division from front to back. And if there's one guy who thinks he might be able to shake things up this year, it might be second year standout, Rylon McDool. Over the last few weeks, we finally started to see some signs of life from McDool in his team after essentially going MIA throughout the whole first half of the season. You can remember back to last year, it really wasn't until this time before he came out and made that big splash by winning his rookie debut at the Vancouver Pro. So if his weight and sea strategy ends up panning at, here's a guy who could possibly move up a spotter too, at this year's Olympia. If you ask my wife, she'll probably tell you that I'm guilty of being a work of hollig. But that's probably why I can appreciate the grind of an athlete like the Thalia Soltero, less than 48 hours after rocking the stage at the Tampa Pro, the figure standout didn't waste any time getting right back onto the horse once again. Very quietly, Soltero has been riding one of the hottest freaks of her career throughout this whole season. And that little tune up she just had in Tampa was really only a small sample of what's coming down the pike a few weeks from now when she really hits her peak. A 100% Natalia Soltero is probably one of the eight to ten best athletes in the division right now and assuming that everything breaks her way, I don't think it would be totally crazy to see her end this season with the top six finish on the Olympia stage. Somewhere in the legacy of every guy champion is the story about the time they were pushed to their absolute limit by a bitter rival. And this year on the 212 stage, you're not going to find a bigger rivalry than the one we're going to see between current champ Flex Lewis and his number one challenger on the Ashkenani. And typical Ashkenani fashion, the former Arnold Classic champ has been all going to go up to this point in his prep, which only adds another layer of intrigue. The closer we get to this year's contest with this being Flex's official farewell tour, you know that just about everyone on the planet is assuming that this will be the year he puts the final stamp on his legacy. But when you've got a guy with the talent and pedigree of an Amma Ashkenani as a fan, you still have to think that he has a puncher's chance to go out there and do his part to rewrite bodybuilding history. And that does a yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning. On day, Palombo reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.