Old School Body Building Clothing Company. If leg day was yesterday and now you're wondering why toilets are so damn low, you are definitely old school. If you're the only athlete in your gym that knows there's a contest today and it's to see who trains the hardest. You are old school. OSBBC.com for the hardest training athletes. Welcome back to live with brought you by Stacey's Nutrition. I'm Dave Palombo and today's guest is an old friend of mine. She's been in 10 Olympias. She has 10 IFV Pro wins to her resume and you might be wondering where she's been because she's been missing and we haven't seen her missing for quite some time. So I got her here today. We're going to talk a little bit about what she's been going through. Of course, the woman I'm talking about is Jen Strobo. How's the own? Hey, how are you? Thank you for having me. It's been a couple of years since I've been in here. I think starting like, oh, hey, I must interview you. You like at least 25, 30 times, you know, over the years. I was trying to like look them all up last night and watch them and then I started getting sag because I was like, oh, I look so young. Believe me, I look a lot young and soon they're in those interviews and a lot bigger. But we all get older. It's funny because one of the stories that really, you know, kind of attracting me to an initially interview, you was the fact that you were a type one diabetic, your whole life essentially and you were so successful competing, you know, in figure and you know, just moving up the ranks, so to speak over the, you know, course of 10 years where you were, you know, dominating and winning, you know, pro shows left and right, always doing well at the Olympia. How tough was that? First of all, when you were diagnosed, how old were you? I was young, like seven, maybe. I battled with it for a long time and then it was almost like it was, I didn't really need to battle with it. And it was like my body was kind of, there were some of these little beta cells in my pancreas that were kind of producing a little bit of their own insulin. So I was able to not even have to be insulin dependent for quite some time. And then so now what they actually call it is adult onset type one because it's like a key back. And I wear, you know, a little pot of my arms. So I can see my glucose and, you know, but I rarely use insulin. I use movement nutrition, everything like that. You're not, you don't have the autoimmune form of it. I didn't know that. What's that? Oh, you know. Yeah, but that, which is weird because when you get it usually when you're a kid, you're, is that most of the time that's always type one, isn't it? Yeah. And so it was type one. And then they call this adult, adult onset type one because my pancreas doesn't work at all. So the people that are type two, their pancreas actually does function a little bit. Usually not everyone, but the majority of most that are type two, it's because they kind of brought that on themselves with poor physical activity for nutrition, diet, or bad genetics, or bad genetics. Right. But, so that's what I was saying. Yeah. So do you do take insulin then? I do take insulin. Well, okay. I didn't take it along. And then I also have short acting, but I, I very rarely use my short acting. I tried to use what I'm eating. I mean, I use very little bits of it, but I try to use what I'm eating. I use glycolog by blackstone labs. And then like that's, I just kind of, if it's a little bit more. Yeah, I didn't share with a long acting insulin. You must not eat a lot of carbs in your diet then. I do eat carbs. It's just timing of them. So I wait until my glucose is a little lower. And then I'll have my carbs. So if I normally, I pretty much eat the same thing all the time except on my Sunday but, you know, it's, I like the food that I eat. Right. Um, but so at night, my glucose is a lot lower, usually. But by the time my body's a little exhausted and fatigued and moved around and everything all day. So I have like this giant biglet night. You know, I have rice and things few hours before that. So I'll have most of my carbs later in the day. And you don't have to take any, any short acting insulin because of that. I'll take a little bit. Yeah, just a couple units, usually very, very two to three units at the most. Wow. And it depends because if it's a really low, I won't take it because I'm getting ready to go to bed. And I don't want to have a load here in the night. Do you think your body may be still producing a little bit insulin? Must, I would think, right? The doctor says no, but sometimes I wonder because you get like a little bit of a high, but you can have those beta tumor cells in your pancreas that can produce a little small, very small amount. Well, that's pretty cool. So you've been managing that since your kid. You know, my son's five years old. He can't even tie his shoes yet. I can't even imagine him having to take insulin, you know. It's crazy. Was that traumatizing to you to find that out as a young kid? It's more traumatizing to prick your fingers and toes all the time. Yeah. Yeah, I know. If come up, they've come along way in 40 years. So I'm saying, that had to be, how did that, how did that influence who you became, you know, from having to micromanage your blood sugars from such a young age? I feel like it may give you structure. And you become very rigid and structured. I don't believe that's always a great thing. My rigidity is very strong in my old age. You know, it's like it's my way or no way because of this, you know. But I can eat out. I can do all these things that everybody does and everybody's like, I don't know how you do it. It's like competitors. You know, they're like, I can't go to the movies. I can't go out with my friends. I'm like, why not? You know, but I still do all those things. It's just like you either eat before you eat after you don't eat. You know, what to eat, you know, what to do. But it did make me very structured a little rigid and but very independent. Right. Right. You got to do it. I have a little bit of a small. Well, you got to be very, you know, you have to be very dependent upon yourself, the constantly mon of your blood sugar 24 seven, which is, which is no small task. Although it seems to fit very well to the body of the lifestyle because we do everything so neurotically around the clock as bodybuilders that I'm sure you were really, I'm assuming that's how you got attracted to it, right? The whole regimentation of bodybuilders. It sort of like it didn't even everybody's like, how do you do it? How do you do it? It was my very first show when I did it in the end of 2008. And it was, it was like, I don't know, like I always ate well anyway. I was actually very, very tiny and skinny and sickly looking when I started competing. And it just was, it was easy. And I guess you're right, it's the rigidity of the bodybuilding competition process as well. Yeah. Yeah. Now, when you did start, I remember saying to interview you, you were on the smaller side. And I didn't even know how you would actually do and figure, but you really put a lot of, how much muscle did you add from, oh, eight to when you, I guess, did you last the limpier in 18? I went on stage in my very first show at 118 pounds at 57. Yeah, you're called. Yeah. So stick girl with shoulders and glutes. And I believe my last show I was 142 on stage. Wow, that's a lot of muscle for a girl. You know, to put on your own natural movement through it because of my health. Perfect. But it's a lot of people feel like type ones that I talk to say that the insulin, the least, oxygen essential in you, so over the years, definitely has an animal. Perfect. Did you notice that? I believe it does. I've actually done more research on it now in the last few years. But I believe it can have a little bit of an animal effect. Yeah. It just like you'll see some people. And I think it depends on how much you're using as well. Right. Because you'll see some people that just kind of have a, like, kind of use a different sliding scale than they probably should be and using a little bit more as type one. You'll see that they're just eating crap and still able to pretty much manage their weight 150%. So it's obviously we all know it's got a little bit of an anabolic effect, especially considering some of the history going on over the last few years with it. It's funny because the people who use it and who have to take a lot, but who don't exercise get fat from it, right? And then the people who seem to exercise with it, who are type ones, I notice they put muscle on from it. You know, so it definitely has to do with activity level two. It's not just, you know, muscle from insulin, you know. Right. It definitely has to do with that because you're right. You know, when I go to my endocrinologist, I'm, people are looking at me like, what is that girl doing here? Are they calling her name? You know, she must do it. Somebody kind of thing because everyone's sitting there or at least the majority of them are very overweight. Yeah. And you know, it's just because of lack of physical activity. What was your, the most memorable show that you did, that you can like, when you look back in your career now, it's a, hey, that was the best one. It's so hard because you, you kind of look back and you got memories of everything. I got into a point where that my last few years, I was doing back to back shows one week apart and I, for three years in a row that I did it, I won both of them. Right. So that was so exciting. But I think to me to place third in the Arnold International, I had a, a head of a girl that won the Olympia come up in September, you know, it was like, wait, I did that. You know, when they called my name, when they started calling, you know, six, fifth and fourth and I was like, wait, did I just not even break the top six? I was dead in there. I don't know. Yeah. You know, and they called my name. I just, I was floored. And so to look at my Arnold trophies and to see all of those and all my Olympia models, like, both of those shows are just so nostalgic for me and they're just prestigious. So to just to even stood there is so memorable. Well, it also validates all the hard work you put into it and everything. Now, nice. You did your last Olympian 18 and then in 2019, you were diagnosed with leukemia, which a lot of, I didn't even know that until a mutual friend of us told us, had that come about. What were your symptoms that you were experiencing? Well, it was towards the end of 18 that I noticed that everyone kept saying, like, what are you doing? Are you not eating? You've got an eating disorder. You're losing all this weight. You look so frail. Right. You know, all of these things and I was like, I'm literally eating the same thing I have been eating for years. I'm not changing anything. I'm not doing tons of cardio. Right. I don't have time to do that. You know, I love to do cardio in the morning to kind of set my intention for the day, but it's usually a walk or 20 minutes on the stairs and that's it. You know, it's not like you're going to get frail from that. And usually post show, obviously you kind of start to gain some weight a little bit, not really a lot. I never, I never veered too far off of it because of my diabetes. Right. But I just kept losing weight and losing weight and losing weight and getting lighter than stage weight and that everyone just kept saying something to me and I noticed my face was looking drawn. And then come April, I moved and moved from a condo to a house and I started to get these little red bumps on my body. And I thought that it was weird I thought it was something from the house. So I call these Terminator. I call these people, you know, there's bad bugs in this house. God, I mean, someone else's fault. Right. Yeah, there's something going on because it was a little old on 1940s home that I moved into. And so I started calling these things and I mean, I have some pictures of my body when I find the I went and saw my siblings at our family cabin about three weeks later. And they're both nurses. And I just kind of like pulled my pants down. And I was like, look at my lymph nodes. And they were like the size of just like giant rocks. And my brother's face was just he was hoard, he was mortified. Like he was just he said, you have got to go to the doctor. And I was showing him all these bumps and he's like a literally looks like you've been eaten alive by mosquitoes. Right. So I got back. Went and saw a dermatologist. They were like, you need to call an oncologist right now. Well, today, they knew they knew. But then I called my oncologist. I saw him that day. I got there at three o'clock in the afternoon. Right. I didn't get home to almost midnight. He walked in the room. And I had seen him before because I had cancer when I was 25. I had some uterine cancer. Oh, OK. And that was that was super easy and quick for me. It was, you know, an easy sort of thing. So I don't think about that often. But what did they have to do? Did they have to remove uterus? I had a full history. I'm OK. And so I see him every year to 18 months just as like a checkup. Right. And we're good friends. And he walked in and he just went, whoa. And he turned around and he walked out of the room. That's that. You never want to see a doctor run out of the room. That's that. And I like, we're bloody. We're buddies. I don't know what's going on. And I had a hat on because I didn't want anyone to see me because I had these bumps on my face. They were all of them. And they were everywhere. And he came back in after talking to a bunch of colleagues from Shands, which is like a very well-reknown hospital there in Gainesville. It's nearby Orlando. And he started running tests, CT scans, MRIs. I was having all sorts of things, all sorts of led work done. Right. Because he thought I had a form of leukemia, which is literally the final you've got two to three weeks and you're gone. Oh, really? What is it again? Like, hot skin system? No, I forget what it's called, but it's like... It's like a final. It's like a multiple, my long one. Yeah. It's just, I seriously can't remember because I think I might have blocked it. So what did it turn out? It was just like a chronic, a lipocytic look. It turned out it was just like, yeah, like my body was just like, it was God's way of saying, get your butt to the doctor. Yeah. You know, and he's like, you're just, I'm just thankful that you did come in. I went through like some horrible bouts of some antibiotics. And got that to go away. But then started seeing him twice a week and figuring out what we needed to do and what was really actually going on. And that's when we found out that my red and white blood cells were so low that my bone mirror was just not functioning. Wow, that's weird. What do you think was, would cause, I mean, that was it. Is it a genetic thing? Is it, I mean, is it? Why? I mean, what would cause you something to get something like that? Well, I have, um, somewhat leukemia. You have no, I had no idea, but after kind of going through everything and talking to my mom about he's saying it's a blood disorder that's like leukemia, she's like, you know, what, I think your mom all had leukemia when she died. Oh, great. You know, you know, they were dead. They just, after the fact, yeah. Yeah, so, and none of us knew that. And it was, it was just one of those random things we don't really have any history of that sort of thing in our family. So, you know, and then he also found out that I have some really bad lymphoma issues going on as well. So it's just kind of like a two prongs, you know, hit me and over the head kind of situated. Yeah, you did something kind of unconventional. You started some chemo, but then you stopped and you decided to go the natural pathograph. What, how did you make that decision? I just decided I was not going to do it. That wasn't after sitting in that room for three hours, looking around and hearing everyone's stories and stuff. I just said, I sort of, I'm a research stalk on everything that goes into my body anyway. And I do. I mean, I hadn't taken antibiotics in a decade until I had those big found, but I had to do something. I don't take talent all, you know, I don't do any of that stuff. And I just started doing tons of research on the natural healing. I ran into someone, I met someone who said, oh my gosh, I went to the Gershwin Center in Spain, which that's where they do all natural cancer healing. Right. And it's like a 95% success rate. So I started researching their institute and getting information on what they do on a daily basis, which it involves natural vitamin D three to four hours a week, you know, getting outside in the sunshine, which usually you don't want to do that because of cancer. Right. But being forced upon you, it involves juicing heavily for quite some time. You go on to a plant-based diet at first, which I had to do, which was totally fine with me. It doesn't bother me. And then you also do coffee enema, which a lot of people are funny about talking about that, but they are very beneficial in detoxing your liver and helping your body just really learn to process good gut biome and create a good atmosphere for healing. Sure. So it's just so many of these things, but also they add in extracts and powders, like some Chinese herbs, which I can't even pronounce all the ones I take. I just want to be good to stand for a guess. It's like a whole orchestra going on and when I'm getting ready for bed and when I get up in the morning. Is it like, like, are they a immune stimulating herbs? Is that what this was today? They are. Some of them simulate your immune system to go up. Some of them are just ones you can get offline on Amazon, like the extracts, some of them, like bladder rack, bird awkward, stuff like that. They're great for cleansing. They have great anti-cancer properties. They're almost like natural antibiotics. Got you. Got you. Interesting. It's a great question. I've talked to people before, I've told me about coffee enema's. I was always wondering, do you get a caffeine buzz from the animal when you go up when you come? You can. It depends. So when I've used different brands, I've gotten like, because I don't really drink a lot of cap. I don't drink coffee. That's my coffee buzz for the day every morning. You can get a little bit because it does, especially if you're holding it long enough, it does go so far into your liver that it ends up in your bloodstream, which is kind of what you want. A little bit to detox and pull things out. You're using organic green coffee. But when I've traveled and been like, oh, I definitely am not skipping a day. I'm not doing this. I'm not doing that. So I would have to use just regular plain black coffee and you get more of a buzz from that. And then I'll do it every day. I'm always thinking of like, you've taken a stimulant, I guess, like a pre-workout, which I don't take those. But I think you're that's kind of the feeling that you've done. So you do a coffee anime every single day? I do right now. I had dropped down to where I was only doing it two to three days a week. Right. With my health and the way it's been, I've been doing it daily. So every morning, it's like a whole hour process for me to take all these extrax and vitamins and things. You got to get off the lower early, in other words, yeah. Yeah, but then my body doesn't want to do that either. So. Now, on top of that, compounding everything that you just told us, you got COVID. When did that happen? I got COVID April 27th. All right, I started feeling kind of bad the day before. Yeah. And I just thought, you know what, I'm going to go get tested. So I did the drive through at the, you know, CBS and the, yeah. While being where you're, where you're swapping your own nose and dropping the thing, you know? Yeah. And I would have rather had someone else do it because you're trying to do like all these things two days later, which I was, I was so sick by the time two days later came I thought I haven't had a head cold in so many years. I don't even know what's wrong with me. I couldn't stop coughing and it came back as positive. So I did like the two weeks of, you know, standing in your house, which totally find me. I live by myself. I'm always alone. I'd find with me. You know, I was just working online when I was awake, but I was barely able to stay awake. It was like 20 hours leaping every day. Wow. But I still, and then I was able to kind of leave the house, but just still had no energy. I see my doctor now and I still have side effects of it. So it's been six weeks now, eight weeks. Right. I don't like that. And he said I will probably have some of the effects of it for three to six months. Brain fog, confusion, exhaustion. My heart is inflamed and my lungs are inflamed. So where do you think you picked it up? Well, I, I work for Blackstone Labs down here. I still have online clients as well, with nutrition and lifestyle and competition, but I also came in and an executive assistant at Blackstone. I'm managing a lot of different tasks there and a guy there just said he wasn't feeling that great and he had gone to the hospital that week. Everyone else seemed to have like the stomach bug which never got to me. But that's what made me, I was like, I just kind of like did it feel good. I kind of was coughing a little bit and that's what made me, I was like, you know what? I'm just going to go get checked. I've managed to make it this whole year without getting COVID and I'm just going to go get checked because something just doesn't seem right. So are you sure that's where I got it, but you can get it from a gas pump. You can get it from a car. Oh, of course I know, but you're doing a cereal box at the grocery store. Are you? I don't think you can, but they say you get, well, you get that vaccine now. It's to make sure you don't get it again. I can't right now. You have to wait a full 90 day. Oh, okay. So probably the, who knows, who knows if it would even help, you know. They say if you have it once, if you get COVID and you take your only one dose of vaccine, really, the keep is. Yeah, I had a really plan on getting the vaccine. I was, I was funny about that stuff, but my doctor is kind of like, you know what? I would really rather you do that because you got sicker from your, the value of blood cells and all your blood work just went tanked during COVID and it's kind of really pushing me to do it. Now, what's the process now that you're, you know, you have the, the, the, the, the, the blood, the blood disorder. You know, you, you, you're, you're levels kind of dipped down, but it could have been obviously to do the COVID. How did they actually classify you as, quote, in remission or cured? I mean, is, is there actually a time when they'll actually say that or yeah, they will. I'm actually when my red blood cells get back to a normal level. Okay. So I just have to wait for that. The white blood cells can be a little lower. Obviously, you still want them to be higher and you want them to really increase when you get sick, which they did not when I had COVID, which you would think, you know, most people have an infection. That's how they can tell when your white blood cells are off the chart because they're trying to, you know, kill that off. But I just, I have to wait until my red blood cells come back up. So I just have blood work done actually this morning. Right. And I had blood work done seven days ago. And so we'll just wait and see when everything comes back. And I, I, I thought with leukemia, usually you have high red, high white blood cell count, usually you know, they're immature white blood cells that don't really function well. But I, I thought you have a higher amount of it. I actually have like nothing. It's weird. Yeah. You have like a weird amount. Yeah, they're, they're like, it's ridiculous. It's like non-existent almost. Mm-hmm. Now, knowing the kind of person that you are and how structured you are and how goal oriented you are, I gotta ask you this, even though if it might not be in the near future, do you see yourself competing again at some point? I don't think so. A lot of people go, you know, you can repeat right now. And I'm like, well, now that I'm on this cancer diet. I mean, I still, I still pick out on Sunday, Sunday, and stuff like that. But, you know, I, I just keep very structured to keep my insulin levels, correct. You know, my glucose levels, right? Right. But, um, I don't think so. I think I'd rather go out, you know, you just kind of go out while you're on top. I agree, but yeah. And there's no, there's nothing to prove on the stage. I won 10 pro shows, which I'm just thankful that I had that opportunity to compete even on the I have baby stage. Right. And I got to grace the stage of the Olympia and the Arnold and Australia and India and all these places, you know, and Canada, like everywhere. And I just don't think that there's any reason for me to get back on stage and put the heels back on. Right. So what, so what do you see is like your future, everyone has their like, what am I going to do next type of thing, my future goal? Like things I want to do in the future. What, like, where do you see South going? You want to stay in the sport and just kind of be like you do the coaching and I know you worked for Blackstone now. Is that what you want to see? What do you see yourself doing something else? I love doing the coaching with through nutrition, teaching people how to heal their bodies through nutrition and vitamins and just live a healthy sustainable life. I call like life long to sustainable, where you don't feel like you're on a deep leash and a bulking in a this and in that kind of nutrition. Like that's not good for your mentality long term, especially. As you get older, especially for women, men are a little bit better. But I see myself, you know, right now short term, my goal for myself would be to kind of get my body back to just feeling good because a lot of people go, well, you still look great outside. And I'm like, very appreciative of them saying that that makes me feel good. But at the end of the day, I could come home and I feel miserable and everybody, you know, my muscles is just aching and just I've got a Dima and a headache and nausea, it's just these random things and I don't think that they fully understand that. Or in the gym, I may be lifting some weight and they think I look great lifting that weight and I'm thinking, well, I used to feel to lift twice this much. Whoever think I need to do that much again, no. But I would love to see my physique be at a place where I'm personally happy because I think those of us that are successful on the stage, we've always challenged ourselves to be personally happy with something, you know. Sure. So I want to do that. But really just focusing on nutrition, focus on every day, just being a better person, somewhere and helping others. That's just always been my goal and that's what my goal through Blackstone Labs and through my online coaching. Yeah, I know a lot of people that were in the world. Help others and let them see their true potential. Sure. Sure. What do you think of this new wellness division that they got out there? I think it's great. I mean, I never had legs where always my problem. So I would never be a wellness competitor. I wish I could because I think that that's a beautiful look. I love that they're still not like so overpowering to where, you know, you see someone who have no over, no upper body at all and it's just legs. I love that the wellness division is still kind of balanced. I like to call it kind of like a 60 40. Yeah. Kind of balance. I think it's great though because so many women that wanted to compete would just have to run and run and run and run and die and do all these things and it was going against their natural body genetics. Yeah. And I believe they didn't have good experiences on the stage. And I think the whole point of the NPC and the IFPV, I've always wanted someone to walk away from that stage and find something that they could use that was. Fun and enjoyable to them that they can use in the rest of their life. And if you're just miserable every moment of it, then it's not. So I think that the wellness division has opened up the world of competing for a lot of women. Sure. Well, I got to just say you're a very brave woman and you've been through an awful hot in your life and it's amazing. And it just goes to show you that if you're focused enough and you're organized and you do your research and you have a positive attitude that you can kind of get through anything and you've proved that through your career. You've achieved probably more in the physique world than I think anyone ever would have predicted. And that's a testament to work ethic and I always tell people that. I mean, yeah, we all have a genetic predisposition but a lot of people never really realize they're true potential because they're not willing to do the work. And you've done the work not just on the stage but outside, you know, when through all the different illnesses you've had, your diabetes and you've overcome all these obstacles. And that's what a real role model is. I believe, you know, someone who can have these, I always ask myself something, why do I have these weird things that happen to me? And then I say, you know what, it's to show people that you can get through these things. If you're determined enough, if you do your research and educate yourself enough and you just don't give up, you know, and that's the key. Just said what you just took the word right out of my mouth. I think for me, what motivates me and drives me is at the end of the day. I want someone to be able to say, I didn't give up because of you. Right. And see, I just got like little tingles. I think it's too. Because you're right. You know, I'm not going to give up. Every day there's a reason why I'm on God's wake up list and is it to inspire someone motivate someone, just drive someone, push them a little harder or for them to see like, oh, wait, I could do something like that or I could try that. You know, because most days I wake up and I don't feel great, but I set my intention today is going to be a good day in some way and I'm going to get my butt out of this bed and I'm going to try no matter what. If I've got to come home at three o'clock and like I'm accounting, take a two hour nap, then I'm going to have to do that. But I'm going to do whatever I can physically, emotionally, mentally, all of that in the meantime. Yeah, amen to that. Okay. Keep us updated, Jen, you know, your story is ongoing and I love to hear that you know, you're doing well. Always interesting. Every time I hear you, you always have a fun. So I remember the first time I interviewed her, she's like, I'm eating. I have to eat pancakes three, night days in a row because I can't keep my weight up for stage. I'm like, oh, you got real big probs. Believe me, I said, don't tell me. Oh, I know. I don't want to be like, oh, I hate you. I hate that. I hate this. I hate this. And I'm like, no, no, wait, I'm not going to do that. I'm really fine. He's the only one. And then what they didn't know is that not only you pick it, you've got to now manage your blood sugar because of the pancakes, you know. That's what they didn't know. And we never knew like our pancakes going to backfire. Right. Because we need to drop really low and it also means I have chronic GI issues or any of that are going to work. Because that's the crap shoot you have with diabetes. Is it going to work this time or not? Because it could be different every single time you take a step on that stage. Absolutely. Good luck. Keep us updated. We're all praying for you. It's so good to speak to you. And I love talking to you. It was an inspiration doing this interview. I appreciate you doing joining us today. Well, I appreciate you having me. All right. The great trend. Strobo. We'll say a prayer for her. For now, though, we are at a time on day polumbo. We'll see you next time.