Old School Body Building Clothing Company. If it's been three and a half hours since you last ate protein, now you're starting to freak out, you are old school. If watching someone sit on a hammer machine for five minutes between sets playing with their phone, pisses you off, you are definitely old school. OSBBC.com for the hardest training athletes. I'm Dave Palomso, founder of Species Nutrition. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body and that lives on in the Species Nutrition line of products. I put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition products. If you want to be your absolute best, join the evolution. Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X-Rotter 30 year in a row. What we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching tasty pastry for the Ocar Pocktart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Alright, tell others not, alrightsmuscle.com. This is astute, better known as Hackspag. Astute, you're 30 minute question and answer show with Dave Lumball all your questions. Dying, spraying, supplementation. I can pros, news, whatever's on your mind. It is all on the table. Iron debate makes it for turn. I'm not going to tell you exactly who we're going to have on the panel because whenever we do that, we guess. They fit and what we do have a very, very star-studded panel promised for you in some interesting, interesting topics. So excited for that iron debate makes it for turn this week. But Dave, this upcoming weekend, you have your virtual secret to become a diet group class. Yes, I am an interrible and promoting it. However, some of you mentioned on here, it will be this Saturday 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. we take an hour for lunch break. It's online. So anyone anywhere in the world can take it. Obviously it's going to be Eastern Standard Time 9 a.m. You can go to mydapelombo.com website. There's a link to sign up there at the Dave Polamo University, the Pumble University website. And once you do your it and you'll get a username password you'll create. Once you sign in a lot of people ask this, you'll get to be able to download the manual. I will upload the manual, the hunter page manual, I'll give you guys. You'll download it and then we'll file along. I'll have it up on the screen. It's interactive. You can talk to me. You can type questions and people really enjoy this experience. And once again, I'm going to go over everything you could possibly want to know about how to be a diet coach. Everything really decides. It doesn't matter what your level of education is. It doesn't matter what you know or don't know if you know nothing. You're going to learn a lot. Okay, because I I I I build up everything very gradually so that everyone can understand what's going on. And it reinforces a lot of science and people's heads had a diet, had a gain weight. Drogs and that's a very popular part of the course. Obviously, you've performed some enhancing drugs and something about steroids and insulin and G.E.H. and all that usage. Do you talk to the case and we do contest prep last week had a peak people, dioretics. You know, it goes over anything you could possibly imagine and people come away from this course feeling like they took four year college education on this stuff. And this the the sad part is there's nothing else out there like this and that's why I do it really I do it because I feel like I'm giving back and I'm educating the next generation of coaches. So guys sign up and I'll see you on Saturday. Let's go to our question. Again, the first two questions on the day of the lungo experience. The first question day by the started recently cycling after 15 years and now calling some supplements I used into question, especially caffeine. Do you think people at one medium dose cycles will better off any lung cavity than if they were to use the various high caffeine pre-workouts, etc.? You know, I was just having this discussion with my wife yesterday and I told her, I don't think she believed me. And I used to be and when I was in medical school and I was in college, I never used a single stimulant. I never drank a couple of coffee and she said, well, how did you study and had you when I would do is I would take an abs. Okay, and I'm serious about this. When I was bodybuilding I did this. The only time I ever had coffee was when I was dieting. I would drink coffee just to curb my appetite a little bit. But when I needed energy, okay, I went and took an abs. Now if you have a full-time job obviously, you can't sleep at work. It's a different story. But if you're working, when you have the ability to have some breaks, try taking a mid-afternoon nap. I'm telling you, sleep doesn't an amazing thing. I used to come home from medical school. I would go to the gym right after med school. I would come home. I would eat dinner. I would do a bunch of guys. We would cook dinner. And then they would start studying. I was exhausted at that point. I went into my bedroom. I was slept for about 45 minutes. I got up. I washed my face, took a shower, and you know what? I was so awake. I would study four hours. It was like they would have to study 18 hours to be equipped with that four hours of studying because I was so focused. So good nap goes a long way. Can't do that. You know, a good cup of coffee can certainly help. Now, if you're using a pre-workout, there's nothing wrong with that. However, if you're using a pre-workout and drinking two energy drinks with it, that's excessive. And when you excessively over-stimulate your body, it stresses out the adrenal glands. The adrenal glands are always pumping out more and more and more at the naphenethrane. When they pump out at the naphenethrane, they pump out cortisol, which is a stress hormone. We know the cortisol can definitely catabolize muscle tissue. Because cortisol's job is to convert amino acids into glucose to raise blood glucose. So you don't want a lot of cortisol. I was also talking to George Tulliotis this morning about how cortisol can ravage your body. You can get fat from it and lose muscle. Nothing, okay? Which is weird. Because people think, oh, well, all the calorie guys will tell you, oh, it's all about calories and calories that know it's not. Because hormones will influence how your body utilizes calories. And cortisol, in high amounts, wreaks havoc on the body. We don't want to suppress the immune system. It breaks down a muscle tissue. It causes fat deposition in the abdominal area in the visceral organs. Not good. So you don't want to over-stimulate your body. But you could do a little bit, okay? It's a all-bout moderation. So if you like that pre-workout, you know, that you take and it helps get you three work out, then fine. But you shouldn't be drinking four or five energy drinks throughout the day. Also, in addition to that, because that's too much, okay? So, and also, what I do is, I drink cup of coffee like on the days we film here because we do a lot of filming in a row and I need to be awake. And sometimes I don't sleep that much because I got key on kids. So if that is the case, on the days I don't record, I don't drink coffee. So I let my body recover so that my central nervous system is very sensitive to caffeine. If I were to drink coffee every single day, large amounts eventually, it doesn't even do anything. I remember when I used to diet, I would drink Starbucks, you know, iced americanoes, and after, you know, three weeks of drinking every day, I could drink them and I could go right to sleep afterwards. It didn't even keep me awake. So, if you want to keep yourself sensitive to caffeine, don't do it. If you can get away with doing it every day or do very small amounts on the days that you really don't need it, you're going to get much better results for it. Second question again from the deep plumbo experience, I would get it cry, I don't want to drink high days. When Smith-Machine Squats be effective as barbell squats, I have it and I'm going to be very careful when I say this. Bulging disc, I love it. And to many times, I struggle after squatting. Yeah. Every N.A.S. didn't squat. The latter part of his career, because he had to hit an issue or something like that. His legs look great, okay? So, some people can do Smith-Machine Squats. I find that when you do Smith-Machine Squats, the Smith-Machine balance is the bar for you basically. So you're taking out a component of the squat that helps with full development. Just like Smith-Machine bench press is not quite as good as good a development as a freeway bar or free bar bench press. However, having said that, if you have an injury that makes it to that you can't squat the way you need to with a free bar, because you're injuring your back more and more, then you can't do it. You've got to work around the injury. Now, you should also check out, if you should try to get a pair of custom orthotics made for your shoes. That's going to certainly help the bile mechanics of your back and how your body is aligned. That could be causing the problem with irritating that disc as well. If the orthotics don't help and the only thing you can use is a Smith-Machine and that's going to help and you do the Smith-Machine, that's the best you can do. It's better than being laid up injured, right? I mean, at least you're training. So, sometimes we have injuries, we've got to walk around, we'll see we work around. And sometimes we're just making excuses. If you're just making an excuse, it doesn't seem like you are, then that's a problem. But if you have a legitimate reason why you're not doing it and you've tried all the suggestions of other people like I'm asking you telling you right now, get a pair of custom orthotics, then you go and you do your Smith-Machine. Let's go to our Instagram questions again. If you're not already following us, our handle is official underscore RX muscle. If you're watching us for the first time on YouTube, hit the subscribe button below, hit the notification bell. If you're not going to miss any of our show's segments or updates, if you like what you're watching, hit the like button comment below. Obviously, that helps. And as always, we thank you for your support. It's going to ask Susie Blaylock, a friend of the show. People are telling you, Bonnie Blaylockers are using a metformin to cut, but doesn't it impair muscle growth or is that not an issue for short-term use? You know, the study show, I'm a big life extension magazine guy, I like it because they do a lot of research there and they always support everything they say with research. And one of the reasons why metformin, which is that helps with blood sugar control, reduces glucose output from the liver and it does a couple of other things. The reason why they've shown that it actually helps with longevity or they think it helps with longevity is because it reduces IGF1 output. IGF1, obviously, is an anabolic hormone that will help build and repair muscle. And by reducing it, it reduces the rates of cancer and people's body. And by doing that, obviously, that won't increase longevity. So we know that high IGF1 levels are not good for living a long time. And for, you know, possibly if you do have cancer in your body, for cancer's recovery, because it stimulates their growth, obviously, you know, how cancer in your body, IGF1 is not an anabolic hormone. So it goes back to the old, what's good for body billing is sometimes not good for your health and what's good for your health is sometimes not good for body billing. So if I was a competitive body builder, I would not be taking metformin right now. Maybe after I retired, if I felt like it was something I wanted to take, I would do it. I don't use it now because I don't think I need it. I don't think, I don't like the gastric or the GIFX of metformin. I'm not against people who use it. I don't think there's anything wrong with it. But if you have a blood sugar issue and you're taking metformin for that, I think you'd better off taking a long act of insulin to manage it and then taking metformin. But if I'm a body builder who's looking to maximize muscle, I would not take metformin. No. I'll go to heartache, bro, Chancho, can you give more of a thorough explanation on why bridging is not ideal to gain size. I've seen really big physiques that were achieved with cruising glass cycles and don't even want. I hate the word cruising and blasting and I don't know. Maybe I'm just a shell on my age here. It's almost annoying. It's like people make up cool sounding, you know, I guess you could say, colloquialism to make it cool to do what you shouldn't be doing. Look, if you're doing a cycle for six months, okay, to grow. And it worked and you put on 20 pounds, whatever, whether it may be 12 of that as muscle, the rest is water, whatever the case may be, and it worked. And you did a had a nice cycle and you're not going to compete this year, okay. If you go off to clean your body out, why would you stay on anivar or bridge it with anivar or even like a little bit of testosterone? Why? Why not just go off everything? Clean your body out. Number one, you're going to detox perfectly. Now the anabolic receptors, the energy and receptors that are weak, we know are not, they're found on the nucleus of the cell itself. So inside the cell is a little brain. The DNA is in there. And these receptors are on the nuclear membrane. Come on, these energy and bind to this, it tells the body, obviously, build more muscle, okay. But these receptor numbers, the more they're over-stimulated or over-saturated with testosterone, another anabolic state, they downgrade themselves. Just like anything would, okay. It doesn't want to be overwhelmed. That's why they steroids don't work as well as when you first take them the first four and six weeks. They still work, but they downgrade, okay. In women, women don't produce very much testosterone, with talking small small amounts. So their energy and receptor density is very high. Meaning they have a lot of receptors so that those receptors can recognize the small amount of testosterone that's floating around their blood. When you take a large amount of steroids, over what your body naturally produces, what we call a pharmacological amount, okay. The receptors will downgrade. Now when you go off a cycle, okay, if you stay on some steroid, those receptor numbers are not going to come back to the degree that they should or that you would want them to. However, if you take away everything and you know what's going to happen, after four weeks of off all of these steroids, you're going to go down to almost zero, okay. Because your body's not going to even with HCG in clom, but it's not going to turn itself back on initially, very high amounts. You'll get a little bit production. So the body now, these receptors, okay, on this, these energy receptors are being exposed in very low levels of energy now. For whether it be six to eight weeks however long you're going to go off. That's usually I recommend eight weeks off. And what they're going to do is these receptors now, we're going to think that there's not enough receptor. It's not going to understand that your testosterone level is super low. So it's going to start producing more and more and more and more energy receptors. After six to eight weeks, you're going to have maximum amount of the energy receptors back. Now you're going to go back on cycle. Oh, cookie monster. He agrees with me. Oh, oh. You're going to have maximum energy receptors now at the six to eight weeks. When you go back on cycle, you're going to get a very, very big antibody boost. I think the mistake people make is they don't go off. They stay on some testosterone. Their engine receptor is really don't regenerate much. Although they do detox their body because they're off of most of the stuff that they were on. And then they go back on and they grow a little bit, but they don't really get the maximum results. And over, you do this year, a year, a year, after three to five years, your body shot, you're not growing anymore. Trust me, you're not going to lose anything in six to eight weeks. Every year of my career, I went off for eight to ten weeks. Except one year, and that was the year I had terrible results from 97 to 98. I was doing a lot of gasposing, and I just kind of stayed on a little testosterone. I bridged and it didn't work well. And I didn't, I had an entire look to my physique. Trust me, go off for six to eight weeks. I promise you, you would not lose any muscle. And when you come back on, you're going to see amazing results. But abroad, Rogers, Dave, have you ever mixed? Trends, T-T and Trend, and they together, just to get the trend into your system faster? I have not. Not tried that myself. Back in my day, there was, there was parable, which was long acting trend alone. And, you know, the second half of my career, there was trendable and acetate, that people were making for you. And I used usually one or the other. I didn't usually use both at the same time, because it was really the same compound. I preferred trend acetate over the, um, the parable, because I found like, I felt like it worked better during contests prep. Offseason, sometimes when I used parable, that became not available anymore. I was using trend alone, acetate, both offseason and pre-contest, you know, I would obviously cycle a lot in off. I personally think that the trend acetate works better. However, people get more side effects with that, because it seems to over-stimulate the nervous system more so than the trend, the long acting trends do. And then when you over-stimulate the nervous system, you, some people have, you know, digestive problems, some people get chronic hiccups from it, some people have trouble sleeping and that's usually the sub one of the main side effects you can't fall asleep in it. Once you fall asleep, you go be as very hard to fall asleep. Anger aggression, obviously all those other things. And of course, high blood pressure. Try and acetate really can spike your blood pressure pretty high and you got to be careful of that, because that could damage your kidneys. So these are things you want to side one and often these are things you want to take into account. Probably retrospectively, if I was looking back, I probably would do the long acting trend on the offseason, save the trend acetate for the, you know, the last six to eight weeks before our show. Those good at piney, the destroyer day we've heard you mentioned how any see and milk this look in altar, your blood work. Can you go into a little detail on what it changes and how much of a change it can make? Yeah, I've talked about this before. I feel like I'm being repetitive, but maybe it won't repeating. Milk vessel or silamaring, which is the chemical, it's in milk vessel, that does something, is a dilator to the bile ducts inside the liver. Okay, so the liver produces bile, it dumps the bile into the, it globular, the globular, and then squirts it into the small intestine when you're eating a fatty food meal. Okay, these bile ducts that drain the liver however, also the ducts that deliver uses to detoxify itself. So, when the liver is detoxifying chemicals in the body, whether they be animal oxsteroids or alcohol, whatever, it dumps all the gunk through the bile ducts into the globular, and then that's how you body gets rid of this stuff. However, when the liver is overstressed, it can get inflamed. When the liver gets inflamed, these little bile ducts get pinched off, and now that the gunk can't get out of the liver, it backs up, and you get inflammation, and then over time, you can get fibrodic tissue or scar tissue being laid down essentially, and that will scar the liver over, and that's permanently damaging the liver. So, milk vessel, okay, opens up or dilates these bile ducts and enables the gunk to go through at a much higher rate. It's like, if you have a kinking your hose, it opens up the kinking the hose that the hose can lift the water flow. And so, it's a good thing to use, especially when you're on a cycle, or even when you're trying to detox after a cycle, because you're constantly allowing the liver to push stuff out at maximum amounts without that backup occurring. Anacidal system is a precursor to glutify on which is the main antioxidant of the liver uses for also helping to detoxify these chemicals coming into the liver, while the antioxidant, I mean, all the free radicals that are there that are being produced. So, it's a nice one-two tandem to have together. The milk vessel is the most important component, however, and I really recommend highly. I can make my own, but I recommend Bill Lewellin's Molecular Labs, Liver Stable. I actually sell it at datelumbo.com. I think it's a really good product, and so I've just always backed it rather than try to make my own, which I could. But, you know, when I see good other products out there, I don't mind selling those other products if I think that they're the best out there, and I think he did a good job of it. So, it's something if, you know, when I'm competing or if I was on a cycle, I would be taking it all the time, through an just 65 days year. In the very least, you should certainly take it when you go off-cycle to clean yourself out. Time for two, three more questions, Lavonne, Eugene, Kelhoun, should I stop taking creatine before a show? I tell people to stop it two weeks out, because I think it does cost some fluid retention that sometimes it's hard to get rid of. Plus, when you're dehydrating the last week or so that last couple days before a show, you definitely don't want to be on creatine because the kidneys need fluid, you know, proper hydration to flush the creatine out of the body. So, two weeks before stop it. Bill, you want to be 20. How many calories do you recommend to add weight or size to maintain and to be deficient? I heard John Meadows talking about a 16, 12, 10 approach, 16 to gain, 12 to maintain, and 10 to lose these are calories per body weight. You know what? I do not believe in calories. Obviously, calories are important. You know, you got eating a food, enough energy you need, but I don't believe in calculating things by calories. We're not machines. We know that these calculations do not work, okay? Because depending on whether you're eating protein fat or carbs, your body is going to respond completely different. So, you can't just say increase calories because people will just eat junk food, okay? Or the leek carbs. I would. If you just said, hey, increase your calories, 100, I'm going to eat carbs. That's what I'm going to do. It's not going to, that's like I'm doing it for me. You know, the rate, the rate, the rate, proof on the fact that what you eat doesn't always dictate how you look is by and we just mentioned this before. If you have a high high cortisol level in your body, okay, or you're taking a drug like prednisone, it's going to make you store fat without eating any extra calories whatsoever. Any extra food, your body will just get fat or why? Because this drug has a nutrient partitioning effect that changes, okay, how your body processes food. Likewise, certain people are very carbs sensitive and if you increase their carbon take, they're going to get fat or they're not going to get more muscular. Other people, you add carbs to their diet and guess what? They grow muscle, not because the carbs are building muskers, we know carbs don't build muscle, but because they need more fuel available so that their bodies don't use the protein and fat as a fuel source so they can build muscle. So in every situation it's different. So I don't, there's no formula that works. Mathematically, because we're not machines and everyone is a different type of organism and responds differently. I can eat a lot of different, I can eat McDonald's and I'm going to get lean and I'm going to grow muscle. The next guy eats McDonald's, he's going to turn to a fat slob. So you got to figure out what your body needs and I, you know, as a coach, I ascertained that by how I see your body responding. So if I think that you look really flat and I'm trying to put weight on you, you're probably not eating enough carbs that are producing glycogen in the muscles, so I'm going to increase your carbon take. If you're full and as a house and you're still not getting weight, I'm going to assume you're probably not eating enough protein to add new muscle and I'm going to add proteins to your diet. If that doesn't work, okay, you might not be getting enough essential or enough even just fats in general and then I'll try to increase fats. So it's a trial and error type of thing and each person is a little different. You can't calculate calories because calories tell you nothing quite qualitatively about what you're consuming. Last question from Taylor Vation David, your opinion the best legs in bodybuilding history. Tom Platt's. No, no questions asked. I like to believe that mine were but they were not even close to Tom Platt's. Tom Platt's had the sickest look in legs, the shape of them, the striations. I mean, they were just, I mean, if you, from a purity standpoint, those were perfection. Unfortunately, his upper body didn't match his legs. I don't know if anyone's upper body can match those legs, but I thought that that's the perfect set of legs. That's going to do for this episode of As Dave reminder, new all new iron debate coming up tomorrow and Friday. We're going to have two episodes for you of iron debate. So the show after a hiatus is back again, we can't, we can't tell you who's going to be on the show because that's kind of beaten us in the past before, but we promise you's going to be worth your time. It's going to be worth your watch and it's going to be really, really compelling and compelling to beat compelling compelling topics. For Tyler Schoen-Dapetal and Bolt, I'm so the for review, we'll see you next time.