Let's get to what we were discussing yesterday. We posted it on Instagram. We wanted to get a feel for modern day posing, modern day body gold opposing and Lee, you brother, good point as far as the posing versus the entertainment aspect of it. Reflect back on your memories of Melvin and one made him such a great poster in your mind. Hello Melvin. It was just a great pose. It just just looking at Melvin, you know, some people. And then some people's like painting, I guess. That's why people, we suck at painting. So we don't have rhythm. And I think the same comes to opposing. You can just see people who are naturally gifted when it comes to posing. They can hear music. They can flow their body moves to it. They said not even the muscles like Melvin said, even facial expressions or even opening of a hand or a hand closing your fingers. Everything comes into play when someone's a great classical pose or so. Just seeing Melvin move on stage or just like what's in fluid. It's just like this fluid movement. The music, just gracefully went together. Where is he get out of the guys that come out and just moved up. Most muscular walk to the stage. Most muscular walk over there. They'll have some music where every second beat is boom, boom. So they can't miss the pose. But you can watch Melvin pose and sometimes I know people will be like, oh, they're not clapping. That's the, to me, that's great. If you can mesmerize an audience here, we'd like to hear you applaud, awesome that. But if you can walk out and pose and there is silence because the crowd is just in awe because Melvin, you know, it's time to start off slow and the crowd will be quiet. People think well, no one's making a noise because it's so captivated by his moving and he's posing and then he'd go into some road-bought and dense moves and then the crowd would really arc up and stuff. But if you can just catch someone with music and posing like that, you've got to mean the palm of your hand and Melvin always did that when he was posing. There's very, you know, there's a lot of good poses, but to be an exceptional pose like Melvin, there's probably only a handful to this day in bodybuilding. That can do it. Yes, there are entertainers too, like Kai and how do you can stand on his head and do the splits and spin around and stuff. But yes, that's sort of good pose, but to me, that's more on the entertaining side where his Melvin had best of both worlds, but when Melvin posed he really posed. Well, Skate King Kamali and here King, we're going to talk about individual bodybuilders today as far as who are considered to be some of the better poses, a better poseer's. In your opinion though, again, we talk about Melvin Anthony, we talk about a generation of own stage entertainers. Do you feel as if we still have that same level of quality today in terms of posing in terms of routine as we do today? And if you want to throw it in, your memories will meet Melvin such a great on stage entertainer. Yeah, absolutely not. It's horrible nowadays. It sucks. Bodybuilding is not bodybuilding anymore. I've said it a thousand times. People seem to think that when we say things like this, we are disgruntled and all they're retired and no, it's not. Bodybuilding is not the same. The energy is gone. The excitement is gone. The guest posing is gone. When you had a guest poseer coming to town, it was like a rock star coming into town. You go there. People will go nuts. You feel the energy even before you walk out on stage. The lights come on. You hear the ooze and eyes. Now you got crickets. Rami walks out at 320 pounds and you hear crickets. What's wrong with that? What is wrong with that? You know what's all with that is the internet. Internet fucked everything up. Social media fucked everything up. Right now when you have social media stars that are bigger than the actual stars, something's wrong with this picture. Something's really wrong with this picture. As far as Melvin goes, listen, meet personally. I always, I loved going up against Melvin because Melvin was, he was fun. Craig took it personal. Melvin didn't take it personal. Melvin took it like exactly what he just did right now. You say something to him and he comes right back at you and it was fun. Melvin was the type of person that you can have a fight with and later on that day the expo he'll buy you lunch. That was Melvin. Now as far as his posing goes, Melvin is a pop locker from the West Coast. One of the funniest things I've ever seen is when he had a break that when he had a pop lock competition in Italy against a bunch of fucking douche bags, every time I'm in a bad mood, I want to be a hero and I laugh myself because Melvin doesn't care. He'll do it any place anytime anywhere. Characters, personalities, that shit is gone. Dexter retired the last of the Mohicans retired. It's done. It's a whole different ballgame now. I'm sorry, Melos. I know you got a lot of people your coaching. I know that you, you have a lot of people under you and all these people, but it's not the same and I know deep down in your heart. You know that's true. Well I do want to get me a little shimpy. I don't mean, you have to run in a short period of time and I appreciate your time as always and I have to go train. I wanted to get your opinion if you want to respond to King but then also in today's naughty building landscape, who you like, who reminds you sort of that, you know Melvin's era as posing as for as an on stage entertainment value. I got to make one thing straight. I don't have to go three o'clock through train because it's three o'clock. That's good in time. Not the eastern time. Oh, three o'clock. And by the way, when I said this west east, I want to revisit that east west competition also because I have a couple of westerns here and couple of easterns and then Australia and Guy that can say, who is better east coast of West coast. But I hear about the posing. Madden brought it really to the next level. He got everything from John as Lee Priest said, opening the finger, facial expression and alls, bending the choices of the poses. You can hit the 10 great poses. But this 10 great poses have to be hit in the right transitions in order. If you do from one and then the other one doesn't make sense, you know, you're ruining the posing. So madden that 2003 post-reviewed in for Madden and I posted, I think that's some masterpiece. That was a masterpiece. And I'm going to, you know, can you hear? I do remember one's commentating Mr. Olympia and I actually was kind of bashing you for your great entertaining posing. And I was saying, like, look, he didn't hit the three poses. You know, these dance. You know, so I'm going to take that back because yeah, you did a scene many of your routines. You did so entertaining and you did excellent routine. But if I'm a judge going by the 80s and the 90s rules, when we had a signature round of square round and the posing round, presentation round was counted for you can actually get the points on that. Madden, you bit Flex, three or 2003 and I don't man after the posing round. He was the head of the in the prejudging right? So if you think this is the element, hey, we don't have a much of the supporting event in the bodybuilding, you know, because they say since sport is entertainment, well, it was a sport back in a day. You do the signature round and you have it for any comparisons. Three guys back to back to back, you can dissect them. Now that is the six guys, Hanahalib and I look at the guy from the left, guy to the right and then in the middle, there is no way. So when he came to the posing, there was the posing of John Brown, Mohamed McCabe, Lilabrada, at Korma, being staleer. I mean, there was art and this is what Madden brought into it with his statue of entertainment, which you come out of, yeah, you did the hell of a job there. You know, as much as I made those comments back then for the midst of the MPI was actually compensating and I said like, well, this is entertainment, but not the posing team. I've seen some of your posing routines and you did manage to keep your stomach tight and make interesting poses. I've seen several of those dancers that they tried to emulate, that in Charles were a nothing and they completely lose. The stomach goes out, you know, they do some poses that don't do nothing for their physique. It's just the opposite. I remember back in the day when I was in 90s, posing in Germany, this German promoter goes to Miller's. Why you have to do bad double-bicycle posing, you're free posing routine, I say what you mean. You know, it's a Madden 3 pose, years, but not in a free posing. Free posing is supposed to be a time that you emphasize your physique, your streaks, not your weaknesses. So you have no arms, you have no back. Why are you how they're doing a bad double-bicycle? It's like, yeah, you're right. So yet also come at the act of posing. Some guys don't have all the mandatory spurtryplic, but then when they bring this twisting back shots, launching, kneeling, whatever and you go, whoa, look at that. Well, I mean, the whole Madden 3 routine 2003, I started that I saw a thousand kinds, and as if this is absolute perfection, okay? So you know, just to mention this, Sean Ray was a great poseer. So nobody can take away this from him, right? Madden, you don't mean in a conversation yesterday, you don't take away from Sean as a barbell, you even think that he should win Mr. Olympia. So let's, I mean, I know that a lot of guys jump on Sean, Sean is Sean, okay? Let it, you say he is kind of selfish things just so you can self. I know, as a told you, right? Everybody should be, what? Very selfish man, come on, be a little bit. Yeah, yeah, but here, he question for all of you guys. Should we all be selfish and think of a self first or follow mad by my, my way? I was pretty much set last, always an end up with a short end of the stick. So I understand that Sean wants to, you know, do things for Sean, okay? But to be fair, I mean, that gives some advice, Madden, he was not your opposing coach by no means absolutely, and you will not hear, I don't know if you'll listen, I said that day 299 for the U.S. that you won and then going to 2000, another champions which I prepared for, you know, I was observing your opposing, of course, with the due respect of John giving instructions, I would just be second pair of the eyes. And in that moment, Sean was there and he just said his basic bangled biceps open, he did back again. I mean, something that you already did 2000 times. So on that matter, he didn't teach anything, but to conclude, and I'm sure that all of you guys are great. I haven't seen one great opposing routine unless he is Olympic, let me think, not one. I mean, because it's a scale down, you don't need to do, you're not being judged on it, you know, it's just a little impression. If you had a three-round symmetry round, so you have to emphasize the status, shape, it really need to go to the classic physique, because if you want to be more classic, you would do it, so you can win a symmetry round. Then you want to freak them out and you win the Ferrari round, okay? You scared me to pose. You can do the most muscular and from the advices, you know, stick your tongue out and go left and right. Meals, can I say something here? Okay, everything you're saying, 100%, 1000% agree. The problem is that you have to look at the root of the problem, okay? One person was awarded a pro-card at the USA's. One! That's it! One! Now you got a 118 pro-cards handed out. That's what fucked up the sport. When you're coming and you're going into the nationals of the USA, you had to be the best in the country. Number one in the United States. Now you have to be number one to 200. You understand? That's why, when you say water down, that's what the water down. They don't care anymore. That's the problem. When I'm getting ready for the show, when I was getting ready and I knew Melvin was going to be, and I was like, I will go to a body rock, I'm like, Dom man, we got out to him, we got out to him, whatever he's doing Steve, I don't care what he's doing, I wanted to put more sound effects, for more bombs here, I want more drops here, this and that. Now they don't care, it doesn't matter. You know why? Because the girl with her has the fucking Dominican ass and the fucking bombshell boobs is getting with 1 million followers on Instagram, she's getting paid. Not the guy who's killing him, soft on stage. That's the problem man. One champion, now there's 118 pro cars mean hand it out. Okay, can I ask you guys, okay, King, how do you explain that right now they have a probably 300, 400 professionals back in the day, I'm going to mention Melvin's pro debut, 2000, another chance, right? 44 competitors, 40 fucking four competitors, I competed also 50 competitors on the fucking stage, another chance. Now you have a show, like what was here in California, like eighth competitors and nine and ten, I don't get it, I was the pro, I have a pro card, I can enter any pro contest, make money, promote myself, you know, get some jobs, where does pros, we have a, like you said, 300 pros, where are they, why they're not competing? They don't care. That's the topic that we've been talking about now over the course of the last two weeks and that is and that was sort of an sort of, you know, with this almost classic lineup, Sergio Leva Jr came on heavy, most radio and essentially cold out the bodybuilding world, he wanted more competitors to compete, especially the high level ones and that's what we're going to get at the Arnold Classic, but they've only bring you because again, you made, you know, a real career out of guest posing and again, you have an appreciation for the art of guest posing, you and I were talking about the silver the point yesterday, again, who bought up the point, I really wish I could remember it, but they pointed out on Instagram how guest posing in a sense today has become two and a half minutes of just most muscular shots telling the crowd to get all been and then that's about it. In your opinion, again, when we talk to today's bodybuilders, again, you have many who have an appreciation for the art of bodybuilding, for the art of posing, but in a sense that has been translated, where do you think the disconnect is? People are lazy. I mean, when I would go to guest pose, like I didn't have the talent of Melvin, so I had to be entertaining. I had the size and freakingess and that's what the, I knew the crowd loves that and guest poses and I always was in shape. So I made sure I was always in shape and I would put together these routines, I would choreograph with music and props and everything like that to get people laughing to get them like holy Mac, well, this is cool. I got my money's worth coming through the show because I got entertained by someone who actually took the time to be creative because when I went to bodybuilding shows, that's what I was just, you know, speaking of, I remember seeing Melissa Coates' guest pose at the muscle beach, one of the muscle beach shows back in the 90s, may she rest in peace, we lost her recently, and she put on such a great routine. It was so entertaining, I said, you know what? When I get to the level, if I ever get to the level where people want to pay me or see me to guest pose, I am going to put time and effort into my routines. I'm not going to just go up there and wing it because these people are paying money to see these shows and they deserve to be entertained. And you know what, I might not be a pro, I might have been an Olympian, but I'm going to give them the money's worth, and they're going to remember they pull them, but when they leave, that or what a torn-up, and that's what I did every single time. And I did a couple of years, I guess, post 35 times a year, I mean, so I was, you know, I was in demand, I didn't overcharge these promoters, I did seminars with it, I gave them the money's worth, and you know what? The people who went there and bought it, taken to see their friends felt like they got something a little extra. And I don't know why we don't have that today. The shows are too long, there's too many divisions, people just want to get out of there, they're not interested in watching anything. And I think that that's the problem, you know? So, you know, it's a different year, I understand that. You mentioned Sergio Leaver Jr., I think he's a great pose, I love watching him on stage. He's entertaining. He does his own thing, but then he also throws in a little bit of his dad's pose at the end. I mean, the audience goes crazy for that. I mean, that's entertainment. You know, we put out this post yesterday on our Instagram and some of the names are mentioned. Yeah, Sergio Leaver Jr. was one of the more prominent, he mentioned the most prominent one was Terrence Ruffin. And you had a lot of a handful coming from the classic physique division, and to one of Ayanna, Hunter Lebrada mentioned prominently from the open class as well. Melvin was bringing back on this, when you lengthen, you surveyed the landscape to today's bodybuilding. Who do you like? Who do you find entertaining on stage? entertaining? I think that, you know, the names you mentioned, they are very good poses. But there's a level, there's a level that the bodybuilding community or the fitness community as a whole, they don't try to grasp the wow factor. Terrence Ruffin's like, I like it, I like the way he poses. Sergio Leaver, I've been knowing the guys the team is a kid. There's a level, there's a, there's a level that goes beyond what he's done. And that's why I started to try to teach it. I started, you know, giving guys information, guys have been retaining my services to help them get there. That's the same information that I got from John Brown. I could deliver it. You know what I mean? Paul DeLette was one of the guys I really, really wanted to like get a hold of when I was coming up through the ranks. You know what I mean? He's to stay at Lee pre-south, you know? And I used to go over there, like a little kid and I, you know, I talked to him and he said, you know, there's a mind muscle connection that you're not trying to learn. But he thought, since I'm in shape, I'm pre-hunting a prince. I don't care. So if you don't care, that's how he talked to you. He has to rub that as much. You know, maybe when I don't care. So you know, I was 300 pounds in, I don't care. So you know, I just laugh at him or I, but don't care. And so you get what you get. So the same emphasis that these guys have now. Oh shit. I'm out. Can't come on. He says it best. You know, they laugh at me because I'm always a jokester. I'm a tailor like it is. And I can emulate Paul DeLette, like you would not believe. He'd be like, how do you be the chin? And I do cut you. So I don't care. Just two, three hours. And I would get up there and I would just do abshunt. And it'd be over with. Nah man, because I didn't do even to this day. If I competed now, let's just say you put me on stage right now. And remember, best shake. I don't do it for the money. I do it for the people who pay to get here. The people who paid money to see me, I'm going to want to be the one that stands out. So I put the emphasis in the time and the effort it and the work to be able to have a wild factor. So yes, Terras Reffen will be the stand out guy. Sergio Leaver Jr.'s another stand out guy with four classical posing. But there's another level. The entertainment value. There's another level. You have to connect with the music. You have to bring them music. You have to make it come alive. And there's a system for that. A day one thing here, I think I mentioned this before that I when I talked to you before. When I went to the nationals, Lee Haney was backstage. And when he told me change my life, it really did. And what Lee said to me was, when the crowd, he goes, just be entertaining. When the crowd and you're going to have a great career. Forget about the crowd. He's just wind the crowd. He said to me, and it just stuck to my head. I'm like, okay, that's it. That's what I'm going to do. And you don't know Dave, how many times I'm not going to mention names, because then I'm going to get shit for it. How many times some officials will tell me, stop doing that. Your routines are too long. Why are you dancing? And I'm going to look at them over like, but I got the best response. People are talking about women to stop when I'm when the crowd is having a good time. So I would be like, okay, sure, no problem. The next time I do it even longer. So you got to eat Melvin's right entertainment. You gotta make them have don't do. And I love the fact that people use songs that they like. No, no, no, no. No, right, right, you would everyone like. So I don't know why I don't that song. No, you have to send a message. And I will tell you, when we were coming through like he said, you were saying the California, the Orange County, there was one guy. I had to beat everybody. You know what I'm talking about? And you didn't have to beat a biggest. You just had to beat the best. And we took it serious. Believe me, Melos is Jim, Melos, what's telling you? We didn't play on the West side. We was street boy. So when Keke Kamali came out in the magazine and he got the top of that shit about we was pussy. And he was told, so he was guys on train hard. We wanted to kill Keke Kamali. When he Kamali came in 93, he didn't know everybody had to all of his head done. They's like, hey, yeah, so when we came up backstage, remember we came up at the backstage after the show and Keke Kamali was like, hey, man, you know, I just want to say, man, that was all for show. That's safe, but he was about to jump on Keke. He liked to get his ass. The 2000 one, the 2001 Iron Man won. I was up there battling. There were people in the audience throwing a game sign. Don't want to get. Yeah, so Keke Kamali come up the side at you. 2000 one. He comes up the side on the stage. Go the guys. You know, I got my little friends in front of the neighborhood and like, yeah, that's that food. They throw them guys on. They weren't getting kids. Look. Some kids come out of the side of the stage after the show. You know, we all, you know, it was all over with. It's all became out and Keen, you know, put his hand out to say, hey, man, man, that was a battle man for the ages, man. You know, it was all for show. And it hit me that this guy was just crying. But we didn't know that. He was a kid talking about, he was back to the boat here. We're going to beat up a postage. We're getting out. 2001 Iron Man Chris winning Melvin second and Kamali crazy looking. Territ. Yeah. It was a show. It was something spectacular. But hey, now you're talking East Coast, West Coast. I just thought you're subject. Let me ask you guys, because I'm not, you know, Americans. So I coonvented USA's and nationals. What are you guys? Okay. Dave, you did almost 20 national levels from North American USA's nationals. You did everything. Maven, you only did the USA's. They did both every year. USA national national, USA national, he gave them all the way up to the second. King, you only did the nationals. Why is that? Oh, I'm going to tell you. Okay. I'll let King Kemori answer that first and then I'll come in. I was hoping. Yeah. It was obvious to me. It was as a kid coming up. It was so fucking obvious that the USA's was the West Coast show, West Coast judges, West Coast everything. Why would I go there and get my ass handed to me when I can just stay on the East Coast and just stay with my people, stay with it. No, no, to me it was completely obvious. Number one. Number two, again, it was to me it was embedded on the West on the East side that the nationals was the show to do for us. West Coast was the USA. That was embedded in my brain from day one. So that's my answer. All right. My answers I agree. I would have went to the nationals because I mean, me personally, I was trained that you know, like a people, you know, John Brown was say sick and I go in and bite and just go kill everything. But as my personal, I did the USA because I wanted to be in my backyard. I wanted to be the best because at that show, the national back that had you get every class to get a profile. You know, John Brown won. Every guy at the USA, you had to win yo class and the overall, which means you had to be the best of the best of the internet day when all the smoke cleared. I had to be the band of weight, the middle weight, the wealth weight, heavy weight and then that time, the super heavy weights. And I did that. That was, it was a personal decision for me. And I knew that shoot. I was going to have some of them judges and you know, I'm like me too. I watched me since I was kids. So I'm just staying over here. So yeah, I agree with King on that. My, I'll give you my answer. My answer that I was a dumb dumb naive kid. I was in school way too long. I knew nothing about politics about trends about East Coast West Coast. I just figured if you showed up at the best, you got you placed with your supposed to. So I did both. I figured you know what? I'm always in shape. I could do two shows. It didn't take a lot out of me to peak twice a year. And so I did both. And I was naive to that fact. But they were right. Back in the early 90s, you know, I think there was definitely a trend for West Coast USA, East Coast wins nationals. I think it changed once we got into the 2000s. I think it kind of evened out. But there was definitely a, there was definitely a tendency to go that direction. I think I'll have one extractor to that too, Chad Nichol. You know, he guided me in the right. He put me on the right track when I didn't have, when I had questions and I should say Chad and Kim, I will put them both together because I used to talk to both of them. So it was him and he guided me in the right direction. He would tell me and he'd point blank told me state, state of the nationals, let Melvin do his thing. He's got it because we both because both Melvin and I just suppose that the Ronnie Coleman show and Melvin was in shape and I was a fat ass off season. And I remember we had a little thing on stage and I said Melvin, go get your fucking pro card to the USA. He'd be alone. And he's doing a 90s game. He's black. And Melvin was like, anyway, it was fun time. But good Chad definitely Chad put me on the right. And then even Chad after I got my pro cards, he'd point blank told me he goes, yeah man, you ain't ready. I'll put the conclusion because he's not ready for the approach. That's why I took two years to give back on stage from 99 to 2001. He was straight at me because you're not ready for the pro. Just do what you got to do put on another 10 12 pounds and then we'll get you ready. Chad Nichols, God bless him. We lost Lee for a second. I wanted to bring up something in the surge of mention and King of the Year on this one. He mentioned specifically, he made a really good point on this one. Let me see if I get this correctly. There is a fine line between posing when you're under 275, 270 pounds and over 270 pounds talking about Dennis Wolff, when in the best posing award at the Arnolds. And again, we're talking about Sergio Lee with Junior Vegas. You know, if we're going to go into Classic Physicians, that's totally different topic altogether. Again, you're talking about a lighter demographic for the most part. But when you're talking about somebody who's going to be posing over the weight of 270 pounds, talk about some of the challenge that's going to present it. Because he's talking specifically about how much more difficult it is for him to pull off some of these poses and routines. Yeah, first of all, I don't think he's 200 and fucking 70 pounds on stage. That, that I severely doubt that. A lot of people nowadays they're saying they're 270. I think Flex Wheeler at his all-time best. I don't know Melvin can clarify this. I mean, was a 232, 235 somewhere around there. Right. And in a cutler at his best was what? 255 to 60? No, no more than 262. So when someone says I'm 270 pounds, let's take Ronnie and put him on a different category and put him aside. You know, let's not talk about he's just a freak mutation mutant. And we're never going to see that again for hundreds of years. But don't look at that. Now, yes, if you're a bigger guy, of course it's going to be harder to move and all that stuff. But it's not impossible. How about practicing once in a while? How about, you know, getting in front of a mirror and putting the microphones on and practicing your posing, nobody does that anymore. Nobody does that anymore. It's just sad. And again, I know Melus is he's got so many clients and so many people still doing this is he's the person to ask this question. And we will also be the person that. Yeah, you got to pose definitely. Well, let me tell you this, King, I talked to, this is very interesting. I talked to Ronnie Coleman, ask him what is your all-time best Ronnie says 98 Olympia. I asked Kevin, what was his best? He said the, uh, how does he have to ship? I forgot now what was Kevin? I think 93 or champions. I asked Flex Villar, he says 99, vintage ramp tree and he said he was 258 and that show. And I remember that was because I was 255. That was my my heaviest. I said, is this possible? Yeah, he looks bigger than me. So yeah, Flex would be competing normally, you know, he was 217 18 and 93, but I don't plastic, but then he went to the, uh, to 30s and then the third year of career, he would tip the scale over to 50, possibly. But you have to go back to the opposing. He's a Tata and my issue, he was supposed one hour a day as a mandatory. And what I was saying, if you really analyze the opposing, and I don't know if can you do it in a date and leave or a mountain, uh, mountain, I'm sure he does. Every pose have to be succeeding the other one. He has everything makes sense. I would take a picture of every single pose and then put it on and say, okay, here is 28 poses. Okay, this makes sense. This sequence, but here, you turn around for no reason, you went down for no reason, you went down and up in a, you know, two consecutive, uh, presses. So, they're advised that I would give, you know, for the people, uh, you have to impress the judges. When you step on the stage, you have to do your best poses. Whatever, you know, your 10 15 best poses, it has to be right there because judges will lose the patience. If you do like so so pose and it's not eventful, you drop the shoulders, you know, relax your abs, nothing is happening. So, you have to have a 10 15 best poses and transition has to be perfect. You have to be, wow, wow, well, you have to capture the audience, capture the judges. Not too many people do that. Right now even, you know, when somebody is sending a post in video, in a ceiling, about 10 poses that have no place being there. It's the way I held it. Oh, you know, he just thought of, it doesn't look good for you. It take it out, change it. It's like a movie, you know, it's like a movie and they say that a good director of movies says there's not one scene in a movie that's not relevant to progress the plot forward. If there is, the movie drags you lose the audience. Yeah. That was that. That was what I was good at. That was what I've mastered. That takes time. That takes somebody showing you first how to do your mandatories. That most of the guys I see on stage right now, they don't even know how to do their mandatories. I said it to show just recently. Man, Chris Cormeer was sitting out there and the guy got up there and he was hitting his shots and big his hell had a great physique, but he didn't know how to present it. That's like cooking a meal and then throw it on a floor. Don't give your forms to eat it. You can't do that. You have to know what you have. You have to know your greatest attributes. What are my best poses? And then you have to practice it over and over and over in front of a mirror. And the problem is that guys don't want to take that time to do that because it's boring. Yes, it takes time. It doesn't feel good. It's like walking naturally left, right, left, right left right, but see poses not like that. Posing is like walking front and side and front into the left and front into the right. It doesn't you have to make what's uncomfortable natural. Right. How do you do that? It takes practice. So for you for the question of a hundred, two hundred, seventy five pound guy or two hundred, fifty five pound guy hitting his shots. You first have to learn my muscle control. After you learn the my muscle control, you have to know how to move from one post to the next and do it perfectly or almost perfectly. Doesn't happen overnight? No, it doesn't. It took me years to do that. Once I got it though, once you have it, it becomes second nature. Again, what Milo showed me by my stomach. I don't know why he messed me up with that because I don't even compete. I still do it when I'm driving the car. I'm almost on the game. I think if you know what I still do it, but it works. And when I'm on stage, I always keep the attention of the judge. Every time I move something happens, even when I'm standing to the sidelines, I don't relax and get water and you know, it was funny because it happened in one of my last shows that I won the Phoenix Pro show. Everybody was on stage and I will say something about he, he, he, he, he day. I try to kill that guy to jump. That dude has no give whatsoever. He is a robot. That guy doesn't get tired. So we were all on stage and they kept having us battle. Having us battles one of those times in John, two minute, got a therapist, but he wanted to keep us on stage for 20 minutes. So Tony Freeman got pissed and started cousin because he goes, you guys want water? I say, hey, no, man, I die up here, man. This is this is where it said, man, I'm here. Let's go. He said, you need to only move for a group. You custed the judges. He was so mad. He custed the judges. You know, I'm talking about it. So that's what it takes. You got to be up there right or die. Guys don't have it, man. Tell you no more. You want the kill to give me up this stage. Meals should tell you, he ain't going to go in nowhere to get no water. Why, what you bring the town to me. I'm not going off this stage to the fire. Go up a loose, my money. And I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. Rit to play. You know, I want to make this one comment about the weight of the body balls. You know, when I first saw a guy compete, when he stood to the team, my son as a kid, because we used to compete in New York together. But when he was doing team universe, and he was in that, he was natural. And he was winning. I think he weighed probably 220 pounds, 218 pounds. His movement on stage was incredible. He was emotional. Okay. He really wasn't a good guy with the man of the toys. But he was like, he was like, I was like, I'm about to, a Broadway dancer on saying it was so entertaining to watch. I didn't want to do the routine to end. When he got bigger and he got over 250, he couldn't move like that anymore. His routines were still very entertaining. Because you, we see what he does. I mean, but he moved the same way. So I think when you do get larger and you weigh more, you do have to modify a little bit to the extent of what you do. Absolutely. You have to pick your best poses and you got to prevent, you know, present them on stage. That's, that's the key, you know, the connection to the audience and the judges because judges are friends too. Don't let them tell it. Yes, they're supposed to be, you know, unbiased and all that. But they got their favorites. Don't think for one second that they are looking for a person to do a certain thing. And that's just the way it is. So, you know, posing is very important. Even if it's not, you know, you don't get the points for it. Even if you don't, you know, get the extra money because we had posing awards in all that when I was coming through me and King, we were trying to get that extra money. That extra King ran. We're trying to 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15, 15. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you know what? You know, I gotta say one thing to, I remember watching Lee priest routine. Lee took Superman theme, which was probably over, overused by a million people over the years. And he made it exciting. When I would see him at the Olympia doing those poses to Superman with the victory poses, I mean, I got chills in me. I mean, no one pulled off Superman better than Lee priest. Nobody. Nobody did that. I don't know. That's the song. Look, Lee did that at the Arnold. And can you hear me? Yeah, we got it. Yeah, we got it. Yeah, I want your video. But Lee, Lee priest did that at the Arnold. And this was another 10 grand, right? And they said, we were talking to each other and Lee, with me and Lee talked briefly. And he, he, he goes, hey, man, what you gonna do? I'm like, I tell you, he's like, well, what are you gonna do, man? I'm not telling you what you're gonna do. You are not telling you. So I knew it was funny because Lee went out before I did, right? So, you know, it was a big thing they had the TV's back there, you know? And this is again, this has been lost in body, but we all talk, we all, we all are homies, you know, but on that stage, we battle. So I ran to the TV, you know, dexter's always to get stuff started, right? You know, these back there. So I ran to the TV. Man, when Lee came out, did that Superman? I looked at that, I was, I was so old shit. I've been do something because if Rob, don't they went crazy? Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, I heard people yell, I'm like, maybe, wait a minute, that's what, that's what, that's what, that's what, that's what, that's what you can't steal my funk. I watched that video. And I got chills, my damn stuff. So I knew, I had to get it. And I think what a year that did I do Darth Vader that year? And they got dead Darth Vader, because they say that was the year we were able to get it. They let us use proof, man, but they had everybody scared with that. I thought for sure that 10 grams is going to him. Yeah. It's funny, why don't you give that tank ran out anymore? I mean, that really would inspire people to suppose more. When did you think, I was just going to ask that because, you know, last year with the Arnold Classic, we were talking to Sergio before the Arnold, and he talked about the best closer word. He joked, lapsed that it's going to be the easiest 10,000 dollars I ever win. So, Lee, you feel like that's something that needs to be incentivized more. Oh, you know, I think it worked. And we could give 25. I think if I did the 25, why not? They showed him saying, oh, I thought you said it was 20. No, not the money. Melvin will come back, they can come back for that money. Shoot for 25 grand, you are. But that's what I should maybe, maybe you're giving me any people, give people incentives, actual practice of posing again and stuff like that. Because see the like Melvin said, it's not even the posing. Sometimes the posing's great, but even the Braddock would have a video not long ago where he was shown the poses, but he's also shown the transitions between the transitions, the transitions are just as important as the posing because the Braddock goes, he's a boy set, he's a lat's spread. That's how you move between the two. And even just moving between the two is an art in itself. Sometimes I get sick of big guy saying we can't pose cause we're big, we can't pose cause we're big. You can't even practice. Practice makes perfect. No matter how big you are. What's your memory memory memory memory memory memory memory memory memory? I still remember watching Phil, Phil, Phil, do fan of the opera at the early early when he went down into the splits. He had that crowd captivated. He's a guy, thick muskier, huge, lace-like plaques and stuff. And he moved like a balleriner on stage. With practice, you can make anything happen if you put the time and if it into it. First you have to have a trademark. You got to have a trademark. There's something that we all used to do. You know, when Melvin came out, you knew he was going to start slow and he's going to end up with the West Coast pop locking. You knew Melvin was going to do that. You knew Kamali is going to come out and I'm going to do a robot routine with the Terminator thing. You knew Lee is going to come out and do some mellows. You knew somehow he'll put gladiator in there. Someone else. He's all the way in the music. In the routine, you would have fucking gladiator in the fucking song. That's Melosarce. And you know, that's it. You got to have a piece of Victor with his one side, the vice-appose. He does. You got to have your own specific thing that you do. I'm sorry guys, you just don't have that anymore. It sucks. Yeah. Signature poses. Signature poses. I always love when I see something new. I don't know why people are not discovering and you're seeing what your poses character is. Just for them. But let me ask you now because you guys maybe know supposedly, showray competition somewhere in Texas that Kai Green had to take a train. You didn't have a money for hotel room. He stayed at a train station and then just went for a hope that he can get the best sponsor award. And he was hopefully he's going to be top 15 because if he didn't make it up 15, he wouldn't even close. And I guess he was the 15 and then he made a 10 ran. Do you know that story? Yeah. Yeah, I'm sorry. Yes. Okay. I'm sure they remember New York. Kai was six, but he looked unbelievable. If he would have won that show, there would be no problem. Branch Warren won. Then he's James second then he's small third and I train both then he's for that show. But on one backstage I said, Kai, you know, you sure won. I mean he looked that good. Two weeks later, three weeks later, in Colorado, I was talking about hotel and then you know, it's okay. You want to see what I look like. I said, of course, some of the love to see when I look like. So he came into the room and he'd deposit. Of course, the characteristic Kai poses, you know, like the twisted ass to like, wow shit. And he would be like, but he had a notebook with him. And it is not booked like Leonardo da Vinci, happy realistic, truck and graphic. Every scene of post you can see every fiber correct thing. Everything, 30 poses back to back to back to back. I mean, I asked him, can I please take a picture? I mean, Kai. The last one was no next level. You know, everyone's little no puns. You want pictures and everyone's no puns. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think something else and speaking of this, let me use this. I predicted back in March that he's going to come back to the Olympia. Now, it looks like it's pretty much obvious thing that that's what's going to happen.