If it's been three and a half hours since you last ate protein, now you're starting to freak out, you are old school. If watching someone sit on a hammer machine for five minutes between sets playing with their phone, pisses you off, you are definitely old school. OSBBC.com for the hardest training athletes. I'm Dave Palombo, founder of Species Nutrition. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body and that lives on in the species nutrition line of products. I put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition products. If you want to be your absolute best, join the evolution. Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X-Bot, there's 30-year-in-a-row. What we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry. It's a low-carve hot-tart. It's got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. Alright, still a vision on RSMuscle.com. This is Ask Dave Betternode as hashtag as Dave. Your 30-minute question and answer show with Dave Palombo. All your questions, diet, training, supplementation. I believe you pros, news, whatever's on your mind, it is all on the table. I'm going on right now on the RSMuscle channel. If you go to the channel right now, episode of Heavy Muscle Radio. After hours from last night, Dave doing his reaction video on the big news, Dave and that's what we'll start with the Arnold Classic. We also touched on Flex Loomis who made his announcement of a leave late last week about why he was not going to be competing at this upcoming Olympia, but speaking of the Olympia and the upcoming Arnold Classic, who was reported, I don't know if an official announcement has been made yet, but it's been reported that this 2021 Arnold Classic will in fact be a qualifier for the 2021 Mr. Olympia previously. It was a qualifier for the 2022 Mr. Olympia. Yeah, what I found that was a little weird was that I reached out to Bob Lormo, who usually always texted me back pretty quickly and he didn't confirm anything. I haven't seen anything announced on the Arnold page, who were going on secondhand information that other people have been reporting on other sites. It doesn't matter. I really don't even think it matters. I think it should be a qualifier for this here. It just makes sense. I don't know why. If there was a show a weekend before the Olympia, it was a qualifier for the Olympia. If it happened a weekend after the Olympia, then it was a qualifier for the next year. I don't know why they started doing this one month out type of cutoff. I thought maybe they did because they wanted to book flights more easily and have everything set up. How many extra people really qualified that last week or two? Not netty. I don't know why they do that. But if they look, if they do do or they do make the Arnold this year or qualifier for the Olympia, I think that's a great idea. Probably most of the people will be qualified. I think the only person in that list would be probably a really winkler. I know Sergio is competing before that. I'm sure it's not depending on the Arnold or qualifier, especially with that line up there. It would be a really winkler qualifier really is what it would amount to. We might see him before the Arnold anyway. Maybe now he's going to ask it. If you think he's going to be competing before the Olympia class? Maybe now he won't. I would still be nervous because what if he doesn't qualify to the Arnold? What if he has an offer show or something like that? There's no other opportunity. He couldn't compete last year. It would be really rolling the dice to the bank on that one show. The second biggest show that you're going to be mistaken is part of. Well, it is going to up the stage a little bit. It's going to up the entertainment aspect of the event. Of course, we're talking about September 25th. It is July 14th now. So before you know, we're going to be starting our coverage of the Arnold classic hour road to the 2021 Arnold classic. A lot of exciting things on that front. Then it's going to be the 2021 Olympia. So it's going to be a lot of breaking a gaction between August, September and October. Let's go to the questions. The first two questions from the Dave Lumbo experience. I have the first question. Dave, I'm on your pre-contest diet with little cards before training 30 grams. But I'm losing weight so fast and the competition still for months. What can I do? Increase carbs in another meal or take one day full on carbs with all meals with carbs. You know, when I see a guy losing too fast or a woman losing too fast. But I usually said to do a throw a couple of cheat meals in there. Rather than start messing with the diet right away. Because sometimes people lose really quick in the beginning because they're getting their bodies get rid of junk weight very fast. So what I'll do is like rather than just do a once a week cheat meal, I might say in the words if someone sends me an update today, I lost three pounds from yesterday. I'm going to be like tonight. I want you to have a double quarter pound or with fries, you know, an update in the morning. If they're weight stabilizes, then I know they're good for a couple of days. If it doesn't stabilize, then I might do it again. If it still doesn't stabilize that, then I know all you have to cut back their cardio or it needs to increase their food intake at every meal. Because they're just not eating enough. Most of the time the cheat meal will stall a little bit and fill them up and get their body right. At some point, usually that massive weight drop stops. What I find is usually the first two to three weeks, you'll see big jumps in weight loss because they're losing, because remember when you'd deplete glycogen out of your muscle, water goes too. That's a lot of weight. You can lose when I was 315 pounds, I think I went down to 285 and like two weeks. So that's, I mean that's thinking about a 30 pounds I lost. Because the bigger you are, the more water you hold, that's just the way it goes. And I did, and to 315, I didn't look like I was holding a lot of fat. I was a little bloated though in the face and my tissues were a little full. Once the glycogen came out of the muscles with the water, then obviously I dropped some weight. So I wouldn't panic right away, but I would definitely, you know, if you need to throw those cheat meals in there to kind of, you know, balance off your metabolism a little bit, there's nothing wrong with that. Second question again from the D.F. Lumbo Experience app. How large of a role do you think hormones play in fat storage? I think they have a huge role. I mean, the perfect example and Dr. Scott Conley loves to give this example. You know, you know, you have a person on a diet that's like icicle or, you know, isomate and insuffusion on a call. And there was whatever they're eating is being used to repair muscle and fuel their body, but they're not gaining or losing weight. And you throw give them prednisome because maybe they had some kind of neuromune issue, chronic inflammatory type disease like Crohn disease, and all of a sudden they start getting fat. And they might even lose some muscle. And think about it, they're doing nothing different. They're training the same, they're eating the same. They're just adding this hormone because certain hormones are what we call positive partition, nutrient partitioning agents, and some hormones are negative partitioning agents. And the negative partitioning agents make you gain fat. The positive partitioning agents will make you build muscle and use stored body fat as a fuel source. And a ball of steroids will do that. At a ball of steroids like prednisone are negative partitioning agents. They actually just make your body store fat because they raise blood sugar. So yes, hormones dictate a lot of about what's going on. Obviously, if you thyroid hormone is often, that's a huge problem that a lot of people have because they're running their little hypo thyroid. They're metabolic processes are not moving into the right rate. It's almost like having a factory that doesn't have enough power for the factory. And because the factory can generate a tremendous amount of output, but if you don't have enough energy to run the factory, then it doesn't work. And the thyroid hormone is kind of like the thermostat there that will keep the factory running its ideal temperatures. So yes, hormones absolutely without a doubt will influence how you look. Let's go to our Instagram questions again. If you're not already following us, our handle is official underscore RX muscle. If you're watching us for the first time on YouTube, hit the subscribe button below, hit the notification bell. You're not going to miss any of our show segments or updates. We talked about the Arnold Classic coming up in September. We're going to be starting up our preview segments for the Arnold Classic. And then subsequently two weeks later for the Olympia. We talked about what's on this channel right now. We have on only episodes of the after-hour podcast heavy muscle radio. And then a topic that we talked about on the after-hour podcast about the INFBB bikini pro originally from Turkey who is traveling from Dallas to Miami. For a photo shoot, as you got ejected from the flight flight attendant saying that her clothe or two, I guess inappropriate, we just had her on the channel. She gave her side of the story so that's right now live right now on the channel. So again, if you haven't already subscribed, hit the subscribe button. Love you. Like what you're watching, hit the like button comment below. That helps. And as always, year round, we appreciate your support. Let's go to Joseph Lashar or Lashay. Once some open-class bodybuilders who retire use, sometimes your quote, I got too big and ruined my waistline. Couldn't those guys just have died and cut some of the drugs out of their waistline or to get their waistline back? What am I missing? So if you want to talk about, I guess, you know, blowing out those lines and I guess what they could have done to avoid that. You know, I thought a lot about this, too. I used to, I ate a lot of food back in the day, but you know what? I'm almost of the belief that I don't necessarily know if the drugs and the food ruin their waistline as much as Father Time did and genetics, because, you know, in order to get that big, okay, let's, I might use myself as an example, because I wasn't a pro. Let's use Ronnie Coleman as an example. Ronnie was eating an enormous amount of food and training with enormously heavy weights and his waistline was great, his body looked great, okay? And people don't realize that he won his first Olympi, he was in his early 30s, you know, he wasn't young. So by the time he got to the end of his reign, he was already in the 40s, you know, and when you get to that late 30s, 40s, things start to, you know, you lose the elasticity of the, of the fashion around your abdominal area, whether you eat a lot of food or whether you train really heavy or not, okay? Looking flex wheeler, he saw his really tiny waist, he always ate a lot of food and trained heavy, he was big, you know, he was, his frame, he was huge, he was like 260 on stage. So, to the end of his career, he, any term pro at 218. So, and his waistline didn't look work bad for him to me. So, I think what happens is your genetic structure is your genetic structure and as you get older, it deteriorates and breaks down a little bit and you lose the elasticity of your skin and the fashion sheets that surround the muscles stretch out and I don't necessarily think it's a drug issue because I see when guys go off drugs, it kind of reverses. Like, you know, I had a lot of problems with distension, I'm like, I had a very short torso in my midsection and my waist is small now and it's my stomach flat, you know, so I reversed it somehow and I don't have loose skin on my abdominal area. So, I don't, I don't buy into it. I think it's just genetics at at a certain level, you know, your body can only handle, you know, I wouldn't say, you know, my body, I don't have the tightness of the skin that I had when I was younger and I don't have the kind of like that fresh looking muscle that you see on like a Nick Walker, but age is what ravages us really and some guys, age better than others, Dexter did a pretty good job aging, you know, although his midsection also wasn't what it was. Phil heat wasn't and I don't think Phil doesn't look at the kind of guy that was abusing a lot of performance enhancing drugs. He wasn't a he, I'm super heavy trainer. He didn't, he wasn't an over eater. So, you know, why would happen to his waist? He just got older, you know, and that's what happens, I think. And so, you know, I think people just, you know, they get carried away with the fact they want to blame something. Oh, yeah, he was a good champion, but he ruined himself. No, I think, you know, the guy won fucking seven Olympias, Ronnie won eight Olympias, you know, they obviously had a lot of time during that rain that they looked amazing. That's why people don't last forever, you know, body building is a very short live sport. You can only have that peak look to your body with a good quality muscle before you start tearing things and things start, you lose elasticity in your skin and things just go wrong. I mean, that's just what happens, especially when you walk around in 300 pounds, you know, all the time. It's a big strain on your body. So, I think the question, the answer to the question is that, you know, I don't think that it's the drugs necessarily in the overeating and the food that did it as much as it is the person's genetics and old age. Let's go to G, more of Gano, your opinion on taking a test E while on ketosis, your recommendation. Yeah, you know, I always say that, you know, drugs, excuse me, the diet, supplementation, and training is very standard. Okay, whether you're a natural body, builder or you're an enhanced athlete, it's very important. I think sometimes the natural athlete have their diets down and their supplementation better because they don't really can't depend on drugs. So, they're really like almost like OCD at researching what they need to eat and how they have to train properly. That's why a lot of those guys when they do switch on to using PEDs, they make amazing, amazing games because they have well trained muscle, they had a supplement, they had a train and that's something that a lot of people just take for granted that that's really important. So, when you add tests, whatever, an athlete in or any kind of drugs into a regimen, whether you're on a ketogenic diet or you're in a non-ketogenic diet, all drugs do as make things work better. So, to answer your question, adding, you know, test an athlete or whatever he wants to add into his ketogenic diet, it's just going to make it work better. That's all. Magnificent, marvelous Maria, if you were happy to go against Lonnie Coleman in the challenge round for anyone, O's, which pose it to be. Side try, sir. Gustavo Badell showed that right off the bat and that was Ronnie's worst pose. That was Gustavo's best pose. I don't think it was my best pose, but it was a good pose. But I wouldn't want to go against Ronnie in any pose, that's how good running ones. But yeah, that was Ronnie's worst pose, everyone knew it. You know, the funny thing was another really bad pose for Ronnie was the front last bread and it wasn't because it was a bad pose because he had a huge lat and huge legs. He just didn't have to hit the pose. He hit it like a most musco, like he was like flexing into it. But his side try said, I don't know why he had problems and I think he just Ronnie wasn't the greatest poseer and I don't know if it had anything to do with the fact that he was so big or the fact that maybe he just, you know, he just didn't have the mind muscle connection because I'm sure he practiced because Ronnie was a consummate professional. He just wasn't that good at hitting the mandatory. And I think it's hard to tell someone who's an eight-time Mr. Olympia, you don't know how to hit the mandatory poses. I don't think anyone ever really worked with him to the degree that a deconstructing what he was doing and then building him up again because I think a lot of his poses could have been better. But he was pretty, but he knew at it. What the poses he was good at, he was so dominant and didn't even matter, you know. Taktu by Tony and I'm sure you're going to be talking about this over the course of the next six months or so. If really comes in at his all-time best condition, do you think he could beat Ronnie if he comes in with the same shape as last year? I think if Kevin LeRoni could get back to his best that he ever could beat big revenue. I mean it's a hypothetical situation you're asking. I don't know. I mean I've been seeing pictures on Instagram of really recently. He looks like when the Olympia right now. I don't know. I don't know if he's a recent. He's crazy looking. I think the exciting thing about bodybuilding is that in any given day, anyone can beat anyone because you never know who's going to show up in shape. Rulia has had a couple of bat, a run of a couple of bat shows and I think because of that people are kind of this countenium, but that's dangerous because Rulia's got a lot of firepower in his arsenal. He's got more muscle than all these guys. Higher better density muscle, you know, grainy, you know, mature muscle that he's developed over 20 years. Randy doesn't have that. So can he beat Randy? He absolutely can beat Randy but Randy has pretty good structure for a big massive guy and you know Randy's more impressive standing in a lineup and Rulia seems to have trouble peaking from behind. So a problem Randy had too. So if Rulia can pull it all together he absolutely can win the Olympia. But you know what? To beat Mr. Olympia you've got to knock them off and Randy's a pretty big looking guy. You know, you see Phil Heath up there he's not that big but Randy's huge. You're going to knock Randy off. Randy's going to have to be off a little bit because they're not going to take the Olympia away from Randy if he comes in better than he was last year. Also going to Alex Williamson lamb versus beef as a red meat source for body builders. You know, it's interesting because I don't really have too much access to lamb but I I actually like it, you know, if it's prepared properly. I was a big beef eater in the sense that I used to do for a while I went through a period where I was eating a lot of flares, flaming on, stakes out of guy with my butcher with chopping up into like half pound pieces for me and I would have like one a day or something like that back in the day just for the red meat component. Of course I ate a lot of McDonald's too which was red or just red meat. But I actually had it I don't know if I guess lamb would be I guess you'd get I guess the most the place where I usually would get lamb would be one of those Brazilian meat places where they cut the stuff in front of you there and they come around to the tables and they slice it. That's the the only place I really liked lamb the way they cooked it because it was kind of like that free but lamb could be a little gainy too and it could be a little fatty. So I don't I know a lot of people like that taste I don't really like that gristly taste in my mouth. So for me I would stick to beef if if I was competing today and they didn't have this when I was younger I would go with grass fed beef. I you know I would just buy from them like massive amounts and load my freezer up with it because grass fed beef is actually good for you. It's got it's got more omega-3 fats than a salmon does believe it or not and I would go with grass fed buffalo but we're bisoned they call today and I would go with grass fed beef and I would probably have them chop it up into like you know hamburger me that's that's the easiest to make. I mean you could make that you could make pounds and pounds of that put it in some top of where our containers or break it up into like half pound things and just leave it in top where and you're refrigerated. When the day comes you know in the morning you get those top where out you warm them up or I like whole food I would just mash those things up. I throw fresh you know cooked minute rice in there some soy sauce on there maybe a handful of like nuts in there or you know some macadamia nut oil and that I'd have like five meals made in 10 minutes and that's how I used to do with stuff like that's how I would prepare my food but I would definitely go with the grass fed nowadays even if I had to spend a little bit more money. It's good to cook Robinson odd if you want to answer this as far as when you were competing post competition career across the time you're like the most water you drink in a day or a week so I don't know if you want to break it up as far as yeah yeah I was never a water loader like I know these people like that would do three gallons you know water day and it's for like two days and they go down to two gallons and one gallon I never what I never measured what first of all I believe that you drink too much water number one you can water down your electrolytes and you can cause cramping for you mature because when you drink down a quarter and your kidneys have to flush it out which is by the way a big strain of your kidneys so if you have if you have high creatinine you don't want to be drinking excessive amounts of water but if you drink that much water your body has to release some sodium with the water to get it out of the body and so you can water down your electrolytes to the point where you're cramping so I never really I knew that was not the right thing to do so I never really overdrive I hate to admit it because it's it's but it's the truth when I would diet I would drink mass of amounts of fluid because I was so hungry but a lot of it was in the form of coffee diet you know so it is and stuff like that because I just I I I didn't want to cheat and so I would drink a lot of that I mean I was literally in the bathroom every ten minutes ping personally also from what I've read recently that I didn't really know this back in the day you know if you drink too much out of meal theoretically you can water down your your digestive enzymes in your stomach too which might make it harder especially if you're eating a very high protein meal so when I when I now when I am if I eat a meal I'll sip whatever I'm drinking whether it be coffee or water or you know I mean I'll evolve you know I'll I'll sip that while I'm eating just to keep my mouth wet but I don't really drink a lot of fluid I'll drink it before the meal I drink it after the meal and between meals but I don't drink massive amounts of fluid during the meals when you train that's probably when you want to drink most of your water especially if you're dieting but I wouldn't like I said there's no reason to over drink let's go to ballal hummide is there any difference between an injectable clan as opposed to the pill form will be the advantage I think they're absorbed pretty much the same I don't think I don't do any problems with absorbing oral clumbia role so it's not like like some drugs are hard to absorb orally I think clumbia role is pretty easy so I don't think there's any need to do injectable clumbia role I personally never used injectable clumbia role I've seen it and you would think it would be you know pretty very precise because you're putting exactly what you want into into your body but like I said it's not that much of available out there you know the the water you know the the clumbia role that comes in bottles that people make on these and selling these peptide sites that's not injectable that's to be squirted in your mouth it's just it's just clumbia role suspended in water so you actually measure it and then you just kind of squirt in your mouth and you swallow it very few people that I've known have have injectable clumbia role I know it's in Canada they have a life they use it on the horses or some kind of animals up there because it seems to be more readily available in Canada and they also have that there's like a liquid suspension to have clumbia role which a real one that's made but you by you know a real veterinary in place that they get to the animals up there the feed which we don't have here in the United States so like I said I mean it all works the same if you as only you know how to measure 20 micrograms that's the dose you should be taking now how many times they're taking it just depends on you know what you're up to and who's coaching you and how you administer but Columbia all shows be taken in 20 micrograms so just let's go to low-tay um sumo deadlift versus regular deadlift I have a long torso and regular deadlift don't feel right but sumo feels better how different are the two from one another you know the sumo deadlift you know where you kind of stand and you know you like you're pointing your toes that you can't really see my feet and you really wide and you're pulling I like wide stance but I think sumo is almost too much and so like I like to keep toes pointing forward and I like to go a little wider than shoulder width so it's still wide and then I can grab the bar inside rather than going outside and I think you're stronger like this and I and when I come down I pull this way and I'm driving for my hips my glutes my adductors which is what you want to hit with um with deadlift I think when you're too close you're almost like you're leaning over so much that you're using your lower back too much and I think it could it could it could actually cause injuries it really puts that lower back those spinal rectus and very compromised position and I don't think it's giving the deadlift you're not really building quads and deadlifts okay you're building you glutes and outer sweep the legs a little bit of a doctor and you're also obviously working those traps and those lumbars which run down the middle you're back you're thickening all that up so it's a compound movement you're not just working your back when you're doing deadlifts and you're not just working your leg you work you work your whole body that's why it's such a good mass builder because like squats which you have to kind of balance the bar and the weight you're building mass on your entire body it's one of those that's why when you're trying to grow and develop density and thickness from side to side those movements are our imperative you cannot replace those with machines people show me these squat machines there's no way you get in the same thing out of that they have like a deadlift machine too you can kind of it looks like almost like a shrug machine but it's you pick the you grab the weight on the ground and it's good if you have injuries when you come and back to them but I wouldn't be doing that on a regular basis we'll take this question and then we have a couple of fairly deep philosophical ones uh just a silly in 83 why if you want to kind of go through the mechanics of science but why is the body so prime after a show to grow? Well because you're essentially starving and even though you're eating six times a day you're essentially starving it because you're under eating with the body needs so the body is in this conservation mode of trying to hoard everything because you're you're starving and pushing it and and getting rid of every little bit so when the body wants to store and I'm not just told I'm not telling that story fat I'm told I'm telling that story like it's in storing muscle you know protein in the muscle as muscle it's actually in a complete hoarding mode now after the show is over you put back a tremendous amount of nutrients okay and that's this is the key you want to put that good quality nutrients that your body can use to build and repair muscle if you just eat sugar after a show you're just going to get bloated okay but if you give your body a lot of big meals with high protein good essential fatty acids in there high quality carbs to low glycogen you're going to grow because all that's going to go into the muscle and the muscles is going to say we better store this all and build extra muscle because we don't know when we're going to be fat again you know because the bodies in this like starvation mode everything the energy and receptors is super recessed everything's ready to go and and you'll see you'll put on muscle right after showing and the heart of you dieted and the leaner you got the more you'll the better your rebound will be and you don't have to even be this is one this is another question I get should I stay on like a cycle for another eight weeks after a show and my answer always is I've tried it both ways no because I'll tell you why first of all if you do it if you do it a big show and you're on a good amount of gear that gear isn't leaving your system so quickly you're going to have that in your body for three to four weeks probably close to the four weeks post the show so you got plenty of drugs in the system when you stop taking all those antibiotics and you go to like a PCT while your body still is depleting all those antibiotics anybody your appetite is going to go through the roof and you're going to feel good and your body's systems are going to work efficiently because now you're not pumping a lot of drugs into you which is creating toxicity remember when your body is working to detoxify and break down antibiotics steroids and everything else you're taking that takes away a priority to building muscle because your body doesn't warm the building muscles the last priority if you body however if everything else is being taken care of and there's no toxicity in the body no toxic load your appetite's going to be great and you're going to grow great and that's what I noticed I'd go off the drugs I feel so good my body is so clean but meanwhile I still have all this drug in my system I'm just not adding you know more on top of it and I get a good four week rebound of growth and in that four weeks you could put almost 10 pounds of muscle on maybe so I've seen guys put more on and then by the time you hit week four you're still on PCT now you're going to clean out you know now you're going to let your body do nothing for four weeks okay so those receptors now see no testosterone and there's no drug left in the system and those receptors are going to like boost themselves through the roof those angers and receptors because they like this drug is no testosterone there's nothing maybe we don't have enough receptors more make more receptors make more receptors make more receptors make more receptors make more receptors and of course after a while you body after a couple weeks your body catches on by by that time though now your eight weeks off after a show you've been on no drugs you've gained you know 15 20 pounds of weight of scale weight maybe you've gained you know seven eight pounds of muscle and now you're going back on okay and now boom you get another rebound as you go back on and all those drugs hit those receptors that are all renewed and now you're going to grow so you're creating a rebound in a very precise manner and I like I said I've experimented with all the different ways of doing it staying on cycle not and I'm telling you you go off do your PCT a week after the last shot the that first four weeks you're off you get that beautiful animal boost and and waking and muscle gain you clean out for four weeks during that time it's not that bad it's only four weeks your receptors completely regenerate themselves your body cleans all the toxins out of your body and then you go back on you get a second rebound when you go back on and those drugs start working with all those receptors now that you have that you didn't have before and boom you grow again you could put 20 pounds on you know in the first two months or first three months after a show's over and just by the first rebound and in the second boost when you go back on cycle so that that's what I recommend you do. You don't have to listen to me I'm just telling you I've done it every way possible that this is the best way and it's the best way for health too because you're cleaning yourself out too. So these two I'm going to sort of pack it into one because um you know this is going to be something that you need you're going to want to just as far as it's essentially going to be the same message that you're going to deliver. So the first one is from a booby bobby track lord who I didn't know obviously we're just reading this now but uh his mother recently passed away two months ago you very close with her um says that everything is felt really lackluster since that point any life advice on how not to feel like total crop and I mean before going to the next one just you know our warmest warmest wishes to you and your family obviously you've been a big contributor to our ex muscle and this show in particular uh but that aside and you know breaks our heart to see that how close he was with his mother and uh for that to happen so we send our deepest prayers during your family the second most from uh Ivan banyanats uh during your competitive career you have any days where you just felt like you lost a passion for this sport when you felt like you were wasting your time and if so how did you deal with that? You know I've said this before and um you know I don't know people listen maybe some people do maybe some people don't but first of all I want to send my condolences because I there's nothing I'm gonna say that it's gonna make you feel better about losing your mother obviously but I will tell you this the time does heal all wounds and eventually that the pain will go all subside sometimes it's good I don't know if it's good I deal I dealt with a lot of emotional pain in my life whenever I had a emotional by diety I know it sounds ridiculous but when you're on a contest I don't care about anything I want you care about his food and it almost numbs you and I don't know if that's good not to experience the emotions that you're feeling but that's how I got through it unfortunately and uh I don't you know sometimes if the grief is so severe I recommend that people go talk to a Councillor because that's Sometimes they can walk you through that and you can kind of release your grief while you're with them rather than take it out on the people that your friends with and love ones in a negative fashion. That's another one. But what I recommend people to always do is have not just one thing that you love to do, but more than one thing. Two or three things. I always have three things going at the same time. I have bodybuilding. I have my love of breeding animals and reptiles and snakes and all that stuff I'm doing now. And of course I have my kids, that's my third thing. No matter how what's going on, if I'm having a bad day with bodybuilding or something going wrong, I'll go downstairs and I'll start cleaning snake tubs. Sometimes I have a bad, you know, the snake seasons I go and go and I'm not getting the reproduction I want. Maybe there's a, I have a couple of six snakes and it's, you know, I'm just like, I don't even want to go down there. I'm kind of sick of the whole big, I'll go and I'll play with my kids, you know, and they'll pull me out of it because they're always in a good mood. You know, I'll come in here and I'll pull some markers out. I'll start drawing or do some art or something like that and do it all like, you gotta find something that kind of gives you pleasure. And sometimes it's, you have to walk away from the thing that you love most. Now all of us here, the thing we have in common is that we love bodybuilding, right? I mean, we love training, we love competing, getting bigger and getting lean. And sometimes it's just, it's just, you look in the mirror and you're like, I look like fucking shit. You know, what am I doing in the sport, wasted all my money, I'm, I'm, I'm drugs and supplements and food and wasting all my time. You know, I look terrible. You know, I guarantee you wake up tomorrow morning and you're going to look at you completely different. Don't, if you haven't one of those days, don't look in the mirror, put a sweatshirt on and go do something else. That's the best thing I can recommend. If you're having a tough time because you've lost a family member or a girlfriend, a boyfriend broke up with you, then do something different. It gives you pleasure. Okay. Take yourself out of that thought process. Because if you dwell on the negative, you get more of the negative. And we get what we think about whether we wanted or not. Unfortunately, that's the, the law of attraction, that's how our universe works. So think about what you do want, okay? Think about that. Even if you don't have it, even if you think about what you want, fantasize, close your eyes, you know, land the couch, imagine yourself winning the lottery and what would you do with the money? It doesn't even matter if it ever manifests or happens or not. It doesn't matter. Think about it. Think about the feelings of what you feel when you're doing it. Think about what it would be like to be on the Mr. Olympia stage, posing down against, you know, all the top body bills, big ranny and winning bone-ac and, and, and really, make book. Even if, even if, if they're making a beautiful, any reality, think about that because that will make you attract anything and everything that will help you be the best body bill that you can be. Even if you never get to that level. Okay? My goal in life was always, in life. My goal in body bill is when I got involved was to be able to make a living for myself doing this where I wouldn't have to go work a job at a law office or, you know, as a medical, whatever, doctor or whatever, you know, I was a medical school for a while. I didn't want to have to work or I wanted to be my own, my own boss. So to speak, I, or I, or I, I didn't, my working for someone else was going to pay me to work out or do something related to that. And that's all I thought about. I was consumed with it. And I thought that it had, I thought that in order to achieve that, I had to become a provotty builder. And I realized at some point that it didn't even matter if I got a pro-card, did not. Because I was already making a living. I was doing exactly what, what, what I wanted, you know, I never had these fantasies of being, you know, walking on stage as Mr. Olympia. I just thought that it was necessary to get to that level to make a good living, doing what I like to do every day. But that's not the case. So think about what you want, even when you're in a bad situation emotionally or mentally, psychologically. And I promise you, you will pull out of it. I promise you, when you wake up the next morning. Sometimes I just go to bed early and say, you know, I can't think about this anymore. I turn my phone off. I put it aside. I said, not looking at another social media page, going to sleep. And I wake up in the morning completely refreshed and I feel much better. So give it a shot. On that note, that is going to do for this episode of As Dave Reminder right now on the channel. On the episode of Heavy Muscle Radio of the after-hours podcast, Dave having a Denny Sampin' R, the I-I-I-V-V-Kimi Pro who's kicked off for a flight earlier this week. We have the interview earlier today. So check all that out. If you haven't already subscribed, subscribe below, hit the notification bell. For Tyler Schoen, Dave, plumbled, mom, sit down for a week. See you next time.