All right, television on rxmuscle.com. This is s-dave, better known as hashtag as Dave brought to you my species nutrition visit speciesnutrition.com. I'm your host of the Farooque. This is your 30th question and answer show with Dave Palombo. All your questions on diet, training, supplementation, IFBB pros, competition, whatever on your mind, it is all on the table, speaking of competitions. That's where we'll throw it today. Hey Palombo, Dave, this past weekend out in Las Vegas, the NPC, USA Championships, an exciting show, a show that you and Chris Hasito talked about on heavy muscle radio tomorrow, you have an entire lineup of interviews, a lineup of course, including Shane Stewart, the overall winner. Yeah, you know, Chris and I didn't get to go this year, which is the first year that one of us was in there, at least. You used to always both go. You know, you got kids now and the show takes 40 days to get through because it's a thousand competitors. No, I missed going to these shows, but obviously, you know, my IX-Hinteries a little different nowadays, especially with the new babies and everything like that. But the great thing is that all the guys that won really want to be interviewed and they kind of contacted me through their coaches and something like that and I contacted a couple of them. So we're going to have all the top winners on. We have the super heavy weight first and second. We have the overall winner, Shane Stewart obviously, the light heavy. We have the heavy weight winner. And a lot of these guys are going to be doing pro shows like in Tampa next week. So it's going to be great to get them not only off their wins and their pro card victories, but then also what they got to look forward to this coming weekend in Tampa. So I'm excited. I always love the USA. I love the nationals, you know, like I said, I might have some disputes with sometimes how things are run, but the bottom line is that the camaraderie in that show and what comes out of that show, the new talent that we then get into the IFB and which will change the scope and the landscape of the IFB is unparalleled. So I'm super excited and I think you guys are going to enjoy these interviews because a lot of these guys are new guys and we don't really know much about them. So it's good when you get new blood in the air so to speak and see where these guys came from how they got to where they are and what they think about where they're going. Shane Stewart of course, the overall winner, Dave, a lofty comparison to you, believe you said he reminds you of a younger branch war in them, right? Absolutely. Absolutely. He liked that comparison. So the funny thing is that, you know, when branch term pro and O2 I believe it was one of the heavyweight class at the nationals, he was impressive. He was impressive. He had big legs and he had like a good structure and he was ripped to the bone. But never my wildest dreams that I think he would be turned into morph into the mass monster that he became, you know, in the IFB. So I see like a similar look when branch was younger and just term pro to Shane. I don't know, Shane will turn into a branch war and but you know, if he does it will be an interesting parallel for sure. Let's get to the questions. The first two questions from the Dave Palombo experience app. The first question at the pros and cons to using pro penate over a sippunate or an Athenate, any difference in results at all. When I first started and I was reading, you know, I used to read the animal reference guy by Bill Phillips and they would say, you know, testosterone pro penate, short acting testosterone produces aromatizes last season. It's in the body for short period of time. The long acting esters stay there a long period of time but they tend to aromatize more theoretically. It's supposedly causing more fluid retention and stuff like that. But what I experienced, you know, from using this stuff for 13 years that I was on it, was that there was no difference. testosterone testosterone, the side effects are the same. If you take and propinate every other day, you're getting the same effects as if you take and you know, one shot or two shots of sest and an Athenate are sippunate a week. So the effects are cumulative. And also what I realized was that water retention is meaningless because when you're on a low carb diet, you don't hold any water. When you're on a high carb diet, you hold water no matter what drugs you take. And if you want to get rid of water before a show, you don't have to go off the drugs. You take, you know, you restrict fluid the last 24 hours. You take sodium out and you take a dioranic and that's a year rid of water. So once again, it becomes irrelevant what we talk about water. So many people are preoccupied with fluid retention. They think it's the same thing as body fat. It's not. The difference is body fat, you have to burn off fluid. You can get rid of in hours. It can be gotten rid of with the right dioranic. So it really doesn't matter which testosterone to use. And what I found was that I struggled with using an propinate for many years, sore, achy, very allergic to that propinate ac Sor oh He has a lot of people. And I found that when it took sipinate an an anfa, you never had any pain anywhere. So I said you know, what's screw this at some point. I saw not using propinate anymore. Probably the last five years of my career I'm going to have used propinate. And I looked probably better. Those five years that I ever did. So I just don't think that there's any reason to have to use one ac sor over another. And that's just the way it is, I'm just telling you the truth. question, Dave, that pick one for the best gains and explain it to us why test at 500 week with a 50mg n of r per day, b 50mg windstall eod, c 100mg master on eod or d 100mg primoeod. Well, master on is a stronger drug of all the ones that they listed. So, test and master on you to get the best results from this and and master on is really hard on your learning age because it's kind of an aromatase inhibitor, it kind of inhibits you know, prolactin to certain degree. So, I would have to go with test oscum and master on. Let's go to the Instagram questions. Again, you can follow us on official underscore our ex muscle. Let's go to holes, what 127. We get a lot of hair questions. My hair always gets dry went on cycle. We always talk about hair loss, but he's talking about dryness in his hair. Can you explain that? You know, that's that's an interesting, you know, observation and I don't know if dryness has anything to do with you know with hair falling out or not. Sometimes, you know, I believe that when you take out a box steroids that they kind of direct all the protein that you're eating into muscle. If that makes sense, this sounds like a like a ronic hormone explanation, but it doesn't sound very scientific, but I always felt that you know, steroids direct protein into the muscles from protein synthesis, build muscle, and sometimes maybe you're shorting your hair, and maybe you're shorting your nails. So, in other words, the nails and hair beds and not getting as much protein as they should be getting because the muscles are sucking up all the needed resources so to speak to build and repair muscle tissue, directed by the animal ox steroids. So, the steroids basically are protein, you know, are partitioning agents that direct, you know, all the nutrients in the body to go to muscle building and repair. So, I don't know if that's a truth or not, it's always anecdotally what I thought in my mind, but it is possible, same thing with essential fatty acids, rather than going to the hair, and you know, it's going and skin, it's going to the muscles, because remember all the muscle cells in the native of essential fatty acids as well, the cell membranes that is. So, is that the right answer? I don't know, but it sounds like a plausible explanation. Ripped grizzly, you've explained the clen protocol incredibly many times, but I can't remember every hearing about how we should taper off. Yeah, you know, I usually, the metahom, what you're taking, let's say you're taking the max, which I always recommend being a 120 microamps per day. Immediately after the show, I usually have guys drop down to 20 microamps twice today for a week, and then I have them drop down to 20 microamps per day, once a day, for a week, and then I have them go off. So, it's a two week taper off period, and that seems to work pretty well. Let's go to swallverham, O'Neal Day. We've heard you talk a lot about dioretics in the past, but not much about herbal dioretics. I personally use dandelion, and it works wonders for me as far as dropping overall water is concerned. Could you talk about how herbal dioretics were compared to prescription dioretics? I have used to produce a product called aquilize. It was, to me, you've a earthy is the herb that's the most potent in terms of fluid loss, you know, water loss. I combine it with a little dandelion in some B6, and these are just, you know, it's natural dioretics. Aquilize worked terrifically. We had to add it to tremendous fun. The problem is that you have to pretty have minimums to produce. I would produce it, but I wouldn't sell enough in them to make it, I would always, at the last minute, when the expiration dates were coming up, I would still have a thousand bottles of 500 bottles left, and it was a pay-in-the-neck. So, I kind of discontent it. I might restart it again if I can get small minimums. All right, but, you know, a lot of these companies, you can't get the price and you want to let you do the minimums. I love the herbals. I think they work great. The problem is, they work differently in everyone's body. So, as a prep coach, I want something that delivers precise absolutely known fluid loss. So, I know that if I give a half a diaside to someone, I know how much fluid they're going to lose from that, okay? If they have a lot of fluid to lose, I know if I give them a whole diaside how much they're going to lose. If I give them, you know, two aqualize with every meal, you know, five or six times a day depending on how many meals are eating, I know generally how much fluid they're going to lose, but it's kind of like I'm experimenting, you know, and it depends on people's bodies, how they absorb it, you know, how much fluid they're drinking with it, so herbals are a little less predictable. But I use them a lot with different competitors. They're competitors to compete naturally, or competitors that don't want to use or, you know, a diaside or it can't get it. And so, I use herbals all the time. I just find that the prescription ones are, you use less of them, and they're more predictable. Cody Plum, a competing in the Washington State, opened this weekend as a super heavyweight, 237.5 pounds, last three weeks. I've been carb cycling three load 220g, one high 500g, one hour 15 minutes cardio per day. I use diaside if my diaretic. This has gotten me a very good condition body fat very low. My question is, what is the best way to introduce carbs and water after competing in a house soon? Do you go back and training and cardio? Is my only show of the years that I don't need to worry about preparing for another show? You know, after a show, I usually just kind of eat what I want, you know, for the first, like, couple days. What I found in the past is that the worst thing you can do is just stop taking diaretics. Because the first 24 hours after you compete, you're going to still be flushing. You know, those diasides keep working, you know, so to speak. Even herbal ski working. So, if you compete on Saturday, you can eat whatever you want, Saturday night and Sunday, you're still going to be flushing. By a Monday, you're starting to gain a little weight Tuesday, you're starting to, by the end of, you think you think you're out of the, you're, you know, out of the danger zone at the end of the week, the following week. But that's when you just really started to retain a lot of water. Because what happens is when you don't drink and you take diaretics, you're out of the hospital levels, go through the roof, which is your body's poor amount of the tells your body absorbs sodium water. Think about it. You're flushing water out, you're flushing sodium out. Your body doesn't know what's going on. It wants to retain this stuff. So what does it do? It releases more aldosterone. Now the show is over. You start drinking and eating again, and this aldosterone is through the roof. So your body's retaining all the sodium and water. Every bit that you drink and eat. And there's no way around it. So what you can eat to do is you need to stay on a little diaryside. So let's say Monday comes around and you take a half a diaryside maybe on Monday on another half on Tuesday. What you're doing is you're just pushing the extra water out of your body. You don't want to restrict fluid and you don't want to restrict sodium. That's a mistake. If you do that, you're going to create the same rebound effect. If you continue to each sodium and drink plenty and you're just flushing out the extra water with the diaryside, okay, you're going to eventually equilibrate. I'm telling you. But if you restrict, if you go back to that diet and don't eat sodium and restrict your water, you're going to rebound again when you stop it. So just go eat what you want. Obviously, don't become a glutton. Don't eat like a thousand grams of carbs a day right after that every single day, or you're going to retain a ton of fluid also. But if you go back to eating, and having a maybe one sheet meal a day is supposed to eat in the whole entire day, junk food, you know, and you stand a little bit of dyeside. You're eventually going to eat it. That after a week, it should be good. Usually about three or four days, undoing a half a dyeside a day is usually enough to get you back to that baseline level. See, it fits the fit recently switched to keto, main sources of fat, our grass fed beef avocado, species macademia, nut oil, and almonds and cashews. At this point is omitaly is a totally necessary. Yes, I'll tell you why because macadamina oil does have a little bit of omega-36 fat. It's a matter of fact, they're perfectly balanced one to one. But it's not a lot. They're macadamina oil all of a while, even nuts. They're basically, they're just stick with macadamina oil and avocado oil, and all of those are predominantly source of monon saturated fat. They're healthy fats, they're omega-9, healthy fats, but they're not essential fats. So you need your omega-36 to get those omega-36 that your body can't really, doesn't really get in the diet very easily. It's an insurance policy because if you don't take it enough essential fats, your body will sense it's an effect the private state that will hoard fat. A lot of the bodily processes, including muscle repair, won't take place at optimal levels. So you definitely want to take omega-ly's, okay? Then the other source is a fat, you know, or kind of like, you know, just for health purposes and for, you know, metabolism boosting effects. I use macadamina oil when I cook, I put it on my foods, for taste, but I'm doing that for the health benefits of it and because I feel that it simulates my metabolism. It's really not being consumed because it's an essential fat. The essential fats come once again from the fish oil and the evening perimros oil, which is in the omega-ly's formula. Let's, what we actually have a couple of different questions, both as in the same thing, but for their particular areas, we have one in Korea as far as when it's facing nutrition, we'll go to South Africa and another for Latin America, the second part of the South Africa question is about extra vitamins and minerals, one needs to supplement with besides a good multivitamin and what dosages, also benefits of each that you might mention. What was that last thing you said, the benefits of what? No, the last one is also what are the health and physical benefits of each that you might mention, so I guess the additional vitamins and minerals, right? Here's the problem. I'd love to be in all every country in the world. You know, if you guys know distributors that want to carry the product, feel free to contact me and put me in touch so I'd love to work with them. A lot of time the issue is price because shipping internationally is expensive and sometimes these manufacturers or these distributors want to make a huge margin and my product line is a high end product line. It has to be sold that way. It's not the cheapest products out there. It's not the most expensive, but it's not the cheapest either. I'm not going to cheap in the products so that people oversees you have a buy. I'm not going to sell, I know a lot of these companies will sell a cheap rate version of their products in the other in the Middle Eastern countries in Africa because it's trying it up because it's cheaper to to give to the customer there. But it's not the same product. So I won't do that. I'd rather not sell there. Having said that, you know, the line that I self species products is so complete that there's really not that much you need to add to it. The mineralizes all the vitamins, essential vitamins, minerals, trace metals, and polyphenolics coming from, you know, vegetable extracts. It's all in one product. And then all the essential fats, which will left out of the multivitum, which you can't really mix them in there, are in omega-lices. So those two cover that. Then you got your fiber-liced, you cover it as your fiber. The only thing you really need to add, and I've said this before, is I would add an extra 5,000 units of vitamin D3. I have, I already have 2,000 in my product, but I think 7,000 IU's of vitamin D3 per day is perfect. That's just my experience. That usually brings your levels up to the normal level on blood and, you know, unless you're outside with no shirt on every day for 20, 30 minutes, you know, then you might not need as much vitamin D, because you're biting my field of synthesizer. But I always say, better safe than sorry. The only other supplements I really recommend is I use a product called juice plus that I really like. It's a fruit and vegetable extract product. It's not a vitamin product, but it's a fruit and vegetable extract. I just think it's good for good health. Not necessary for luxury item, I call it, but it's something that I use. I also take extra vitamin and it's actually in the co-cute 10, because it's good for the heart and the efficiency of the heart, right? So I do add that, and there's a couple others I add, and I don't think they're necessary. That's sorry, but if you're over 35, over 40, probably Coke, taking 100 to 200 milligrams of Coke, ketene day is probably not a bad idea, just to keep your heart functioning well. Obviously, then, every couple of months I'll alternate this in and out. I'll use kidney stuff for my daypalombo.com website, for my kidney, you know, function, for creatinein and B-U-N, to keep that down in normal range. And I use Bill LaWelonz, which I also sell at Daypalombo.com. I use his liver stable product, I mentioned earlier also, and why do I do that? Because just to keep my liver healthy, keep the kidney tube goes open, keep everything flushing out of your body. And that's really it. Those are really all I use. Then, every, like, maybe a couple of months, I'll work in another supplement. Just to see how I feel on it, right now I'm using these ostrich peptides for immune system. And I want to just see how they work. I always send the bottle of them, and I want to see if they work well. If they do, then I will recommend them. And that's usually what I do. Usually every other month or so, I'm testing a new product to see if it's something that I want to incorporate into my regimen or not, or maybe even to advise you guys to. I just started a Titan Medical Center.com, sent me their TV4, Fimus and Beta4, which is a healing peptide. And I just started taking that. So I'm going to see how I feel on that. And I'll report, we'll do a video probably next week on that, or maybe this week, and this week about how I've been feeling on it. It's been, I've been actually feeling pretty good and recovering from my workouts well. So there's always something I'm testing out. But once again, the items that I mentioned are the absolute you must use, everything else is a luxury item. Olympia six weeks away. So of course, it's going to be expecting a lot of Olympia related questions. Easy, why won't I say, and Dave, what do you think? Dave Romney has to do to win the Olympia? Is it conditioning in of itself or is it something else or something else needed beyond conditioning? Now, I think it's just a conditioning issue. And I'm going to say, I think that there's a good chance I'm going to be at the Olympia this year. A lot of people have been asking me, and I first said, no, and I might be going pretty sure. We have a sponsor. We'll probably announce that in the next week or so. And we're going to be covering the show. But I think that if Romney can bring conditioning, and we've looked better, sent you a couple of videos that I've done some analysis on said, and I think that Romney looks really good. Even Chris Cito said, he looks really good for five weeks or six weeks out, whatever it is from the Olympia. If he can continue to improve from this point on and no one tries to pull any crazy things with insane carb ups and something that he can beat Phil. He's got the tool set to beat him. You know, if he can bring the same conditioning as Phil with the mass that he's got, no way, Phil, take him. Good one here from, big pup-eye John. Again, a lot of our fans like to ask you about your bodybuilding career and stuff that you did during your career. What were some of your daily routines you would do every day, and you believe benefited your bodybuilding career? You want to know what my routine was. It was wake up like late because I would go to bed early late and I always wanted to sleep like eight or nine hours. Sometimes I wake up at one in the afternoon to be honest with you. I get my ass in the shower. I would get out of the house. I'd go right to McDonald's. I'd have my six cheese burgers there. I usually on two buns. Large fry, two apple pies, and then I would usually go to the gym. Well, I usually just are shopping if I had to get some stuff to groceries, whatever, and eventually I wind up at the gym somewhere. I train usually I have a postwork out shake. Then I would usually go tanning. I would go, if I had to go buy clothing or something, I don't know. I really didn't have a lot to do. I was living the dream. I was living the bodybuilding dream style. I would go home at night. I would usually buy some dinner. I would go for sushi or buy like three Chinese food meals to have in the house. I was eating every two hours around the clock. I was drinking a lot of shakes, obviously. I did a lot of computer work at night. I obviously back in the 1980s and early 2000s. The computer wasn't quite what it is now. There was no social media, but I had an answer to emails. I answered, I would post on some forums. I would search the net for information. I would read up. I was always trying to educate myself. And that was my life. It was very simple. It was no responsibilities. I would spend a couple of hours at night, cleaning them up and checking if they had kittens or whatever the case may be. That was my kind of like diversion at that point. I tried to keep it simple. I tried to take naps in the middle of the day after I trained and possible just to help recover. For a while, I was training people out of valleys. When I was doing personal training in the morning, then I was doing it. I was getting up a lot earlier. I was getting up at eight o'clock. Going to train people from nine to 12. I'd go train my friend Doug Wentz. We'd come back. Then I'd come home and I would take a nap usually. That's probably when I had my biggest growing years. Later in my career, I started becoming a light riser and I wasn't doing the naps as much. I was just sleeping later in the afternoon. But I was at the end of my career at that point. I wasn't really, I didn't have to put much muscle on. But when I was in my growth stage, sleep was super important. I really believe think about what a baby does. A baby sleeps like almost around the clock when it's an that's when it's doing its most grow. As long as you're putting the food in, you're not missing meals from sleeping, which I never would get up at an eating. I would go back to sleep. You're going to grow way better. If you're getting a lot of sleep. A lot of guys I work with, they work really tough jobs. They only get like four or five hours of sleep and they have trouble putting weight on and they have trouble losing body fat because their body is not recovering properly. So sleep, sleep, Kyle and Mara Nucci is marinating chicken breasts in a white vinegar precontas bad for the breasts protein does it value the chicken breast. Yeah, that's fine. You can use marinades until like that as long as there's no sugar in them or carbs. A lot of people, you know, you could start adding extra stuff. But if you're only using vinegar, that's fine. Soy sauce is great too. Just make sure you buy like keycum in soy sauce that doesn't have the added sugar to it. That's a big mistake that people do make. You can't add a lot of calories to your food if you're using condiments that have carbs in them and you're not aware of it or you're just being ignorant. Read your labels. The labels don't lie. Taley Alley, milk fissile does it affect Andrew Jin resenters. Now, all milk fissile does is open up the, open up the, the bile docks in the liver and they bite them wider instead of them getting pinched off. They're open when they're open. The liver can dump the waste out this detoxifying and get rid of it. And once it dumps it into the intestinal tract, it just gets eliminated from your body when you poop. So that's the easiest way to do things. I mean, the problem is that when the liver is being overworked to get it in flames, and you know, any kind of overwork syndrome will cause chronic inflammation. An inflammation in the liver is going to pinch these bile docks off and it's not going to allow the waste to pass through these small small ducks. And when that happens, that's when you get problems because then the fluid backs up in the liver and you get fibrieticiuming laid down. Sometimes you can get cyst formation where all of this, these toxins have nowhere to go. And so the body just encapsulates them and assists it sits on top of the liver. And I see that in a lot of people at this. You have to be very careful. Jimmy Massiam Dave, I have an abdominal hernia surgery coming up in two weeks. What do you recommend? I do over the recovery period to maintain my mass and maybe even look better at the end, which sounds like a range where I can start with light cardio and work my way back to full activity in six to eight weeks. The key is to make sure you keep eating. Don't miss meals. Don't think because you're not in the gym that you don't have to eat that you only have to eat twice a day. You know, it's insane. You should continue eating as if you've never stopped working out. Because if you've been working out, you know, religiously for long, long periods of time, it's going to take your body a really long time before it's completely healed up maybe two weeks. And by then you're going to already suck feeling good again. So don't miss meals. Big Rocky Sosa peak week essentials in terms of how to manipulate carbs, water, sodium. Yeah, I mean, I have a protocol that I use with with pretty much everyone in different different for men and women, but the protocol is pretty much the same. It just gets tweaked according to the person. I did not do anything as is foolish. You got to have a game plan that last week. The atomic beast have you heard this statement that vitamin D should be regarded more as a hormone rather than a vitamin. Why do some people claim this? Well, you look at the structure of vitamin D3. It looks like a steroid hormone, which it really is. It's a steroid hormone. It's or at least a precursor So, which is interesting when you think about, you know, being deficient in it might actually inhibit some anableness in it's going on in the body. So that's even another reason why you should supplement with vitamin D. Philip Role, what do you think about feeder workouts? Brent sees few cents every day of a hundred reps for arm shoulders to get blood in in the muscle and get more growth. Rich Pianna talked about them as one of the advice that he gave on YouTube. Does it work for natural bodybuilders? I've tried this. Never been able to stick with it for a long isn't worth it. I put feeder workouts up there with bridging between steroids because which is basically never going off a steroid. When you over-trank in other words, if you have a weak muscle, the reason it's weak is assuming your training properly is that it's probably not able to recover as quickly as some of the good body parts you have. So what do people do? They train it more. And what does that do? It makes it break down more and it doesn't even repair itself even in a repetitive or even less. At the long term, you want a bluesy muscle rather than a gaining muscle. So I think it's a terrible idea. I think once in a blue moon, if you want some month maybe you're throwing extra work out and they'll say have weak shoulders or let's say have weak pegs. And you usually do chest once a week and you train it really hard. Maybe you want some a while. You just throwing extra chest work out in there. Just to really stimulate that muscle and give it a little extra. But if you did it every week, you would over-trane that muscle. So you don't want to do it every single day. But once in a blue moon you throw an extra work out in there. I think it's terrific. Excellent. 187. I want my daughter to be healthy and strong growing it. Going as she grows up. Should I follow the same sort of approach, nutrition-wise, as I would in terms of the macros or just let her be and eat whatever other kids would generally be. Your approach with your kids. My son still too young but I would like to them to eat well. I don't think he should just let him eat with him. I want to think if you have knowledge about nutrition, it's good to impart some of them. But not be a Nazi about it. Not to be like, you know, like where they're whipping the kid at the kid. The kid has an M&M or something like that once in a while. You know, you can't do that. But I try to make my son at least be exposed to healthy foods on a regular basis. But I allow him to have a treat. I actually enjoy watching him. You have a treat once in a while. We go to McDonald's, you know, every once in a while. I'll let him have a piece of pizza. You know, if we go to like a buffet, my wife will have, you know, she'll share it. We'll just share a dessert with her. You might have some ice cream or some carrot cake. But most of his meals are very healthy. And I think that's what you have to do. That's to be balanced in their lives. Because otherwise they'll become dysfunctional eaters and they'll have eating disorders. You know, especially when they're but if you expose them to 90% of their food being healthy, that's enough. They can handle a little junk food. It's when the kids eat all junk food. That's the problem. Jim Madness, Dave, I know this question has been asked a lot of times that I would appreciate a short answer. What are my alternatives for a clomeet in PCT? Almost killed myself in my last PCT because of clomeet side effects. Yeah, you can use no that X. No that X is, uh, or Tomox if it is, does the same thing as clomeet essentially in block estrogen receptors, whether it be on the breast tissue or in the brain, it doesn't really matter. It does the same thing. Clomeet blocks the estrogen receptors on the hypothalamus in the brain and allows it to not be turned off by estrogen. Okay, and so therefore the hypothalamus keeps working. It sends signal to the pituitary, pituitary sends signal to the testicles and everything keeps going. Okay, if you don't have that okay, and there's note and the estrogen combined to those hypothalamus on the cassette, there's just going to shut off testosterone production completely. Time for a couple of more Howard nine is H.H. we're taking in the all-season bulk when it's main use at low doses, fat burning, skin, et cetera. It's really not even at low doses, it's main function is not fat burning. It's muscle building and repair via IGF1 release from the liver. So you take a shot at G.H. the G.H. goes to liver liver degrades it and releases IGF1. So that's the benefit of it. So and I think it works great because you don't have to take a lot of it, a small amount works well. It's just consistently using it. Last question from a bassier C. Dave the best work out for chronic knee pain. All account, all compound movements. Father me, I've tried all of various foot and leg placements. So we get a lot of questions for those suffering from chronic knee pain. So we want some other best work out you would recommend for those suffering from chronic knee pain. You know I had an E issue when I first started before I ever took an animal ox steroid for some reason it was driving me crazy. I couldn't do legs and I met a physical therapist at a bar and this girl told me that what you should do is tape your knee. She was an athletic trainer to tape your knee inward. So if here's my legs, I'm taping my knee towards the middle of my body, pushing the knee cap into the proper place because I was getting pain under the knee cap and she said you have a tracking problem. Okay and she's like it's not going to be fun having that tape holding your knee over but it's going to functionally work and I started doing that and it was helping a little bit. Okay and then I wanted to do my first animal ox cycle and I kept saying I want to wait for them. I'm healthy so I get trained and then I said you know what maybe I'll feel better if I take the egg so frustrated. I just started taking the animal ox cycle and I'll tell you within three weeks my knee pain went away. But I think also that it was the fixing of the tracking of it that really helps. So my suggestion is go see an ART guy like you know and have them work on the knee and the tissues are around there try to get massage on a real basis to keep the quads nice and soft and pliable and if that doesn't work you know obviously you want to take joint you know supplements I would recommend taking ART through the lives five pills twice a day you're going to certainly feel relieved you'll feel some extra lubrication in the joint and that might be your ticket to you know to salvage and so to speak. But ultimately if you go and get an x-ray done and you find that you have very little carnitally in there you might want to get a sin mask shot which is basically injecting liquids to no real fluid into the or gel like to no real fluid into the joint and then it kind of just lubricates everything and that a lot of times helps people too. One more quick hitter in this one from Camille B body building not sure if you address this in the past but if you have to say someone was your mentor in the sport whether now or in your body will agree or how to be. I say probably type two. Dr Scott Collin who invented Matt Drex was definitely a mentor of mine in terms of not drugs but supplements protein metabolism you know the science and what's going on you know and that's why a lot of my rants are based on stuff that he's rancid he's given me and luckily I always agree with everything he said pretty much. Another mentor of mine probably from a friendship and I guess you could say drug standpoint would be Dr Mike Kloffman who was a dermatologist after my sister and he was a big big time body builder he invented a lot of exercise equipment machines something like that and he was he was just brilliant this guy and he really was a mentor and we used to stay up to like four in the morning he he's like the train and just Jimmy had a key to I'd be there for four in the morning just ask him like question if the question if the question he loved he loved to have these discussions we had really really crazy you know like theoretical discussions about what we can do and how we can alter muscle you know size and recovery and different supplements and different drug cocktails and I learned a lot from those discussions you know even if some of the stuff was gibberish it didn't matter it was an exercise and using our minds to develop better protocols and a lot of my protocols I've developed because of him and because of those discussions so I want to thank him he's up with a big guy up there so may rest in peace that's going to do for this episode of past day of again we be remiss day we did mention throughout the course of the week especially on today's episode with a lot of the questions that we've been getting a lot of people sending their prayers to you to your father your family obviously you're going through a very difficult time so I wanted you to know that that RX muscle nation has been sending their best really throughout the course of the week and they've all been supportive of you and in your corner during your difficult time yeah I want to thank people I've gotten a lot of the great response from people and I didn't even I didn't even think about when I first started putting it up but you know the community does rally behind people when things are you know the chips are down so to speak and you know it's always tough to lose a parent my dad's a little older you know which makes it a little easier obviously I lost my mom when she was 42 and I was 14 that was tough my dad's a little easier but you know it's still you know he's been there so long now I just expect him to always be there and once again he's going to be moving on to a better place and he'll be with up with the other Jedi's up there and have it you know we're looking me and hoping to make sure I make the right decisions and protecting when I don't and you know I just I appreciate it obviously you know eventually my dad does let go it'll probably be a sad time for me I think right now I'm a little numb to the situation just trying to keep everything but you know it's tough tough losing a parent you know and a lot of people that can relate to that I think that's why we've got a lot of great I've got a lot of great responses from people giving me the wrong personal you know encounters with memory loss and old age and dementia and stuff like that and had a deal with it and Chris Hasido and I talk about it on the radio a lot because his dad's kind of going through the same thing so you know it is what it is it's part of life it's the cycle of life I appreciate all the loving and loving words and prayers and I know that's going to do for this episode of As David and brought to you by species nutrition for Dave Blumbo and our producer Tyler Shore obviously for repeat we'll see you next time