Day below here for an R-AX muscle news update. This just in big rammy confirming that he will indeed be doing the IFBB Europa Pro in Aliconti Spain coming in the next couple of weeks. This is exciting news because a lot of people have been speculating when we would see big rammy again. It's not qualified for this year's Olympia so the absolute needs to compete. Most people have speculated that we probably would see them in Spain, seeing that that's going to be the closest show to where he lives. It's also a top 3 qualification. However, I don't think big rammy is going there with a place top 3 in qualify for the Olympia. Our good friend, John Enrico Picca is promoting this show in Aliconti Spain. This is a really important show because for European bodybuilders and people who don't live in the United States, this is really the only qualifier or one of the few qualifiers prior to the Olympia. This is a big one. The IFBB extended the top 3 qualification spots for this show in the men's open to 12 classic physique men's physique bikini and figure. Top 2 will qualify in fitness, women's physique and women's bodybuilding. This is the biggest qualifier in the year. I'm going to be the biggest show in the year but it's certainly going to give us the most qualification spots for the Olympia that will be coming up by December and Las Vegas. Big rammy, making the jump into the show will see him compete against the likes of Reagan Grimes. James Hollingshead and I don't know who else is going to be there and we're going to see some good quality bodybuilders there. Big rammy probably going to be the biggest name in the lineup. We're not aware of who are having an outskid if they made a jump. I mean, let's say William Bowenek shows up at the last minute. Putting aside anything like that happening, we have to assume the big rammy is going to be the biggest and highest ranking name in this lineup which is going to make him the clear cut favorites. So, Rammy goes in and doesn't win this show. It'll be a huge disappointment for fans and for the judges and for everyone who wants to see Rammy hit the pinnacle of bodybuilding which is winning the Mr. Libby contest. To me, this is an exercise basically just a walk through for Rammy. He comes in even at 95% I think Rammy walks away with this title and will qualify for the Olympia and we're going to see him in Vegas obviously and hopefully competing for the Olympia title. We've been saying to the last 10 years when his runny waiting for Rammy to show up at his best so that he can be the heir of parent to the Olympia title. If he hasn't happened yet, well it never happened. I don't know. I believe that Rammy is still going to be working with Chad, Nicholas who we work with for the oral plastic where he plays third. So I'm assuming that him and Chad are going to make some tweaks between then and now and we should see a much better and much drier and harder rammy coming to Alicante Spain. If he shows up at his best and really shocks a lot of people that will give him tremendous momentum going into the Mr. Olympia contest and I think that's what he needs at this point because no one's really talking about Rammy as a potential to win the show. You hear in Flex Lewis, you hear in Brandon Curry, you hear in Phil Heath. We haven't heard Big Rammy's name. The Rammy goes into Alicante Spain and dominates there, bringing the best look of his career. He's going to be anic that list of guys who could absolutely win that Olympia and that's what's exciting for the press for the fans and for I'm sure a big Rammy. So what's going to happen? We will know but it's an exciting prospect to see Randy on a stage again. It's certainly going to add a lot of intensity and a lot of whoop-lock to the Alicante show. I'm sure John and Rico pick his very happy that Big Rammy is going to be showing up there. Good luck to everyone involved and we will keep you obviously updated as we hear any more updates on the Rammy appearance in Alicante Spain and if any drama has ensued right without appearance. Alright, I'm Dave Polando for an RX muscle news update.