Old School Body Building Clothing Company. If it's been three and a half hours since you last ate protein, now you're starting to freak out, you are old school. If watching someone sit on a hammer machine for five minutes between sets playing with their phone, pisses you off, you are definitely old school. OSBBC.com for the hardest training athletes. I'll have it three and a half. Stay with me, I'll have it! I'll have it! I'll have it! I'll have it! I'll have it! I'll have it! I'll have it! I'll have it! Welcome back to After Hours. I am Dave Palabo joined as always by the entire WAC pack. John Romano, Greg Valentino, and guys that I can say you didn't know, a Mr. G supposedly is poised to health his press conference with Big Lenny. Very shortly. I think we should support it 100%. We have a cameraman out there? No, of course not. Yeah. I wouldn't even send Tyler out, I'll tell you why, because I don't trust them. They're very unreliable, those guys. That includes Mr. G and Big Lenny and crew. It's not in rely on loads of they won't do it. Who knows if they got a shot while up on time? There's always so many problems. Someone gets arrested. They got too much going on. Well, Mr. G should have somebody just do it on their phone. They got their phones there. I told Rob Zilla, we do in this press conference. Mr. G, I think he wants to do it from his phone. I'd rather you do it from your phone, Rob. I said, because probably the lens is a lot cleaner on your phone. It's probably gonna save you from the love that. Because he's got a new phone and it still looks like this. Who's with George? Who's with George? Is Mike, what am I going to make? I think it's his, the right is quiet. The rich client who has the house down there in Boka. Oh, that makes everything nice. When you get a serious rich client. I'm the one that introduced him to Mike. I met him in C-side heights. He was right at actually talking to him. Mike is not the client as not as quiet. He's like a fan in the show. He came up to me, rose promptly, gas. And then I told George was around him, Mr. G. Because no way. So I told George, George went over there. And now he's got a best friend. So in the meantime, we got to talk about Jimmy to ball. Yes, so where is going on with him? You said he's having problems? Yeah, well, you know, my wife's going out of town for a week. And so I thought, you know, what a good time to invite him down and hang out. You know, we can take the motorcycles out, ride around. He'd love that, you know? Right. The big lake and summertime. I, there's a, there's a drift jam coming up. You know, where you tie to all the boats up and they get high. So I haven't seen a regular music on the lake. It's freaking awesome. So he's, he's, yeah, yeah, I'll do that. I'll just a good idea. I'm going to do that. That's a good idea. I'm going to, I'll make that happen. And this is this is three four five conversations over text. I tell you, you know, he likes to talk, you know, he's all school. So I'm around the phone. You know, yeah, I'm going to do that. That's a good idea. I hated it up there, fucking hated it. You haven't done this. I had to do that. You should have what happened today. And he's on it and on it. So just come on down relax for a good time, right? So yeah, he's gonna come. And he likes to drive too. That's the funny thing. It's not like he doesn't like to drive, you know? It's not that bad to drive. I mean, he did it before, but I'm saying he likes it. It's not like he's one of these guys like my father who doesn't want to go anywhere. Right, and this time he'd come in his, I keep and told him rent the car. It's the best way to go. You'd be driving a brand new car, you know? Down, right? And if you had a good idea to put the wear and tear on a cheap, you know? So he's like, you know, he's all about that. And then this is like almost a done deal. Of course, I did say it in the Valerie yet because I know Jimmy last minute who's gonna say I'm not gonna say it in the Valerie. And which he did. So, you know, but under the guys of, yeah, I'm out of time here, John, you know, here I'll tell you really a text, you know? He says, he gets to, you know, his John gets depressed and then he, he's gonna be a fool. So he'll snap out of, you know, go to a bar and he'll meet some girl and then he snaps out of it, you know, for a couple days. John, sorry, I didn't call. I'm going through some times. I'm going through some times here. I'll buzz you this afternoon if that's okay. I respond, sure, absolutely brother, call me whenever. You know, I'm free all afternoon actually. I was gonna, I was, my mom was in Florida. So, yeah, he doesn't call, nothing. There's today still so far, nothing. He had come in. And that's how. What, I don't understand the, the, the, the instant tense bitching and mourning and hatred he has for where he is. And then here you, me and of Greg could do, he would also, we are offering him an option. You know, you know, oh, I see. So scared, we do scared. When is it going to old school, a tiny thing, no, they bitch about everything? You know what I mean? I think a lot of brothers were all brothers. Don't you think it, you know what I mean? You know what I mean? Of course I do. I just finished saying you guys are family. Yeah, of course. But that's the way he is. You know, he is fucking, you know, he's crazy. He's always on the edge of the slightest little thing. You know, it breaks my heart because he's miserable. When, when Jimmy is on, when Jimmy's on, what? You know, it is entertaining person on the planet. Greg is the same way, except Greg doesn't complain. Like so. Greg would do great and Florida, but he's not complaining about where he is. He's just, he's just comfortable there. So he doesn't need to say anything. Jimmy doesn't really want to be where he is. That's the funny thing. Anyone do anything. He's dead. He's dead. He has everybody, all his friends. I know Jimmy, if he went to Florida, he'd be there for probably a month. And then he'd be like, I gotta go back. I gotta go back. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. He would be the main room to town in two months. I don't know, he's got his daughters up here and he's got a lot of oil. He doesn't even see his daughter. He's in with that crow, you know? They'd rather come down here and see him. That's when they told him. I like the mix. Since. Yeah. Yeah. So I don't know. I think he needs an intervention. Yeah. Well, hey, what? Lee Priest was freaking out there today. My girlfriend, you know, Texas him a lot. They go back and forth. He's funny though. He was taking the show. My girlfriend is bats that they have over the area. He's trying to film him at night. This is giant bats. They look at their side. They're like, uh, we call it foxes. He's like, we're wings and shitting out. He's him and my girlfriend are going back and forth about this. And then he starts, you know, he was just about Jimmy Bull. And he wants to know, what's beyond the polarized caps? I don't understand that. Lee, why don't you just add it? And he goes, what's beyond the, when you get, I want to know what happens when you get to that ice wall that Jimmy claims. He goes, what's beyond that fucking ice. I asked him that. I was on the phone, Greg. And I said, can't answer it. No, listen, no, he's what he told me. He goes, oh yeah. He goes, you go look it up. Bird, we bird, check it out on Google. He got to the white spot. He couldn't climb the wall. They couldn't get up, and it was so massive. I said, Jimmy, how can they take a helicopter up the way? Go over the wall. He's not, you guys, the weather's too bad. They can't get a bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little fly. No, you know what they think. They think it's an ice wall and it's like a dome. So if they go up and come around, it won't be back. So just like a flat bird and then a dome. I said, we're in a hurry. Oh, wait, what did you just say? A flat earth with a dome? Yeah, yeah. Right. Which is no longer flat. No, which means that this is me. I don't know if you really get it. Yeah. Dude, I agree with you, but this is a lot of conspiracy people. They believe that you. And fucking leap, preschools, I want to know what the fuck is behind that stupid ice wall. And then, you know, my girlfriend, you can get her going on that check. Because, you know, she's fucking easy, like, like shot. What I wanted to know is when I look out my, when I'm outside of my house and we watch the, the all these, you know, because I, you could see the, the shuttle, we'll be with there's no shuttles now. But you could see the rockets go up the SpaceX rockets from Cape Kennedy. I want to know where they go in. Jimmy, I think it's go for it. Do I ride like we're the fucking, you know what I'm saying? Do you know real days? Do you like as to put it? That's what you're playing. But if the earth is flat, okay? And the rockets go in up, right? It's, it's like a skyrocket. It's going to eventually. Where's the, it's floating. There, where's the go? We know bounces off the bounces off the kick it through there. He'll tell you, it can't, he'll tell you that it, like, that you're not really seen around, it's like, they're fucking with your governments, fucking with you, that that's not real right. Right, right, right. Never land the moon. Right, right, right. All that video's fake. He says, it's all bullshit. It's all fake. He tells me, he said, there's no such thing as a, me and him at an argument that there's a long time ago. He was telling me that there's no such thing as a picture of the earth. You know, you know, when you say, yeah, you said that. He says that's a painting. That's a, computer generated. Yes, all of the videos, the spaceships, the Hubble telescope is bullshit. There's, there's no rockets. We didn't land on the moon. The moon isn't even there. You know, it's a projection from Gotham City. And instead of just break the bat. And Alice, and it's all bullshit. So everything we've seen on the ex-combs哪裡 screens is fake. Except for what he says. Yeah. Now I get to tell you, Lee Priest has a little bit, a little bit of conspiracy in him himself because, and my girlfriend's into all that shit. So he had my girlfriend gone back and forth on this fucking text message. About like the key was taking pictures of the sky above his house. And he's like, look, they got camp trails. So you know that. And three of both sends me that too. Yeah, but you want to know something. How stupid? Because whoever's up there flying a plane and dropping this so-called poison that's killing all of us, they're poisoning their own family, still, right? Like, you know, they live down here. They live on this earth and everything. You know? So you're looking at, right? Am I right or wrong? They're drones. Well, I'll tell you something. They definitely spray for, from insects over here. They drop shit all the time. Yeah, but they're not dropping you. These topics, then you got, you got the, you got the UFOs now. We got the UFO footage coming out. Well, that Jimmy would say that's all manufactured, right? Because there are no UFOs because you can't leave the planet. Oh, yeah, dude. Let me think of it. That doesn't make it. It could possibly be. And it probably is. But it certainly is working as a distraction from all this other shit. Go, no. If you guys in the comments here on this station here, if they were saying, like, God, that's birds. That's fucking, you know, shit like that. You know what I mean? That's birds. I actually would, I would tend to believe that there are other aliens coming here visiting us. Well, of course. I hate. You know, that's how you're doing. I was playing a fucking 4,000 years ago. You know, a pyramid's will built in each of it. It was pyramids here in, in, in, in, in, fucking South America's pyramid. There's like, yeah, pyramids here in the United States. How did these people, like, know to communicate with each other like that? Like, you know what I mean? Don't you think, don't you think it's incredibly arrogant as a society to believe that what do you only want? That what we believe the laws of physics are, are the laws of physics period. And that it would be impossible to conceive that another civilization, somewhere else that's been around hundreds of thousands of millions, tens of millions of years longer than our civilization has been developing here on earth. Literally, light years ahead of us in technology and intelligence and all that stuff. That what our laws think we think they are, physics not theirs, they figured you should out hundreds of millions of years ago, right? You know, and so. Well, John, let me ask you a question. How come, you know, even back before Jesus's days, people always looked up to the sky for God, right? Right. But how you're telling me to, like, you know, I believe in God, and everything, but I don't believe he sits up on a cloud somewhere. That's why with people look up, oh God, you know, he's not, you know, I believe that's all like another dimension, so to speak. But that's the reason why they say that people came down for this, this cave, there's drawings on the caves. Well, there's, but there's physical proof. I've been to Egypt. The proof is there. That pyramid, the giant pyramid, was not built by us, not this us. It was not, and it wasn't built 4,000 years ago. It's not over. Did you could have built that today with the schematic and everything? You're telling me 4,000 years ago, but what an advocate. Right, no, they didn't even have the wheel. They didn't even have the wheel back then. There were one foot out of the freaking stone age. How did it fuck the day figure out, how to move? If you had a build, that pyramid is built by two millions, what I 100, two a million, over two million blocks that had half tons each. Right, great, John had it. And they said it was built in 25 years. So it's built in 25 years, all of those blocks, they would have the mine transport, carry up in place, one block every 21 seconds. John, how do you cut perfect squares? Each block is perfect. Out of granted. What does it mean? Get it? Number nine in the hardness scale, and the hardest tool you had was copper, which is you can't even scratch anything with it. Give a height unit fucker, take a five pound ton, fucking block and drag it, and then get it all the way up there, and the fucking, you know, the most regret. The most insane thing is this plate is this, what's that place called? Peach you or what? No, it's in, you know, no, in Egypt, by the, by the pyramids, where these giant sarcophagus are, they either ground, and they're way like, they went like a hundred tons. The bases, the base, solid granite, the bases carved out of, solid granite, perfectly square, 70 tons, and the top, the cap, is also perfectly carved with an indent around the inside, and that's 30 tons. And it's laying on top of itself, you know, like this, and they're carried down these corridors, and put in these rooms, and there's only like two feet around where, you know, where this giant sarcophagus is, it's way bigger than for a person, these things are giant. They're like, you know, eight, seven feet tall and 12 feet long, you know, eight feet wide, giant bucks that solid granite, perfectly square, they put a square straight edge up against the right, absolutely perfect, right? You've seen that, right? And they're like, and there's, and there's, so this is catacomone to ground, and these like branches that go off and there's giant boxes, they need to get these branches, right? And, and, and there's one, actually, they left in the middle of the hallway, and they just stopped moving it. But this underground, no light, no suit on the ceiling, so there was no torches, and they got all this dug out, and it's all perfect, and they're moving these giant, giant blocks of, of, of, a perfectly carved granite underground and stick them in a room that they got like two feet around the stand. So somebody please explain how they do that, right? I agree with you, man. I don't know, I just think, you cut perfect fucking blocks that are 10 feet fucking high, and, you know, 20 feet, I mean, it's, it's impossible to cut that. You couldn't do that today with electric fucking, gas power tools, you know, I don't see how you can stand it with a chisel and fucking do that. But they got rocks with the cut marks in it. They got cuts that were at the blade broke. They were saying, and they were saying, even if they knew how to manufacture their own rock, they say, we don't even have that technology perfected today, you know, right? So there's no way they could submit. Yeah. It's just even like the sphinx and shit like that. How do you carve something that's so humongous? I don't know, I just think, you know, there's definitely got to be something, well, we'll think about this. How much technology change from like the 1920s 2020. Think about where we went with the cell phones and the ability to fly. It's a bit of a shit. So in 1970s, we were catching up with the. Why the Holy E. But that's 100 years. Imagine a thousand years from now. And so we don't kill each other off. Think about how much tech with it. And you'll calculate her. A calculated in 1970s and fucking think of like, what, fucking 100 bucks with normal life. But think about what we can do. I mean, don't you think that they're going to figure out how to make anti-gravity like type of vehicles that are just going to just lift off that, you know, repel gravity and then you'll just, you'll just fly basically. I mean, well, they're saying that right now, what's his name? Elon Musk is teaming up with fucking that moment from Amazon Jeff Bezos. And that is what I want to both go to space and what you get those guys involved. They have enough money to create whatever you don't want to mean. Look, I mean, we are less space shuttle was, you know, funded by a private thing and it was Elon Musk, you know? So you don't know what that is going to happen. Now, I mean, that's saying eventually, you know, we're going to go in a Mars and 100 years from now. People would be watching it, going, little cell phones those guys are using. You know, I mean, it's, it's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. It's important. People left for me. I got a fucking flip phone. You'll still, you'll still have a flip phone. 100 years from now. Yeah. I would have fun. I'll be like, Greg, you'll be so seen out. I'll be like, you know, that phone doesn't work right now, right? There's no network. Yeah. But to think of trying to say, they're fucking technology, just from like the early 2000s. You know, no cell phones are like, people left for me. They got older than that. I'm like, it really isn't that old. What do you know? Jeff, my point is that in a thousand years from now, think about what kind of you will be around. 100 years. That's why John's saying, you know, people, people. I got a whole bit of a challenge. We got a challenge on us. Good. Dave, we got a mystery. Oh, we got the, we got the, uh, but I can't see it. We got it. We got it. Yeah, Dave. Send a link to my phone. Are you having a second? I said it to your phone. Hold on. Okay. Thanks. Take it. Talk to me. I feel like I'm watching the Logan. I never have any. I never have any. Maybe I'll have their fight. I see. I saw that. Yeah. Hey. Look at this. We're in a private location, a suitcase in my clients on a big giant golf course. Big built-in pool. Oh, nice. Is this way going to have the fight? Laney's. Laney's about 30 feet from me. You know, what do you guys just have the fight right now? Get it over with? Have Rob hold the phone. Nah, it's the, it's called the press conference, Dave. You know what they are? You guys, you guys may never get together again. This might be the end of a rob. Just make them fight and hold the phone so we can watch. We're not with it. We're still in training if I do. I mean, so when you, when you can do the fight, you go in there, I like it. Hmm. Hold on. We lost you. I said. I said. No, on. I don't. I ain't doing it. Good. All right. They're all holding this. They're Lenny. I see. So Rob, maybe you should be like the guy who asked the questions at the press conference. Unless you want us to. No, when you guys get you guys, you guys can ask and it can't hear the, then I'll repeat them. But okay, but you got to turn the phone because yeah, you got to put an orientation lock as got to come off. I see. I see. He ups and downs. I'm just not getting help. Greg, I'm placing Egypt. It's called the Serapium. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I mean, look that up. No, you're a peer. I'm going to look at the R.A. I'm going to look at my screen. I'm trying to find the crazy to figure out how he fucked they did that. No one that we know today. They couldn't do it. I got it. Let's focus on press conference. You get the, to get the aliens. All right, Rob. You're a little bit of this set that we got. Hold on, Rob. What you got to do is you got to turn your phone sideways. So it's the long way. I mean, they're the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, but then you got to take your orientation. He had it. He had it right. He had it right. You got to take the lock off. Take your attention lock off. And turn it side. Do you have an iPhone, Rob? Yeah. All right. Swipe down from the top. You sound there. There you go. Lenny. This is your job. You should be here doing this. I told you're full. Yeah, well, I didn't, we didn't trust that you guys would show off. So you got to stand still. Yeah, can you sit. There you go. Stop. Don't take any more free work out right now. All right. All right, snowmbody hit some body. Do we still? Yeah. Well, what, like questions up on the fans, John. Did you make all those postage, uh, Mr. G? Yeah. All right, they made up here and you know how we work on the go, right? So so I went, I went, I, I, to my back up, I didn't have the special board. I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't be in that line. How can we only have a small beat for big one? C. B. Big ladies. Yeah, why do you? Why do you do the lines to be in big one? A small letter. Where's the scale? Is this a weigh in? Where's the, No, the weigh in. The weigh in isn't too long. Is that a boy? Jack, why is the hot chick? Where's the hot chick? Where's the hot chick? Where's the hot chick? I feel it. I feel it. So what do we, what do we, what do we, so what do we intend to accomplish here today, gentlemen? Fans, ask questions. Okay, ask a question. I just did. Well, it's a question. What are you, guys? What are you guys want to accomplish here today? That's the question. Oh, that's not how long how long are you doing? Well, what's the, what, oh, what's the tail of the tape? Did you guys did Rob, did you measure these guys like the neck by our ability to reach? Reach. What am I a tailor? No, I didn't measure these guys. Here's the tail. All right. Up. What are you waiting today? I'm six foot. Two, two, 22 right now. All right. Maybe I'm, I'm, I'm six, three, three, seven, ten. Let me look way bigger than Mr. G. I'll get in that my huge. Yeah. Let's get it. Let's get a stand right next to each other. So we can get a stand right next to each other. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. No, we can get a stand right next to each other. You know, I can the poster. Like, no, you're ready to go up like, make a spritz out of that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, face off. We can't get any spritz here. There you go. That's it. Let me say. Pop. It's not popping up. Ladies, got George, can't you see? I'm not even playing. I'm just playing. I'm just playing. And he's laughing over there. George, George, you're being psyched out right now. Hey, Lenny looks menacing. Yeah, you can feel your right on his foot. And whip your head off and shit down your neck. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey, let's compare. Oh, George, it's turning away. That's the best. I might have to retract my bat now. Look who's supposed to be this big. Lenny. Wait, Lenny's a monster. I got the list. Lenny's list is thicker, man. I got to tell you, Lenny's no difference between Lenny's hand and his wrist. It's one solid piece. You guys look at Henry's hell too, by the way. Let's go nose to nose again. But I need you someone to talk Rob, talk over the acid. It pops up in the screen. Yeah, working me. Can he put it on? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, now we got it. OK. OK, good. Let's see who breaks first. Mr. G's like laughing. He's like, don't you have a meat? I like Lenny's. Lenny's got a very menacing. He's not aggressive. You know, look, you could tell he's been in a fight before. I'm scared of Lenny. You'll be thinking about the way Rob, your kind of thing is getting to work. OK. This is some questions. What the wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard. Yeah, you can, all right, you can, you guys can sit down now. But that's the screen. You got to go get the screen. Wait, wait, wait. Has anyone asked for it anyway? Wait, the question is, has anyone asked the question? But, yes. Well, you have, I want the fans. Don't we want it down? No, we want it. No, we want it. You have my brain to hand show. I got a question for you, Mr. J. If after the fight to plan on releasing a big Lenny cookie, that's big in my inbox. Yeah, a lot of people been asking that to. I think he should. If Lenny is ready. If Lenny uses his platform for good, then I will. If he continues his ways, then I will. I got a question to you, Lenny. And a lot of fans want to know, is it mandatory that you won't fight unless there's training, or training ring girls present? No, not necessarily, but that would add to it. I mean, it's national pride months. Which I'm not a political thing, but if a man can make himself sexually appealing to another man, I think that's a society. And I find that an art. So that's the law for you. And I got a question for you, Lenny. Don't take those shit. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Follow the question. Follow a question. Follow a question. Art. Please explain the artistic element of this because you know, I'm an artist. So this is interesting to me. Yeah, we can tell by the photos behind your head. John, if you look at some of them online, where you can't tell if it's a woman or a man, that is, hats off to them. I mean, they can get them in a wretched amount of any man. It's turned on any man. And I think if you want to be gay, why don't you be a trans sexual and look good at it? They don't want to stop. Why is it that? I don't think it's not that. But I can totally understand that. I can totally understand that. As a man, if you can make yourself so gorgeous, it's just going to show how lazy a lot of the women are. And that's what family and status is thinking that they can walk around not having to be pleasing. Don't worry. So, Lenny, if you're going to take it in the ass, it's going to go, my name is Will Be Would You Know? No, no. I'm not one. I've never done that. I've had a couple of tried to take good and do it. And I'm not for that at all. That's the thing. I'm a natural part. But I mean sit down, talk, and maybe hug and kiss, and maybe a little oil or some and jogs. That's not funny. Anybody in the crowd is here. I mean, it's an ass isn't hurting anybody. It's not John. No, that's not my thing. I heard that's what you're trying to, I'm just trying to establish the parameters to be able to find acceptable within this room. So, John, I know I have a question for Mr. G. John, I know. Okay. You're no, I got a question. Mr. G. I'm going to turn on as we all do. We're a man. Let's face it. Every one of us, have either seen one, on the nuns to them, or been with one and say, wow, this is great. So, I think I want to speak to him. I don't want you to speak to him. That's not funny. I want to ask Mr. G something. Mr. G and we're hearing Lenny say these things. You are a little nervous that he, you know, when he's wrestling you and the ring that, you know, something might pop in there or something like that, you know? Yeah, that's a great question Dave. What's the question? Oh no, no, no, that's our fair. Because, late, on Lenny's defense, he's saying, the trend, gay guys don't like trends. Because that's been in any gay guys like men. What if he's not gay? He likes girl. If he's not going to try to stick his dick to people. Where his mind seems to be open. No, I don't think I'm going to think. I don't think it's going to be a stretch. No, I get it. I'm going to be like a wrestling. Basically, what if he wears his wig? You know, I'm going to let Lenny, I'm on your side. I understand that. Click on this. Yeah, it's a stretch. I'm going to shade. I'm just saying, if his mind is open up enough to that, if he's rolling around on the floor of Mr. G and he's just trying to just get the hard on. Oh, no. I'm going to slap you to that. And then Mr. G's got to deal with that. Not being mischievous. That is what you don't work. That's not good. How do you? It's a big test. The big test. The soft skin is to the estrogen therapy and the smooth voice. I mean, I can't describe it. But it's still there. It's not as much as it has been. And I can credit the eye of the game treatment for that. But it's still a part of it is there. And it's an all-man. It's a serious right. I was on the phone. I remember the training said we got a fight. We got a fight. I was on the phone with my eyes. He gave me one. I'll take that. Oh, my. What are you going to say about it? One second. Hold on. Logan Paul just went for it. No, first vlog. Hi. I believe, really like, second. Second vlog. Anyone? And the end of the day wants to be the nice, nice girl at some point. Not a training, not a test. I don't care about those people as far as what they do. Sex with, you know, I'm just not going to promote them, you know, and be part of it. That's a very simple. Whatever the sexual lifestyle is, it's up to them. Who cares? So, Lenny, what do you want to show the world with this fight? Good question. Show them it's with hard failure. It's not a death sentence. You can get better shade. I want you to go out and go man to man. Actually, it's kind of, I'm having a difficulty right now. Right now, I mean, Mr. Jean wrote out the red carpet, gave me some Mr. Jean's cookies, different flavors. I got my alcohol on water and make sure I had it. And we had a nice discussion, but we have to prove who's the better man, at least for this day. And already, I'm starting to get really, really fired up. Over the fact that I didn't really get much of a chance, you know, with all the pre-fight whoop-law. I'm going to prove from people wrong, which I like doing, and as the best way to do it. And I will be in shape for this fight, and it's going to be entertaining. And hopefully we can get Cassidy Campbell or Nagarishin on Genie Mereira with me priests. And that'll definitely add to it. Can I ask Cassidy Campbell to fight Lee? Yes. I'm really, I just just thought they're working on it. They're working. I know, because I was watching him tell him, I need to ask a serious question to Lenin. OK, so let's say you guys fight and you. Does that victory justify what you did to him? We'll work on him. Say it again, John. I'll do it here. I'll do it here. I got a question. I didn't have my think as forgiven. I'm actually glad he called me out on it because it shows you that old school mentality that he's knocking on a letter code for anything. Yeah, we have to admire that. But if you stand at it just internet beats and a certain someone who remain nameless that won't get in the ring for anybody, he's causing a lot of problems. And it's been offered $5,000 to get in the ring. Let's see if he does it. Because I gave him a question. That's a tag. J Masters. Yeah. J. J. J. That truck driver who's going to fight? That won't let me. That won't let you. That won't go. Whatever he is. Okay. It's just some six stuff. Yeah. We know who you are, J. M. This is. Don't worry about it. You hide behind will these different names. You're cow. Well, I'm lost. So wait, he wants to fight Rob? Huh? Yes, yes, Greg. All right. Okay. That guy Benny his help offered J $5,000 to get in the ring with me and go one round. Wow. But he won't do a training thing. Because he's currently like I said in the last year, trying to get people to harass my family and stuff. Let's get back to this fight. He wants to keep it. He wants to accomplish with this fight. Okay, so wait one more question and then I'll shut up. George, you look like you have built a carattery with when you know, it's a no, it's a press conference. No, I know that, but I mean, you can show me the real good. You've been treating them really good. You gave him cookies. You know, you built a poster's form. Yeah, maybe the other one. Are you mad? I mean, are you still mad? John, let's, let me explain what you're doing on, John. I showed George get him from laughing. I can't say what you're doing. It's been he's got serious. It's not working. This is what's going on, John. I already figured it out. Mr. G has trained his ass off the display, right? He's petrified that this thing's not going to go off. He's got to sweeten the pot a little bit to make sure that everyone is, is cooperating and that everyone's going to show up on the day of the fight. You understand? Right. I'm from all the way. Put away, you would look a little better if they were like, didn't like each other. Right. They should have, you should have, you should have, you should have pretending you didn't like each other. I think we could not. This is George trying to say, if they were standing there and Rob had a holding back both between him. Right. That's what they should have. It looks like F finished. They're going to go out and ever fight to eat. Maybe hang out to the show. That's fine. They come a few tradies together. Yeah. That's what it looks like to me. So I don't let me better than that. And I know what's really going to happen is after this. The second we leave, he's going to start running his mouth once again. Probably. Let me, let me ask you guys a question. What's going on? I thought you guys must have been trained by Vinny up there. And you were going to go up there for three weeks. And now you're back down. I heard. Well, back in that way, but thanks to take care of our some legal issues. What's going on with your earlier, Lenny? What's going on with your earlier, Lenny? What's going on with your legal and the things? I can't leave the county. Oh, okay. So you have a, you have a, you have a, you have a, you have a, you have a, you have a, you have a, you have a, you have a, you have a, do you have a, you have a, you have a mine of touring device to attach to you? No, no. No, because he has a going to court you. Hey, we have any lawyers that are watching this that maybe can help you. Yeah, I don't have any side. I have a whole room full. Wait, you're going to make sure that we got a gel, Mr. J, you're not going to have a fight. Yeah, they're all, they're all in signing it. Adler to hope the whole crew. Well, let's help Lenny out. He's not a little bit of a trouble. George is my boy, but I like Lenny. Lenny, I, I hope he does good. And I want to see. Yeah, he's, you know, I want to, I don't like this legal shit, whatever it is, I want to see him get through this and have, you know, have fun. That guy, that guy, that guy, that guy, that guy looks like a bowl of bowls. You know, that, with a little tiny head, like, like the beat of juice head on it. Yeah, I said that he said, I saw this, he said some sick things. Yeah, and then trying to get everybody in trouble. Yo, none of this is about that. It's about two guys getting in a ring, working it out, yo, competition at the end of the day. And then I kept fitting to this. I don't understand. I thought it wasn't until these guys all friends down there. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Two, two, frascaids. That's the same thing. Made a video. He made a video and told people that they, if they have a, I'll keep it down syndrome or a kid that has special needs, that it's you main to drown them. What? What? Yeah, yeah, they, who did? That guy, they messes. Who did? That guy, the real, the real, the real. I don't know who this guy, I'm not sure. I'm telling you, I saw the video. He said to me, he said me, he said me one of the wild back, yo, he's in the dog, yo. I think he's going to want to be talking about, you come down and beat me. Is it on YouTube? It was on his Instagram. It should be somewhere, yeah. I would, I don't know, right? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, but it's in the right place. Yeah, it's in the right place. Yeah, it's actually, that's how the kids get a half special needs or something, right? Yeah, yeah. And he's going to, he's going to, he's going to, he's going to, he's going to, he's going to, he's going to, you guys, you, you guys don't hear. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, he used to be, but he got, you know, we all kind of banished him once he started saying out, Lannish things like that. I mean, who wants to be around somebody like that? No, I don't like that. Yeah, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. That could get me in a ring and that would be good for him. But you know, you want to fight him like that? I don't even know who he is. He won't accept a challenge from anybody. He wouldn't accept a challenge from the same hand that you could have, girl, like, talking about she'd with the Zass. Oh, wow. I looked, the challenge and he's going to have one day is that he's not going to see the challenge. What, this guy, if he keeps still a stop, he can, I'm not told. What are you doing, stuff like that? You have to fight. You'll have someone, you'll have someone one day and you, no, it's come. How about, wait, you got to do it. He can be at the fight because George, if he was at the fight, my bed is George would call him into the ring. You, get out, Pyrr, let's go on. You want to go on, right? He wants to go on. So it's face anywhere where he be reckless. She's going to work in a game sending messages on my Instagram and I just, I, I, I, I, I, I, listen, why did you spend your time trying to help people to, to destroy the story lives like they told about Lenny and Tom's leaving you whatever, who cares? That's his problems. That's not to do me trying to throw up the fire on it. That's not to do that. But you know what you should be doing instead. You would end it. You would end it. You would end it. You would end it. You would end it. You would end it. You know, like a, like a mercenary soldiers are fortunate and, you know, just going out after this guy. And just instead of fighting each other and him, that's what you should do. Well, fighting each other first and to go do it. Then go on a mission together. Yeah. You know what? They'll be best friends after the next show. I think the best friends now. It's like, you know, that's the, like the expendable. That's the point, John. John, the whole point of this and everybody is, is to show people how to send all differences. Not by destroying people's lives. Not by trying to destroy someone's reputation. Not by going to someone's house and dragging them out or doing something bad, by taking it and competing and running together and working it out. And the end of the day, if the whole workshop's shit can't and realize that we got to use our, our, what we do for good and not bad. And then other people like, let's see that. I like it. We got to do a rise in the right. And we can't make up. And it's called price fights. But what if we die in the ring? Not going to happen. How do you know? Not going to happen. When he's got a hard issue. God. John, that would be the place an honorable place for me to die in a red. Not on some streets, some ghetto, let's listen by the other day, doing something stupid or worse. If I got wanted to be in a ring, well, you know, I couldn't have the 100%. I respect that. Yeah. Yeah. There's an honor in the battlefield. He'd probably have his father's approval on that one. Yep. That's the Olympics. I don't think that's nice. Is that what the Olympics are about? The Olympics are athletes from every country. Even though they have differences. You know, when they're a woman, when you're, is the, to the athletes, you put your best up there, the fighters, the javlong dies, you know, the swimmers. And then they compete against us all the time. They get the 12th and they realize that they're similar. And they can work it out in competitive sports, the angry animosity and become friends and not go to war. And that's how it started. I tell it started. Right. Right. Let's get the answer to the nitty grids. Yeah. What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. How many rounds is it going to go? First of all, how many rounds is it going to go? Three, five minutes and then they, you have to see. How much rounds? This will wait. You guys can fight for five minutes. Are you doing with that, Leonard? Three, five minutes rounds. No, no, good enough. But I'm not. I would, I would say five minutes. Five, like two minute rounds. I would say, I would say, I would say, five, thirty second rounds. Yeah. Three, three, thirty second rounds. No, two minute rounds. Do five minutes. That's what it's going to spend. We spent doing nothing. You guys can do it. They're going to just go around the ring, like, you know, to sign up. Remember when Ollie fought the, the jab. Yeah. Got wrestler, remember that? Yeah. He was not easy. No, right. Exactly. Right. The bell rang. Blank sweep. Undergone the ground. He spent the rest of the time on it. He was taken a nap. So I mean, two minutes. Come on. Just be realistic. I've seen big, lengthy doing any cardiovascular conditioning. Mr. G has been, has been trained incredibly hard and is incredibly fit shape, great shape and condition. He could easily go two minutes. He's been training in two minutes. So I'm a trained, done, between five minutes. Five minutes. Two more. John. I've been training. I've been training. I've been actually five minutes. I can get it right. Fave is right. Five minutes is too long. I couldn't fight for five minutes. It's no way Lenny's fighting for five minutes. Lenny's honor on the battlefield will be fulfilled if you try to go five minutes. All right. So so to said, so shall be done. But I don't, we don't want Lenny to die. He's not. Do you fight around? You don't. You don't. He came from God. This, this has been pre-old day. This is a property. He's done. This is like the fucking pyramid. You don't get it. It's like a sack of what you're showing. It's like a sack of what you're showing. Yeah, we're talking. It's like a blues brother. It's on a mission to put the band back together. It's a momentum. God. You guys can fight. But George, you guys are older. You need to have a little bit more rest in between. You can't fight five minutes straight. No one fights five minutes straight. George, can. What are you talking about? They said you have seen. You guys are not in UFC. Like months of fucking demonstrations. Two more. Ten rounds. Five minutes like those guys doing the 30 sets of body fuck. The Arnold training. We want the Mike Metser and Thor and the hard one. The Metser and Thor and the A. It's ours and Jones. Have a beauty fight. Two minutes. Yeah. I think it's fair. George, to go two minutes. It's very hard to have enough endurance. I know you're in that case for endurance. But you got to give a lady the opportunity to at least be on a rest in between. Yeah. You got to do that. What? What? You take a, you take a one minute rest in between. Right. But you go two minute rounds. You do five minute five two minute rounds. That's fair. Right. But I'm not, I'm trying to decide. Yeah. But he's, you know, I'm so why? What's the big deal? You'll be in better shape. All right. All right. So, ladies. You want. Yeah. Three, two minute rounds. Do five two minute rounds. Five two minute rounds. Five two. How about five two minutes? Five is too many. It's not going to go five. Yeah. At least. Leave the audience. Yeah. Three to three. Five three to three, five. I mean, if it goes beyond three three, we'll have a. Siden we've got overtime of it to tie. That's all five two minutes. Yes. George, you got to give him the two minutes. Come on. All right. Five two minutes. You got to think George. You got to think entertainment value. You want, you want this to be a show. No. You want to, you want to, you want to, you want to, you want to. No. on the state in bulk of Florida. Whoa! Give us your tool. No, we said that you would be the only who would go to Florida. No, I want to do it again. Cause I will tell me, cause everything you say, I'm going to do the opposite. That would tell you everything. I'll be surprised. All right, hold on. I should go to a fucking giant. Giant, I'm not going to do it. Greg, if you guys were betting men, what would you bet? I mean, who are you going to pick? What round are they going to go out and how's the win going to happen? Oh, fuck. I don't know. That's tough one. John. I mean, he want to go first. Greg, I want to pick. I think it's first. I think it's going to be some sort of drama, but I don't want to see anybody get hurt and just predict. I predict if I was done now. I'd say to Lenny, let's go to a club shit. Fuck, that's not fun. Greg, I'll sneak him out the back door before the fight starts. I probably want to happen. This is what's going to happen. I'm going to go to distance and it's going to be a draw. You think so? Yep. Now draw. Now draw. I'm scared for his a draw. Draw. This is going to be up. Look, this isn't everybody gets a trophy deal. Well, that's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. What? OK. OK. So what if both of you end up unconscious? Who won? The guy who wakes up first. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. I think George is going to have a hard time hurting Lenny because I don't think Lenny will go down. I think Lenny is, you could take a lot of punishment. So he's going to wind up arm barring him in a very boring end to the fight. It will probably be over by the second round. Yeah, I see. Yeah, I think this is not going to be exciting. John, I think they should go to a training club. See you guys, the hottest, training. That's right. You can judge the contest. John and I want no part of it. Yeah. I'm not in the control at all with the training element of this. So you guys seem to have an affinity. You find the club for them to go to. And then I'm going to go to the world. I'm going to go. I don't know. I don't Greg's open to it. Greg Greg. I would fucking. Greg, you're going to get a hot of training. Yeah, you probably will. You've got a better rap than those guys. You're a great. No, I'm only kidding. No, listen. I. I. An idea. He doesn't. I don't want to see anybody get hurt. I like. Greg, listen. You're running in a voice. What if you went down there? All right. What if you went down there? And you got two trainees to fight each other by for them by proxy. But what if I was Lenny's coach? You know what's that? Well, this is bad. No, listen, like, you know, like wrestling. You come out with a big head on a shit of bow around. You got two two hot trainees, which you're like, Lenny, Lenny, get a good girls. Well, George, you used to do that for the radio show, but out the trend. Yes. Maybe Greg, maybe you can find Lenny, Lenny, some bad, hot trainees to go out with them. I think you get too, Greg, if you find two willing trainees that you think fit the, you know, the bill. And get them to fight each other. Now, we want them to be the ring girls, John. Yeah, you want to ring girls. This is why you got to be in a fight. Right. Really. I got to be honest with you. I got to be honest with you. You have watched the three studios, you remember a curly, then. Yeah. And if we're, we get to ring, you get to ring a store playing on music. You get two hot trainees there. They call like this, Lenny and a blow, my kiss. He'd be in the front. He was like, he was like, he was going to have to score it. Come on, like, just join him. He's going to score your round up. Yeah, that's a swing in the middle of the world. Let you with that. I have a real girl. He really wants to get it out. Oh, hold on. I believe Lenny takes it. He does that because he can't get a hot girl. That's not right. It's that quick. Listen, if that's what he likes, that's what it does. That's what it does. Yeah. Let me have George. What's your on garage? Get a consistent. Do you have it planned yet? At the fight. The walkout. Yeah. Do you have a song? Hey, who the fucking, who the fucking, who the fucking. Who the fucking, who the fucking. Who the fucking, who the fucking. Who the fucking. Hi, Gordon, guys. With the band pipes from the police department. Yeah. You can have a garage. You can have a garage. You can have a garage. A garage. I was dancing. And my music, I music. What's your music? What's your theme? Rocky. Irish. I was. You can have Irish music. My team is. You know Irish working. Fighting guy with a whole life. Working on. We're talking about a whole life to build the business and the build something. And to to show people how this new evolution of. People who talk people try to room reputation. There if you're going to call bullies. You know, we all, you know, then so be it online. And they need to be stopped. They can't just drive people way and make up stuff. Not going to happen. Yeah, but back in the last garage. Back in the last. But I want to show the youth. What you do. What stand up. You can't let it just go by the way, sir. You know, the name is question about the entourage. Are you going to do like, you know, like, have like, you know, like just in beaver walk out with you kind of down the aisle from the walk. Maybe. Maybe. You're good. You need someone. You just got to walk with. Yeah. Maybe. But let me in the garage. We're going to get one. No, we're trying to think ahead of what we can do. Hmm. He's got a little bit of a strange line. It's right in the front, but then he also has to have like, you know like, a rapper or something like that. What kind of music you like, you, like, you, like, you know, a bridge by the music that you love. What was that? Well, I was a lot on listening to music. It's a kid. So any kind of deal. You're probably like club music, right? House. No. No, what is he like? He likes the year the cat, that's so. That's the year. What is that so you're a bit sad? Yeah, yeah. Country rock. Country rock. Yeah, 70's probably. I don't listen to the radio when I'm talking. I think I can get one of the BGNs. John, maybe he could sing like night fever or something like that, you know, when I mean, like, for you know, like disco from the 70's. That was that was really looking forward to it. Go ahead, Mr. G. again, the opportunity as well as Dave, you and your after hours crew. Yeah. And as a great chance for me to get in shape and just be a purpose in life. You need a purpose when you wake up in the morning. Letting people, can you agree with you? Can you give us like some like, you know, like, jam, jam, jam, you know, give us some like, you know, punching, you know, yeah, give us a, let's do a little demonstration for them and really wrap it up. Yeah. Let me see what you got, Lenny. I put some gloves, Lenny. I don't need the gloves. Wait, wait, wait. I'm for that. Oh, they're going to fight John. Oh, good. Good. No gloves. You want to love? No. All right. I'm just going to slap you. My slap. Right. So let's pass. So let's go. Let's go. Come on. Look at this guy. So Lenny, show us the cookies he gave you. They're in his belly. Lenny, I have a sugar free market. I gave the key. You should give him some, you should give him some. You should give him some. You don't give him fat John. He don't like. He'll like with macadamia. And other like you should do it better than the ones I have. I'm asking. Oh, no. That's one. No, no. Peter by the cops. No, I think some of the, yeah, we preach giant killer. Where am I, cookies? Did you get many miles away? Let me on it. No, those are special. The ones I made you. Yeah. Those are stuff ones. I'm sorry. But there's two big a bromance going on here. For just to be. Yeah, see how he's buttering me up. Cookies, gloves. Yeah, you try to go to the light. That's it, Lenny. Lenny, don't take it on shit. But don't, Lenny, it's like you want, it's like you want to date you. Yeah. Yeah. Cookies and ever Pope, friends of Nafford in my life. And you should see this mansion we're in now. Yeah, we want to get it all over the floor. Can you give us a little twig? I heard Lenny's moving into a mansion right there. You're going to be training there. Wow. Good job. John checking out, look over here. Here's a big giant golf force, your own private golf force. Look at the pool here. And then it's starting to, it's got three giant bedrooms. We just ordered the look to go and a big giant like, Hey, wait, I'm in a four, I'm in a four. I knew live in a four, I knew live in a four. Are you guys living there? Yeah, he's living here. We've worked a fully, I mean, my client worked a fully furnished. He still has a big house and playing, you can go back and forth and I'll go back and become a back and forth. of fourth. So technically I have a place of Florida Dave. What? Woo. Where about Lenin? He's staying there too. We're doing the cookie. Who's still in the cookie out orders right now? I am. I'm still. I may fly down here on the weekend, but I'm still running. Running my business. I'm not not running it. I thought you said you're moving it to Florida. You business. We're good. We're going to talk about. We had a discussion about opening up actually a place down here. We will have a brick and mortar we coming fire stuff. Then at the back we'll use it to ship the stuff around the country. You should hire Lenin too. You can get Lenin. Yeah, Lenin cook for you. We're the big cookies. He's a cookie cutter guy. You can't see me, but I already got my apron on. I'll try to do it. Let me get my. Let me get my kid and then we'll be in him and do a little spar. All right. Let's see. Hey, why are you? I put the camera down jumping that fucking pool. Yeah. I'm going to get the light. You're lucky you're done. I'm going to get the light. Don't take those shit Lenin. I'm on the side. I'm going to get the light. You're good man. Take a saturday. You guys back will wrap it up because if my phone dies. Yeah, no. We're running that time anyway. Wrap it up. Let's see you guys box us out here. All right. Box it box out. He went to the store. That is. His son is. I don't worry about it. Just we just want to see each other a few times. Come on. Oh, he's. So we've ever wanted. This is called this this is a little training. Give me. Don't call Perry at the end of the speed. You know, and in the dirt. You know, we're. We're. Just do it. You don't need to explain anything. Just. Why would you want to see a lot? That's all. Thank you. Thank you. Well, that. You. You. You. You. I. When he's getting guests. Not me. He's going to be a massive. Good job. No. Come on. George is locked. David. David. David. David. David. David. David. David. David. David. David. David. I'm not just joining us today and I'm looking forward to the fight. It's going to happen the weekend of October. Why. I'll. Yeah, the Olivia October night between. Twelve and six when nothing's happening at the Olympia. Like I said. We're going to have. Everything. Nothing but. Judging John. That's all. That's all. We got the whole because they have to. Well, I. All right. We're going to. So in the middle of the day in Vegas. And in the or. We're going to have vodka and watch the fight. All right. All right. All right. All right. Take it guys. Love your ball man. Rob. Thank you. You're. Great. Wait. What the fuck is you? What is that? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. First of all, first of all, Laney Caballi left his arms up. I love. But it will be a massacre. It will be a massacre. And it's not going to accomplish anything. It's already fake. I mean, they don't they like each other. Yeah, the ball. You're going to do the best fucking God damn most like prefight show ever. No, I don't. But the best idea or maybe Greg did. The misdegetion, move his business down here. We should hire, Lanyan Rob Zillet to bacon, the good. And they should hire. Good. His client should hire a film crew to film the whole thing. It would be the greatest reality show of all time. I. I'm the one who introduced it to that guy Mike. Another guy Mike. We could call it the cookie. Well, Mike's been replaced by big Lanyan seems like so. So it'll be, it'll be, it'll be the cookie factory with big Lanyan misdegetion. No, the cookie cutter. That's the great idea. The cookie cutter. That's what you'll call it. Your cookie cutter versus the cookie man. That's what I said. Instead of giving Lanyan cookies, you should give him a big thing. A cookie. No, from 12 at the reality show, we'll be called the cookie cutters. All right. Right. And, uh, or big. Great. Mr. G will make a fortune because everyone will want to buy the cookies because of the show. Right. And the show will be on the head. I can do a lot more people. This is the greatest thing that's happened. I think George for the cookie company because now we've got Lee Freeze to Volk to once and find a we a cookie. A lot of people want Lee's. Correct. Well, those guys, I guess on the show, but imagine a big Lanyan works for Mr. G. Can you imagine that the insanity that we're going at that point? I told you, I'm a digesting guy Mike. He's a nice kid. He's now down there with a I did. Now he's down there with George and Florida. Yeah, but he's went out to the store. But big Mike, that that my guy seems like a normal pretty normal guy. I, I, I, Lanyan Robzilla with Mr. G. It's good. It'll be like an insane asylum. Lany, Lany Robzilla and Mr. G. Making cookies of all the things that happens today. And I'm telling you, you want to put the thing is Dave, we can't if we leave this in the house. Yeah, yeah, you're right. Because this is a great business model. Right. The fact that there, we make a reality show of the making cookies that we sell. Yes. Yes. Right. This is brilliant. Yeah. It's brilliant. Okay. So, but they'll never figure that out. Yeah. So we got, we got to do this for that. Yeah. You know what? Be funny. I need to be a little dumb. I need to be a little dumb. I need to be a little dumb. So, I mean, I got, I got, this is a great idea, Dave. You're a genius. What did you give me to pull came down and knocked them both out? Just, well, you know, you know, you got another element. Yeah. Well, you know, pull him in because, you know, he's, he's the law. I saw that needs an intervention because he's he might be seeing two. That might be seen two, John. Yeah, but he could get. Yeah, he would fight the ball. Right. He would not fight. So we're talking about the reality show now. Yeah, no, no more fighting zone. They're fighting zone. They're fighting zone. We're talking about the freedom of being a free-to-giving and for season two to add more, you know, more flat in the show, you know, to bring Jimmy to bowling. And he's trying to drive and down to, to Florida to make a good. And then Greg, you could come in for the season three. Maybe, you know, you know, lead priest for season four. You know, we got, we got a plan ahead because this is going to be at least the seven to ten year run this show. And the, and the cook, and the imagine all the different cookies that we're in. Well, we're in this. When they get like she's three, they could have me and Lee preach coming like the open loopholes. Oh, I'll loom. I won't make it. Oh, boom. And the good thing is Mr. G's got his client who could hook a bill though all this. That's awesome. I couldn't find things in the show, you know. Yeah. But we got, we got to step in and organize this for them because they don't don't fucking all over. Yeah, of course they will. Yeah. The key is film. You got to film everything. You know what? We got to create. We got to make sure that this, we got to, we got to, we got to justify the actual truth and reality of what this arrangement is done. Oh, I can I ask you a question. I want to know, is Tyler a little upset that he wasn't there with this big press conference. Yeah. Believe me, he was a, was even, even. Tyler's. Tyler's. He can't believe. Yeah. They're literally Tyler was supposed to go down here and film. Yeah. But get him back to the environment. And this is really true that that house is theirs and it's like the training camp, you know, and cookie factory all in one, you know. We got to, we got to see if that's. This is a monumental. You know, it would be John, you're crazy. Got that house to get about the fucking cookies. They should be bringing home girls also. So, and then he brings home a training. She goes in George's room. And next thing you got to the house. That's what we had that in. We had that in. That's it. The show plot is they're making cookies and trend and all the things that happened today. Well, let's get it. Well, it's, let these life interweave the Mr. G's life interweave with the business, you know, right. And so, so Mr. So Lenny's. Proclivities come to the surface and they go completely against what Mr. G believes in his value, but they're being informed that they're. They're being informed that they're. Mr. G's now conforming. So, no, Mr. G's getting all week down. What you know, Lenny's got his hands in the cookie. He's been aiming at the training out in the hallway and Mr. G's. What the fuck? This guy's making cookies with the hands. He's got all over the training. And the funny. And then people. You know, it's funny. You know, it's funny. He's pitching about it. But then also in the show the morning breakfast and out of his door comes his training run out into the bathroom. If you get a robot. And a George's door. And then George comes out. And they're like, yeah, what happened? It's what you thought. I didn't know. She's just flipping a room. And we got. And God knows what Lenny will put into the. Into the. Into the cookie. You know. He's going to God. Did George get to all of sets. He went. Badger's mushroom. It's not. Right. He made me go against God. We're writing this thing as as it goes. It's right to set. You know, these guys. I didn't watch you. They don't know what we're talking because they don't understand how George the God. The show will explain it all. All right. So, all right. We got to do his get his brother down there for a couple episodes to John. Oh, Bobby small. No, he did something. Forget about Bobby would rule that show. Oh, you know that. You know what Bobby's going to listen to this. And he's going to his Bobby's the business man. Yeah. And he's a George. Wait a minute. I got to put the smart business on the side. So he's. Because you got to go. Mine over here with this fucking cookie. All right. The reality show with the cookie. The reality show promotes the cookie. Right. So this is fucking brilliant. Yeah. So it's going to wouldn't even have to be like a TV reality show. It could be a YouTube reality show because that's a signal. Yes, not what they're selling to cookie. Right. Of course. You get to watch to make your cookies. They're making cookies your body. But you know, you show. But by making you never want to eat the cookies again. But you never know, you know, they'll crawl around from the ground outside for the birds. They just want to freaking be part of the heel. They don't care about the fucking. Dude, I still think it's funny. If anyone started knocking everybody out, you remember like the three Stoods you know what seriously though, Lenny and Robney job. So I mean, this would be perfect. Really. I mean, this is like I said, this writes itself. That when you got to put you out of somebody comp. We got to send. We got to send Bobby Smalls down there to manage. So Bobby Smalls would be knocking. Dude, you. You fit your fucking given Lenny like the smell or the fucking maybe a Trandom Duce. Like this and isn't it like fucking curly? Yeah, get out there and it'd be knocking dudes out. Everybody coming and ring bang. Rob's little comes in and ring your stop of banging on cement. He's fucking, you remember like fucking nut of three Stoods you like that? That would be fucking great. That would be funny. That would be funny. Oh, watch it. I'm glad I would love it to people like to watch our fantasies and listen to all crazy, you know, I will just have fun with you. Somebody's guys think this shit serious. Like the guys watching us and fucking my feeling. It really is a good idea. You know, like I said, talking about trans sexes and Lenny's dysfunction and get the fuck out of your wits. It's a very, very creative idea. I hope that they listen to what we're telling them. You know what? The fight. Out of the way dreams to be on. You saw the press conference. We're one step closer. If anyone wants to, you know, get involved and donate some equipment to these guys or any kind of supplements. I'm sure we can get them over to them and they would appreciate it. Dude, and that was an amazing quality press conference. That's the very high point. We're making your own zoos. Rages this cells. That's outrageous. That's outrageous. That's what he's like. Black men's going to try to like take over. I'll give you an exclusive contract on any, like, so that he won't be able to fight, you know, because I don't know how to let the guy go in. I can see that. Big one. I should talk to Joe Pitaro. Maybe we'll put the winners on the coverage. I'll put it on the whole. Have a whole issue of muscle sport back going just on the fight. And the cookie recipe. There you go. You know how much they would sell that would fucking the people want that man. I have anxiety from this whole show, but I'm glad you guys tuned in. We'll be back next week as we always are. If you guys want to reach out to Jimmy to bowl, hit him up on Facebook. I think it's a little bit. Richard's having a hard time. Yeah, hopefully we'll have that one. We need you guys. Alright. Reach out to Jimmy. Especially if you're a dentist. He needs a dentist. Yeah, he needs a dental and what's all right. Guys, I love you guys. I love you guys. See you next week on the Plumbo with the entire Wackback for another edition of After Hours. Love you guys. I love you guys, man.