We launched the tasty pastry for the Ocar Pocktart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. On day polonvo and today is Wednesday, June 30th, 2021. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Once again, it's recap Wednesday where it means that we are kicking off today's show with the recap of last weekend's Puerto Rico Pro. We're starting off with the men's open with a Brooklyn beast that came Williams came out and dominated in his season debut, punching the win and another well-deserved trip back to the Olympia stage, this October. In the 2012 polonvo Peter Burrecki locked up the win and his first Olympia qualification of his career all in the same night after delivering an outstanding performance in his own right. In the classic physique Brazil's Gabriel Macado looked impressive as he crews to an easy win and we can say the same thing for your men's physique winner, Diego Montenegro, who might have been the best we've seen him here. On the women's side of things, Italy's Anadia Copotosto was as good as advertised in women's bodybuilding where she crews to an easy win and fitness to come back kid Darina Wilson delivered one of the best performances of her career which landed her the win, which has to make you feel good if you know her story and everything she's been through over the last year or so. In figure Puerto Rico's own Jessica Rays, a pediow is lights out from the minute she stepped on stage, which made it easy for the judges to leave her which straight ones across the board. Brazil, Maria Lemos, finished at the head of the class in bikini, while Tanya Schartran secured career win number three with another strong performance in women's physique. And we're wrapping up our coverage here with wellness where Casey Dolong brought home a well deserved victory. 4M of big proponent of embracing change because I feel like change is essential for growth, but in certain cases no change can actually be a good thing like what we're seeing this week from Huntal Abraata. According to reports, Hunter Wade in at 259 right out of bed earlier this week, which is actually where his weight was two weeks ago, even though he says that he's in better shape now than he was then. Since there are still four weeks to go before he makes his season debut in Chicago, I think we can expect to see those numbers move a little bit between now and then, but at the end of the day, the final number won't matter as much as the final result, which is whatever one will be tuning in for. Yeah, I know that I just said that the final numbers don't matter for Hunter Labrata, which they don't. With this morning, I heard Dennis James say that Big Ramey weighs somewhere in the Neha Vohod of £340 right now. And got to number that feels like it's too high, not to matter. There are a bit of few pictures and videos floating around in Ramey from different sources, but at this point I don't think we can say for sure if any of them are recent. But given DJ and Ramey's relationship, I think that £340 estimate is probably right on the money, which means that the champ is doing everything in his power to bring winter back to the Olympia stage in a few months. We all saw what that looked like last year, so this year ends up being a bigger and better version of that. They might as well start writing his name on the check now, because no one else in that line can even come close to bridging that gap. That does it's yet another addition of muscle in the morning. On day full of boar reminding you to always be sure to your passions, and they should have followed us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.