Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X-Motor 30 year in a row and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry with a low-car cocktail. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. I'm Dave Palombo and today is October 2nd 2020 and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. This is way to take yourself out of the game as an athlete is by playing not to lose. Because the second you take your foot off the accelerator, somebody else is ready to go speeding right past you. But luckily for John Delorosa, the word slow and down aren't in his vocabulary. A few days ago, John's camp posted a video of him training back with flexed Lewis' crew inside their private training facility and showed John looking as big as I'd ever seen him. Around him, by athletes at this level, forces you to step up your game where else you get left behind. So the fact that John is playing for keeps on a daily basis is probably a blessing in disguise because it'll have him ready to hit the ground running at the start of next season. Back in the day, we used to say that pictures don't lie in bodybuilding. Nowadays, between Photoshop and filters and everything else going on out there, with the cameras, you can't always trust the photos the way you used to. But I do trust Rueley Winkler. A few days ago, a new photo surface of Rueley standing in front of the magic mirror with the camel crew who said that this year Rueley's bringing in something that we've never seen before. For someone at this stage of his career, I don't know if Rueley's cape of both completely revamping his look, but it's good to see that his confidence is riding high. So if the photos do end up telling the whole story, maybe this will be the year, we see him challenge for a top two spot. You know why good movie trailers are awesome? It's because they build anticipation. They give you just enough to suck you in and make you want more without giving you too much. So in a sense, the value of Quaylo's entire Olympia prep is like one giant movie trailer. This week, Natalia's camp released a video from a back training session that showed us just enough to get everyone excited about what she's bringing to the Olympia this year. As the two time defending Arnold Champ, this could be a huge spot for Natalia, because knocking off someone like Sheneek Rand in the peak of her career would be the biggest upset in history. So if the final product does end up being as good as the trailer makes it seem, we're all in for one hell of a show. If you remember two weeks ago, we did a segment on Big Rami, and we said we're their smoke, their fire. Well, it turns out we were right. And in case you missed it on Tuesday, news officially broke that Rami was going to be competing at the Europa Pro in Spain next month. Where he immediately comes in now as the pre-show favorite. That being said, I do think this could be a double-edged sword. If he wins, now all of a sudden the hype train kicks into overdrive and there will be 50 million people on social media commenting about how he's going to win the Olympia. But on the flip side, if he comes out flat and doesn't win this show, people will be waiting in line to pile on and talk about how he's been overrated as an entire career. Well, Rami, the balls in your court now, we're in the home stretch. It's time to put up, or shut up. And that does it to yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning. On Dave Alumbo, reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.