We're going to be launching the tasty pastry for the low-car cocktail. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary food muscle in the morning. Today, Pellumbo, and today is Monday, August 2, 2021. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Ladies and gentlemen, is there any better way to start off you week than with exclusive content from Kai Green. In case you missed it last week, I shared a video on Instagram that Kai sent me asking my opinion on how we looked and whether or not I thought he should do the Olympia. And I gave my honest opinion, I said, when the Olympia no regrets. That said, I do believe Kai is going to compete this year, and if this is where he's starting from, the final product will be something special. Love, and more hate him, he's one of the most gifted athletes that we've ever seen in bodybuilding. And for him to come back and when the Olympia now would be icing on the cake of what's already been a whole thing worthy career. So get ready folks. I think Kai fever is about to take over. We can't talk about Kai Green and winning the Olympia without acknowledging the elephant in the room, which is the fact that he needs to go through our current Olympia champ big ramming in order to do it. Randy hasn't come right out and responded directly to any of the news related to Kai, in order to see half two. There's no reason for him to respond to people throwing rocks at the throne. But from what I understand, and Randy is teeming up with Dennis James again for his Olympia prep this year, and obviously we all know what the outcome of these two teeming up was last year. And there's no reason to think that they wouldn't be able to run it back again, especially if Randy isn't dealing with any injuries or issues related to travel restrictions like he hasn't the past. So what I 100% big rammy look like last year, and for all intensive purposes, that look was unbeatable. So if you do get a 100% rammy and a 100% Kai, I think it sets up one of the most intriguing matchups that we've seen in four or five years, and for me, well, that alone is worth the price of admission. Since there's no clean way to segue between the potential showdown between Randy and Kai, I'm just going to jump right into this new clip from Charles Griffin, because he looks like he's about to do a little bit of showcasing of his own next weekend at the Tampa Pro. This will be Charles's first time back on stage in over a year, and to his credit, it seems like he's bringing in a completely revamp, looked in comparison to what we saw him do when he plays seventh at Tampa back in 19. This version of Charles is bigger, has a smaller waist and has a lot more detail than he had a few years ago. And even though this lineup at Tampa is going to be loaded with top tier talent, if he's as good as advertised, he'll be right there in the running for a top two or three placing. One of our other storylines that I think is worth mentioning heading into the Tampa Pro surrounds really way cooler, and whether or not it's important for him to show up and show out here since he didn't manage to crack the top four in Chicago. Obviously, we know that really is planning to compete at the Arnold in September, which means he could basically be using Chicago and Tampa as test runs to work out some of the kings, which is fine if that's the case, but it also might not be too. We see this a lot in baseball, pictures hit a certain point in their career, and all of a sudden they don't have as much heat on their fastball anymore. It's just one of those things, father time remains undefeated, and eventually athletes just can't reach a certain level anymore. Now, just so I'm clear, I'm not saying that's the case, but really, I don't think we can say that, he's there yet. But I do think what happens in Tampa goes a long way towards confirming or crushing that narrative, which does make his placing their hold as certain in that of weight. So, guess for now, I'll just have to wait and see. Those are really still having enough in the tank to hit 100 miles per hour off the gun, or is he losing some steam on his fastball? Let me know what you think in the comments below. And that does it the yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning. I'm the Aprilumbo reminding you to always be true to your passions, and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.