Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X-Box, our 30-year-in-a-row, and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching tasty pastry with a low-car caulk tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods, Muscle in the Morning. On day polumbo and today is Tuesday, September 29th, 2020, and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. A big part of growth in life is learning how to step back and reassess because when you're caught up in the grind of the day-to-day, it can be damn near impossible to gain the perspective you need to make sure that you're still on track. But now that Patrick Moore is in a position to step back and take a breather, these next few months could be a pivotal point in his career. According to Patrick, for the first time he's excited about moving into his offseason process. He and this team are planning to use this time to really dig in and do it needs to be done to take him to the next level with the hope being that 2021 will be the year that it all comes to fruition. So as long as they don't lose sight of who they are, what it is they need to do, I think a little bit of time to reflect could be just with the doctor ordered. Good runners and good bodybuilders have one really important thing in common. They both understand that running their hardest at the end is the thing that ultimately separates them from the pack. So I've been a vowsick now that you're coming down the home stretch. Here's my question to you. How hard are you willing to run? With the Chicago pro about one month away now, these next few weeks, are the make and break at time that could potentially set the stage for how these last few months of the season will play out. But if she can push through the pain and make one last final push, she can end up being the one who breaks the tape. Set it a million times before, where this smoke, there's fire. Just ask anyone living on the west coast. Now lately in case you haven't been paying attention, there's been a little bit of smoke surrounding big rammy. As rumors have started to circulate about him potentially jumping in to compete before the Olympian. Just to be clear, we didn't start the rumors and we don't know if there's any truth to them. But the smoke has to be coming from somewhere. And if there's smoke in the air, that means somewhere below the surface, something must be burning. So I would keep my eyes open and try to read the TV's because we might be seeing the big man make a return a whole lot sooner than we expected. And finally, we wanted to close out today's show with an update on Sandra Graghalis. Last week, we reported that Sandra was indefinitely out of commission after undergoing surgery. But thankfully, as of a few days ago, it looks like Sandra's well on the railroad to recovery. Late last week, Sandra released a few post surgery update photos that generated a lot of buzz, mostly because she looked like she hadn't even missed the beat. I don't know what that means in terms of her training and competing this year, but at least on the surface it looks like she could be ready to go by the Olympia, which I hope is the case because adding a 100% Sandra Graghalis to the mix always makes things way more exciting. And that does it to yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning on the Palombo reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.