Day Palombo here with an RX muscle news update. The story of today is Big Rami. We saw a beta bedide posted a picture of Big Rami getting a most muscular shot on his Instagram and the guy looks absolutely enormous. Now, obviously, crab most muscular shots. Everyone looks pretty impressive. Rami's looking to be well over 320 pounds. I mean, if I had a guess, I'd say I'm a 330. Now people are probably saying, and I've already had people tell me, Rami's never going to be ready for the Olympia. This is a big mistake from the guy's 11 weeks out. He doesn't look like he's got a tremendous amount of body fat. He doesn't look like he's in trouble to me. Now, should he be on the Internet at this point? I don't know. It depends on everyone's different metabolism. I had a metabolism where I didn't want to be too too lean in 11 weeks out. I don't know how difficult it is to get Rami in shape. I never worked with them. So I don't know the answer to that question. When you have that much muscle however, you could hold a lot of work. Rami can die for two weeks and lose 20, 30 pounds, maybe more of muscle. What people don't realize is, as you get bigger, and I noticed this when I started going, when I first started diving for my first show, I guess, in 1994, the first like National Show, the Junior USA, I was 260. I came down to 224. Then the following year, I was 305 or 305 or 301 or something like that. I came down to 258. Then the following year, I was 315 and I came down to 268 or something like that. But that tells you is that as you get bigger, offseason, you hold way, way, way more fluid. People think, oh, it's stupid to go that high and you'll lose so much fat. What on me, it wasn't fat. I can tell you for sure, on Rami, he's not holding you in excess of the amount of fat. He's got abs. If you look at the next picture, the beta, but I just said to Sid, our social media guy, and the co-host of a lot of our TV shows here, that's pretty good at thigh shot. Now the advantage is that the rest of the body is a pretty sharp. But you don't walk around with sharp abs and have a lot of body fat. He does have a lot of fluid on his body, however, which can indicate his eating a tremendous amount of food or other supplements and being involved. So I think Rami size wise looks to be tremendous. His body looks well balanced. Now it's a matter of can Rami get in shape for the Olympia. That's the question we've been asking ourselves for what five years now. When is Rami going to show up at his best? Firstly, I'm not saying that he's just because I'm friends with Chris and Seater when Chris worked with him, I thought he looked the sharpest he's ever been. I'll give it. Let's leave it at the sharpest. For the night show at the Olympia, he was the sharpest of falling weak when he won the Arnold Europe. That was the best I thought we've ever seen Rami last year. He was bigger. However, he was not as hard in my mind. And I think a lot of other people's minds, especially from behind. So we know Rami can get lean, but there's a matter of getting him lean enough and full enough at the same time. Obviously, you don't want to flatten someone out. Yes, you can be flat at 285 pounds. Rami comes into flat, even though he might be the biggest competitor up there by 20 pounds. That's still not good. That's not a good look for him. I think hopefully the camera crew over there and Kuwait will find the right formula from this year. I don't think he's in trouble. I think it's a great look to be in 11 weeks out from the Mr. Levy competition. I think he's going to be considered the biggest threat to fill Heath on that stage and fill obviously going for number eight this year. Weather Rami comes in their shape or not. We don't know. Obviously, these photos that get leaked from oxygen and data of a diet himself are selected for a reason. They probably took 4 million pictures. And these are the pictures they want coming out. This is what they want to project. They want to project that Rami's biggest and ever, obviously. And they certainly accomplished that. I hope you guys are enjoying these updates. Make sure you subscribe below and turn on your notifications. I'm Dave Alamba with another RX muscle news update.