What's up, body million fans? Dave Palombo here with another RX muscle news update. Beta Badae leaked a couple more pictures of the Big Ronnie a little more than nine weeks out from the 2018 Mr. Olympia competition. He sent them over to Sid Sid Center, over to me, and I was so impressed by them that I had to just do a little bit of a little update on Ronnie. He potentially is the most exciting guy going into the weekend. Obviously, Phil, he's going for number eight trying to tie the record of Lee Haney, Ronnie Coleman, and then obviously the following year, I'll try to go for the record. But this is a big year at the Olympia Limpia stage, because it seems like this is a number eight is a tough number for people to get past. Guys like Big Ronnie who are lurking out there are just basically waiting to eat you for lunch, okay, if they come in and shape, it's something that's kind of a scary thought, because Phil is not like former Mr. Olympia, is where they were the biggest guys up there and they just dominated. Phil has got other editors that are way bigger than him. So he has to beat these guys on quality and conditioning. Ronnie so far has never showed up in the best that he could be. Even last year when he was second, he still was not his best. When I look at these pictures now from Beta, I'm actually getting excited because I think that Ronnie, assuming there's not 400 filters on this picture, you know, in Tau and Tau, it looks pretty legit. You know, I don't know, maybe the airbrushed is abs. I don't know, I'm just doing. I'm sure there's probably some filters. They got the magic mirror there, but Ronnie's got enormous amount of size. He's got good structure, good shape, his conditioning looks really good. The question is, how is he going to look from behind? One of those glutes in the ham is going to look like, are they going to pop on stage? Are they going to show definition? Is he going to be dry? These pictures would indicate one thing. We don't know, you know, however, if these are accurate pictures or if there's anything being done to them, Tau, you're my creative genius over there. Do these look like they have any kind of filters on them? They look pretty legit. All right, Tau says they look legit. Pretty wrong. They look pretty raw. I'll take it. That means Ronnie's on track to do some serious damage at this year's Olympia. And with only a little over two months to go before the show, now the excitement is picking up. All the stories we're going to hear from different competitors, what they got going on, what they're bringing to the stage, are all going to kind of culminate in that Olympia weekend. And look, I think it's going to be a show down between big Romney and Phil Heath. And there's such different physics, filming smaller, shorter, more proportioned, Romney just being huge muscle mass with good structure, canny bring the finishing. That's the question. We won't know. But you know what? We're going to keep an eye on the big Romney pictures and the big Romney story for the next eight or nine weeks. And if you guys have any updates, you can always send them over to us. Or if you have any little tips on Big Romney sending them over, he certainly under the microscope now. Now can he perform in the liver on game day? We won't know till September for now and day polo and bow. With another RX muscle, news update.