Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA PIDX Road, there's 30 year in a row, and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry. It's a low-car capped hot tart, we've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. We're going to be in LA PIDX Road! We're going to be in LA PIDX Road! Welcome back to legendary foods, Muscle in the morning. On day polo and today is Wednesday, October 7th, 2020. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Ladies and gentlemen, it's October, it's Wednesday, and we've got a huge week ahead of us. But before we jump into next week's action, we need to take a look at what went down at last weekend's Minneapolis Probecene. Bringing home top honors in the open was an emerging star in Gabriella, Muscius, who looked awesome on her way to collecting her first career win. The number two spot went to second year pro Maya, a study, and rounding out the top three was former Junior National Champ, Jennifer St. Peter. Let's move on to the Master's Division where it was all about freedom of Martinez, who racked up another big win in her 43rd show as an IFV athlete. Second place went to Paul Aline and closing out the top three with a strong performance with Katie Michael. Since there was only one show in the dock at last weekend, I thought today would be a good time to do a little looking ahead to what's on deck this coming weekend at the Europa Championships in Alecante, Spain. Some of you may have already seen the official line up for released on Monday by Pro League officials. And just as we expected, this show is absolutely loaded all the way across the board. Not only is every single division going to be represented here, if you look at the list of names, it's a whos who are bodybuilding. This show has all the buzz and feel of a major event like the Arnold Plastic, except the stakes are even higher here since we're talking about having three Olympia qualifications up for grabs, which is unprecedented as far as I know. This is one of the few musty TV events of the season, and whatever happens here will have major ramifications for what happens three runs from now on stage in Planet Hollywood. Obviously, one of the biggest storylines of the weekend heading into this show is Big Rany, who absolutely needs to secure one of the top three spots in the men's open here to qualify for the Olympia. For me, the one burning question I have about Rany heading into this contest, all centers around how important this show is for his place in the hierarchy of bodybuilding. Let's not forget that this year we have Phil Heath entering back into the equation and flex Lewis making his first run at an open title, which means by default two people who are used to be solid top five contenders will be on the outside looking in. And for ramming, not snagging, one of those Olympia qualifications could almost have a domino effect, because now we're not just talking about wearing fits into this year's contest, we're basically looking at this having a ripple effect that extends for years, which could ultimately mean that we've seen the last of his run for a legitimate top three contenders spot. And I get this is all speculative and that's what makes this conversation fun. It's what it is that makes it fascinating, but we won't really know how this whole thing plays out until the dust finally settles. The other part of the equation in the men's open here is the depth at the top of the lineup, which is being headline by the season debut of Rafa Brandeo. In the beginning of the week, Rafa released a pre-show progress photo that was so impressive I think it put him in the pole position in terms of who the public sees as the favourite heading into the contest. In a lot of ways, I think Rafa actually has the most to gain here with a win. Not only does it qualify him for his first career Olympia appearance, but it also legitimizes him as a top ten athlete in the division. The work that Rafa has put in with flex Lewis in his crew down in Florida has been well documented. And behind the scenes, Chris Ascitos has been pulling the right levers and guiding the ship. But that doesn't make this any less of a huge moment. We're all talking about the opportunity for a career defining win against one of the most popular athletes in the last decade. This is a huge deal, and I can see Rafa coming out of this weekend as the biggest winner of the bunch. And that's something we have to wait to find out and see. And that does it, yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning on the Palombo reminding you to always be true to your passions to make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.