Old School Body Building Clothing Company. If it's been three and a half hours since you last ate protein, now you're starting to freak out, you are old school. If watching someone sit on a hammer machine for five minutes between sets playing with their phone, pisses you off, you are definitely old school. OSBBC.com for the hardest training athletes. Also check us out on our donation by the word, all proceedings will go to the wheelchair body building building. With your order. Thank you for checking this out. Take care. Welcome back guys to another edition of After Hour. I'm Dave Alumbo with a skeleton crew here. They'll be joining in shortly though. I got Jimmy to bowl drive and truck, dump some soil, get Mr. G, at the Mr. Pots protein warehouse, bacon cookies, and John Ramile will be joining us shortly. I don't know. Greg Valentino is missing an action. It's really my fault because we're filming an hour early today because my kids are off from school because this supposedly you don't have to have these crazy hurricane. This is what's going to be a hurricane. Now it's downgraded to a tropical storm. It'll probably be some heavy rain but they cancel school so I got to do this early. What's up guys? What's up Dave School? When I have someone, is it some of the school or is it just because, well, because of COVID, my son's doing DPK which is before kindergarten over the summer as like a summer session and then my daughter goes to the daycare they are where they are the same place and then my other daughter is usually in the office and she's going to start in August. But if I have three kids at one time in the office with my wife and I who was processing on the species orders, we had a huge sale this past weekend with like 1,000 orders. We want to blow our brains out so you know. Imagine you have three kids running around, you're where else they're while you're trying to bake cookies. By suddenly climbing in the oven, my daughter would be mixing up stuff, you'd go crazy. Look at you see you're going to a giant any from a pop operation. That's what it's like kids. The kids eat it. Oh, Bob. Oh, there he is. Jimmy. Jimmy, where are you? Is that the big green? I'm in the water. I'm in the water. You can't fucking jump. I take the trout to the plane. Yeah, I was just saying here. The Guadi Airports is a nightmare. Now, I know they've been redoing it. Jimmy, is it still under construction? Oh, are you kidding me? They're going to have to fucking extend years. They're going to have to structure up here. You know, it's funny. About five years ago, they re-did Guadi Airport. It was really nice they made it. And then they decide, you know what, we want to make a new airport terminal. So we're going to build it in the parking lot of the other one. So there's no parking. And they tried driving the trailer. They've stood as fun to find it. It's nuts. And it's right off the Grand Central Parkway. You can see that park. There's no room to do anything. So all you have is massive construction and blockages and the versions and detours. And I don't even know how you can drive that. The stress level is insane there. I'm driving the trail. We think I'm losing weight. I'm sweating. I asked. Before I had to take a shit out of here. It was the port of body over there. And it's a fucking hundred degrees out. I had to pull up. I was stuck in my ass. Come on out in a fucking port of John. I couldn't even breathe in that motherfucker. Yeah. All of blue water was splashing up my ass. It would be that I got into the fucking house. Fucking horrible. Fucking horrible. Yeah, yeah, I love the angle too. It's funny. Look at all the cars you see. Now guys, this is during the middle of the day with this. Everyone's at work. Can now take the cars that you see on that parkway and multiply that times like a hundred. That's rush hour. That's like people start getting out of work at like 3.34 o'clock to like 6 o'clock. It doesn't move because this is no way for anyone to go. God forbid you have to come pick someone up at the airport at that time. You might as well just not come. You know, it's not worth it. Rush out. Rush out. I want to clock. I want to clock and start now. Oh, yeah, you're feeling for good about it. Oh, no, I got to open it. I got to open it. Well, you know, and maybe it's not as bad now because everyone works from home now. No one wants to work in an office anymore, right? Oh, it's bad, bro. Bad. Really bad. So now what are you doing? Are you dumping dirt? I'm just being over there. Yeah, I'm going to demonstrate what I do now. I've got to have photos. Feel it while I'm doing it. So now let me just get this thing. Well, you guys, you guys get to see fresh hair and what I do over here. When I fucking I shit my pants every time I dump this fucking thing. Now give me a. You need to sell the truck, take the dirt from where we're going to pick the dirt up from. I'm going to show you right now. So here's the body of right. Right. That's a little brand new time. It'll all be this. Yeah. Here's the dirt we've been dumped in. Yeah, it's going to. Where are you getting the dirt from though, Jimmy? Oh, we're getting it on base shore. It's all right. You got it dry. You got to drive two hours to base or to pick up one dumb truck worth of dirt. Yeah, dumped trailer. So find some place as to get it. Why can't they drive that into this special? This is, I'm doing a TV show, bro. My buddy, Birder, mama. He makes sure that I don't fucking kill myself when I'm. You've got to hold this thing when I dump it. I want you to go to film. That's special dirt over there. It's got commoner in it. Pigeon shit. And what else is in it, bro? Don't shit, what else is that? Yeah, don't. Pigeon shit fucking, you count this. And it mix it all in in nice and nice. Sometimes I think a shit in it too. So that's all mixed in in nice. And then I use it for planting. Well, over like what? He's saying, we're doing all the planting. Oh, I thought he was for like landfill. Oh, this is for actually like planting. Oh, no. This is for the plant. That's why we got a shit. He's gonna get all the fermentation in there. Like junk those, he's a cook. So we got to get all that in here. And just wait and cheese for a nice and nice. And I'm saying that's funny. So actually, I wonder when a load of dirt costs you think to bring in from Bay Short to look water airport. I'm thinking to 35 yards. That is probably like three, you know, probably three to 500 hours alone. Oh, that sounds so bad, I guess. I've got to open up the gate. You're going to hold your lead. You're beautifying queens. Making a LaGuardia look like it might actually. Oh, yeah. Well, look, we got some cheese over here. Look. I like it. See that nice to cheese out of the barrels. You know, you know, I'm in the bottom of it. I think when they finally finish this terminal, it'll actually pretty nice. See it's power up there. See the tower up there, Dave. Yeah. There watch everything I do. Yeah, bird. Hold that. Yeah, they have much to bullshit. What time I got out of the fucking truck with a, what, what, what, what, what, my hat? And I got a focal to the form. They told me to fuck it. I'm gonna have my hat on. Really? You believe this shit? Wow. Yeah. No, pretty good, Jimmy. No breakdown. All right, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. Look at that. Look at that nice, nice, smells even good. Tilt the net. Who's responsible for? Who's responsible for planting all these plants? Did they have like a landscaping company? Oh, yeah, big company. Yep. That's where I'm working for right now. Yeah. That's awesome. Bird. Bird. That's a very long truck, Jimmy. Oh, yes. To trail of prouders, they know joke. This is part of the fuckers got some weight behind it. The hat, he's got that old fuel. Oh, you're gonna want a bird that's gonna throw me. You're gonna see birds here and how I'm gonna, baby possibly kill myself. How many yards, Jimmy? Is that 20 yards? Yeah, 35 yards. 30 yards, 30. 20? I just get 35 yards, George. 35. Yeah, yeah. Now, if anybody's full out of that back in that truck, Jimmy will cut that part out, all right? Yeah, anything else helps out in the back, please cut it out. Let's go to the Hoosen there. You know, Jimmy often can be in there for all of you though. Oh, he's probably one of these to my pillars. I heard he's in the barren zone. I don't know, one of the pillars in the barren zone. Oh, yeah. Just got some, you know, who knows? Grabbing away the guys. Yeah. I looked at him. I said, oh, can you see me? We're watching, yeah, we're watching. Yeah. Oh, okay. All right, good. Yeah, good. I'm very impressed that your Bluetooth headphones work so well. Oh, yes, but shit man, I paid $135 for this. I was gonna say you know, the radio that Mr. G does and he's sitting right next to his phone. If anybody wants to go to headset, it's called the Blue Park. It's, it goes on one of the epic, but that's what's legal. You can't have two ears closed. I don't want your driving to 12. Yeah, they did the right. I was going to say they should hire you to advertise there their product. It's, uh, you're on the right. I got a black off a little bit. See what happens. Funny how his signal is. The guy's in a Mr. G signal. The guy's in flux with that. Yeah. He's in a car. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I know. So now the whole, the whole truck is on. Okay. All right, baby, here we go. Should I hold back in that truck? See it'll lift up, huh? And dump that? 60 foot in the air. It's motherfucking goes with a full load of dirt. Wow. Crazy. How heavy is that truck with the dirt? Oh, it's about a million. About a million. Maybe it'll like a hundred, twenty thousand in the back. Wow. And that's a truck weighs about $35,000. I guess you know, so yeah, we got some weight here. I could say imagine. Got some weight. Imagine running into something with that truck. If you just go right over it, you know. Up there it goes. You guys get the visual. Yeah. Our cameraman is not focusing on the dirt though. You've got to move over to camera a little bit. Tell him. Oh, look at the trailer. Yeah, we can speak through a bit of English every time. I got to, I got to, hey, Jimmy, there's not a little maybe a stand on it. Oh, I want to see the dirt. You know, there's the stuff that can do it. I want to explain. So what happens is the dirt. Of course, I got an aluminum trailer. The piece of shit. The dirt, the dirt sticks in the fucking smell. I got to get it all the way. Fuck it up. I got to make the sight of the cross in the movie. That the fucking thing don't get fall. You know, some folks are having a fight in the fucking town. There's a blow. There's a blow. Okay, you know, Shane, let's fight. Fuck the dangerous man. Now, what happens when you get to move the truck up a little bit? Because I didn't look at it. Yeah, I saw the dangerous thing now. You got to move the truck up. That's another dangerous thing because if the bro goes out of level, when you got to load up the shit, come by, Charlie. It's over. You know, like that fucking commercial son got Charlie. Some kids play on the back. It's Charlie. Yeah. That's what the fuck that happened. I would love to see you surfing on that. That soil as it's coming down. Right? Wouldn't that be cool? Like with a little surfboard. Yeah, yeah. I could definitely. I did that when they. I mean, Sandy. Sandy. I mean, Sandy came. They had like two stories of sand. Wow. Long Beach. Like up to two blocks. I got washed up. Let me ask you this question, Jimmy. Have any get the dirt in the truck? That's a better question. Oh, pay a load. He's there. He's yellow. I got to run this. I got to run this. Follow the fucking reverse. Get the last to the dirt out. I see. That's pretty good. That's pretty good. I got the fucking. I'm pretty. How do you know if the dirt's actually out of the back of the truck or not? I mean, I can tell you. I got my spot back there, bro. This still some stuff in there. Just in case you need me. I know. I know. I get as questions in a lower than beds of business. You're actually your spotters today. So we can be in spot. Well, I got one spot. I'm having the birth of. You got two spot. You got the whole audience here. But I think. Oh, yeah. A little bit of dirt in there. Yeah. I can't get it out. Bro, it's impossible. Yeah. I give the majority of load. I'm saying. Yeah. Oh, fuck. You can go sell whatever's left to like some little low lady to plant the tomato. Garden or something like that. Thank you, brother. He's your paperwork, brother. I don't care what you think you can burn it on. I don't care what you do with that. Next week. Well, let me see what's in the bag. I don't know if it's fine. Yeah, yeah, for filming. Yeah. It's a little bit of dirt. Not too bad. No. You see that fucking gay thing holding the middle of the trail. Yeah. I did that with the yesterday band. I just don't fucking. So you went in there with the yesterday lady. We're digging out the truth. Oh, and he hurt. He hooked the floor and ripped the floor up. So I got a fucking hole in the floor now. You have a, you have a damaged truck as usual. Let me just shut this door. Bro, just just just cast me shut the gig. All right. Thank you. Or show them how I got to pick my fucking balls from fucking living. I don't know if anyone else. But it seems amusing to me. I'm the muse by what you're doing. So. I get it. Everybody a little look. I want to get the first dead. I got to move the fucking dead. I'll be like this. How many guys are going to wait for something to sit to happen to you? So that you can do bitch. You can play to that and I think that's really what it is. That's really what it is. I got a fucking day like that. Nobody else escaped. Just open up on the bottom. Like a normal person. I got a fucking bottle. I got to break my fucking balls. Everything I do. I'm impressed that you know how to do all this. Did you did someone teach you how to do this? So you just figured it out. Who's that thing? I said, did you have to go to schooling for this or I mean, how do you know how to do all this? I tell you, years ago. I got the license, right? That's it, right? I'm not my brother. I see tomorrow, right? All right, but you didn't want to get it right tomorrow or something. Let me look, check Daniels. You actually come back again tomorrow. Yeah, every week. So you just do what you would do. You run one load per day. Two. So you're going to come back again today. Oh, that's it. You just take it right here. Who's that? Yeah, I think I wouldn't have sworn it down. Well, you did want to come over there. Okay, all right. Look at that. Look at that. I got this view. The worst part of the whole job is driving to LaGuardia. Oh, yeah. Getting it out of here. It's a son of a bitch, man. Let me tell you. Then what would you make for driving this truck, you know, back and forth twice for the day? What did they pay you to drive this truck back and forth for the day? Well, it's union. So you got to buck on the books. Get about four. One hundred a day. Some shit like that. That's good. That's a lot. Yeah. Well, they got to be paying more than 300 load. And he's getting 400 bucks. But that would be okay. Yeah, that's about 400 a day. Maybe a little more actually. Well, if you're getting 400 in the load cost 350, and that's 700 hundred for too long. Oh, that's that. That's what I get paid. That's not what he gets paid. That's what he's paid. That's what he's paid. What is he charging for? What is he charging for? For those loads of dirt. The truck. Well, with the dirt in the truck, it's over $1,000. Yeah. Well, that makes sense. That makes sense. That's a good deal. Yeah. It's a pretty good deal. I got to get on this fucking gray stuff to buck for you over here. That's another fucking thing. Now, if you were in Florida running these these, I got to fuck the Mario and tell you over here. Go on this motherfucker. Nobody's done his bitch. Now, Jimmy, this is what maybe you should do. I don't know what you're doing. I don't know what you're doing. I paid. I think we've paid like $200. I think a truck load for some dirt to fill my house that. In Florida when they built houses, they got to, they got to have dirt delivered to build them up higher. So the water runs off. If you had a little truck, you got a little business going. You probably make a lot of money down here in Florida. They're building left and right. You know how to do it. Yeah, you gotta get the, yeah, you gotta get the thumb trellas. Those are the thumb trellas. Make the most money, you know? Yeah. You have to realize it. I paid, you know what I mean? I mean, I think it was $250 per load. Think about how much money I paid. I mean, that's one person, one property. You know, so you can make some good cash if you did that down here, you know? Oh, yeah, definitely, right? I like the sound like the thing is, you know, like, keep it over here in New York. There's a lot of money. I mean, I like the sound like the thing is, you know, like, keep it over here in New York. There's a lot of people who can't get the A license for the fucking drug addicts. Right. It's not really hard to get an A license. You know, you're driving in Florida. You know, there's no little Guardie airport here. The driving is so easy. You'd be like, this is a breeze, you know? It would you would enjoy it, actually. Okay, here's the pocket. Look. Yeah. That's the grand social right there. Yeah. No. It's quiet. It's quiet right now. No, that's not. It's funny. You're in the clear. No, no, no, no, come in up on the story of Boulevard. You guys take the law and express. Get out, probably. Get out. Get out. Look, what are you? You got to take the express. Oh, you, okay. And New York, you can't take the parkway with the truck. You got to get on the expressway. Oh, no. No. Well, the cleav you, you can. The cleav you, the expressway. But no, you can't take, yeah. You can't take no parkways. They're going to take the back road. The story of Boulevard. Didn't wash street. Oh, these fucking bad 94, it's free 82nd, every, and all these fucking, and this, this tight hurt. How do you do that? You just know where you going? I think we're welcome. All right, let me, let me go to Georgia anyway. Georgia, I want to talk about the last week you called off the Big Liney fight. You said you didn't want to hurt him. And I knew this was going to be a, I knew this was going to be a bad idea for you to do. I knew they were going to come back and Lenny came back with it with a vengeance. with the vengeance with a video and message to you. Let's play this video clip. George, are you there right? Yeah, okay, all right. I can't play the big-line clip, hold on. I'm going to kick you my legs, feel up. You know, it was a total of 10 seconds. Big-line, he's back in training now. He's planted the fight. You, he says, you know, he's calling you a complete moron again and he's, he's trying to, you know, boss, fire up the rivalry. The moron stuff, that doesn't bother his butt. He's the same. My prox have arse thinking of, yeah. That's trying to irritate you now, that's all. With that told with it, but you know, that's, that's over the whole thing. Everyone knows it's but everyone knows it's bullshit, but you know what? I just want to say, he's obviously trying to antagonize you, which is obviously he wants to fight you. I mean, since you're going to go, there's no more mercy, right? I mean, it's a copercut. No mercy. So what happened is Rob said, I said, Rob, Rob Zillard. I spoke, I spoke, I spoke, the Rick, Rick, and with all the fighters, we were speaking, you know, because Rick fights, guy can't, guys not training, guy can't even take it, kick, he harms bad. Just one kick. You don't know that. He obviously feels that you're being, you know, that you're, maybe you're trying to, you're trying to get out of the fight. Then we, well, because they weren't posting, then I decided we'll do a box of match. So this way, can't really get hurt. And then then when I said that Rob said he had pneumonia. Well, people get pneumonia. I mean, people get sick. Well, I told you, Lenny was going to get sick. He's not going to be down for the hope for three months. He got three months of this fight. Yeah. But if he has the moly, he's not going to, the moly is to sit. I mean, yeah, well, he's out of the, he's already done. I mean, he took his antibiotics and he's to feel good. So I mean, he's back in training. Yeah, well, please. Now, that now it's, it's back on. So the fights back on officially. Yeah, now they're, they're like, two fucking assholes. They, they haven't created anything to hope fucking life. And they try to destroy somebody's a business. This is exactly like they fight against the rise on the school. You see, I agree you are right now. I think that's the, I think the idea was to get you angry. It's because he's like they did that. I'm not, it's, they're cowards. What they did is cowardly. You know, we told them how to promote the fight to very beginning to do stuff. And he never did. And then once, once, once I said, you got it, then he started doing things. Yeah, but I think there, from what I watched in their video, I think they feel like, well, it's three months away. You know, what, we're going to promote it. But it's not, it's still a long way off. So, you know, we'll, we'll, we'll mention it here and there, but we're not going to go crazy on promoting to get closer, because then people kind of lose interest. They asked me, Rob was always concerned about letting it get, they wanted the quarry of the, oh really. I think it would be better for this quarry. Perfect, personally, but you want to, I'm a book, I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not, it's not WWE. I didn't do it. This is, it's not what the, why I did in the beginning. Right. The very first thing was to got this, I lost it up. Number one reason. Yeah. You got these, these pumps online that that's saying shit about people's businesses to try to get, you know, rolling their companies. Right. And you got to stand up to them. No, that's the bottom line. So the fight's on and you, I, you, I, you, of the mindset now, I don't know what the parts of the whole line. Why, why, why, why, why, why, why, it knows your strategies. Is it, is it a no mercy strategy? You're going to take them out as quick as possible as that is that your, your fight strategy. That's what they're like, but they don't want, they don't want once, once explosive and entertaining, right, not stop, you know, either either either the old five, five minute rounds of like non stop action back, book or you come out and I annihilate the person. Yes. You're going to try to annihilate them. I'm annihilate them. Okay. You're trying to take you away everything I worked my whole life for. I'm going to, I want to annihilate them. Now, when I was looking at that, at that, him punching that bag, it looked like he was almost like hitting it with like the, like he wasn't really hitting it, right? I don't know. He was like, it looked like he was doing this. No one, he can't hold his hands up to protect his face because his shoulders were can't go up like this when they met me in person. They didn't realize how strong I was and how big I was because I'm in the, I'm in the most shittiest sliding you can imagine. A little puppet when they saw me in person and it is, it's just like you're just all too. People will realize you're over six foot, you know, so you're impressive. It's like Chuck's you know and Charlie Alarm's, you know, you didn't see him in person, you beat them in person. Yeah. And you know, you're with a real world. Well, I got new to you. You're no Chuck's you know Charlie Alarm's, but you're definitely dangerous though. Those guys did, let's put that for Joe, I wanted to just analyze Lenny's punching skills and there are black I'm skills, maybe. Let's see, let's watch this again. Yeah, hold on. Yeah, I don't know what this any, any, any power behind those punches, but you don't a lot of weight behind himself. Yeah, everyone is first of all I spun, everyone in his punches I would knock down. Right, are you knocking right down? Yeah. It's a joke. You know I'm telling you right now, with over 300 pounds, you know, behind him, so there is some power behind that. I gotta play devil's advocate here otherwise I'm gonna win the game I've put in day once a last I fight every day right I get my I get my teeth knocked in I get my arms pulled out I get punched kicked yo people laying on top of me that have skill that have been finding the whole life let's let's look at this from a person let's let's let's assume let me let me let me give you a scenario obviously when he's got a little bit of power behind him we know he's got bad shoulder's never like that but he's got some power he's got some size mine let's say he he clocks you would it would it would have punched like a lucky punch okay can you take a punch you think from Lenny are you have you built up that kind of resistance yeah I can smash all the time I'm like a first of all I fight like I fight like Rocky I take my shot in other words yeah I go right yeah I'm dead yeah you're not gonna I already have it well he doesn't know this look if you asked them alright to tell a truth when he tried to push me and I stood there I could have pushed him right the fuck over really yeah no skill you can't go in and in a fight fight without any skill whatsoever especially in an MMA fight you can't even punch the big one in 10 seconds well yeah I was I I think that uh he's serious though about fighting you I don't I don't think he's like just playing along you know I think he really wants to get in the ring I don't know what's gonna happen but you know I I I'm gonna have I'm gonna choke them out on barm kick his legs out I'm gonna destroy him he I I don't can't what you do okay stand your feet can you do it from your feet boxing I'd like to it's more exciting when someone gets knocked out like what a punch you know he's going like this yeah he's swinging like this down he like yeah I don't want to see an arm bar and he's like that's boring I was just step by step this ball as he's doing it yeah I do it I do it I do it ankle kick right there's like that's boring now once he's on this back he's like a turtle he's not gonna be able to turn over bitch they it's a come I kick his ankle and then I come with all the right down he's chin I boom can you guys can talk to better strategy I want to see a knockout punch I don't want to really no one wants to see a knock him on his back it's that's gonna be boring you know I'm not listen I get him when I get I'm gonna take him down but when I when I get him on bar I'm not gonna arm bar I'm gonna stand up and tell him to get the fuck back up when I not be able to get off that's the problem what what are you gonna do let's them off the canvas oh yeah yeah oh he lost to get up what if you any stays out they're gonna work till he gets up now you just take him out with a punch if you're gonna do it so then at least it's we can we can play it in slow motion over and over we can see his face like oh I'm training I'm I'm training I'm most of memory when someone hit when I get kicked in punch who could we get there is the fight off we got to have someone ringside in case you know someone gets hurt I don't get things but Dave my brothers and Bob that we listen first but oh no we're John I need John with your brother first of all I'm sending the whole thing up these guys aren't paying for nothing it's in the course like like 12 15 grand a set this whole fight up they're not they're not giving any money in that you're gonna want what what do you what hold on what are you spending money on here they're to pay for the place got paid for the doctor right gonna gonna get can we get a celebrity doctor like the victim press or someone like that so that you know the at least it's like you know related to our our industry yeah we could you could have you could you could have some find somebody I mean now we start promoting you know that's not the press he'd love to come to this thing problem yeah and if he had a bloody tears that he muscles or he though that he could repair them too you know because he's a North and Beat Exeter listen he's making a money he's not only that he's making a mock yeah at an MMA fighting that's what he's doing you understand so I represent what I'm going in training at one of the top MMA places training places around and I can't go in there and show any of the any other skills that show every skill that I've learned in there you know he thinks he thinks that you don't need to train the fight that you can just walk in lifting weights and just fight right that's not how it works of course not but but it's still interesting though the whole thing I I'm I'm I'm the muse by the the whole I'm glad it late I thought lady was gonna silently go away but he didn't he he came back with an engine to you so that's that's good that's that's good for sales of the ticket sales not that you're selling any tickets but how are we gonna watch this thing I want to do well I don't think you didn't pay from you I need you to do for free I need you to do it for free I'll tell you why we didn't we do it for free and get it's fast it's because we're having a million people watching so that's how you tell me more it's gonna be you'll have a hundred thousand probably who will eventually watch but what's gonna happen you don't someone there if you need people there with their phone live streaming it on their phone so your might as well do a real live stream and with good quality so people will just watch that you know who's going to live stream you're gonna we can all send Tyler there you can do it we can as long as we have a just make sure we have a wife I and the gym that's good enough so that we have to get they have to they have they do so they have two cameras now so we can bring our we can bring a computer something like that and stream it through the computer something like that yeah but this this thing is gonna get names of you know where is an area holding this thing again in in Orlando yeah I've the sports flat flex the land of it's 20 minutes so it's sweet thing it we think I think is that people from around the world have become into the Olympia yeah well do it on status between twelve and six you're crazy you're crazy no one's gonna go because yeah you're gonna people gonna be too excited about the Olympia you're gonna lose an audience I'm telling you you cannot do it at the Olympia it's the dumbest idea of all time it's between twelve and six we're gonna have a double amount look you know when we would go to the Olympia the Arnold we're running around like maniac and then when you have a little bit of downtime you got to eat and get ready to go out again for the next that it's not I was trying to jam it in down telling you you're gonna you well the guys went to the fights Jimmy Jimmy and Jimmy the bull and all those guys went to the fights that you stuck to a steep fight you know it's two people who work the body building fans and not gonna watch it because they're gonna be at the Olympia you're jamming it into a weekend that's already got too much going on and you're gonna be an afterthought I'm telling you this should be a it's own weekend because people will will watch it because it's just just just just to see what happens I don't know if they're that excited about it but they want to see what's gonna happen you know get Dave get the sponsors and because it'll have things you know I don't think anyone in their right mind with sponsors but but but I think it it'll be absolutely amusing for the top of the day and then pay review yeah I'm gonna pay to see if because someone will be there with a phone live streaming it you're not gonna be released that we will let them you're not gonna be able to police it's someone will be there or what will happen is someone will grab the live stream and they'll put it up right after the live stream's over on the computer because they'll tape it off the computer so you're not gonna it's not gonna be you're not gonna get them to the live viewers it's same thing with the Olympia they can do the same thing with the Olympia they do and they do all the time people stream it to their Instagram you know yeah I'm at the but look I'm not gonna go trouble for doing that no no at the fights at the fights they have people walking around making the people to the right you know if you live stream it someone at home will tape it it's only gonna take it it's gonna be two minutes right as soon as you're done they're gonna put it up on there on on the on their on their YouTube channel and then it's gonna get a million hits on those YouTube channels because no one's been sick that's well that's my point and why wouldn't spot the one spots right it was gonna be a residual they absolutely done either what are you there okay yeah yeah are you listening to all this I am would you explain to him why no one's gonna pay pay for you for this fight I'm gonna go to the second okay you're only gonna be able to get measurable metrics if you do a real a real view and you're not gonna get that if people are operating it so there's no way there's no way his brothers involved in a John what his brothers involved now robbing oh Bobby smells yeah yeah cuz he's like Mr. Crab's on SpongeBob he sees money this is just invented by the big of a million dollars on this fight how much if they think they gonna make a million dollars what are you paying big lady by the way for all this since he's participating in this we're giving him we're giving him 200 tickets right and then whatever whenever comes up because I'm doing it you gotta give him a percentage of the of the gate don't you think I mean he is with the talent here yeah gale gale gale gale get five or ten percent all right well you better make a better get a contract written up is you're gonna get a tickets to take a chance to take a chance to take a chance you can't you gotta give him something you got no one by a ticket no one's gonna buy tickets they're gonna watch it for free no one is buying tickets the only you can't use the Olympia as an example because the Olympia puts on a paper you with commentary right okay you got you got you got you got at you've got commentary you've got people talking about you know gonna have some videos and so if you got a whole set of comments you got you're not getting any comments who's commentating Marco Antonio Barrara you have been raised wait you know of John don't you look Marco I'll get Marco to come do the thing is the thing is this fight is gonna last 12 and a half seconds okay and I'm being generous all right so so you're only gonna get you're only gonna get excited me if it goes like the distance and it's not gonna happen be Lenny's gonna fucking die within the first 10 seconds so you don't you don't have an appointment Tyler but that's the problem George he is you don't have a real opponent this guy is John let's watch the clip again let's get let's get pumped up again hold on yeah right watch this he's not it's not it's not the way it's the fact that I can walk up there and take them a sharpie and rightly initials on his cheek right now he's wide open he's just started trading for the fight John give him a break he's a fucking coward fuck that's why he says cookie cut that's he says he doesn't want to die that's why he's stomach he's that big he's a coward that's why that's why they're trying to tear down my business and we'll fire them you think in it life him and fucking rock okay so now we're on a completely different deal I got about Mr. Jesus fired on you it worked Lenny did it with Lenny's video worked right the balls are trained that's why it's he's that's why he says cookie cut up because yeah I don't want to fucking die and go out of strict diets and sacrifice the suffer so I'm gonna say I'm not like a cookie cut it so I'm coming like a fat fuck just like the fight I don't have the train fight and then I'm got guys who train fan of me are pussy yeah we're gonna see Lenny what a pussy's like maybe playing possum John maybe he's just not Mr. G think that he's not training just right I think he's just doing his best butterbeen and Tim in person I don't care what he does I don't care what he does this is about this is like picky wood going in for the championship no it's not it's Georgie Georgie it's not it's alright this is like this is like Bruce Lee going against P. We Hermit but when he's not jerking off in an an actuated movement all right this is not a contest if you if you if you are if you had a worthy opponent this would be a different story you don't have an opponent you're going up against a piece of glass this is in my business online and then like okay then if that's what you want to accomplish then go find them walk up to him with somebody video and toss some of beating don't make this whole fight down this way better John I don't I disagree with it it's a way better whole fighting is a far I think we got to get Victor Priskin here is the doctor know that they bring side to doctor though he's already presided one over one death at the Olympia or that's not but you don't want to you don't want to put that on him I think who's now who's going to be the referee because if there is a big landing or you get in trouble you know we you guys are not young guys we got to stop this fight you can't you know we don't want any apparently Lee priest is doing everything he's working to corner he's resting he's doing it virtually though John we need to do it every please the referee from Australia we need like bojax and we erase his cause you work out you've already can't get rose we he's the man hook it we get his guess referee we need to guess referee I don't want like a regular guy who can we get John oh yeah I'm Charlie arms yeah I'm about maybe Ricky maybe get Ricky Ricky there's a good Ricky would be perfect definitely come on the right height too Ricky and you Ricky fit yeah yeah Ricky Ricky said he's wrong we did want you 22 miles on his right you mean it but actually Jimmy to bull yeah but Jimmy does Jimmy does another rules though I think that I think Ricky fights Ricky fights the man I'm Ricky fights Jimmy work you're Jimmy work you're cornered in yeah no Jimmy why don't you guys to be there so everyone to come meet you will come meet the laptop yeah hang out the sponsors come there and have their stuff so what's what Bobby Small's gotten what's his his business model behind this whole thing what's going on I want some trash hey Greg you guys game it up till you you guys started really early I didn't know because yeah my kids are here we have a tropical storm they cancel school so I got to get you if I would know tonight I was you don't look at my know it's not even raining yet right Dave's no yeah I know it's been raining but it's not it's nothing that it's gonna be like a typical Florida that play you know it's like a 90 clip oh I want Mr. Greg to see the big one he clip I don't know if he's sort play the big one he clip we got to watch this again again it's I love it I can watch it I watch it all day long I love it I hope he makes another one I mean don't what are those those are punches I'm trying to figure out what's happening he's actually got to be sent hands to you even though he's not really does any terrible day I'm telling you I kind of wanted to say that fast now hey he's only moving to this far yeah that right doing this definitely like he's playing rock and sock and roll by exactly what the hell is he doing he's like I kind of wanted those reducing machine he's really gonna go through this yeah he's he's called out Mr. G again called again complete more on are you serious yeah if not if but Greg it's not that he's they said my my my prox I got them sick and I have my prox I have arstic in them and that's what that's what that's what has to stop why would you waste money on arstic yeah they do have steroids and I'm sending you guys want to check it out so now you're pissed and now even if he puts his hands up like this it's gonna be like the little rascals you know what I mean it to fuck and put the hands up you'd be having like even from the curtains you'd be punching him and shit he's making a mock we had a fighting on you on YouTube like like fighters don't have to like you don't have to train to fight and that's and every fight you know that's it that's his little lanye stick you know to kind of get you guys all fired up a little bit you can not train you if I'm lady I don't want to get you fired up I would you know nobody could fight a train fighter somebody who train I don't care even a best street fighter bad ass dude let me taste them they can't last a 22nd fight seems like an hour when you're in a fight I said before you got on this fight is not lasting 12 and a half seconds so so it's it but my point was to all of this hype about paper view and where are you gonna watch it if you sneeze you're gonna miss this fight yeah so you might you might actually break Jorge Masspedal you might break his fucking record yes I think it's three seconds right we need like multiple cameras instead of we we can analyze the the knockout or whatever happened yeah because we're gonna we're gonna endlessly analyze four seconds of footing I want to see you know punch to the face I want to see like face exploding I hope I yeah we got to film it with a high speed camera so it's really not dangerous to lanye because I don't think he's got a last long enough to really get hurt do you know because Jorge's gonna hit him yeah if Jorge hits him okay would have fist anywhere in his face disguised done unless lanye could take a punch we don't know you bones break George he's strong his fuck there's no way there's no way there's no way lanye is gonna survive what was that every test you cover up your face he's gonna go like this you know George he's gonna do George he's gonna be hitting the belly he's gonna punch himself into face what if he plays the the form in ropedo you know no he's Ralph Cramden that was he's being clipped George he just hands and not like that he's not wearing a mouthpiece he's gonna have to wear a mouthpiece when he fights so he's not training with a mouthpiece right now yeah again it's it takes you breathing it's 50% less breathing John knows so I wear my mouthpiece all the time I went I went right away last time for an hour and 15 minutes on the sand pulling a 250 pound pound with my mouthpiece in you know Jorge thank you're ready to fight carnima Gregor that would be a much better payday for you George I think you could fight carnima Gregor now I think you're ready to challenge a broken hole to a fight that would not a George no I mean I'm proud of him he knew what it is he's not like one of these guys because he knows he could probably just sleep a beer fucking he had hot dog strike beer go to bed each night get fat and go in there it's still fucking knock a motherfucker out but he's not doing it he's actually taking it like he's fighting my Tyson you know he should he's wise will be the UFC championship of the world and that's that's what I'm finally I'm not looking at Lenny I'm looking at Lenny as as if he's a champion I'm not looking at him as Lenny so I'm treating as he he's gonna try and kill he killed me and I can't let that happen I got a rap this thing up and I wanted to say I and I'm sorry guys like once again I miscommunicated because we the kids with cancel school but I wanted to try to get this thing changed I don't think it should be on the Libya weekend I think you're ready yes let's say you're a tone weekend okay let's work let's stay let's work on the date then okay okay can we fly what we should make it we should make it Easter now it's Easter pastor ready what are you talking about next next now we're not going to next year now Halloween Halloween Halloween Halloween's not a bad idea but let's do it close to you right here do it in both do it in both are over there because this way you guys are all close to each other I can drive across alligator allie it's not that long far from you I don't want to go to Orlando it's a fucking nightmare there let's do it in bokeh area find a gym there and that's the best way to do it well they have American top team is there alright that's fine I'll end yeah I gotta probably would have gym in bokeh why can't you but why can't we do it like an RX muscle event where we are yes like when we actually make it like a little X-bow our own little X-bow like Bruce versus Tyler Kevin for shows going on on the camera what's that Tyler said we can live stream it easily with multiple cameras you can do it no I don't mean just we should but like you put something interesting what I mean something something some show of hotest answer I mean the Momo meet us fucking yeah we get a little more I'm not absolutely with babes with a few things you know that's it I get a protein I'm gonna be booty you need girls I'll take yeah I grew that well hey well Mr. Mrs. RX muscle no you need pole dancing yeah he was triple con got to get Jack win going from big lighting we want to be here wet t-shirt on you need out the biggest hits contest you gotta have something like that all right we gotta see my little life Georgian big landing well teacher there you go you do many people would come just to sit and talk with us guys and and right before being able to sit down and ask Jimmy to pull you know a fucking crazy question look at this line except it'll be over and and and all the questions have to be delivered by bitches would big tension wet you know what's funny no I bring a little part with the question on it no like walk like what were like oh we're not all the way to hand the question to Greg and then Greg's got to read the question no show read the question to Greg so say like Joe from Pittsburgh wants to know how big your arms were at the biggest and then you'll get to answer her and then she'll walk off stage would have what a thong on and then that'll be interesting we just want to go go I just want to go to the craft I was thinking about that because I was thinking about having our explosive barbecue all the fans coming hang out with us you know but this is exactly what's all right put together package yes we're gonna get to girls you've got to have girls we don't have girls this is not gonna know it doesn't have no one cares they just want to see these two guys be the girl you need ring girls you need I think don't you not your granny's not for now I think yes yes yes you I love you get you get emails all the time all this though the people would love to come hang out I think that's what the energy of getting the the the the trainees for big line E for the ring girls and that would make it much more entertaining to get where I could I could we do it when I did with MD like the RX barbecue why could we have a barbecue after the barbecue we had a question and answer we'll leave for it and what's the day Eugene mission and fucking and Mellie Mellie had there I'd always people I did all the MC I did the question answer people were crazy they loved it you know I mean usually pretty sit right there answering the most fucked up questions right I mean he's a lot of that cuz we're the characters we're not like he said the fucking body brothers we do have these interviews we're interviewing the diet what they're on the America championship and he said well you know it's really hard for us and people sit there and then you know you know it's Joe Martin arts and you're like who the fuck is this guy on our X this week you know wake him good you know you just wanted North America pro how do you feel you know really you know you're gonna go for the real work on the details of it I got to wrap this up my kids are getting a revunkest in the other room and they're starting to destroy shit so we'll work on the details I think this is a better idea reach out to big lightning George so you make sure that you got we all coordinate all this stuff with them as well for now though guys we're out of time thank you guys for joining us as always and let's take us out with a little what do you got that George you got any promos going on yeah well got thank you vets okay all right this is the last group of cats you know I haven't got any cookies from you recently but that's okay that's more important I know you'll get him at the orange barbatch right I'm not gonna be cooking for three weeks to try to get enough cooking if you know the veteran the marine vet wants to fight Rob Zilly I get I sent you a 60 second tape oh yeah well yeah and that's up to Rob he'll have to determine that I don't really care I only want to see you in big lighting fight to be honest with you so we'll make it happen guys that's what we get to love you all love you damn love you guys bye