Welcome back to live with Brought You By Species Nutrition. Visit speciesnutrition.com. I'm Dave Palombo and today's guest is Becchi Superstar, I have to be pro Natasha Coleman. Welcome. You don't know what it is. Hello, guys. We've got a little bit of a delay, but we'll make it work. Now Natasha, you've had a quite a run this season. You've had first places, second places, third places. You've really been doing your work. A lot of competitors don't want to compete a lot these days. You've done over four shows already this year. You won in the year. You were second just two weeks ago. You're like the new flavor of the month in the Becchi division. You've been really establishing yourself as someone that's going to be very dangerous come a limpia time. Talk to us a little bit about the process, getting to this point in time where you are now. It's been an interesting ride because I build muscle very fast and in Becchiene they don't want that kind of muscle. First say, so I've had to find where my balance is on my particular body. It's been a while to actually kind of get my package together and I don't think I've actually fine tuned it quite yet, but come time for the Olympia. I think I'm going to kind of reveal something special and I'm really excited about it. Now, you have a very athletic look to you. You look like you can get out there and run hurdles and you can play volleyball, field hot, you can do anything. It looks like that. That team is a good look for the bikini division. Someone who looks like they're actually a functional athlete, not just a pretty body. Right, yeah. I re-entract in high school to shop put in high school. I didn't feel in high school. I was very, very active in sports. I think that they're going, they're starting to move more towards this athletic look, which I think is better. I think when bikini first started, it was little girls who just were cute and kind of had a little bit of abs going on, but not too much. Now it seems they're definitely welcoming more muscle. They're obviously they don't want the level of muscle. You would see the figure division, but they're definitely accepting of more muscle. If it looks athletic. Yeah, it does definitely seem that way for sure. And that obviously works to your advantage, because that just comes naturally to you. I mean, that's not something you have to work at. You go to the gym, you just project athleticism. Obviously, you're watching you here and you're in your species nutrition, which I do want to say that you're one of our athletes and I'm very proud of you and what you've accomplished this year. So I want to put that out there right off the bat. Thank you. What would you say, Brad? Oh, yeah. No, you're an excellent representative. Let me just ask you this though. What do you think that how can bikini, the bikini division get a more definitive criteria for what the judge is looking for? It seems like from show to show you see different judging of different betas. And it's not really consistent across the board. Would you like to see a more consistent judging of the division? Oh, sure. I think everyone would appreciate a more consistent look. And I think it's difficult because there are so many different shades when it comes to women. And how their weight is distributed per height. Women who have very small weights and whites at hips, you have very short women who are very compact, short torso versus long torso, long legs versus shorter legs. I just, everybody has a different look. And I think when it comes to consistency in bikini, I think a lot of us want more consistency. But it's just, I feel like it's difficult because someone look with abs and someone with like figure with abs if that makes any sense. Yeah, no, no. We'll watch some video here from the Greater Gulf States where the top three, all of you girls looked, you look like sisters all of you. I mean, you were very well matched up, which I thought was unusual. Usually you don't see a top three that is that close. Personally, I thought you should have won, but it was very close so you can't really complain about how did you feel that competition went and did you think that you deserve the win there? You know, that show was really stacked. I think we all come to win. Obviously, you know, we don't die at and train and do cardio for a second. And anyone who does shouldn't be in the sport. I think we all have a certain level of confidence and I think that all kind of it's on stage. I definitely feel out of the three. I feel like I was from most balance. But I was also the most soft. It makes any sense. Marcia was a little harder. She has a very tight waist. She's a very good competitor. She's been consistent for this year for sure. I mean, she's won three consecutive shows backed back. Back. So, you know, obviously I came to win. I wanted to win for sure. Definitely. No. It's didn't work out that way. Yeah. You know, it's interesting. The way the bikini division works is your lot of people don't realize it's just winning a show is not enough to qualify you for the Olympia because there's so many bikini events they made a new point system that obviously you get a win. You get a lot more points than if you get a second, third, fourth or fifth. But you still have winning one show might not qualify you for the Olympia. And that's why a lot of people might want to be wondering why you're doing a lot of these shows. Yeah. Obviously, now with all the seconds and third you have you probably have more than enough points to make it to the Olympia stage. Do you like the new system? They are pros and cons to it. The pro is you don't get a winner out of a week's show that goes to the Olympia and that's a place. The cause of this system I feel like the points should be a little bit more steep. I also feel like you run the risk of these competitors tiring themselves out before the Olympia and then looking like crap on stage or you run the risk of creating these eating disorders that something is being held straight. It's kind of scary to think that someone's willing to put their health at risk and be keen for sure to get to the O stage. Why do you think that you're seeing a eating disorder behavior? Have you talked to girls that actually told you that? I'm bingeing and throwing up or anything like that. I don't know anyone who's necessarily throwing up, I shouldn't say that. But it creates this body to some more fear. It's the most in the community because you go from this extreme because you have to be lean and tight. You have to be small on stage because the camera adds to the 15 pounds to you or you're standing next to someone who looks better at the winner. But your body is being criteria for the community. That makes any sense. We're constantly pushing ourselves to the max and finally get to the Olympia stage. It's the big stage to be on and your body is tired and everyone can see it. I think trying to figure out a strategy for each person individually is something that's very important for people. I don't think that doing 12 shows is smart to try and get into the Olympia. If you do 12 shows, you don't need to go to the Olympia. You're not going to get to the Olympia. You're not responding anymore. People can say all they want about bikini doesn't need to be as hard as bodybuild but it doesn't matter. If you do too much of anything, too much dieting all your around, your body just is sharp at you into the year. I do relate to that. But at the same time, I think it's important that we don't have 600 people in the Olympia line up because it should be the elite of the elite. How do you break it down? How do you say to yourself, okay, these are the best. That's gross, but the other girls can't come, you know? Yeah, I think that in that sense, the point system is great. It narrows it down for sure. I think taking away more shows and I hate to see this. I hate to see it. Taking away more shows and making it more difficult and looking at, you know, making it more fun is what I'm going to fight. I mean, we fight, but if you take away half of the shows even from this year, you only have the top people winning. I'm all of for it. I think there's only 10 girls at the Olympia personally. That's always my, you know, I say with the guy, it should be 10 people. I'd say 10, top 10 in the world go to the Olympia. And that's it. And it would be so much more interesting if you're only judging 10 people, you know? But maybe they should have a qualifier. I always said, maybe halfway through the year, they should actually hold some kind of a qualifier that, you know, qualifies you for the Olympia. I don't know. There's got to be a better way to do it. There's gotta be a way, there's gotta be a way, because even this year, there's still going to be less. 32, 36 girls. I know. I know. It's crazy. It's crazy. I don't know. Did the bikini competitors, I can see the body goes, we, you know, we go back and forth. And I especially on Instagram, they used to break each other's balls and, you know, they, you know, argue with each other and they make fun of each other. Did the bikini girls do that with each other? Oh, thanks so. No. Not, not because I know of, you know, you have your people who are, who want to be who they want to be or whatever, but I don't think we, at least the mature bikini competitors, I don't think that we go out of our way to, you know, make a big, blue blot. It's just like, oh, that's just who she is. Okay. And then we keep going. You know, it's not, I don't think it's necessary. It, um, it wouldn't make it interesting. Yeah. But I feel like women have a heart and up, you know, so why add to it? Now, obviously, having the physique that you have in the, in the great, genetic athletics, would you have a consider moving up to figure the figure division and trying your hat there or, or is the key, something that you can, you really love to do? Bigger is very competitive, too. Like, I would have to take several years off to, to be competitive and figure. I think figures good. I think I think the top women in figure are, uh, I think they are so loves it, a love of choice. So they are, um, they, I think the great representatives of this, of that division for sure. What, what are you way on stage and what's your height? Um, this last show I was 115. Um, and I'm, I'm 53 and 3 quarters. Okay. And what was the say, a comparable figure competitive of that height would weigh at this point in time? Going into the Olympia or just on stage. Yeah, in the Olympia, like what? In general. What are those girls' land? How much more? 10 pounds more? 15? I would think, I would think 15 to 20 pounds at least, yeah. So that's the thing that they get an out of muscle. Just because, you know, yeah, it's, it's a, it's a thicker amount of muscle, you know, um, and then depending on the age and the muscle maturity. I mean, there are a lot of factors that go into it. Of course, the posing, like, huge, you know, part and head. But um, yeah, I would think that they would weigh, my office is in late on stage. Yeah, sure. You work for a law firm now. You have a real job. Congratulations on that. None of these people do. Uh, thanks. Where do you see yourself, what do you see the future for yourself being in the cany? I mean, what would you like to do in the cany? And do you see yourself changing professions or, or do you like what you do in this, is, is bikini kind of like a hobby with you? Um, I mean, obviously, I would like something to come up with for sure. Um, I like reaching out to people, like helping people, um, especially reach their goals, their body composition goals. Um, I like inspiring people to do better, um, or at least to me help your decisions. Not like that saving lives or anything. Um, but I would, I would love to be able to jump the world and represent a company and, you know, just be interactive with with people who kind of want to do the same thing that I do that makes an instance. Did you have you struggled with eating, uh, disorder behavior from the past? Not eating disorder, for say, um, I didn't have a healthy relationship with food. Um, before I even gotten to bodybuilding, you know, they, they, you know, what was the, the big thing ten years ago, the high hydroxy cut, was it? Yeah. Um, so yeah, I was young. I was dumb. You know, I would pop those pills or whatever and not eat the night would drink on the weekends. You know, so it was just a very unhealthy relationship with food. Um, I never had a disorder per se, but it was always, you know, eat less, eat less, and do a cardio. And now it's sort of just flipped, um, with this whole, the key, the key, the competition and, you know, competing and then it's like that. And I have such a healthier relationship with food. Um, and, you know, it's, it's, it's been great for me, but for some people, it, it, it is a great for them. You know, I know you're saying this. Mental has to be there. Sure. I guess I, I know when I was a long distance runner, I had a terrible relationship with food that would start myself. So I wanted to lose weight because, you know, your, your lighter, your run faster. And when I actually got the body building, it actually cured it because you're right. Body building is the opposite. It's like you have to eat five, six times a day, and you can't miss meals. And all of a sudden, I wasn't starving anymore. And so it took the edge off, and I actually, and I actually booked better, obviously when I was eating right foods, and I was eating more frequently. So the, the whole competition, you know, bikini, figure whatever you want to call the division of your interests. And it really does help eating disorder and behavior because it's so structured and you're not really limiting the food you're eating, then I think it, it, it actually makes it healthy. And obviously the contest diet, you can get a little crazy. But the rest of the year, you have to admit it is a much more healthy way of thinking about food. Oh, sure. Oh, 100%. I, I feel that thing. 100%. Yeah. Now, you were obviously, you were also used a lot of supplements. You know, use our whole species nutrition line of products. You represent us. How important is it to you incorporate nutritional supplements and some, and protein powder stuff like that into your regimen? How does that work? Is it, is it, is it an important add-on for you? Or do you like to stick to main foods? What's your, what's your philosophy on that? Um, I obviously, I'm going to want more food. But I do, I do take a multi, I do, especially when I'm transitioning from off season into my prep. I take, um, liqueurize for sure, just because it helps kind of curves the hunger a little bit. Sure. And it, and it gives me, it gives me just kind of that, that head start that makes any sense. Yeah. Um, I take my summer life as it knocks me out. Oh, my gosh. Like that between that, the, you fertilize, um, what else is it? Fiberize those are my three go to, oh, my God. I cannot say enough. It seems like the fertilize saves my prep. We sell, we sell a lot of the pudding. The fertilizer is putting to women. I would say probably 70% of the people by the pudding from us are women because it's like a little treat you can have. And it takes the edge off that sweet tooth you get when you're diving. Mm-hmm. Yep. And of course we know in the touch of whether you want to admit it or not, all women have trouble pooping, right, when they're diving. So, so fiberlizes is a God send in that sense, right? I love fertilizer. I think I ruined one of my friends image of me because I was in his life. And so when had asked him like, hey, I do you take fiberlize. And God, this is terrible. So, of course I tried to end. And he hadn't taken it before. I was like, yeah, you know, you get these really silky pousse. But it's like, it is true though, you know, your women cannot go to the bathroom. I know I work in the lot of women. A lot of them get concentrated. The guys do too, but I'm saying women more so, probably because women's colonns are not as strong. And it really does help, especially when I'm content this time. The worst thing you want to do is get on stage and you can't go to the bathroom, you know. What, yeah, not so we're spilling other. It just feels like blow, it's just gross, yeah. Well, we're very proud of you. Obviously it's easy to nutrition. I'm also want to just congratulate you on the winner earlier in the year. And obviously the trip to the Olympia will be rooting for you over there. And, you know, the great thing about the bikini division is that it's wide open. And every year they seem to be, they seem to judge you pretty fairly. If you're the best, you seem to do better. It's not like some of these other divisions where it seems like it's impossible to unseat the champ. Yeah, it's going to be interesting to see because there's so many different women. There's so many gorgeous women in the Olympia this year. That qualified last year and that have enough points this year. So it's going to be interesting to see. Good luck. I'm on that stage. I want you to get back to work. I know you're doing this on your lunch hour. So we appreciate you taking time at your schedule. Of course. Thank you for having me today. Absolutely. All right. And that's going to take us to the end of another episode of Live with Brought to You by Species Nutrition. Visit speciesutrition.com And they pull on both. We'll see you next time.