Old School Body Building Clothing Company. If it's been three and a half hours since you last ate protein, now you're starting to freak out, you are old school. If watching someone sit on a hammer machine for five minutes between sets playing with their phone, pisses you off, you are definitely old school. OSBBC.com for the hardest training athletes. I'm Dave Palombo, founder of Species Nutrition. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body and that lives on in the species nutrition line of products. I put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition Products. If you want to be your absolute best, join the evolution. Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Pid X-Boss, our 30-year-in-a-row. What we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry. It's a low-car mock tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Alright, it's television on rxmuscle.com. This is Ask Dave Betterknown as hashtag as Dave. You're 30 minute question and answer show with Dave Palombo. All your questions. Die, train, supplementation. I have BB pros, news, whatever you think is on your mind is all on the table. Now generally, as you can see here, I am not coming to you from the Rxmuscle New York Studios at Room is currently in use by my grandnought. I am currently coming to you from my three-year-olds room. I am your host, DPRWC. As we now bring in Dave Palombo, Dave, hilarious episode last night of after-hour. So, Larry's, but I left us on a little bit more of a serious, nature topic and that is the first of all, we saw Big Lany breaking the bottle over his head and you all reacted to it. We talked about the Olympic runner who I believe won't be allowed to compete because of a failed steroid test. She then proceeded to blame the steroid test failure on a burrito. Pork burrito. They're vilifying pork again. I didn't really know what the reason was, but I went back and looked while we were doing the show and I saw that they, I guess they supposedly, supposedly, they were not that the pigs can produce an angelone like compounds in their system. So, somehow they equated that that's why the runner failed to shape the pork burrito, which is ludicrous of course. But what I think happened was, they only use animals. Everyone knows that most of them use very short, at the end of the box so that they get tested the stuff that their system right away. But there's so much fake stuff out there on the market now that you could think you're using like, something like really fast actually, I try to tremble and acetate maybe or winstrel. And you'd theoretically, it could be tanked with that guy. They could have put that guy in there because it's cheaper instead of master on something like that. And she probably was using something fake. And that's why I tell everyone, I know I saw like a broken record, I saw like, you mother's asking about your homework, but I'm telling you. The reason I give out information is because it's necessary. And test your steroids. I tell the women this especially because these women use anivore thinking it's anivore. They say, oh, it comes from a good source. I know they got guess what, test it. And you know what, 50% of the anivore out there is, is Diana bowl. Because it's cheap to make. It's way cheaper to give you someone a Diana bowl pill in charge of an anivore price. Because the price of it Diana bowl pill is probably 50 cents. The price of an animal or pill can be two bucks, three bucks sometimes. That's a huge difference in profitability. Same thing with injectables. Prima bowl is the most expensive raw material you can buy for any animal. It's not even that strong. But for women, women can use small doses of it. The problem is that 99% of the Prima bowl in out there is actually testosterone propane. And the reason I know this is because I sell these right test kits on my day. Pull on mo.com website. We sell a ton of them. And people as soon as they get something that comes back bad, they set me an email with the color. With the violence. What does this look like to you? I'm like, it's test propane. What does this look like to you? This pill. Unfortunately it's Diana bowl. I see it all the time. So especially if you get, now for someone who's not getting drug tests in like bodybuilders, it doesn't matter. But if you're an Olympic runner and you're doing a little gear on the side, you know, in your offseason trying to, you know, because what they do is they can't do it during the, the, the running season because they get intestinal of the time. Okay, two, two suspicious, but when they train in the offseason, try to get better for the coming year and build strength, that's when they use the antibiotics. Now if anyone knows anything about DACA, mandrelones can stay in the system for up to 18 months to the metabolites. So if she used it say in January, once she was training in the seat, there was no running season and to put on some strength and she thought she was taking, you know, like I said, like a short acting compound, like maybe like a, you know, like a wind stroll or a master on or something like that. And she was actually taking an engine loan. Now she's screwed for the next theoretically 12 to 18 months. She's going to test positive and that's probably why she's so like how the health type test positive. So they got to find a, they got to blame it on a pork burrito, which obviously the Olympic committee didn't buy. And they banned her for four years and she was the record holder. She probably would have won the gold medal at the Olympics. Great runner from the United States. So guys, the take home messages get your Roy test, check your stuff out, men, women. Because even if you're stuff, you know, even if you're not being drug tested, why would you want to waste your money on using something that you might think is trembling alone and you might think it's actually master on and it's actually test officer and proponate. And you're, you're giving people good money and you wasting your time or even worse, it might be nothing. You could be completely wasting your money. I can't tell you how many growth hormone tests we sell. And I'm telling you 50% of the GH comes back as nothing. Okay. So the take home messages test you here. Test your gear and put down the pork burritos. Let's go to questions. The first few questions from the day, Pulumbo experience. The first question on the never ending quest to burn fat. Can you explain thyroid levels? What is low and what would benefit from exogenous health? My former coach never really explained or addressed it. For thyroid, you're talking about what I, what I was saying, your thyroid was for thyroid hormone, what's an antibiotic, yeah. Explained, yeah, thyroid levels. All right. So look, I could give you the best way I can explain it is to explain myself. Okay. I'm going to make a thyroid hormone and put the thyroid hormone at my thyroid removed. So I put the anti-four or the elophyroxy. That's inactifyroid hormone that's what my thyroid gland would naturally produce. My body then converts the T4 that I'm taking into active T3. So my body basically knows what it needs T3 is and it'll convert it to me. That's the best way to replace thyroid hormone is to give yourself T4. Now, if you have a thyroid gland that functions normally, okay, and you take T4, it's going to do nothing. It's not going to convert because your body's already converting your natural thyroid hormone into T3, which is the active form. So if you're going to supplement with thyroid hormone, you've got to take active thyroid home T3, also, side-to-mails at one of the brand names of that, another brand name would be Sino-Mell, which is the Mexican version. But what is adequate thyroid function? It's whatever the normal range is, and I don't remember it off hand, the normal range of T3, okay. So if you're thyroid stimulating hormone, which is the pituitary hormone that's produced that's stimulate chithyroid, is it the normal level, it would imply your T3's at normal level. I always tell her when to check everything, TSH, T4, T3, if they're all normal, then you're good. Raising that up a little bit will increase your metabolic rate a little bit. But really, and I've said this before, the urability to burn fat is really dictated by the metabolic enzymes in your muscle cells, in your mitochondria, how good of a fat metabolizer are you. So while my replacement of thyroid hormone didn't alter anything about my body, didn't get leaner, I didn't get fat. And the reason is that thyroid hormone doesn't control my levels of body fat. My mitochondria in my muscle cells, how they burn fat, which is superior to most people, that's my genetic gift, is still there. As long as I have thyroid hormone turning it on or allowing it to work, then I'm going to continue to be dipolumbal and have dipolumbal metabolism. So once again, what's adequate? Do you need to run higher levels? Higher helps a little bit, but it's not going to turn a fat genetically fat person into a fat burning day polumbal machine just by adding thyroid hormone. And that's or even uping it a little bit. That's important to know. However, when you combine thyroid hormone, T3 with plumbuterole, with a diet, with cardio, then you're going to start burning more fat. Okay? And it'll be dictated on an individual by individual basis, because everyone's fat burning machinery is different in their body. And that's what you have to remember. It's not the dual end all. It's just another piece of the puzzle that's going to help you to lose weight faster or a body fat faster. Second question, again, from the day polumbal experience app, Dave, what's glucogon? How does it work? What does it do? Okay. Glucogon is also produced by the pancreatic cells. There's two types of hormone producing cells in the pancreas. One is known as the beta cells which produce insulin, which we know that does it drives nutrients into the muscle cells. And then we have another hormone produced by the alpha cells of the pancreas, that's known as glucogon and glucogon, move stuff out of the cells. So if you have stored glycogen in your muscle cells or liver and your body's blood sugar drops, glucogon is released and glucogon has the cells or tells the cells liberate glucose into the bloodstream and raise blood sugars, because we need more sugar because the blood sugar levels are going low. So they work opposite each other, glucogon and insulin. Now the cortisol producing cells in your adrenal glands can also raise blood sugar, but they do it a different way. They turn amino acids into glucose. That's known as glucogonian genesis and that can occur in liver and to some degree in the kidneys. So that's a stress hormone. So if you're really, you know, really, really low and your body's under tremendous stress, your body can crank out more glucose via that route as well. But if the muscles have stored glycogen in it, usually if blood sugar drops, glucogonus released, the problem with the type one diabetics that take insulin is that when you inject insulin and it goes through the liver, a lot of times the body will release glucogon. And response to an insulin injection, which is what you don't want, right? Because here you are trying to drive new to this cells into the cells and your body's releasing glucogon, which is pushing them out of the cells. And that's why type one diabetics have to take a lot more insulin than you would naturally produce to accomplish the same feat clearing the blood of glucose. So glucogon is not something you would ever inject. You would ever use that. But that's what it does inside the cell, inside the body's use. Let's go to our Instagram questions again. If you're not already following us or handle us official underscore rx muscle, if you're watching us for the first time on YouTube, hit the subscribe button below, hit the notification bell. If you like what you're watching, hit the like button comment below that helps. And as always, we appreciate all of your support now off season, contests, season or whenever we do this for you, we appreciate all the feedback from you, our rx nation all year long. Give tough question here if you're ready for it. It's from Lee Priest official Lee Priest handled. Should I wear blue or red, a blue or red shirt today, which is more antibiotic? Blue is definitely more antibiotic, I would say red is more catabolic because red is the color of the devil, right? I think blue is more antibiotic. Somebody's not associated with blue with muscle gains and red with fat loss, maybe because red kind of in my mind would be associated with raising metabolic rate and burning more calories and stuff like that. So I'd say go blue. Now I wanted to mention one thing, we do have a giveaway to do today. I think we missed the last couple weeks, although we're not doing this show live, those we can't do that. But next week, when we go back to live, next week, we'll do the giveaway is the legendary foods giveaways again. All right, so Lee, now you know what to wear for today. Let's go, actually, so we're getting a lot of questions. I don't know if he touched on this in the last episode. A lot of questions about when your next guru course is going to be is going to be virtual is going to be in person. So what can you tell the audience for those that are asking? I'm looking at my calendar right now. I think we haven't scheduled for July 10th to be honest with you. I have a check. I'll have the post-drup this week on the end of the week on my daypalombo.com website. I think we're going to be online. We're not ready to do anything in person yet because of COVID still. So we'll be online, which is great for all the international guys and girls who want to take the course because I have people, the people like the India, they got a wake up like it like four in the morning to date the class. I feel bad for them. But you know what, we have a great crew. I always have 15 to 20 good people in that class. They ask great questions. It's going to be once again. It'll be from nine in the morning Eastern Standard Time to 6pm. We take a break, a one hour break for lunch. And it's a really fun class because we go over everything from diet, supplementation, drugs, offseason, pre-conscious. I ask, answer every question. I mean, it's so comprehensive that by the end of the day, when I get to 6pm, I'm so drained. I can't even speak because I really, I give a lot of emotional energy to that course. It's, it's really near and dear to my heart. I really feel that educating people the next generation or the next generation. I should say is very important because I want to make sure that the coaches who come out of this course can take their clients to the next level and be true coaches. Not just in a sense that they have experience, but they have the knowledge behind that experience so that they can give people the right information. And not give them bro science information that's going to wind up hurting them down the road. So near and dear to me, check it out and just check my back with my website. I'll also post on my Facebook and Instagram when the next course is we're making the posts. I believe it is once again July 10th weekend and you'll be able to sign up at the Palombo University link and once again the link will be on my website. So I also want to mention that the questions we addressed earlier in the show related to the day, Palombo experience app. People don't know what that is. That's the app we offer. You can download it at the iTunes Store Android store and it's $29 a month and you get access to everything I've ever written, everything I've ever done video wise, all in one place we put up a workout every single week. I answer everyone's questions on the apps. If you have questions for me, they get answered on the app in a public forum. So everyone sees everyone's questions and everyone's answers which is I always wanted to do that because I like to see what other people are asking. Because a lot of times it's a question I have and I don't even remember and this way it's an educational tool. So you're constantly going on there, reading people's questions and answers and you're learning on a regular basis and then I also do a Q&A video. Kind of like ASD, except it's an extra one. More education based on the questions of the app members and that goes up once a week as well. So you get a lot of value for your money and you've got a personal trainer in your pocket. So you might want to check that out. Yeah, a lot of good questions. See how many we can get through. Let's go to Peck Pockman. Dave is natural competitive bodybuilding really natural as then are they competitive completely clean or are some mild form of drugs involved now? I mean, just if you can go back into yeah, clients you coach, what you've seen, what you've heard the truth beyond the matter. There's no such thing as natural bodybuilding. There are some people 100% natural in the sense that they don't use any illegal performance enhancing drugs absolutely. Are all the people who compete in natural competitions natural now? Because for most of these organizations, they call themselves natural but they're really just drug tested organizations. You beat the drug test. You beat the drug test. I mean, that's what the Olympics are. You think the Olympics are natural? Come on. It's called beat the drug test. Sometimes you fail the drug test like this runner. We just saw it recently who's banned for four years. You're rolling the dice. If you pass the drug test, you win the Olympic gold in your hero. If you fail it, you're a criminal. That's how they, that's how you branded this country. This is unfortunately how it goes. So are there natural competitions out there? They say they are. Is everyone natural? No. Are some people natural? Absolutely. And that's a personal choice you have to make. I just feel that if you're going to use antibiotics, can you get a huge drugs that are banned by these organizations? You might as well compete in an organization that doesn't test you. Because why be a fraud? You know what I mean? If those organizations should be reserved for people who don't want to take drugs, that feel like it's a protected environment. But unfortunately, it just isn't that because people want to be champions. They don't care if they have to cheat. They don't care if they're going to be the big fish and a small pond. It doesn't matter to them. I competed in a natural organization for one or two times when I was natural. And you know what? The second time I competed, people thought I was a natural. So I said, you know what? I'm not going to deal with this stuff. You know what? The truth is I want to be the best. And if I want to be the best, I got to use stuff. So I started using some antibiotics that I never competed in a natural organization again. Because I said, you know what? If I'm going to be the best, I got to compete against the best. And it's my choice how much I want to use or not use. Just because you compete in an organization that uses drugs. That means you have to use the most drugs of anyone out there. Because the amount of drugs you use is not an alicous to how well you place. As much as some people may think that that's the case. It's not. Okay, taking a threshold amount, eating right, training right, sleeping enough, having some genetic predisposition. Those are the keys to success in bodybuilding. And if you think it's all drugs, you don't know what you're talking about. Let's go to tank MCG. Not sure if I have this question last week, because I saw this in question, but I'll ask you if you remember it, we'll move on to the next one. Does posing or flexing the muscle being worked between sets have any value? You know, I don't think it makes it. I don't think it makes you harder or leaner or I think what it does is it gives you a better mind muscle connection. That's what I found to be the hardest when I was going through about. I found it hard to be able to control the muscle that I wanted to use. Not only in a workout sense, but in a posing sense on stage. Now, as I got bigger, it became easier, maybe because I had more muscle and I could feel it better. But really what I felt was that the more I practiced my posing, the better body awareness I had. Some people just genetically just pick things up and have really good body awareness. They know where they are in space, they compose well, they move well. Other people need to practice a million times over to get that same, the builds up those neural pathways, that's me. I'm a guy who's got, I got to practice it mechanically a thousand times. And then, because I'm a creative person, then I could creatively hit my shot and move creatively. Because now it's ingrained in my neural pathways and now I can artistically release it. I can't do two things at one time. You can ask my wife if I'm working on the computer and she's talking to me, I don't hear anything. I'm like in my own little world. Whereas I know people that come up my wife come up with it, she can watch TV, she can be yelling at the kids, she can be sending out orders on the computer and she won't make a single mistake. So, everyone is a little different like that. And I think that you have to just accept and figure out what kind of person you are. And if you need to work more on your posing because you just don't have that body awareness, you don't move well on stage. You can learn to. The key is not saying, well, I'm just not good on stage on that kind of practice. No, let me do you got to practice more than the other person. Let's go to Leon James Fit. Dave, you've explained that GH causes new muscle fibers and you will start to see the difference around the six mark. I guess six week mark period depending on the dose. The question that follows that is if you build a new muscle tissue from say a year or two of GH and then stop all year and working out once you start back up training a year while you have muscle memory to build back the tissue that GH caused that you never got within a ballics or will you have to get back on GH? What I explained was that when you take a compound like growth hormone or IGF1 and you're producing new cells, you're turning stem cells which we used to call satellite cells and other called stem cells. We turn these stem cells which are basically the lobs of nothing and we turn them into muscle tissue using a growth hormone which will differentiate these stem cells and turn them into muscle fibers. Once we do that, they're muscle fibers. Now, in order to see the results of those new muscle fibers we produce which are very they're going to be microscopic cells. We want to get them enlarged. How do we enlarge muscle cells when we train? We break them down, we build them up. We take steroids which make them bigger. Once the GH makes the cells but then we have to make those cells bigger. That's why I said this usually like a lag of six months and it's not six weeks, six months I find. So the cells that you've made have created today in six months you'll see them get to their full size. If you train hard and you do everything else right of course. Now, if you stop training and those cells shrink up again, you still have those muscle cells that are just smaller and that's what muscle memory is, right? Now you go back to training again after taking off a couple months and boom, they blow right up because you already got those new cells there. They're not changing. Once you've turned them into muscle, they're muscle and those nuclei are not going away. They make it smaller but they're still there. So once you want them back, you just have to start eating and training again and they come back pretty fast because you're just blowing up the size of those cells. You don't have to take GH to do it. You don't even have to take steroids to do it but if you obviously would take steroids and you train heavy, they're going to get bigger faster. Let's go to Cobb Brey. This is about your competition career but if you have any successful stories in clients as well, you're most successful contest car-blood protocol. You know, I try a lot of different things. When I originally started training and competing in the early 90s when I was really doing, I started first started doing well. I didn't eat anything. It was like a protein and carbs and I would carb up. I would just load tons of carbs because and I could not get full enough. So what I would usually do is I would have like a pancakes and syrup and butter on the morning of the show and that would fill me out a little bit but I always looked better the next day after eating like a maniac Saturday night. Then I realized as part of my whole, I guess you could say, Quest to figure out the whole fat equation. Fat's are necessary. Fat's actually go into the cells and they actually add volume to the cell too. There's something called intermuscular fat and some of that is necessary for fullness. So when I my most successful carb load was when I realized I didn't really need as many carbs as I was eating. I needed a lot more fat. I couldn't cut the fat out because by taking away the fat, your body is what happens is when you start eating carbs and carb loading, you basically stimulate in the metabolism. So what's happening is a lot of those, especially if you have a fast metabolism like mine, I can eat a 500, 600, 700 grams of carbs for the day but my body is using the mole for energy because it's because my metabolism is going through the roof. If you have fat as a buffer in there, your body can use some of that fat as fuel and a lot of those carbs now that you're eating will get stored as glycogen as opposed to just being consumed as energy. And that's when I realized what the formula was. So my the last couple years from 2001 to 2003, like all the years from the 2000, those four years from 0 to 1, 2, 3, 4, I realized that I didn't need to eat a thousand grams of carbs to carb up. I can eat, you know, three, four hundred grams of carbs. And I can keep my fat high at 150 grams or whatever I was eating, 160 grams of fat per day along with my protein which I didn't lower. That's another mistake people think, oh, you don't need as much protein because I'm eating more carbs. If you lower your calories, okay, or keep your calories the same and just change the composition, you're not going to carb up adequately. So I needed to keep my food intake high and add carbs. And that's what I did. I didn't reduce fat, I didn't reduce protein. I added carbs on top of all that stuff. And that's when I looked full, but yet I wasn't blowing out my gut and constipating myself because I was eating a thousand grams of carbs a day. And that just what that's what works for me. And it's works from 99% of my clients. Everyone's in a while. You got to freak shut. You got to do crazy stuff with. But for most people, that's the way to go with it. Don't cut the fat and protein back and add some carbs. Depending on how carbs sensitive the person is or how much you need to carb up, that'll dictate how much you give them. It's good to have an abandoned bed. You know, it's good for them to show which creates more hamstring growth, leg curl machines or deadlift variations overloading the stretch position or the peak of the contraction. Look, I'm a big believer in squats and dead lifts, build the whole leg, you know. And, you know, hamstring, ludes, that's a lot of, a lot of deadlift. You get a lot of stimulation in there. And I'm not talking straight like deadlift. So I'm going to regular dead lifts, press and off the floor. Pull that weight off. Squats, when you're lowering that weight, that's all hamstring, you know. So you're not going to get huge thick mass of hamstrings from doing leg curls, okay? Does it help? Of course it does. Is it going to give you the dense look that you see like some of these freak savants as you know? That's lowering the weight on the leg press, lowering the weight on squats, okay? Dead lifting, pushing, pulling that weight off the floor. So I'm going to be using those glutes and hamstrings. And let me tell you something, the adductors, the inner thighs are really important to the hamstring pose because when you put that leg back, a lot of that stuff that hangs back there is not just hamstring. It's adductor too. On the side pose, when you put your legs together and you see that nice drop that we call that hamstring drop, it's really not a hamstring drop, it's really an adductor drop. The inner thigh gets pressed against the other one, it hangs and then just a little edge of the back of your leg is your hamstring. But it's a lot of adductor in there too. So don't neglect the adductor compartment. Open your stance up when you squatting, dead lifting, you know, or pressing, let those adductors work. Well, it's good at the rectum rhino. When should you get your blood worked on post-show also? How long would you say to stay off for a proper clear out? I tell people wait at least four weeks to get blood worked on after your last antibiotics shot because it takes at least three or four weeks to clear all that crap out of your system. Probably the best that would be do your whole, you know, clean out right before you go back on cycle, usually after which should be about eight to ten weeks of clean out. Okay. That's when you should get your blood worked on. So when you clean your eight weeks off, go get tested, check your kidney function, liver function, all the other stuff that goes along with that. And then, and I've given that, you know, I send all the time the list of blood worked to people should get done if you've not a contact me. And you'll see a true, you know, or a pretty true snapshot of what's going on in your body. If you go right after you competed a week or two after you're going to be all, you're going to have levels all over the place. That's normal. I mean, that's to be expected, I should say. So try to wait to you by the clean down and start to regenerate a little bit, then go get tested. This question from Elaine, I mean, is a simple question, but we have a special episode of Guru Talk, a show where if you have it watched Guru Talk, the premise of this show was really bringing on, we bring on Guru's, we bring on experts, you know, who really do, you know, dive into the deep science of bodybuilding, health, special episode. The question is about lowering DHT, but if you want to maybe give some insight on this upcoming episode of Guru Talk, DHT, how to keep your hair all tied in and a very special guest. Yeah, well, we're all going to love this episode because I know we're all of us here in this room today are interested in keeping our hair. And Jay Campbell is very, very knowledgeable in this whole pursuit of hair regrote. Okay, and I look, I've been into this whole thing, I also, anyone has lost hair and likes hair. So people say they have, they don't even care. I don't, I look like a murderer if I straight my head. So I like to have a little bit of hair, and Jay Campbell is doing a lot of research on copper peptides and they're regenerative, in fact, on the hair follicle of the head and how you can control also some of the hair regrote. So we have a really good guru report to all coming out. I'm a very high DHT converter. That means that I convert a lot of my testosterone into DHT genetically. When I got my DNA tested and verified that as well, I have a defect. I convert too much testosterone to DHT, which is probably why my whole life I broke used to break out with acne when I was a kid. And it was very oily and stuff like that in my skin because I'm a big DHT converter. Now to give you an idea of how much DHT DHT I produce, I'm on no hormone replacement just whatever my body naturally produces testosterone wise, which is about four to 500 on a total testosterone test. That's my body naturally, but this is, I take the nasteride every single day for the last 20 years, 2.5 milligrams. And my DHT levels are not low. They're like normal in the middle range, which tells you that if I didn't take it, I would be through the roof. Okay, has it made me grow back any hair probably not? Has it slow to stop my hair loss? Maybe, I think it might have. And that's why I stay on it. It's also protected from my prostate. Because I'm a DHT converter, a high one. Okay? What Jay Campbell kind of revealed on this episode is that a lot of what we think, you know, the old thinking was that if we can get DHT levels low, we're going to regrow hair or preserve the hair that we have on our head. That's just, it's never been the case. It's not consistent, you know. So in other words, some people notice good results, some people don't notice results. So it's not just DHT that causes hair loss. The genetic component to it, obviously. But what Jay was explaining and you'll see on this episode is that a lot of it has to do with the health of your scalp. And the blood flow to your scalp. The blood flow gets reduced. Okay? You lose hair. And there is a way to bring back the blood flow there. If you watch this episode, it's absolutely tremendous. I learned a ton of information from there. And I'm going to tell you ways that you can actually bring back your hair growth and restore it relatively quickly within the scope of probably 90 days. So check that group of talk. I think people really like it. That group of talk going live tomorrow noon eastern time on the R&C muscle YouTube channel before we ask our final question. And if you are watching us for the first time, subscribe below, hit the notification bell just like tomorrow's episode of Guru Talk yesterday's episode of After Hour, and then of course, our live episode of Heavy Muscle Radio on Monday where we had a special guest surgeon, Olivia Junior, who came on and talked about the video that he posted over the weekend and some of his thoughts as far as I guess his news getting out when he intended to put it out. So he clarified everything on that end. And then issued a challenge to some of the top body builders to compete at this upcoming misad the oral classic rather, the oral classic invite list being announced yesterday. So again, all that and more, subscribe, hit the notification bell. You're not going to miss anything coming up on the R&C muscle YouTube channel. Final question from Tattoo by Tony. Do you think it's possible that Brandon Curry could bring up his legs enough. Brandon Curry and his coach Abdullah posting a picture over the last couple of days from the 2020 prep. You see Brandon Curry, his condition back. Obviously, that is universally known, Brandon Curry, one of the most evolved upper bodies. One of those evolved body builders on the scene, but obviously many people were talking about his legs after finishing second of Big Romney last year. So could he bring up his legs enough of the put where he could have a chance to win the Olympic title back? And I guess I'll add to that in comparison to someone like that of a big Romney. Yeah. I think it's important to understand first of all, first of all, let's look at Dexter Jackson and Victor Martinez who were two of the greatest body builders of our era. They didn't have great legs. They had balance to their body. And that's what it's about. They had harmony. Victor's, you know, he was the original X frame guy. His body wasn't anything huge about anything. Rammy's got these huge monster quads, but the reason why Victor and Dexter did so well, because everything flowed well and when they were in shape, they were almost impossible to beat because of that structure. That's Brandon Curry. Curry won the Olympia because he was genetically just perfect in the sense that he had an X frame. His legs are never going to be big. They don't need to be. They just need to be really hard and full enough. And if he puts that formula together where he gets everything in harmony with each other, when he's posing as he's so plight, plethe, pleasurable to look at. His physique is so pleasing to the eye that you want to see the guy win. So the question is, can Curry beat Rammy? The answer that is absolutely yes. He can win this show and become Mr. Olympia again. But the tool he has right now, just showing up at his best full enough and hard enough. However, Randy holds the cards in his hand now. He's Mr. Olympia. He's the biggest guy on stage. He's got good symmetry for a big guy. The question is, is he going to come in in shape? If he comes in like he was last year or even a little better, no one's beaten him. Because he's the biggest bodybuilding after all is about muscle. And he's got more muscle than everyone on that stage and he's Mr. Olympia. However, if Rammy comes in off and we've seen him off, before he's only managed to shape one time this past season. He comes in off which I don't think he's going to. But if he does, that opens the door to that next level of guys and knocking at the door. The hotty shootins, the branding curries, the William Bowenax. And if Curry's at his best being a former Mr. Olympia, he is a very good chance of winning the Mr. Olympia title. So my advice to Brandon is, don't try to be something you're not, don't try to come too big and give up your conditioning. Play to your strengths, bring that to the stage. Dexter did it his whole career. He was always right there waiting for people to screw up and then he would win the show. And he did it 30 times right over 20. How many times did he do it? I don't even know. He eats. 29. He did it 29 and 30 times. So the point is that Dexter is a great model for Brandon to follow. You don't have to be the biggest guy. Just be the best guy. So there you have it. That's going to do for this episode of Asdae, Reminder tomorrow noon Eastern Standard Time on the RX muscle YouTube channel. New episode of Guru Talks for all of those of you looking to keep your hair and who will loss some hair. We're going to grow it back. This episode is going to be for you. For Tyler, Sean Day, Plumbo, I'm Sidney Furuki. We'll see you next time.