realidad of another island that condiments Opción. Daypalumbo here with another RX muscle, news update. Guys, I want to talk to you a little bit about blood work because this is the time of the year. A lot of guys have been sending me blood work to interpret, read, give me my opinions upon it. And the truth of the matter is that a lot of us don't get enough blood work done. Sometimes I'm a little lazy with getting it done as well. I try to get it done at least once a year, but I really should do it every six months. You know, you want to check your, especially if you're body building, you're taking performance enhancing drugs or any kind of hormones for that matter. You definitely want to check, you know, you liver functions and there's a whole host of enzymes that cover that. You want to check your kidney function, which is creatinine and BUN levels pretty much. Those are high. You want to address that situation. Obviously, you want to check your blood cells, white blood cells that's your complete blood count. The CFF. Too many red blood cells in your body because you're taking out of all of it. Because you're, are your white blood cells too high because maybe you have some kind of a sickness or some kind of an infection going on in your body. You want to check C-reactive protein levels to see what your total body inflammation is. You want to check hemoglobin A1C to see what your average blood sugars are running over three months. Fastly glucose levels are always nice to get. It's a quick, quick reading that they do all the time. And then of course you want to do hormone panels. You want to see what your testosterone is. You want to see what your estrogen levels are, what your pro-lactin levels are. So that you can optimize these things. Your DHG or dihydrogen testosterone levels. These are all hormones that you need to have this data at your back in the disposal, especially if you're going to go and get them replaced. Now, titan medical centers is a clinic that I've been talking about for many, many years now. They produce top quality supplements. They have injectable vitamins. Really, you know, I started out with them because of the hormone replacement. And if you want to go in hormone replacement, okay, you got to get your blood work done. Now blood work can be very expensive. And a lot of you guys out there don't have health insurance. So I talked to titan medical, and I said, look, I have a lot of guys and a lot of women out there who want to use you guys and get hormone replacement prescribed. They want to get you want to get injectable vitamins like glutathione and some of the healing peptides that are now at BPC, 157, TB 500. But you know what, we need blood work. We need to see what your baseline levels are. And you know, I said a lot of these guys don't have insurance. I said, what do they do? I said, it's kind of expensive. I know that they will prescribe blood work, anti-medical, but sometimes it's a little cost prohibitive for some of you guys. So I talked to them and doing a special sale. And I know this is a time of year or about halfway through the year where everyone wants to see what they're going on. They want to get on them replacement for summer's year. They want to feel good and diggerous for till July 4th. Okay, till July 4th only we have a special going on. Full men's blood profile from 135,000 to $70. It's a lot of my, well, tighten gives you guys a very good deal to begin with at 200 dollars. But to get that for 130, that's a huge savings. So if you're thinking about doing it, this might be the impetus to make you want to do it. Now the women's panels are a little more expensive because they have to test estrogen for gesturing all the womenly hormones. Very normally at $300 those panels, they're doing it for 225 now. So if you don't have insurance and you would like to go through tighten to get this blood work done, even if you don't want to get any hormone replacement, I think for sure I'd be trying to get your blood work done. This is a super cheap deal for the blood work you're going to get. So if you're feeling like, oh man, you know what I should have gotten blood work done, I just didn't have the money, it's so expensive. Here's your opportunity. Don't delay because you know what, what you find out in this blood work could be integral into helping your progress in the future. Hey, you know what I didn't even realize I was high in this or I was low in that. Now I can correct that and make better progress, put on muscle easier, lose body fat easily. And then if you like you said, if you decided to take the next step and go on hormone replacement or go on some of these injectable vitamins, you've got your blood work ready to funny, it's all done, you're ready. You do your Skype session with the doctor over tighten, which is something I have to do now because it's been a year. And guess what? You're back in business right away with high quality prescription drugs that are made in a compounding pharmacy center, directly to your house monthly. It doesn't get much easier than that. And you don't have to worry about what you're getting being what's going to take. You know it's coming from a certified U.S. compounding pharmacy. And I can't stress that enough, but take home as a serious blood work guys. Don't delay, you haven't done it a while, don't feel bad. Here's your opportunity contact Titan Medical Center dot com. Use the special code word, RX muscle. And you will get that terrific discount. We have the number on the screen, and call that number as well. And that is going to make it your life super easy and it's going to take that burden of you. I know personally no body, but I'm going to mention his name, although he probably doesn't care. I know he watches the show. He hadn't gone to the doctor in 20 years, isn't like that. He was so nervous, he was like, Dave, I don't know what to do. I haven't gone to the doctor. I said, just go. At least you'll have peace to mind, and you take perfect care of yourself. There's probably nothing wrong with you. He goes, of course, nothing was wrong with them. He's right now he sleeps well at night again. So if you're in that category, make the phone call, remember, mention RX muscle and Dave Polumbus and you. And I promise you, you will sleep better at night. And you'll probably sleep better at night because you'll be able to get on some cool hormones, replacement formulas that are going to make it feel a lot better. For now, they're on Dave Polumbus with an RX muscle, news update.