I'm Dave Holumbo, founder of Species Nutrition. I created Species Nutrition with one mission in mind. To provide body builders and serious athletes with no nonsense supplements that work and are backed by science. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body. And that lives on in the Species Nutrition line of products. We use only top-of-the-line formulations, toast from maximum results and the best flavoring systems available. I've put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition products. If you want to be your absolute best, join the evolution. Welcome back to Live With Brought to You by Species Nutrition. I'm Dave Palombo and today's guest is the 2020 IFBB actually NPC North American men's body building overall champion Nick Walker. He finally did it at the old age of 26 years, welcome to the show and congratulations. Thank you for having me on Dave. Yeah, I mean, this was a long time coming to you. A lot of people don't realize you've been training a very long time since you're a teenager. Even though you're only 26 years old, you've been in the game for a long time, but wasn't like, you know, a lot of guys pop in and they went into Europe too. You busted your butt, your typical, you know, northeast guy, trained hardcore and jersey there. And you made it happen. Congratulations. Thank you, I appreciate it, man. You have, you know, something that we haven't seen in a while. I call it the throwback 1990s Freak physique, you know, whereas you got all the body parts in the right, you know, order, so to speak. You have, you know, a pro level structure on your body, but you also have that, like, dense, grainy, you know, freaking muscle that we haven't seen in a very long time on the body building circuit. What are you, what are you a tripped at here? My training. I had trained very, very intensely, but low, low vibe. Kind of like it, like, doing eights. Yeah, I noticed that. Yeah, I saw you doing interview with that and I was, I was impressed because I don't see a lot of guys kind of switch the way from that. And, you know, I was always a big believer also in low volume, high, high weights. And it shows in the density of your, of your physique. That's, I believe, and I also believe that's one of the best ways to save muscle as well. When you're dieting so low, the more volume you do, you can sometimes attend the burn the muscle. And if you train low volume, you can keep the weight really high and just give out own sense to either one of two sets. You should maintain majority volume or muscle. How you used to tell people, when I would do after I would do it, like, four sets of incline presses, I wanted to go home. Like, I felt like I got enough out of it. I felt like my chest was fried already. I lifted, you know, 405 for six heavy reps. And I didn't want to do anymore. And you know, when I started realizing that more wasn't necessarily better at that point. Is that? And sometimes that will hinder recovery. Yeah, I'll be very important, especially doing prep. Yeah, absolutely. And, you know, your physique speaks for yourself. I actually, you know, when I look at your physique and say to actually, we're rising at Mike Franswatt, if you remember him back in the 1990s. Yeah, I've heard that a couple of times. Yeah, you got that, a lot of density like him. And he also train really heavy. So I mean, it, there's definitely something to it. I mean, it's, it's not like, you know, people want to know if you get that muscle from it. It's from people who put in hard work. Now, when you first started out and you were doing shows back in the early, you know, 2010 area, 2013, whatever, when you're a teenager, where people already telling you, you know, you have potential to go far or were you like one of these guys when they said, hey, you know, you know, maybe you're wasting your time. Yeah. Well, when I, I see I graduated high school at 230 pounds. Oh, I was your big kid. Yeah. And you know, everyone told me I should do my first show or do like do my, yeah, do it first show. So after I graduated high school, I did my first show, the goal was classic in 2012. Yeah. And I went from 230 pounds to 159 pounds. Oh, my God. Holy macro. Yeah, we talked about it over. I didn't. Yeah. That are the hard way sometimes, right? Yeah. I got a totally different person. But at that point, like, yeah, I've heard maybe it's not for me, but I also knew the genetic factor that I had. Yeah. And if I had a, you know, a proper coach that you had to diet me properly, but it would have been a different. Yeah. So I came back the following year, I did the Eastern's in New York as a teen as well. And I was, and I weighed 198 pounds. I won the team division. And I took third in the light at least. I was at that show. I remember, I remember, you know, I didn't remember who you were. But now that you, I was looking at your conversation. I remember, because I was, I know I was at that show. And you were very impressive. I thought as a teenager at 1998. It was, you could tell that you had, you had potential. Who knew how far you were going to go with it, but you definitely had potential, you know, a definitely. Yeah. You definitely changed your physique in that year for sure. Just in G. Gain, what, say 20 pounds on stage? Yeah. Pretty much. That when you did teen assials the year after and play second, was that a big disappointment for you? I mean, yeah. I mean, it's always a disappointment losing, right? Who beat you with that? Was that a Cody Montgomery year? Yes. Yeah. Well, that was just three feet. I remember, yeah. I mean, you know, he was the favorite obviously going into that show. Yeah. Yeah. So like, I didn't go on the show like knowing I was going to lose, but I prepared myself for that because I know Cody was the favorite. Yeah. It was going to be a three-peak, but to be neck and neck was him. Yeah. You know, close second. I was happy with it. I think I might, and I can't remember back then. I think I might have actually said that I thought you deserved to win. I think when I, in my analysis, I was at that show. I think I actually liked your physique better than him at that show, or maybe I saw a more potential, and you, I don't know what it was, but yeah. That was a good battle you guys had there. And that was probably Cody's hardest show. You would think the third one when he was the oldest would have been the easiest win for him, but I don't think it was. I think that might have been his toughest win. Yeah. So you come off that team, National's. You know that you have potential at this point. And what, what was your game plan at that point? How do you go from the teams now into that open division and have to start competing for a pro-card? Like, what's the mental, I guess, thing that clicked in your head and said, okay, I have to take it to the next level now. Well, at that point, I actually hired Jeff Long as my coach, right? Because he lives like you're from a fair amount of time. Yeah, yeah. And jersey, you're both jersey guys. Yeah. So we did a good off season together. And in 2016, I did a regional show, which was the South Jersey Championships. And I won the overall there as a heavyweight. I was actually, I was like, I want to say two to ten. All right. You're taking a run for the right after the T-National's? Yeah, yeah. Okay. And then we did USA's seven weeks after that. And we sucked down to a light heavyweight. Okay. Where I placed a six place there. Now, was that a mistake going down? You think in weight or was it was it the right move? I think was the right move. I think if I stayed in heavies, I don't think I was big enough for what compared it as good enough as I was in the lights. Right. And I liked the way my physique looked there. I was almost very crisp, very lean, dry. And you know, to get top six that your first national show in a light heavyweight was she's a very competitive weight class. Right. Now, I'm totally, Nick, how tall you? Five, seven. I didn't really do that short. Wow. Okay. Yes. So, I didn't do that into that weight. So, it wasn't like you were too tall for it at all. No, no. So, where people telling you at that point, you know what? Stay as a light heavyweight, get your pro-card and then move up. That's, I hear that a lot, especially with the guys. Well, I actually know when said that to me. Now, after we did USA's, we just ran right into an all season. And we got ready for, I had to qualify again. So, 2017, I did the muscle beach as a heavyweight. And I won the overall there. And then we went to North Americans in 2017, where I think we just over-dited a little bit. And I ended up being like 200, 200 pounds on stage. Okay. And I got six there again, but it was not my question. Was it a good luck for you, yeah? Yeah. You obviously look better bigger. Yes. So, I think so. So, now you took 2018, you actually preparing for a show. And then you never competed. What happened that year? Because I think a lot of people were wondering is Nick Walker done. You know, sometimes you see young guys come up. They've, you know, they got tremendous talent. They get all this potential, like, I think of a trade brewer. And then actually, I actually compared you in a show I just did the earlier to a young trade brewer that actually lived up to his hype, you know, so to speak. But a lot of times these guys disappeared. Did you freak out? What happened? No, I had a slight issue that I was having. I don't want to get too in depth about it. Okay. I don't want to start trouble anywhere. Yeah. But I just thought it was the best move for me being young and not knowing what was going on. Okay. And I didn't want to go in my future. It continued. And then something serious actually happened. I got you. So I decided to pull out got my full blood work done and majority of everything just came back normal. Okay. So I just, I just said, okay. So I decided at that point, I was going to, I actually went and back connected after that. I got you. So you had a problem with your coach. I understand. You don't want to talk about it. Well, you, you, you know, sometimes when something like that happened, you know, and you're right before a show and you have to pull out. It's very depressing. Did you fall into a depression? Did you kind of like move past? I would've said, yeah, yeah, I was very upset. But I'm, I'm the type of guy that gets over things real quick and makes the next move. And we get started on that. Okay. So you, you hook up with Matt Jensen and you say, all right, we're going to go for, for two thousand, nineteen. We're going to do the USA. Yeah. And obviously that was your breakout year when you play second last year. What was, what was different going into that prep? And what did you actually wind up on stage? Wait, why? At USA's. Yeah. To, to, to, to 36 to 38. I was that's a huge jump you made. What did you get? We had. Yeah. Yeah. What, what are you a tribute that to? Again, that was when we, me and him actually, that's when I started doing the low vine training. Okay. We ate a lot more food. We lived, you know, high intensity low volume and everything just, just clicked. Yeah, everything clicked perfectly. You know, we were, you and I were talking earlier and we were talking about, you were telling me how for this year you kind of stopped doing a lot of freeway. It's quite sort of, make sure you waste and get any bigger. And we were talking about what, what machines and what exercises you kind of feel more nice to, was telling you that when I was competing, I tried to do the whole, you know, no squatting thing when you were, I did leg press. And I really don't, I never felt like press really well. I never really was a big leg press fan. And you said you feel like press a lot. And I think it goes back to the fact that you have to find what works for your physique. And obviously you and Matt, when you connected, you figured out how your physique rose best, which is more food less volume. And which is the case with a lot of guys. I was like a low volume guy too. If I did too much volume, I didn't recover, I didn't grow. So obviously you found what works for your physique and your body, you know, blossomed one you did that. And you did very, very quickly. My strength was going up like weekly, like by a long crowd. Well, what kind of, what kind of lifts you are doing? I mean, like what was some of your impressive gym lifts? I know you have some crazy lifts. You know, okay. So the highs, I inclined dumbbell press the 225. So high. Let me ask you a question with that. Because you know, I was a best drug pretty strong guy when I got big too. But I had problem with heavy dumbbells because I couldn't, I couldn't, like, I literally wanted a fall over. I couldn't balance the three-minute, three-hundred pounds. I couldn't balance those things. Yeah. How do you, what do you have? Someone hand you each one of them? Yeah. So basically how we did it was we just, we sat on one of my lap. And when I went, when I went to kick them back, they kind of just followed with me and helped me tell me. So you need two spiders basically, is what you need? I did. I needed two spiders. That's crazy. And then once I got going, those are very smooth. So impressive. What else are you doing in the gym that's impressive? I dumbbell shoulder press, 200 pound dumbbells. Wow. I guess the same, because someone has to hand you those things. There's no way you lift the nose off the floor. Oh, yeah. So if they had a hand to hand to the top, I'd have to make sure I had some strong people with it. That's scary too, because if you move a little in the wrong direction, you can hurt yourself a lot. Do you have to have a really strong spot? Oh, really strong. Who's a strong person? And then I also barbelled shoulder press, four-five for eight of the people. That's sick. I thought I was impressed. I thought it was impressive when I did three-fifteen for like six, but four or five for six is absolutely insane. People don't know how hard that way just to stabilize. It's difficult. That's the hardest one. Unbelievable. And how do you work up to that? Did one day you just say, okay, let's throw another 25 on each side. Did you do that? Yeah, honestly, yeah. When I did three, 65 before that, I was like, oh, this feels like I'm stopping. Yeah. And I just racked it and we put four or five on and I got six out of five. Wow. Oh, he said. You know, and the reason I stress this and why I'm making a big deal about this is because that's why you're so big and dense because you're lifting these heavy weights and you're not just doing one rep with them, you're doing full range motion and you're doing both the bull reps and that's why you're growing and people just don't get it anymore. And I think that's why we don't see physics like yours anymore because no one's willing to do that in the gym and that's scary shit getting under 230 pound dumbbells or putting four or five and pressing over your head because it's not comfortable it hurts and it's dangerous. So people don't do those things. And they can't take selfies while they're doing it. Exactly. Exactly. That's very true. That's why I had someone video it for me. To make bad as worse, you trained in pretty much the most hard-coach in your area, until this gym and that rings the bell when people's minds. It's because I've had to get to those gym owners on the show. They've been fighting the state since this whole COVID thing went down to stay open. They've been fine. They've lost their business license. They've taken the front door off and you've been training it. I didn't know this. You trained at that gym every single day. Yep. That's awesome. That's got to be a great environment because everyone is so fired up in that place all the time. Oh yeah. It was definitely an experience. That's for sure. Were you there when the cops came? Oh yeah. Was everyone just continue training and they didn't even give a shit? Everyone kept on their thing. That is awesome. They got released from prison and those were the guys right back there. That's not good. Awesome. Well, it really saved you because you had a, you needed to place the train and you can't keep that kind of weight in your house. It's one thing to have your own little home gym, but you're not keeping two or three pound dumbbells in your house. So I mean, you really need the gyms to do that. Exactly. Yes. Really, you should be taken to head off to those guys because those guys are just as responsible for you getting that pro-car. Oh, yeah. Me and the owners are really good friends. Yeah. I think they're good guys. So you come into this year's show. What did you actually weigh on stage? So the morning of pre-judging, I believe I was 247. Wow. That's, you're height. People have to remember, you're only five foot seven. Yeah. If you were five eleven, that would be like weighing 280 pounds. Right. Right. That's, because that's what you look like you're on stage. You look like you're 280 on stage. It's crazy. Matter of fact, people were saying when I put up, I put up a picture of you on Instagram, you know, thanking you, congratulating you. People were saying, this guy could have won the New York pro. That's got to be a compliment to you right there, right? It's actually really, it's really cool to hear. It's, it's that's the awesome. It would have been nice if it wasn't on the same weekend, like we would have been the weekend after you should go to California competing next weekend. Yeah. You probably qualify for the Olympia. Probably. Why are you thinking about doing that or are you shutting it down for the year? Oh, no, we're going to do Chicago. Oh, you are. Okay, which is taking place in Atlanta, obviously. They moved it. Yeah, the whole reason why we're doing Chicago and not, Cali. Yeah. We're simply just because, you know, me and Matt had this goal of turning pros since we started, like this was our goal. Yeah. And we just, he wanted me to enjoy it. He wanted me to embrace it and enjoy it a couple of days, where it's. And if we were to do Cali, I wouldn't have had time to really enjoy my, my land, you know, right? Right. Although he wanted me to have that and then start getting ready for Chicago. Are you still mentally strong in the sense that you can keep going for Chicago with that burning out? I plan. If I win Chicago, I'm going to go to the end. Well, yeah, that's an obvious here. Oh, yeah. So I'm, that win just fired me up even more now. No. It's crazy that, you know, and I always say this to people like yourself. It's, there's two types of people. There's the guys to turn pro, but then they have to work to become a good pro. And then there's the guys to turn pro who it took them so long to turn pro that they're already pro material just waiting to happen. So you can go plug yourself right into the pro ranks and do well. You know, how well you do, we won't know until you stand on stage with these other guys, obviously. But you're going to match up well because you got the size, the density, and the conditioning you're ready. And the reason you had that is because you had to work your butt off the last five years to get that. It wasn't like, you know, it wasn't just handed to you, you know, like, because you got lucky at a show, no one showed up. Right. And then like that, or you want to light away class. So you got to feel good knowing that you can go into a pro show and probably do the game and write off the bat. Oh, for sure. And I'm very excited to see how I do for sure. Yeah. I am too. I think it's, you know, we haven't seen a physique like yours in quite a while. And I think that it's, you know, the pro ranks have had a lot of older guys who were kind of running at the top of the game right now. And there's only a couple young guys that are coming up and to see like, like, you Hunter LeBraude and a couple of younger guys that are entering into the pro ranks. It's kind of like we're seeing what the future is going to look like because you guys are going to be the guys doing battle in five or six years from now when all these other guys are already retired because then I get a laugh. Daxa, maybe Daxa will be around. But no one else is going to be around seven years. These other guys that are competing now that in their 40s, they're going to be retired. So it's, it's cool to see, you know, upcoming talent. You know, when you, when you won, what was the feedback that any judges come up to you and give you some good feedback? Well, I won, which straight ones. Yeah. And they, they said everything was on point. Just work on my front last bread. Because they said, you know, when you do your back last bread, your rack is really wide. Yeah. So you know, you can hit it from last bed better. So that's, you know, we're going to practice that. We're going to try, we're going to come in, we're going to try and come in a little bigger and better condition as well. And we're just going to practice more stage presentation better. Right. You know, it's funny. But the front last bread pose really shouldn't be called the front last bread pose. I was talking about, and this is why it, it messes people up. Should we call the front last spread relaxed pose? Because that's really what it is. It's relaxing your lats and opening them up because everyone kind of, even Ronnie Coleman ever was able to hit a front last bread. His back was so big, it didn't matter. But he would like, it would always feel like he'd be doing the most muscular hit net last rest. And it locks down your lats and it doesn't allow them to open. But not been expand completely. Dory and H probably has the best front last bread of all time, you know, I think. Yeah, or Joel Stubbs, maybe, who had a great back to. But if you see, it's almost just to relax pose with these guys. It's just basically just opening their lats up. And I think that just comes with experience. I never understood it either. I always, I couldn't, that was my worst pose when I first started. It was my best, one of my best poses when I retired. So that's just comes with experience really, you know. That's great. That's great. I think a lot of people in your corner, he'd like to thank and he's your opportunity, you know, go ahead and thank the people who were in your corner and let us know, like, who was behind the scenes helping you? Yeah, so first I think my family, my mom and dad who have supported me literally since I started my body building career, literally through all the ups, all the downs, all the money that was spent, they never walked away. And never missed show. My mom, my mom loves this shit so much. She thinks she's a judge now. Oh, that's, I love the fact that your parents are into it because my dad was a football baseball guy. He had no idea about body building. He respected my dad, but he didn't really get it. I love that your mother like, fixed the team once a go to the show and yell out the poses to your dad. Oh, right. You should have seen, you should have seen. She thinks she takes all my morning pictures that I sent them to. She looked poker, teak my posing. She's playing out. It looks like shit. Chainsville. It's funny. It's awesome. I want to thank also, my coach, my Matt Jensen, who's, you know, done a lot for me. He's definitely more than just a coach to me at this point. He's definitely family and I cherish every memory we have made and continue to make at this point. And you wrap this company too, right? You're an athlete for him. Yeah, I'm a wrong nutrition athlete and a revive athlete as well. Which is awesome. Excellent. And also, I want to thank my girlfriend as well. She's been very supportive throughout the whole thing. And I always like to say this because it's true. Anyone who knows me knows no relationships like it's with me, Dorm Prep. In fact, that she's here, she's stuck through it. She's a keeper. She's either a gliding for punishment or she's a keeper like you said. Yeah, she's, you make it through a prep with me, you're a keeper. Are you a, are you a, are you a pain in the S? I mean, I used to get really grumped. I'm a pain in the S. Yes. Oh, I didn't get a gallery in the bath, y'all. And yeah. Yeah. I get pretty cranky at times. Yeah. Yeah. And overall, just everyone has supports me. I'm just very thankful for it all. And it's, it's just very humbling. I enjoy every moment of it. Yeah, well, revel in the victory doesn't last long, but you know what? What's good for you is you don't have to wait. Well, next year is you're going to be competing in a few weeks at the Chicago Pro where hopefully, you know, God willing, you win the show and you go to the Olympia and make that even more exciting. So I wanted to give you a huge congratulations. Once again, very impressive victory. You have a great physique and a great future ahead of you. And I hope you, you know, you go very far in the sport. If I was a betting man, I would put my money on you to go all the way. Thank you. I appreciate that. All right, guys, and that's going to take us to the end of another episode of live with Brought to You by Species Nutrition. I'm Dave Palombo for Nick Walker. We'll see you next time.