Old School Body Building Clothing Company. If it's been three and a half hours since you last ate protein, now you're starting to freak out, you are old school. If watching someone sit on a hammer machine for five minutes between sets playing with their phone, pisses you off, you are definitely old school. OSBBC.com for the hardest training athletes. Welcome back to Live with I'm Dave Palombo and today we have a very special guest. He's a superhero of sorts. They call them the Batman. The man I'm talking about is Aaron Baker. Welcome to the show. Brother Dave, what's up, man? I got Batman here. I'm so excited, man. I remember you know, we're getting in the magazine back when I was really getting into it in the late 80s and early 90s and I really hadn't started competing yet. Man, I see pictures of you. You'd have those Batman costume on and I was like, man, that's what I want to look like. You look like a superhero of sorts, you know, a pre-alibious superhero. Thank you. You got to have fun with it, man. That's what I believed and that's what I was doing. I had to figure out some kind of way to get my name remembered while I was coming up to ranked and being a Batman fiction hero that helped me have a little bit of fun with it. The thing is, the Batman that you were was not the Batman that's a kid's note today. You were the Michael Keaton Batman, right? Back in the day. You know, right around 89, I was in the Amateur National Level ranks, aspiring to turn professional. Michael Keaton came out with the new darker version of Batman. So there was a whole slew of Batman T-shirts, earrings, all sorts of memorabilia collectors items. So I had a ball where in different Batman T-shirts every day, you know, and match in the socks and having fun with it and doing photo shoots and Batman earrings and it just, and guess clothes and as Batman, just had a ball with it, you know. I went out to goals. I think it was the first time I was 1994 and I went into the gym. I mean, you didn't have a Batman costume on in the gym, but used to wear those tight, hot skin outfits and unitar, and I'm like, this guy is unbelievable. You were probably one of the most impressive in the gym body builders because you were always lean, you had the great structure and you would wear these outfits like that, like I mean, everyone had a look at you when you were trained. It was unbelievable. Thank you. I was playing superhero, you know, that gave me a lot of pleasure. I was getting to just have fun with the physique, you know, so many people, everyone's got their own style. You know what I mean? Some people loved to be covered from head to toe and Grace Wetz and crew neck and hoodies and, you know, that's your bag. Cool. I just, I don't know. I just like to play superhero. That was one of the things that inspired me as a youth and really introduced my, my natural artistic eye to, you know, to physique. It's like, okay, there are real people that look like that. Right. So you ain't the body building Aaron. I don't, I don't even know the story to be honest with you. Well, my older brother Larry got, he ordered a Joe Weedor 110 pound weight set. We all had that, yeah. And then he began to scrounge up every rusty ugly weight plate that he can find in the neighborhood. And he just began to work out and he drastically transformed his physique in like a year. Oh, wow. And he's shorter than I am, lighter bone structure, you know, the genetics were there. And he developed a nice physique. Did you give them a nickname? And of course, I used to sneak and read his muscle magazines. And he would always arrange them just right where he, he'd know that I'd been there. Right. And my, my magazines. And I'd, okay, okay. And as soon as he leaves, I'd be looking at the articles of Robinson and Zane and, you know, and, you know, you name it. People of the heyday. No, I'm not. You might mind most like, what did you like look up to and say, like, I remember Lou Ferigno always like struck a chord with me, but who did you look at and say, that's what I want to look like? Well, as a, like a 14 or 15 year old young brown body builder, first guy that caught my eye was was Muhammad Mac away because he looked a little like me, you know what I mean? And I thought this guy was so impressive. Yeah. And so shredded and so majestic. There was something majestic about his poses that were captured. Even in the still shots. Yeah. This guy was like a little ferro out there, you know, and, but it wasn't very long before Robbie Robinson caught my eye. I was going to say, I think of Robbie Robinson and I think of your physique. And oh, oh, my goodness, man, even today, there are things about his physique that inspired me. I mean, I always wanted hamstrings like Robbie. There are things that, you know, come on, we want everything I Robbie, what buys like Robbie, what laughs like what a little bit as long as Robbie, he's unbelievable to guys. He's like the incredible. I mean, he's still doing it at 70 or something years old. Exactly. And interestingly enough, Dave, I read a lot of his articles and studied what he said and adapted his type of training, the squeezing, the deliberate contractions, the full range of motion, the taking your time, the mind muscle link, the pain barrier. Because they don't even write about now days. I was a serious, you are a volume trainer or were you like more of a heavy trainer? I was always in between. I believed in heavy weights and I was trained to use heavy weights because when I first started training in my bedroom with the television on, watching, leave it to beaver, you know. Now you're dating yourself. Oh, I know. I know. It's out now. You've got to be, are you 60 yet? Yeah. Wow. Unbelievable. What, what, how old do you know? 60. Oh, you just turned 60. That's incredible. You're another guy who doesn't age. I've been in a few, a lot of guys who are just turning, hitting that 60 narrative. No one looks like they're 60 anymore. Romano is like 60, he doesn't look 60, you know. Oh, yeah, we had a good side reason. Yeah, I know John. No, he doesn't. He doesn't. You know. And Richie's right behind. He's right there. It looks like a kid, man. Unbelievable. It's the ice, I equated, you know, people say, you know, obviously steroids. I don't know, good for you. But I think that as body builders, we really live, you know, a pretty clean lifestyle in the sense that we ate well, we took care of ourselves, we didn't have a lot of body fat. And you know what, you don't get the wear and tear in your body when you're lean and when you work out and you're exercise and you're in fresh air and you know, we don't have a lot of stress from jobs, we're not working, you know, these crazy, nine to five jobs. I just think that the buy and fart body building does leave itself to the healthier lifestyle, even with the addition of the performance and handspoon stuff. Buy and large yes. I mean, even when I first saw Rob in the gym and I talked to people that were close to him, I found out he barely had dessert. You know, he's he would have a little tiny piece of dessert every so often, but rarely and he just had the lifestyle. Right. And I'm thinking, wow, he really eats like that. That's why he looks. Yeah. I don't need dessert either. I don't know why I was not even the sugars. I don't like, I don't feel good when I eat simple sugars. I have a fast metabolism, I can eat whatever I want, but I just need sugars. Right. Well, strangely enough, neither do I. I mean, I tell people, look, I can go months without having a piece of dessert. It's just if I wanted it's there. Yeah. And if I have it, I have it and then I go on about my business. Right. You know, if I have cookies and a body in the house, they were last because they were just, I just don't need to go and have one every day. And I'm grateful for that because there was a time when, you know, I would have, I'd be more inclined to have desserts. I think deprivation had something to do. I was going to say dieting, leagative, one eat, everything in sight, especially when you were Venice. I mean, Venice had the best place to eat. So when you'd get a more for show, I would go out to Venice just to go eat. No. Right. No one realized that the cheesecake factory started in Venice, it was that was the first place of what? That was the first time I had to eat in the air in the 90s. I was like, holy back, I was places I'm believable, you know. Crazy, man. Yeah. Crazy. And not to mention the firehouse. I mean, of course, the buckwheat pancakes. Hey, they put those on the map. Yeah. We'll practice this to all that crazy. This is the world renowned now. You know, what did you, were you born in California? I never even remember. I was born in, actually a Flint Michigan. Another Michigan guy, man. Michigan has a lot of great body balls that came out of that. But you know, I was a kid, very young, born there, then moved to Philadelphia, lived there for maybe five years or so, then moved to North Carolina where my parents were from. So I actually grew up in North Carolina, South Eastern Seaboard. So East Coast guy, Southern Heat and humidity. Yeah, you know, I was talking with Ron love about this. There's a lot of great body balls that came out of Michigan. But Tom Platt. Iris Kyle, you know, Linda Murray. Yes, people don't realize there's a lot of transplants out of that place. I don't know what's with Michigan, but there was a lot of genetic talent there, I think. Right, right. Recently, learned that Tom was originally from there. Yeah, so I, he had told me that too. I was surprised. I even forgot about that until he just reminded me. But there was a lot of people that came out of Michigan that were, that were body builders. And they just kind of moved to different places in the country, you know? Right. Well, you go where the action is. That's right. How did you get out to California eventually? Well, I was in the military for four years. I was an Army paratrooper and who was stationed overseas. One of the things that the recruiter negotiated with was the fact that my last duty station would be in California. Oh, wow. And you could have sent me to Tim Buck II. I ended up going to Korea as an overseas duty station. But I'm going to California after. So, but by then, I was a teenage competitor. A competitor on through my, you were a military. You were a military, huh? Wow. Yes. How would you go right to 18 years old, right, out of Cal, ice cool? 17. Wow. Okay. Right out of Cal, was that a culture shock for you? It was because, you know, it's an entirely different culture. Yeah. Entirely different culture. But for, it's, it's great for a lot of people. I mean, I had parents that cared and cared enough to discipline me. And, you know, so, but there's lots of people that didn't have any type of structure in their lives or discipline. And so, it's a perfect environment for them to acquire some. Right. It's the best thing for them, really, because, you know, you go out into life, thinking it owes you a living, no respect for authority or whatever. And then you learn very rapidly that the world doesn't work that way. No, no. You know, I went to school in my life. So I always had no problem taking, you know, direction from authority. But you're right. There's a lot of people that they can't handle direction from authority. Right. And, you know, I didn't go to the military. I went to jail unfortunately for five months. But I didn't have a problem there, because I don't have a problem taking orders from authority, you know what I mean? Right. And I'm, and I'm actually good like that, because I like to be told what to do sometimes, because I'm an ultra-focuser, like, you know, I like discipline. You know? You strike them as naturally disciplined, because even your dieting was hardcore, you know, and, you know, I'm like, gee, I wish I had to work with Dave when I was. Yeah. Was, was, was, did you have problems with your dieted? Was that something that was not on point? Well, actually, I came from the old school where you dieted so hard. You know what I mean? The low carb diet, diets, when I was a teenager. Okay. And so you stripped it down and then you carbed up. And so the science was changing as the sport evolved and it was a lot healthier, you know? And, you know, as the adage goes, if I knew then what I know now. You know, but dieting wasn't a problem. Even now, that's why we can eat night, you know, cleanly and have a nice, healthy lifestyle. Enjoy it without feeling deprived. Right. But I think like, when I think of Aaron Baker and I see on stage, I mean, you had, like, some of the best genetic gifts out there. We'll talk about your, your, your conscious history to admit it. But I felt like your consistency wasn't there. And I think that, that hurt you a little bit. To be honest, that's true. That's true. I, uh, one of my best conditions was, uh, I think it was the 94 iron man. Yes. You were great though. And, and I was right behind vents and, uh, Chris. Chris, for a minute. Right. So it was, I had entered one, uh, I have BB competition. I believe it was the night of the champions the, the year before. Right. But to be honest after the WBF, um, Fiasco, I was so enamored to enter any I have BB show. I just jumped on it, you know, and it wasn't really ready. But they opened the gate and I ran in and was lost in the mix. But the following year, I really worked my butt off to get in conditions. Yeah. And, um, I thought you were in the 95 either. Say again, I think you were great. 95, I remember those shows that you in Flex Wheel are going one, two and those shows. And I am a pro show. I had him on a couple of those shows. Yes. Miami Pro show and, uh, Iron Man 95. Yeah. I mean, you know, go figure. You know, that would say when you could say I could be Flex Wheel or on stage. I mean, that that's, that's to the accomplishments that not many people could could could even hold up there, you know, flex is phenomenal, you know, um, you were fit in. No, too. And, and I, I look at pictures and I go, wow, you know, and I can appreciate, um, all of it. And it was a lot of fun. But my point is, um, even though we're Fiasco competitors, I think you are, you start out as fans and you always, you'll always be a fan. I mean, I can look at pictures back. I can look at pictures of you and look at pictures of Flex and go, wow, that's crazy. Sean Ray posted one and there's always still that deep appreciation for what it took to, to reach that pinnacle. Right. I thought I had done the job that day. You know, I thought it deserved. I did a lot of people did, you know, flex. That a lot of momentum. You still have that stigma of the WVF, which we'll talk about a little bit. That definitely was working against you big time. Without question, you know, with, with obviously, we didn't, we didn't work around that would be a big deal. But, you know, he was. And so yeah, in Wayne was, you know, there's well, but, you know, but, you know, hats off to Flex. He's, he's, I look at some of the things that after I retired and look at his physique and what he went on to and it's just stellar. I mean, it's still mind blowing to the day. So there's an appreciation, you know, always, you know, for that. You, I did think I had that one. Aaron, when you won the USA in 1990, I mean, yeah, you were spectacular. I mean, as for amateur guy, I mean, you were a pro basically on that amateur stage. No, it was, what do, what did it take for you to get to that point where, hey, Aaron Baker is Mr. USA? I mean, was that a tough year for you, did you work hard? What, what do you think changed over the course of that last year into the USA? Were you able to kind of elevate yourself to that, to that level where you were able to win? Thank you. That's a good question. Well, first of all, that was a drug tested year. I remember that, yeah. But before that, to answer your question, I had two or three years scratching up the amateur ranks trying to get my name out there. You know, and it seemed like every national show I went to or state show or something, there were people that were already known. Now I didn't grow up in California. You know, I, during the California, you know, went up against Troy Zucallado. He won the overall heavyweight that year. I won the, um, think it was light heavy weights or midwitz or something like heavy weights. Um, you know, I always seem to be going up against the name game. So that, uh, aside, in addition to diligence, I think that's, uh, where the Batman thing came. The first guest posing that I was hired for, I thought, hey, why don't I have a little bit of fun? Right. Why don't I do something to make myself memorable while having that fun? But coming up the ranks, doing the, uh, nationals, doing the North American, doing the circuit coming up. Uh, and a lot of times I got kicked in the teeth. There are times I've got lost in the lineup. Right. Until aspiring young body builders look, my first competition, I probably placed 13th. You know, out of 22. So that's, you know, but then next time, you know, back then, though, people that really sometimes it was hard to make the top 15. They did an, you need to do an elimination round where it was, it was, it was so many people in the class that they would, they would do like a comparison and then they would call out the top 15 names and everyone else went home. Yeah, I know. I know. And a lot of times guys never made the top 15. No. And it was so sad too. It's like, no one cared. Now they're like, oh, everyone's got to get a trophy and everyone's got to post back into like, sorry, buddy. See you later, man. It patching the head and they go, you can get dressed in it. I see it. I can get dressed in it. Luckily, I never was out of the top 15. Do you mean that? Yeah, but I saw those guys. I felt bad for them, man. Yeah. It was. All right. See, she had coming up the ranks. You know, you placed in second year before people were talking about Aaron Baker. I remember the talk of the magazines was he's the next guy. Now you have pressure on you, right? Because now everyone wants to see what you're going to bring to that stage. How did that year go? The prep, who helped you? How did you make that happen? It went well. Still back in those days, it was just me. I mean, I worked in nine to five. And at one point, I was in undercover security agent. And I haven't walked that department store. Oh, really? That's cool. With my bag and there would be voices coming from my bag, you know, people would walk up and go, you're security aren't you? I mean, I don't know. Plus, you don't take anything. You are huge too. What do you think? You were enormous back then. Oh, yeah. Actually, Laura Kraval started working in the makeup department. Oh, no way. That's funny. So she was working to make up the makeup. And I was doing security. And she trained at Gold's gym. Yeah, yeah. And so I was like, this moment of, hey, don't you work out at Gold? So now, interestingly enough, we both won California that year. One, like Southern California, and then the California. And then, you know, we went on to place in national competitions and win national competitions. So it was, it was an exciting time. It was a humble beginning. But I look back on that with, with fondness and, you know, is that your greatest victory? Or was it one of the provv wins your greatest victory? Well, USA was the greatest victory, you know, because it was, you know, all mine and it couldn't be taken away. It could be like Russell, Vrb, or anything like that. And just literally enough, I had a lot of drive coming in. I felt good. I felt like, okay, this is going to be in my air. I'm just going to keep going. I'm just going to keep getting better and better. And then there came the climate change with the antibiotics testing. Right. So they did it in the IFBB and then they decided this year, all of the national level qualifiers are going to be tested. So what did you do? So what did I do? Yeah. Well, I knew a guy that was a practitioner of Chinese herbs. Okay. In this guy, he would always tell me, yeah, yeah, you don't need that stuff. You know, you need to be on Chinese herbs and you're a run. You know, they're a tonics that will build your blood up and that will, you know. And so when this, this, this turn of events occurred, I checked him out. Right. So how did it work out? It worked out great. I mean, my blood was so clean. Um, very healthy, lots of energy. Right. I grew, but at the same time, if I'd known what I knew a few years later about eating, about consuming calories, about filling out, about I would have looked even better. So were you, were you really natural for that show? I mean, did you, I mean, because I know you guys took things to try to beat the test and all that stuff. Did you all like it legit? All I took was Chinese herbs. Wow. And it was really good. Like, thank you. Like things that have been around for years and also, uh, Neil Spruce to his credit, uh, did my diet that year. Wow. And um, we carb up slowly and in retrospect, yeah. If I had continued, you know, would have been even better. But you know, it takes time to learn your body and going from an old school type of regimen into something new where you can actually come in bigger and fuller and more healthier. You're still going to hurt. I tell people all the time, I said, look, there was no steroids in body building. The same champions would be the same champions. I said, because they have genetic something going on genetically that is just makes them better than everyone else. And I think Ronnie would have been Mr. Olympia still. I think you would have still been as good as you were. You proved it. You know, when the WVF drug test, and we'll talk about that in a minute, you were the best guy there because you obviously probably needed the drugs, the least, you know. So, so, so, well, when the USA, okay, you get drug testing, you pass the test because you're drunk free obviously a lot of these other guys couldn't do that. And then, you know, here you have the opportunity. You got an IFVV pro card. You've known to the IVV and can be, but you don't take, you don't go that route. You get approached by Tom Platt's and Vince McMahon who were starting to, Vince is starting to WVF organization, finding organization that thrown out big contracts and the flying guys in, how did they approach you? Tell us how that all went down. Well, we were rude. Yeah. You know what I mean? And it was a great feeling. And I mean, come on Tom Platt's. Icon in this sport. And we all love Tom anyway. He trained at Gold's Venice for a time in World Gym and was just a stellar guy, gentlemen. Right. You know, very, very forthcoming, you know, just a good catch. Sure. So, he began to approach different people. And he was in charge. He was the liaison between the office and the talent. So, it was his job to help scout out and look. And I remember when I came to Gold's gym in 85, he was still training there. And Tony Pearson was training there as well. So, they would take his out to lunch, propose what they wanted to do. And you know, a lot of people, they wonder, you know, what was the, what was the appeal. They said, look, we wanted to make professional body builders household names. Like the wrestlers, like the football players. We want to have a weekly MTVish sort of television program. We want to put you guys on the map. Yeah, we're going to use your alley too, creatively. Oh, yeah. I showed them a guest posing tape of me doing the Batman performance. And it had this really crude overhead lighting, which worked out perfectly. Yeah. Because, you know, it just popped. Everything popped and they loved it. Oh, yeah. Yeah. And they sent that, sent that to them. And I wish I still have that tape. Oh, man. Sure, it's floating around some place though. But they said, okay, this guy's a character. He's exactly what, uh, so, you know, what we need. What was the offer? I mean, there's obviously was a big monetary draw, too, because you guys were making no money, you know, you're an amateur. You were probably exactly, you know, like you said, you were security guard. So, I mean, what's, what are they throwing on the table at you? Waffer wise? Well, I was a security agent, which meant I wore no uniform. I just wore a detergent. I just carried a bag in there. You're on the cover security. I have a jacket. And I pseudo blended in with the customers. Yeah, I don't believe that. First act. You stuck out like a sweat, I'm probably. Oh, of course I did. Yeah. Well, you know, and people, and you know, a day, people still stole, and I would tackle them. Just like, you know, with the cops on, and it was such a spectacle, people would just watch. That's the security footage. That's the video footage I want to say. That's me, too. That mean, I'm like, did you really expect to get away? Yeah. That's crazy. It really was bad, man. Yeah. So what have been throwing the table at you to make you want to go over to the WBF? Well, here's the thing, as you said, many of us had scratched up. And literally, in retrospect, it was the best thing for the sport at the time. Yeah. You know, who wouldn't jump at that chance? I had no I had to start a contract. Joe, we had to give out contracts after that. None. And that was one of the main reasons that he had a problem with Vince McMahon, because for years, he had a monopoly on it. Of course. He didn't pay guys. Come on. He had his hand picked. Few that he would take care of. And that was minimal. Yeah. And he'd give out magazine pages. Spreads and pages. And oh, yeah, you'll make a lot of money. Yeah, how about the money you're making? But you could be paying me so that I can eat a lot sooner. So I can write pay from my tuna fish and then you get you know, which is all you could afford. That's right. But you know what? So Joe Weater, of course, in retaliation began to procure people. Anyone that came, you know, in his midst that had potential. I mean, he signed a Paul DeLette. He started snapping people up. Did you get approached by Joe to like, save with him? No, Joe, I never had a good relationship with Joe. We are him. By the time I had a meeting with Joe, it was post WBF. Right. And he gave me some line about you were you were in another photo, you know, he didn't say that. He said, oh, you were in the other magazines. That's a joke. Everybody's in the other. Yeah, exactly. Are you kidding me? You know, but, you know, my, my, my best friend at the time, Dave Durth had a contract. Yeah, I mean, so. So, um, so he gave me a line and I realized, look, now I'm going to beg you, dude. Right. So what do you think Joe just didn't think you were Markin? Well, I don't know how he couldn't. I mean, you were, you were, uh, I mean, you were Batman. Come on, for God's sake. I won't presume to know what was on his mind, but you know, he was an old school guy in Stubborn and very used to getting his way and once he made up his mind. Right. And in retrospect, I think about well, maybe I could have said this. If I had known that that's what I would have gotten. I thought for sure, you know, right. I'm like, dude, you got way worse guys on their roster than I. Right. Do you think I didn't even do with the color you skin? Well, to be honest, I'm not one that usually beats that drum, but, you know, I do live in reality. Right. And I do know of other people that have been in that climate, you know, and things, you know, these allegedly said and, you know, we're grownups. Yeah. And this is, is 2021. It's reality. I mean, let's face it. It could be. It would be honest. I thought, okay, maybe you got enough black guys. Yeah. I don't know. I, but there were plenty on his roster, you know, I can't say that. Sure. Yeah, it was a thing. I literally thought that. I thought, well, maybe he's done enough. Well, I think it was a combination. Maybe in the fact that you, you did the WBF thing. And then in addition to that, he's like, well, how many, you know, he's thinking selling magazine's joke. It's just a business man. I don't think Joe was a race. I think Joe was a business man. And he's, yes. What's going to sell more covers, David Dirt or, or, or, or, Aaron Baker. And, and that's why David Dirt had a contract. And according to one of his old quotes, you know, that that was the case. But that, I'm not man in anybody or it is what it is. No. And even, but in retrospect, I look and I go, wow, had I in any way known that might have come that way. I would have been better prepared. I was literally floored in shocked that that was the answer that I got. So I was almost speechless. I, I, you know, you look back and you say, I could have should have, this is what I should have said. And this is, I would have made this point. Right. It, it was bam. Like, are you kidding me? Is it a booze? Yeah. And you probably didn't, I mean, you were one of the top guys at that time. So I mean, it was, yeah, exactly. And I'm sure your play seems got hurt because you didn't have a weater contract because, oh, yeah. That was, it doesn't exist now. It was no Joe Weeter. But that definitely was, was dude. I knew by who is in let's see, who's on the roster? I'm like, okay, I'm behind him. I'm. I was telling the John in, it rich, it was like, like the bus. It's like, all right. Who's here tonight? All right, Aaron Baker, you just stand right there. All the buss up, you know, you're looking at, all right? Who's here? All right, it was like that. People don't know that today. But that sort of was like, when you worked for the waiter, you got the, you know, you get the nut. Now, you know, getting back to Vince for a second, I talked to David Dirk, Ray May, Rest in peace, you know, before he had to, obviously. And he said, you guys can treat like rock stars, you know, when you move it there. I mean, first class, everything, right? See, in the beginning, and that's the beauty of it. We both made this joke and we, we tell it in interviews, you know, in the beginning, they send you limo, and you know, and take you to the hotel, and take you to Trump's hours. Take you to the, the large hotel to meet in the conference room to have a, have a discussion, like when they were making the announcement that it was going to be drug tested. It was back when Hulk Hogan was in the news and, and the unfreephy list goings on behind the scenes with referees. And, you know, it was a whole sorted business. So now Vince has to address this, this issue of antibiotics. So he causes in and he says, well, you know, Senator Joe Biden, you know, as petitioned, you know, antibiotics. Was it, was it Biden back then? That's funny. Biden was the man. He was the one who did it. He's the guy who, trouble making that was president. Yeah. And he doesn't even know he's president. That's the funny thing. I felt like, you know, what's something? You know, Newman. No, so. But yeah. So bad, you know, I've known that name since then because he's the one that he's the reason why you have the USA that was drug tested. He's the reason that the first Iron Man was drug tested. And he really should be the effervescent. Yeah. Yes. So he came in, made a speech and said, you know, gentlemen, our next show will have to be drug tested. We are going to address this issue. And we're going to show that we are. Compliant. We are policing our ranks as it were. You know, they may not have been as exact words, but that's in essence what he said. So, you know, anyway. Oh, so that's what, you know, David, I would say in the beginning, limousines. And so after the second show, which all of the, you know, you've got guys that learn how to peek. You know how to peek a certain way. You know, imagine if someone looked just as good. You were the best one up there. I thought, yeah, you and the striadam, you know, and you. Thank you. Yeah. Well, I knew I wasn't going to get hired then, where I was, but I was grateful to be. Right. But just to explain to people, the WBF was like, WW wrestling at the time. Exactly. So there was a story line you guys, it's supposed to be a foul. So everyone kind of knew where they were going to place, but it was like the act and the presentation. And it was like, it was meant to be almost like wrestling, really. Yeah. We were characters, major guns, you know, the arcane, you know, you know, the giant killer. And it was a lot of fun. Oh, yeah. I mean, we go to Europe to the Fibo and have the biggest booth there. You know what I mean? I wish it would have continued. I think it would have made it. I really think it would have changed body volume, you know. It really would have. And that's the real shame is is the pawns on the chessboard suffered. You know, in a war between two kings, the pawns suffer. What? What has only been good for bodybuilding? I think it would have kept weeter and McMahon, what can be competing against each other. And they would have had to keep funneling more money into the athletes. Right. He's trying to, you know, beat the other guy. And I think that would have just, it could have made the sport huge involved. You really could have, you know. It could have also addressed a lot of the health concerns. Maybe it would have been approached. In a more. Healthier manner, maybe we could have combated some of the negative. Stigma is involved in and just arrived at better, more healthier ways to accomplish the same thing. Yeah. You know, without all of the negative press that has occurred. From abuse and what have you. But you abuse anything. Yeah. You know, you're going to get the same result. Yeah. But Dave, Dave and I used to say. Towards the end after that second show. Yeah. Now you have many people that came in. And that's a good shape. Now life quit was the worst. I think. Yeah. But it was tough for, you know, for people that have learned to peak. They've peaked a certain way all their body building careers. And then all of a sudden you have someone saying, well, here we have this gentleman here who's going new. He has a way. It's a high-fat diet. And this was way. It was falling. Yeah. Yes. And now I had just won the USA from a drug tested year. So you knew how to do it already. Right. I took Dave downtown. That's the Kimmy man. We're, we're going to get your Chinese herbs. Yeah. So I put him on him. So that's why he came in fifth. He made the top. Yeah. And we, you know, we celebrated. It was, I remember that day when they called us. We placed that night and then we had a big, had a huge press conference afterwards. Yeah. And they called us up on stage and awarded us, you know, we had our, our medals on and everything. Yeah. And so, yeah. It was, it was, it was, what was the reason they'd been scared you guys for anything to leave? Well, it was pretty, it was pretty self-explanatory. He didn't really call us in and say we're ending it. He really left it to Tom to kind of, you know, slowly slowly kind of, let the news out. And we could feel the climate changing. I mean, okay. Now here's the point. I was coming to you in the beginning. They sent limousines towards the end. It's like, oh, yeah. Find your way to the airport, you know. So we're seeing, yes, that's the first scene. We can see that the handwriting on the wall changed. Right. And just like, yeah, we'll see you there. You know, just, yeah, that was that one. That definitely wasn't a good sign. Now David Dirtelby party is like a maniac when he was in the WBF. You know, you know, did you, were you one of the guys that saved all their money like Jimmy Quinn or did you spend it all, you know, like when you were making it? Now I didn't make what Jimmy Quinn made. Okay. And I didn't make what? Certain been now. Just one of the USA, you get offered an amount of money, which is more than you've ever seen in your life. Right. And you go, that's a great deal. I'm going to take it. And then you find out what others have been offered. So you weren't making as much as some of these other guys were. You didn't know better. No, I did. It did increase the second. Oh, it did. The second year. But, you know, I didn't, I wasn't that savvy in that regard. I didn't have the experience. You were having to pay period. Probably not. And you know what, it was, it was a good amount of money. I mean, it's, look. You get 50 grand for doing what you want to do. You know, 40 grand, 55, you know, others started out. Well, above that. Yeah. You know, now if you're used to in, in London, McMahon, you know, Did the negotiating, she's an attorney, you know, she's a pistol, you know, very short woman. I actually did, I actually did a dive first. I know her very nice. Yeah. They, you know, Yeah, very short. Very short. And it was then that I learned the word in perpetuity. That's pretty, that's been perpetuity. They were just, you know, How are you in perpetuity, yeah? Yeah. But, you know what, she always treated me well. I got along with everybody, Shane. You know, they were kids then. I know Stephanie. Yeah. And once he took us all over to the house, and, you know, we were at the pool and just had just had a ball. Yeah. And then we were not there actually good people. Like I know them personally. They're really good people don't realize they have a lot of money, but you would never know it. They don't act like they have a lot of money, you know. I have nothing bad to say, you know, about any. And as a matter of fact, um, interestingly enough, after they, they decided to make it a drug free competition. Yeah. We had regular, um, unscheduled drug tests. Right. Now, after the second competition, we were still, um, you know, locked to that policy. Right. Now we heard from the great vine, um, I could say who. But someone who understood our plight said, well, if I were you, I would start, you know, preparing, you know, to leave. So, you know what that means. Um, now, um, I did have the, tiny, herbal thing, but, you know, the background, but it was also time to cut losses and time to prepare, you know, for the IFBB. So there was one test where our numbers were, not so low as they were. So, so Vince stopped a check. Oh, so they used that as the, as the reason to cut you guys, off. Well, no, no, I'm talking about two, particularly different readings. You know, it was like, up, your numbers have changed big time, you know, and I'm sure, if I squal, like, okay, this guy's on. Yeah, but in fairness, I talk to my liaison. He put in the word for Vince. And he said, you know, you're a man who was low in the totem pole. And you know, you're trans, you're making a transition. Sure. You know, you need that money. Absolutely. You know, so, and actually, I did a little bit of wrestling. After a retired from bodybuilder. I didn't know. Oh, yeah, oh, it was a lot of fun. I wrestled with John Cena. We had a match. Oh, because John said he used to work at Gold's gym, right? Exactly. Exactly. So John, we put on shows each weekend. That's awesome. I didn't even know you did. And it just, that's funny. You know, shout out to Rick Basman, who ran the ultimate university. Did you try to get into wrestling? I mean, because you might have been good for that, I think. I actually signed a contract with another Federation that didn't last. But I had a good pay day. And I had a lot of fun. I've got, I've got footage of it. Right. It was one of those that Russell Simmons had. And it was this, Okay. It's a ribbon type of flare. So you had people from all different nations. Right. And all different types of characters and gimmicks. And so. So, but it was, it was one of those things. I ended up tearing a bicep. Oh, that's it. That was the end of that. Yeah. It healed in. 12 weeks. Oh. I was released to train. Yeah. I got back. Got the bicep back. Right. You know, and that, you know, my first thought day. Oh, no. There goes my double bicep. Of course. That's why I would think the same thing. I just said bodybuilder right there. I'm ruined. I'll never, I'll never crack a double again. Is that why you got it? You stayed away from the wrestling. You said I don't want to get hurt. Well, here's the thing. My wife at the time didn't. She didn't want me to go back into it. And it's also not. The best environment for relationships. It's hard. I'm sure. You know, it's hard and relationships. It takes a lot to traveling a lot to it, right? You know, to gird it. So from that standpoint, I wasn't afraid to go back into it. It's just that, okay, you could have to convince your wife to go back in. And at the time, you know, we had other things to deal with. Got you. So I never went back in. But in retrospect, I look back. And I realized that was probably the best thing for me. You would have been right up your alley. I'm shocked at Vince didn't even offer you something like, hey, Aaron, I know you know where I mean, you're in wrestling because I think you would have been like, been plugged right into that whole thing. Really easy. Well, you know what? I had a ball doing it. I was in the training school for what? Two years, two or three years. And we were doing regular wrestling shows. So we're getting smooth and tired. I was still green, you know, by by by any stretch, but coming along. And I think I had a with a little more time. Could have been really smooth. And I'd like to think I could have made it with the right to the right push in time. But then you would have got hurt. Who knows, you know, and then, you know, Well, here's the thing about professional wrestling. It's not a question of if you get hurt. It's when it's when. Yeah, I mean, I'm friends with Triple H obviously do his diet. He, the guy tore a lot of muscles over the years. Both quads, you know, I mean, it's brutal in your body. I think as bodybuilders, we love ourselves so much that we, it's like, it's like, even though you know you can make a good living and you probably call your wife, right? You're very popular. . He's a thing. I didn't, that's not what stopped me from going back in. I've my wife expressed that you really, you know, Please don't go back in, you know. Now, it was a dream of mine to do it. and I did it and I was given enough to get signed and I had a lot of fun with it. But at the time, the other things are more important. In retrospect, looking at the way the business works, the climate of it. It's a very cut throat. I'm sure. And it's how would I have fared in that climate? Would I have subjected myself to it? You know, and many people don't, they cut their losses, whatever. But I look at it from this perspective. And I realize it was probably for the better. Yeah. I think it was just God steering me in the opposite direction. You know, I'd had a taste of it. Got to realize another goal. And but knowing what I know about the business and, you know, and what it entails. And not any, you know, not dense is just the business itself. What it requires. So, and I learned some of that even on the amateur level when I was doing independent wrestling, coming up the ranks, you know, you get sick. You're expected to go. You got a shot. Yeah. But I've got the flu. No matter. You're jammed in. Get out of bed. But I just threw up. We'll clear it up and get, you know, so. You know, that's what you know that. It's just going to say that. How did you eventually segue out of bodybuilding? What major to side are to had enough? You know, a lot of guys stay in it way too long. You kind of left when you were still, you know, really good. What major event, you know, transpired where you said, you know what? That's it. I'm done with bodybuilding. Well, I separated from my wife. Maybe a month or so or through weeks, maybe before the 98 Olympia. Right. And so here I am beginning to enter peak weeks. Biggest show, best shape. Most months all I've ever had. Right. Trying to dial in, moved out of the house was in a hotel. Completely distraught trying to continue and hold it together. Where she sick of, where she like sick of the bodybuilding is that way broke up or was it for a different reason? No, it was, it was a number of things. And it's never one person, you know, so. Sure. Of course. It's just in, and from a maturity standpoint and looking back at who we were, who we weren't, you know, you do the best you can based on who you are at that time. Of course. And so if you don't learn from it, then then it's in vain. But at that time, it, you know, I went through the motions and did the best I could and showed up off. And I look at the footage from that show and I go, my goodness. I think I had more muscle than this show than any other show. And you had been to the United Man earlier in the year. Second, you had been third at the Iron Man in the beginning of that year, right? Hmm. No, this was 98. I haven't, in my, in my notes here, you were third at the Iron Man, seventh at the Arnold that year. 98? Is that not true? Hmm. Nope. Okay. I was six in the Arnold, I think it was 1996. I have 98 or a classic seventh place Iron Man third. I don't know. And the lipid did not place, but I don't know. So, you're saying it was a, it was a, it was a terrible year because of the relationship. Yeah, of 98. And, you know, at that time, I think I was just tired. You know what I mean? I just didn't have the focus at that time. And even retiring, it, now, I also came across an opportunity to train at ultimate university that Rick Basman used to run. Right. And that's something I always wanted to, to do professional wrestling even as a kid, even along with professional bodybuilding. Sure. So it wasn't just this thing, hey, I think I'll try this now. Right. It was like, hey, here's an opportunity to go to school. Got it. You know, and so I did that for a while, for about three years, ended up landing a fairly lucrative contract for my experience. And, you know, and the timing and all, but, you know, was embedded all for a first contract. And I have fun doing what I wanted to do. I wanted to do that for. Say again, how long did you do that for? About three years. Okay. You know, is that why you made the come, you made it come back, I think, right in the old three? Yes. So I think between two between 99, 2000, so it was like 98, 99, 2000, I was wrestling. And then I came back in 2003. And I stayed in shape. I mean, I still train hard and regularly. And, you know, I kept saying, no, I'm not going to compete. No, you're competing. No one looks like this. You're competing. No, no, no, I'm wrestling. Yeah. I'm over here. I'm wrestling. You know, and then I decided, I'm going to come out of the retirement. I'm going to go for that, that master's in Olympia. Okay. And I thought, you know what, I can win that. I don't think anybody at 42 looks looks like me right now. Sure. And events had won it a few times. And then later on, I heard, well, he's not doing it this year. I'm like, good, Vince, you go ahead. You take a rest. That would be the worst thing he was mad, right? Because he lost to like, don't know what was. Ah, okay. Okay. So I didn't have the backstory. I just, I think that was the story behind it. Okay. Yeah. I'm sure that was a pretty big upset, you know, because this is raining, raining champ. Yeah. But so I went looking for a contract. I went to the Arnold. No, not the Arnold. But the Arnold. Olympia. Right. Decided to go to Vegas, make the announcement that I was indeed coming out of retirement. Um. Stayed up, stayed there. And I was still kind of in the world, you know, I was still very much in the world. Um, of train hard, work hard, party hard. Yeah. Okay. And um. So yeah, you remember that weekend? Yeah. Back when the Craig tightest parties. Oh. You noticed I just stopped right there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It was back in those days. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. But anyway, made the announcement. Signed autographs had a, had a good time. Went back. Did the Arnold. I'm sorry. The, um, Iron Man. Um. Mr. Peak. Peak that night. Hmm. So it was just one of those things. Um, but the contract that I was waiting for didn't come through. Um, money wasn't there. No. No. So that was the, the whole point of splashing back and then getting some backing. Um, to do the, the, the, the Mr. Olympia. Right. Right. The, the master system. Never did it, huh? It is never did it. Yeah. So. And then. No more desire to get back on stage. What, what, what change in your life. Something had to have happened at that point. Something definitely happened. Um. Everything. Slow down. I actually stopped. Um. And I was, I was wondering what was going to be next. I kind of backed up and stopped. Oh, no. And a chain of events began to happen in my life where I was. Beginning to here, what I hadn't been hearing before. I was, I had grown up Christian, but I had been not. Practicing. Got to. I had been, backslidden pulled out. In the divorces, you know, there's no, uh, reason for the, the divorces instead of drawing. drawing towards God, I just kind of filled those holes with the world. God, you got to. God, basically. You've got to basically, you know, as a warrior, so. Second. You found God, God came into your life, the best way. Well, yeah, he, he, he, had just had a major encounter. And it, there's certain events that led to it that on the, the appointed day and time, I had a major encounter that just drastically just changed everything. I mean, there's no way I could have been the same guy after that. You know, and there's an expression that Mike Tyson made famous, you know, they asked him about a plan one time. You may know this and he says, yeah, everybody's got a plan to, you get punched in the face. That's right. That's right. And that's how it was with God. So there's many people that. They call themselves Christians or they believe in God or whatever. And, but that doesn't without a transformation, then you're basically not. People say, oh, I don't go to church because there's so many hypocrites there. But the, the Greek word for hypocrite actually means actor. Interesting. Yeah. Think about that. So in many people, you know, they can have a distaste for someone that says there one thing and lives another and to people's credit, many people do the best they can under their own strength. Well, a lot of people go to the gym, but not everyone's a bodybuilder, even though a lot of people call themselves bodybuilders because they don't really simply live the lifestyle outside the gym, right? They don't need to feel that. Exactly. They don't get the rest. They don't do what everything they got, it's practice deposing. So they're pretending when they go to the gym basically. Exactly. And you know yourself. They're people that go, oh, yeah. I used to be as big as you. Yeah. You know what I mean? Oh, they go, yeah. I competed in this and I won this show and you know within a few syllables. Yeah. They don't know what they got. My uncle, he was bigger than you. I said he was. I said, I'm just like 320 pounds. I said. Exactly. So the same thing with people that live, see without the counter, there's no transformation. Sure. You know what? And you want to share your encounter, is that something like private? You know, you don't. Do it justice. It would take time to set up. Okay. And then it would be so apparent. And the handwriting is on the wall. I mean, I could say what I heard in bottom line is, you know, God spoke to me. Right. So what are you doing with this new, you know, revelation since you found God? What have you, how has your life changed? What are you doing today with yourself now? What would happen then was everything changed? I mean, I quit chasing women. I quit like a lot of things that were part of my lifestyle that I would try to fill up this God-shaped hole. It's not only one thing that will fill that hole. And most of us, you know, we grab onto other idols just to make it through the day, make it through the night. So when that happened, man, I was so wrecked that there's no way that I could have stayed the same. I moved to Hawaii and see, when you have something that major, especially if it's of a spiritual nature to the rest of the world, you look crazy. I'm sure. I was like, what in the world happened to him? And I heard all kinds of rumors, you know, I was off in Hawaii, living in cave. I joined a cult, you know, it's like, what? All these weird things. It was probably the cave they found Ravey Robinson, right? What do you want to imagine? National stuff. He's living at the top of the mountain into the mountain. Right? You know, but I just surrendered everything. Sure. You know, you can't get anywhere without surrender. And it's, so that's one thing that a lot of people don't understand. It's like you can call yourself one thing. Just because you're going to church doesn't make you a son. God, this is make you a true Christian because a true Christian is not about religion. There's countless religions. But what happened was an encounter caused a relationship that I never had. And it sparked an intimacy that I'd never had. Did you know that you felt empowered by that, obviously, as well? Oh, my goodness. Dude, even now, it's like what I do now, which I'll get into is the supernatural lifestyle. The things that I see every day on a daily basis is just still never ceases to amaze me. So I see legs grow back out. I see people healed. I see, and see when I have that encounter, my eyes were open. I remember walking into Gold's gym one day to train after this. And I walked in about four feet inside the door and I looked up and I saw so much darkness in that place. I'm sure. I went, I got to get out of here. I turned around and I didn't go back until maybe 2018. Just recently, I went back and saw my pals and as a different person. But see, I have this veil over my eyes before then. And that's not all I saw once the veil came off. I saw things in my apartment that were there because I had invited them there through my lifestyle. And it never ceases to be amazing. And it's not all about goose bumps. It's also just about knowing it's an intimacy. See, you can't really even, can't really belong to God without the intimacy. Otherwise, you're doing the best you can under your own power. And people don't change by working on their character that changed by intimacy with him. So you basically weren't, you surrendered to him as we were. Exactly. That's the word I wrote down. So rendered. It's like, how are you going to have a king if you won't get off the throne? Right. And for years, I knew who I was. I knew what I believe. I had no doubts about it, but it was different when he showed up. That's interesting. Very cool. So what are you doing now? I'm so excited to hear what this is. So I'm in ministry. Hold on a couple of times. Do quite a few things. I counsel during the week. I'm counseling. I'm teaching and preaching. Speaking at conferences. Where are you living now, by the way? I forgot to add. I'm in Seattle. Seattle, Washington. Speaking at conferences, connected to an orphanage in Honduras. Impact ministries. And good friend of mine, Tom Stamman built an orphanage about eight years ago in Honduras. And now it's a city. And it's a, they grow mangos and pigs until opium. And everything, it just keeps increasing. And so they sustain themselves by what they produce. And then they sell it on the market to Honduras. And it helps benefit the city. They also build safe houses in the states. And all over the world that rescues, battered wives in child trafficking victims. So I go out once a week and I pray for people. So and I watch God do crazy miracles. And some of that's on the internet as well. But backs healed legs grow out, the legs that are in shorter grow out right before your eyes and things like that they never get old. So I live a supernatural lifestyle. That's what? Which just when I say that, some will think I'm diluted. Some more things get crazy because it sounds crazy. But I believe you. I truly believe you. I know you do. And that's the fun part is, oh yeah, I said it's crazy. But something I'm diluted, something I'm mistaken. But others get it. Others know exactly what I'm talking about. And they know that I don't even have to convince anybody. Question is, even as I speak now, there are certain people whose hearts are being touched by what I'm saying because all you have to do is look at the world and what's going on right now. And you realize there's a lot of darkness there. And if there's a lot of darkness, you know that there's light and there's enough light. So that's what, and from time to time I will still help someone with a competition with a diet or a posing, bring up a body part. Because once you're a fan, you never stop. I mean, you counsel body goes, like, let's say a guy is feeling lost or something like that's something that you have people wanted to contact you and then talk to you. Oh yeah, I do a lot of that. I see deliverance. You name it. Because there's always a need. And we've all been through things. Bondage is bondage, whether it's drugs, whether it's lust, whether it's alcohol, whether it's drugs, you know. And it's not about religion. You can work out religiously as we both know. But that doesn't bring you any closer to God. It doesn't. Body bullying is a lot of that over compensation for other emotional, you know, short we got going on and we all know that. I mean, come on. But how? Go ahead. But to get to that next to pass that and to get past that, it, you know, that takes time. Like you said, it does require surrender. A lot of us are such control freaks that we can't do that. And so until you are ready to do that, you're not going to change anything in your life, you know. Exactly. Exactly. You know, that was the first thing that I realized is that even growing up being a believer, I never gave God my, never gave my 100%. It's just like Bondage Bowman. You know, the rules are simple. You do the work. You train hard. You match your nutrition. You tow the line. You do what it requires and you will yield the fruit. And it's the same, you know, in your spiritual walk. But so many of us want to see Jesus doesn't date. And so if you're in a relationship with someone and it is basically a marriage to God, you know. But you were like, oh, yeah, oh, I'm with you. But I'm going to take this old girlfriend out. She's only going to be in town for the baby. They'll be home. They'll be yours. You know, so the cool part is, you know, God does the heavy lifting. Yeah. You know, if you surrender, and I used to think, oh, man, you know, I'm going to be the one and these boring Christians. I'm going to be on a man. I'm not going to be my half of a lot. You know, what will I do without this in that wild? Was that wrong? Was that wrong? I probably would be the greatest high that people could even imagine they just don't realize it because no one wants to go to that place because it's sometimes it's scary for people. I like, you know, well, exactly. And it's like, it's like the book Green Eggs and Ham, which I probably be like shouted down with arrows for mentioning your doctor's, the soup book. Yeah. But you know, it's like Green Eggs and Ham. It's like all through the book. This guy is like, I will not eat Green Eggs and Ham. I will not eat them. Sam, I am. Will not eat them with a mouse. I will not eat them in a house. You know, and then finally he breaks down. Oh, dude. All right, fine. It eats them. He makes it ham. And then you see that picture of his face. You know, this is the bomb. You know, you just see like these intensity coming from his head, you know, his face. Then he's got his arm around the dude walking with, walking with Sam. So for years, you know, I thought, and I, I clung to a lot of things that, you know, give you a short-lived pleasure, you know, but they don't give you peace. Yeah. There's so many, I've trained billionaires that have a lot of money, but they don't have peace. No, it's scary. People think money brings you peace. No, but I was in an action, bring you more motivation, you know. And also exposes who you are, you know. Yeah. It's not good. But then he get money is not evil either. I think a lot of people. And then it's one of the other, you could have everything, you could, if you find balance, you could have it all, you know, I think. It, exactly. And that's another scripture, people miss quote, well, you know, money is the root of all evil. The Bible doesn't say that. It says the love of money is the root. Right. Because the love of money is what people will cut people's throat for. They will rob steel, lie. Yeah. Kill. True. True. True. That you bow down to. Mm-hmm. Right. And, you know, at the at the risk and sacrifice of your marriage or your children or your personal relationships or family. For family. How many families have broken up over money? Come on. That's the number one reason. Yeah. Yeah. Great. I tell you peace is a higher currency, you know. It's like, you know, I see you at peace a lot, you know. I've watched some of your, your interviews and, you know. Yeah. You know, it was a long process to get to that point of time too. Because we're hard hit. We're so stubborn. We know what all? Yeah. Well, yeah. Exactly. You know, the first, you know, when I was 22, I thought I knew everything. You know, I went to medical school, I went to college, you know. I went to what school? I went to medical school. I mean, so I did. Oh, I know everything, right? I have a genius. You know, I, I, I, no one's had this level of education, but I do nothing. You know, I just knew facts. I didn't know, I didn't have any, any awareness or any kind of like connection to anything. And it's that's what you're talking about. Knowledge without wisdom. That's right. It took a long time. It, it's, it's, it's a learn that though. But, because, you know, knowledge is powerful in this society, but it doesn't find, like you said, you don't find peace with that. You don't find happiness with that. It's, so you have to find a balance between the two. And that, let's again, I'm a slow learner, right? And it's that. It's a long time. We all do. And there's a lot of, uh, extremely bright people that, you know, they relegate it to, oh, yeah, that's, that's good for you, that's your courage, and that's, you know, and they don't realize that the very thing that stops them from receiving that truth is the fact that they're blocking the doorway. Yeah. Because they're clinging to this. And, and even certain people that, that are believers, they subscribe to what they think. That's not really interested in what you think. Yeah. It's like if you're willing to receive truth and you move out of the way, it'll hit you right in the face and then you're, wow, I never dreamed. Yeah. Amen. So that, man. Thank you so much today for sharing all that with us and sharing your life with us. And I think people will have a much greater perspective of who you are as a person and, you know, what you went through to get where you are. And I think it's, it's amazing. If people want to reach out to you, what's the best way for them to get in touch with you? Right now, you need to reach man, Facebook. There's a few Instagram posts out there. We're still having Instagram. We're going to get that going. Say that again. We're going to get that going. Because I've got some great shots and ours and ours. We got pictures. We're going to get, we're going to get them to put up all this stuff because we want to stop it. I'll be the first guy to follow you. You send that link to me. That. I want to be number one. All right. Right. Right there. I got to be number one. I don't know. He's already got the address. I don't want to move it on his territory. Eric, thank you so much, seriously. I really great time talking to you today. And, you know, I only wish you the greatest luck. You don't see a life, you know, because you're doing some great stuff. You're really helping a lot of people. And I think that we need more people like you out there. Thank you. It's, I'm having a blast, man. I want to piece. Let's enjoy. Yeah. But good to see you, man. I'm going to, and how's Amanda? Oh, I've been doing great. We got three. You doing well? I'm kidding. In the kids. Good deal. Keep it as busy. You know, keep it young. Yes. Very good, man. All right. Thank you so much for having me. This has been blast. My pleasure. That guy's just going to take us to the end of another episode of Live with I am Dave Palombo. We will see you next time.