I'm Dave Pullumbo, founder of Species Nutrition. I created Species Nutrition with one mission in mind to provide body builders and serious athletes with no nonsense supplements that work and are backed by science. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body and that lives on in the Species Nutrition line of products we use only top of the line formulations, toast from maximum results and the best flavoring systems available. I've put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition products. If you want to be your absolute best, join the evolution. Welcome back to Live with Brought to You by Species Nutrition. I'm Dave Pullumbo and today's guest is our Cal Pro men's open bodybuilding champion. He's going to the Olympia. He's the new honking talk man himself and one of Ion's. Welcome. That was good. I love the hat. You look like a good fan. I'm a national tendency. I want to fit in so I thought I would get that hat. What are you doing in the national Tennessee? Do you have a recording contract or something? No, there's a big event. Next weekend at Carbon Culture USA is actually a Bernie Teresa Jim that he opened up and he invited us with Brent, who's also owner of the arm of the manufacturers. Some of them are the manufacturers of our supplements. He invited us to go to this event there. It's going to be pretty cool. My friend, Jim and Fuselibi there. John, we don't want to be there. Jose Raymond, a bunch of have a. Wow. It's a little bit dearest from the fitness industry. That's a huge event. I'm glad to see during these COVID times that we're still doing events. Because this might be the first event. Yeah, that's right. Well, we're all very mask and try to stay away from each other and just like somebody's got the sniffles. We kind of get powered out a little bit. But it's all good. Was it weird having to compete on stage with a mask on? I had to ask you that because I was meaning to it. That was the first show I really seen in Vegas. We're pro men had actually a mask on. I know, but the thing is is that my mask that I had at some point I was breathing was going in my mouth. But the, the, the Derek, I when you said, if you didn't break it, it could just ask us and it won't be like a, calling like a default in the points. So what kind of my call that I got, I got, I need a break. And mask Charles had involved in his mask. So he could breathe better. Oh, that's smart. Yeah. So let's go. It's not all right. I need a break. So I said, you send us backstage and we came back for a definitive call out. It's bad enough that you dehydrated to death. It's 100 degrees under those lights. And now they got to put a mask on. You see, you can't freaking breathe. I mean, what, what other hand you kept the unique while you were on stage posing there, right? Yeah, it was a little bit harder than usual for sure. But you know what? The show did go off and you did, you did win. Now, let's talk what I really want to talk about because I'm always interested in seeing, you know, how the progression of things with people. We'll talk about what you've overcome those past year in a minute. But you know, you were at the New York Pro, which took place in Tampa, you were seven place there. What I saw you look, when I saw you on stage, I knew right away that you were over-depleted to death. I knew that was a fraction of what your potential was. Because I had been watching you and I know what your physique looks like. What happened in New York? What went wrong? And then how did you guys correct it for the cow? Well, the thing with New York, what happened is that I didn't have the right Instagram filter going on. I couldn't like crop the picture problem. I didn't have a face toon, you had some details, and yeah, so I was like shit. I think Ali Pro, I can't use Instagram. Your Instagram tools were not available to you. Exactly. What happened is that my condition was very good. There was no mistakes really made the thing that happened is that we flew in. And I thought what was in was crazy high right now. I told Doria, let's get me through that. I want to be really dry and stuff. We tried to carbon up. We did carbon up a little bit, but I was flat at the prejudging. But you know what, hurt me the most, I think, is some of the poses. I felt like I shut myself in the foot, because I was coaching down too much on their front relax. On their mum double, they don't like the twist, they want me to expand. And also the advertising was coaching down too much. So what happened is that because I was flat combined with poses that make me smaller compared to the whole lineup was like freaking swall right. Like Justin, where Doria is backstage, I was like, what the fuck is that? I'm a, he was hard. He was hard to do that. So what happened is that I did my posing to hurt me way more than my condition itself. That's the only thing that happened. I was on the first call, they put on the left. I'm on the right, I guess. My right, my left, so I did it, they're called out. And because my poses were not that great, they just left me there, they didn't want to compare. But if they were to compare me with the other guys, I couldn't assume it was very good. I think I would have made it higher only if I posed better. Right. I was fine. Even when I got seven, I wasn't mad or the, all right, cool. Fuck, I'm happy I competed. No, I know I've got to be way bigger. What can I do for Cali to fix that? And from two days out, New York drove all the way to the Cali Pro show, I ate over 10,000 grams of carbs. Wow. That's great. And I fixed my posing and I had to fix sweeter to help me out with that. And also, we had like a backstage for the finals. Usually the final picture for New York, I'm a little bit fuller. And I'm pumping more, my time was a little bit better too. It's because backstage we had this, because we had a product called Carb HD. And we used Carb HD with a cup of water. And we put like, probably a gram of salt in there with the shaker. And I drank that while pumping up. And my body started coming alive more. So I was actually a bit fuller at the night show. But it wasn't enough. And the judging was done. The coverage, I mean, they probably back a little bit, but not really. You probably back with my friend, went into that school. But yeah. So the place I feel like I deserved it. I don't feel like being higher for me at one place in your two. I would have met that character as much. Sure. You wanted to wait. Like, what can I do? OK, what's next? Let's go. What can I do to be better next time? And I just went full on with, I just did my best for the whole week. I just did the, what was the best I can do? What I do, perhaps the same thing. And Doyne was with me the whole time. Looking at me every flowers, weighing me, making me pose. And then we would adjust and adjust. And I would eat every meal pretty much like a pound of rice with a heap of scooper money at 30 grams of sugar. I was trying to pull me spill over before pouring the water. And I was stabilizing and losing weight. We had it in and out where it goes Wednesday. Wow. And then I was eating like all the 60 grams of potatoes. That is like it's crazy. I was eating so much food. But my digestion was so good. My stomach stayed flat. I heard something now. I only was in salt with my meals. I'm only used to crazy condiments. Because that I think and make your garlic and stuff can be your waste of loaded money and things. Yeah. It's salt and rice. It just goes right. I tell people all the time, don't cut your sodium out. I mean, except maybe the very end because the sodium is what keeps you muscles full. I mean, I live a huge mistake people made. We didn't cut so much on that all. Yeah, even it was telling me to salt my meals. Absolutely. Yeah, that's a good thing. Sometimes people go too crazy. At the end they cut salt, they cut water too quickly. And then they take it and stuff. If you get yourself freaking shredded and peeled, peeled, it's like, how much water can you retain in any way? It's like, people try to do some nicks and the end and try to make something. No, what do you need to do is the four months before, when you need to put that fucking effort effort. Not like trying to find some magic trick at the end. Right. I think, look, I told, I told them what's his name in Valia, the same thing. I said, you're in shape already. Stop doing it. All these crazy things at the end. Just eat and we have to listen to our coach, right? So he is listening to Patrick. Two more. So and the thing is that they did a few shows together. I guess they were still learning their bodies body. So yeah, if he comes up one show, I was seven at the New York and then I won the next week. He was seven. He was one of the biggest players that he won the next show. So it's like we, that bodybuilding is cool like that because if you're in shape, if you're really like it's shape, you're peeled, you can make great improvements in the strong amount of time. I am integrating the food, but if you're kind of off of you, you have body fat to lose and stuff and you're not like dry, there's nothing that is going to help you out in the last week. I always tell people, that's why it's a good idea to do more than one show. If the first show is what you make your little mistakes and you tend to over die it, you overdo things because you're so excited about getting up on stage and with you, there was a comeback involved because you had torn your bicep lashing, you really never got a chance to like prove how good you look. See the scar there? I got to tell you, I can't even tell on stage, they did a great job repairing that bicep. Wow. Yeah. You should have just a little bit smaller than the other one, but the thing is that all of you could tell, all of you could tell. Well, a little bit, right? Tiny drop, you know what you should send your surgeon a gift certificate or something like that because he did it right now. The thing is that this one was smaller before anyway, before my dad. I got you told. But now if you look at everybody's arms, there's always a bicep smaller because now I really looked all the time. Yeah. Well, okay. If you look at, if you look at each side of your face, one side is big and then the other, there's no perfect surgery. Perfect surgery. Perfect surgery actually by itself. That's why I do this. I'm more beard on the left side than on the right side actually. I think you've been to trim that up a little bit. A shit. Yeah. But actually, if you look at the Lee Priest's arms, he torres bicep when he was 20. Yeah. Next to Jackson, Mike Melin, they all torred it by, and the one you know is really. I didn't know that. I didn't know because we kind of talked like, because of that, I just know more about bicep. There's now, but there's a lot of pros who torred it by step and they've even if those who didn't, if you look at their arms, they're different. Yeah. You know, we've talked before about what you went through to make this original comeback. Obviously, you were down in your lock, you were basically living on the street at no money. You dragged yourself out of the, you know, a miserable situation. You made the successful comeback. Last year was supposed to be your year to shine, you know, to really start winning shows and to establish myself, your physique had come back. How the moralizing and how depressing was it when you tore that bicep? I know you interviewed that you and you said you were in a good state, but now you're now looking back, was it tough to get through that time? You know, when you, after you tore that bicep, it had to like not compete. Well, the first five hours, I was very scared and I, as soon as it happened, I went on all the tours on the gym floor and I cried because I was like, I didn't know what was going to happen. The fear was because of the unknown, right? Right. It, my career ended. I have to put all the shows and what's going on. I knew it was bad. I felt it. Yeah, I felt the fucking thing of a rip and like just rip and inclusion. It was so painful. But the most painful thing was just a hurt that it made the fuck as all this, all this work that I did, I want to come back to the stage. Sure. I want to show people the other hard work I did, you know, and I love competing and I don't want to stop. But that last hint is a little bit that I said, okay, what's the best thing I can do? How can I, how can I make sure that I can come back the best that I can be? Even if it's going to be a shit, what's the best I can do? Because that's how you can do the rest. It's not up to you. So I did that. That they after I was doing likes and then I, that I, it would the cast, who still told him by said, I was doing back. I was to chest. I did one of them stuff for like weeks. Right. That was smart. That was smart because you know, they say if you train one side, yes, stimulates the other side and directly. Yeah. Yeah. It's like a tree. I treat will never grow like just one side. It will grow on two sides, right? Yep. So it's that there's a transfer of gain is like 25, 20%. Like if you never train your life, you always train the left, the right will be 20% bigger. So there is a theory, I'm not sure if I have to explain properly. But I've heard that many times in my doctor Dr. Khan who helped me out with the tear. Yes. So I just did it the best I could do. Really? Then stop moving. The only thing that I could have done better is that I think all the sweating, you really bad infection. It was a big lump on the ground. Oh, really? I didn't know you had an infection. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you find some pictures on my Instagram or something. You could see like a big lump or they could set up to you later. Big is great. What did they do then? He gave you antibiotics. Yeah. I went to the emergency room. The doctor gave me some antibiotics. And I was on there and it went down eventually. But it was very weird. I was doing this and my farm was touching my bicycle. Oh, wow. Yeah. That's scary. Especially, I think it's got surgery. It was like I have like a synthola or something. That was weird. So you got through that. You started gearing. I'm now. You originally, I know we're working, you were endorsed or sponsored by RedCon. And then you kind of switch. What happened with that whole contract? Well, Dorian Hamilton, my coach and my pretty much wife and best friends just started with, hang on with her every day pretty much. Right. He's also the owner of PumaSons Fitness. Yep. And I had coach of TMHG training. You started your own solo company and I knew eventually I would go with them because before a silent redcon, the idea was to be part of the brand. But I had to pay the bills and I absolutely got to make it make it good offer. You know, a fully could be. So I went with them and I had a good time. It was pretty cool. It was very supportive because we had a similar pass. And I kind of really did that with me. Right. And the help of the other, then at some point, it was just like, I just feel like I just asked him to get out of it. Any, he was fine. That was nice. All right. So you start working. I know you've been working with Dorian Hamilton. So now you've been endorsing his line as well. You guys sit down. You have to put together a game plan at some point. What made you decide to pick New York pro is the first show. Or was it just because there's whole COVID thing that was the only option you had? No, my first show was the first lockdown. I had like, what's one was that? It was that indeed. So you were, you were going to compete earlier in the year. That was the plan? Yeah, yeah. There was indeed. There was a show that we were in the spring. There was a lot of shows that got canceled. I know Brazil. I was supposed to do our little Brazil. Okay. Do was another one I was supposed to do. How long were you dieting into one? You must have been dieting for eight months. December 18. Wow. Oh my God. Yeah, December 18. Had you say so mentally focused the whole time? Does I love bodybuilding? You got a lot of good Instagram followers from that. No, probably. Oh, yeah, for sure. I think I'm going to be really good Instagram bodybuilding. Now, let me ask you this question because I always believe things work out the way they are supposed to. So, you know, obviously, do you think that all those extra months of dieting gave your body a more refined look because you had a lot of detail and really good lines running through your body? I did stay leaner because the thing that when it shows that I loved down, I shot it off. I came off and I just like I lost a little bit of size and stuff. But I stayed lean. And so when it was tied to it, when the shows came back on, I was like, all right, I guess let's do Boston and let's do a, what's the other one that was there? Boston and Chicago. So let's do those shows. And then I started doing those shows and I was already lean so it was just about like getting back some muscle, getting some density back. And that came back pretty quick. And actually, you know what's funny? I decided to do New York and Cali three weeks out of the shows. Really? Yeah, what did I take that show? I didn't plan to do those shows with my girlfriend Sam just said, well, you're looking pretty good. Why don't you do the Cali pro in the New York? Right. I was like, huh? Because Boston just got canceled. I was afraid that we can't social cargo. Right. So I'm like, shit. I've been asked to or anything if I can do that. And don't say, I think if there's somebody who can pull it off, it's you. They made me a new plan. And I just, I just, all right. Yeah, it's getting shit right now. And then I did a 10 days. I was, I was ready. 10 days. Okay, pull it up. Because the thing is that I would do, it's crazy because for like 10 days in a row, almost, I probably did like eight power yoga session. I was 40 minutes of cardio in the morning. Why are you doing the yoga for? What was that for? Because it's me. Just you, you'll go, power up yoga should be part of the basics of bodybuilding. Should be cardio, nutrition, weight training, and yoga. Just like anyway. It's, it's your training. Because we're always pushing, contracting, like on a trail, linear. And then we become all bound up. Yeah. And you're doing so many different things. The twisting movement, the holding, breathing. It's good for the, the mental. It's good for the spirit. Yeah. And it grounds you. And the thing that's really cool is that it humbles you. Because I was only doing stuff that I was like, good at. And I am going to the heart room. I got, I'm getting my ass kicked every time. The heart is the hardest thing I do is harder than like this. And at the crazy, crazy ability, it increases it, it gets your way smaller, it gets too fricking shredded. You can, you can, they burn up to like 900 calories in one session. Right. You know, you didn't feel like you would get over trained in that all that yoga? Yes. Well, look, listen. I did a six days in a row. I would get easier as I, but I was like, I was just like, I was just like going on pure motivation and just a little bit. Because I was doing cardio in the morning also 40 minutes too much. Yeah, I was too much. Yeah. And 40 minutes as a sound line, but I put my heart rate over 130 for 40 minutes. Oh, so you do high intensity cardio. That's not like, I just, I just do straight to the fucking pedal to the metal. On the, on the life fitness bike. I would level sometimes 15 to 20. How do you know, who she likes doing? You're a genetic freak. That's why anyone else who would do that would, would, their body would fall apart. It's a nice, organic super pump. You're, that's called genetics. You can get away with it. Yeah. I guess, but my upper body was going away a little bit though. And it's, but I would do my weight training session after that. And then I would do yoga. Wow. No one the way you needed to eat a thousand calories a day. Yeah. I was a thousand grams of carbs a day, right? Yeah. That's what he kind of like tells me to go back. That's what he's like doing the opposite. They said, but tell me, like, hey, you should do more. You're more cardio. Right. They relax. Right. You know, like, kill out and don't do cardio. And then I feel like 10 days we pull back. Yeah. You said me a little bit more and more high days. And actually dialed in pretty good. But I mean, that wasn't what's so high. Like I said, for the York, I could carb up in time. So it seems to me as though you're an extremist. You like to do things. Thank God you got Dory and who kind of like balances you out a little bit. That's what it seems like. I would be like, you'd be able to say, I should do classic. I could probably do classic if I train myself. I would lose 40 pounds of muscle like that. I love that pose. There's a pose of you and Logan Frank. And I think in it like a posing. Oh, yeah. I loved that. I loved that picture. I put it up when I was doing my interviews. And heavy muscle ready. I think it's an awesome picture between you guys. It's like, yeah, and Laura has a, it's a, it's a pin or art. Yeah. You should do some, you should do some fine some guy who's like an artistic photographer and get some, some good shots because you know, well, which age do muscle, I do in sister Mariah. She just went for the first time. She's how we do photography. And it's for the first time she went on a trip with us to do content. And if you look at the, our YouTube channel, age do muscle. Yeah. YouTube dot com slash age do muscle. She's filming it. And I'll over up back home, big through media is editing it. It's just, they could great pictures. So there's a lot of cool pictures. I have a lot of stuff to post when I'm like, yeah, you can be in a magazine. You've got that artistic look to your physique. You got great. You know the angles to hit. And yeah, you know, I'm pretty good with like the angles and looking good on Instagram. You know, I didn't even like, I'd love to see like a photo shoot between you and Kai Green to just the diversity of the physics. Yeah, great. He's a, you know, he's his own style. And I like that. But there, I don't think you're selling posting routine in the York. I like to do stuff now. That's pretty unique also. But I love I can. Yeah, it's like I try to just find poses that people have never seen before. Right. And Milo, Sarchev said that he saw the, some poses I never seen before. So that, that's awesome. Yeah. Yeah. I think fun with like all the classic and artsy like poses and stuff and just make a like a mixture of classic. I like a mixture of like powerful poses like a mix of door and Yates. So artistic like mixed together and stuff. I don't know. That's that's a unique talent you have. And I think that that sets you aside and kind of separates you from the rep, the packs, so to speak. It always elevated guys like Melvin Anthony up to a higher level because they were able to display their physique so well flex wheel or two. And that that definitely helps play things and helps you beat guys a lot of times that when it's close, you know. Yeah, for sure. Yeah, I get the art side in me from my mom. My mom does a she has a bachelor in arts and she does well now and she does lots of arts and crafts and I've always loved art. I kind of draw myself a little bit of stuff. But during this prep, I was so obsessed with my next meal in the training. I guess that's all I did. And I was, you know, when you're prepping, well, you know, you're just obsessed. You're like, all right, just to get about the posing and stuff. And yeah, I would post in the morning too. Actually, I got through an hour in the last two weeks. Wow. And I would lose three pounds posing. Most guys don't want to pose at all because they're so exhausted. You know, that last couple of weeks. And you're going to win more. That's why you're doing the morning. Like, yeah, I wasn't at night. Fuck that. Yeah, exactly. I did like I can barely alive. I would be able to couch in the dark. Just like, no energy to even watch a show. Right. So what's the strategy now? You win the Cal Pro. You beat Max Shaw. I'm sure Milo wasn't happy about that. But that's the way it goes. Now you're going into the Olympia. You're first Olympia at the end of December over there. What's the strategy now? What are you going to change anything or are you going to go as is? No, we're going to go bigger. OK. Yeah, we're going to back up the legs. We're going to rebound right now a little bit. Clean the system before maybe 46 weeks. Yeah. You know, I think I struggled with. I thought all that stuff and just like clear it out. And but use the food and the trading to gain muscle. OK. We're going to clean the system and rebound clean the same time. Yeah. But then when it's time to be like eight to ten weeks out, we're going to fucking wrap it up. I'm going to get shredded. It gets fucking shredded and dancing that. We're going to this time is not going to. Because I'm going to release it. It's not going to push me as hard. Right. I'll tell you to back down and push too hard because he's got to feed me and I'm going to try to come bigger. And I'm actually going to try to come with muscle bigger muscles. I don't think I can gain muscle. And because I look at myself with me, we don't straightening. And or even the last one's on Instagram where I'm posing and I'm like shit. Put that up there. It's like I'm way I'm way like fuller right now. It's like. And I'm not that watery. It's like so I could be I could have been fuller. Right. So I'm just going to do my best. Lizard De Doran's coaching advices and guidance because it's like really good. And I'm just going to come in bigger. And what did you weigh? What did you weigh at the cow? Oh. I was to 61 the morning up. I took eight to meals and I drank some carbaged geod salt in the backstage. And so I guess I wasn't maybe to 63 on stage. That's a lot of weight. That's a good weight. I mean, there's not many guys competing over 260 pounds on stage. That lead. But I'm six foot and because my joints are big, I had great new him is big. Everything is big. My knees are big. And my friend was like a bigger frame. I need to I can be say I'm pretty sure I can be 50 pounds of dry muscle heavier. But that's only upper body. Keep my ways the same and be as they tell. And with that package, Jake, I don't know if I should be more confident with myself. Because I mean, I'm seeing like a feeling he dexter all the guys are like up there. Right? But now it's like, no, I'm going to be in my head. I'm coping myself with the best in the world. Right. And it's only that each of them, I should try to sing something and I can beat them out. Yeah, I think it's good strategy. You can mental strategy. So I need to believe in myself. I'm going to be a Olympia. Yeah, of course, it's the best in the world. And people are with all of these. And the other people don't believe in me. But so far, I've been pushing hard and doing my best. And I'm going to go past the path I am right now. Obviously, the one I'm supposed to take. Yes. I've got to keep working hard in that path. And I will see what happens. But I need to change my mindset about what I can do in body body. Let me ask you this question. What did Flex Wheeler tell you when you spent all that time posing with him? Did he give you any advice that you did to heart? Yeah. Well, there's a whole video on it on an age gym muscle. You do the whole session. You can learn a lot from Flex Wheeler when I learn. And it's a lot about just two weeks on the cellular access front, relax in the two poses that he told me. And he also told me like, still poses. And like, what? Still their poses. So what do you mean? So he said that you need to do stuff to catch his people attention. Because if they're looking at the stage for, let's say, 20 seconds. And you feel a second from the other guys. You're still in their poses. Right. And he said also said, hit the first hit the pose in the last two release. And they said to like, like, call out the guys a little bit. You know, like, on stage. Right. And I just have played all that stuff. It doesn't look more like it's. I thought a lot. It's a psychological war fair up there as well as as a physical. You know, yes. And he also, yeah. And I think what also helped me out with Cali is that on stage, I have like, at energy. Well, I've protected I had. I was like, I gave, I was like, Ari, this is it. This is like, it's, it's door best here too. It's not be lazy and it's not like, you know, sloshed down. Right. It's a, it's a bummer. But he's like, show. Let's put on a show. Right. So I did that and placed give me a lot of advice. I posted it for two hours and a half. Wow. Yeah. Three days out. I was like, he was telling me sometimes. I know you're tired, but I don't care. Hold the pose. I'll get a, explain something. I was like, but it, it, it, it, it made me learn that shit. I need to practice posing way more. Which are you already practiced a lot? But yeah. But the funny thing is, I need to hold the poses 20 seconds. And I need to like act like I'm on stage in my head when I pose and I need to pose more, more, more, more posing. Just like I should be. I think we need to, it's if you have no energy, you should eat more, a little bit more, you can pose more, like almost. I think of more guy spend time posing. And I, I'm guilty of this when I, because can be, I should have spent more time posing less doing cardio because I didn't even need the cardio. And the funny thing was that you do it because you want to get that extra graininess, but you know what the posing practice will do the same thing if you do continuous sessions. I have my apple watch. I can jack my heart rate up to 140, just posing. I believe that's what I, I believe. I believe that. Well, it's like if you're contracted, the maximum you can, it's like maximum effort. I think, yeah, I got, I got a business, I got a business idea for you. I like to give people business ideas. I don't have any time to do all these ideas. You should create, you know, like they had the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the 5o boxing and they had all these different crazy. You should do an hour posing like session like routine where you actually, people can get a workout out of it, but that it's, it's a relevant cardio session. You lead the whole thing and talk it almost like you're the, like the aerobics and structure, so to speak. And right now or long video, I guarantee you sell a million of them. Yeah, I'm going to be able to post on one hour first. You can do it now. You can do it. You, you get the second genic energy. You can do anything you put your mindset. Yeah, well, of course. I, yeah, I've been a, for your limpia. I don't care. I'm just going to practice practice and practice and practice and I'm going to be the, I want to be the guy on stage. Louis doubles comfortable posing. There you go. Well, you know what, I want to give you a big congratulations. You proved everyone and all the Naysay is wrong. You came back after New York and you won the Cal Pro. You going to the Olympia. Your comeback can act. I, I say your comeback is this huge success. I mean, you pulled yourself out of the gutter. You're on top of the world. Congratulations and, and best of luck at the Olympia. Yeah, thank you. I want to say something about the haters and Naysayers. Yeah. It doesn't affect me at all when people say that when people talk negative or they say comments, like, hey, what's up with your nipples, man? Like, I, I, I go with it that I, I just say, I train the both twice a day. You know something. You got it. You, you, you, you shouldn't let that's the one thing I want to say. You shouldn't let, because what happens is that if somebody hates on you on, yeah, on Instagram is because what they saw in, in, in your picture, triggered something and then that is triggered because of their experiences in the past. Right. And they react to the stimulus of you in a certain way. Of course. It's not, it's done about you. It, you should never take it as a personal. Now, what the jealousy you took, that's another thing. Yeah. So the thing is, is what if you react back, you are reacting to their reaction of it, something that triggered them. Right. So it's like, it's just nonsense. It just, it goes nowhere. It's not good for anything. You're right. You should never let somebody's reaction and impulse, emotion affect your day. You should not let them or whatever they're writing affect you because they're being affected by seeing you. So you go to stop the cycle. That's a point. Yep. Wayne Gyer said, don't let the good opinion of others influence you in any way. What's so ever? Yeah. Not even the exact. And even the good comments. Like if you say, you know the haters, ignored the good comments too. I appreciate them. Well, the good, when I say the good opinion, I'm saying it's archastically. So yeah, but, you're, you're also writing the notes of cast of weight. Because if you feed off the likes and the good comments, you feed that and you feed that off to validate yourself, you're sure you're something to head now. You're going to look for that to feel good. Right. Balanced. Yeah, you should still go inside. You would just you and the now. And you should like I said, don't let the comments affect you because they're just triggered by what they're seeing on a screen that happens to be in the shape of you. You're right. You shouldn't let them affect your day. No, go on. Just like whatever. Like it's funny. You just see their hating. It's like, okay, whatever. Good fun. Yep. I think for me, when people hate or they say comments and stuff, it doesn't affect me at all. A zero, zero. So I wish, because I see other pros and stuff that I met people all their friends and they're affected by that. They feel they're going to reply and prove something. No, chill out. Who will you? They go, why would you give them a tension? Call your mom a step. Yeah. She did a slipboard tension. You're right. You're right. It's a very healthy attitude. Yeah, I just wanted to talk about that because I've seen some pros and stuff and they're kind of like affected by what people say, but you know what? If you have positive energy and you're nice, you just do what's good in your heart. You shouldn't be worried about what people say. My whole take on it is because people love and hate me just as much. And I always say the fact that they're even talking about me in such a passionate way, whether it be negative positive, means that I'm doing something right because I'm inciting this reaction. And that's obviously, you know, I'm doing my job, you know. And also, we're our sports bodybuilding. If it was a sports, like car racing, you will talk all this, this guy's car shit, whatever. People like you talk people like you give their opinion, talk shit about the sport they love. Right. And then it happens to be us, like we are the things that in the sport, like the way we look. So people are going to bash us. They're going to comment it. Tell them what they're opinion. That's fine because if they didn't, there would be no fucking sport to be watched. It's like telling Miss America that you're she's ugly. You know what I mean? Well, she's just one Miss America. She's how ugly can she possibly be? Yeah. So the guy thinks it's she's ugly. Some people just say they want to voice your opinion because they just love like that sport or whatever. It's like this, what they do, people are going to talk shit about people like you did an emotional about and the fail teams. They fight over them. They get so involved and you know, like that's normal. So people are going to talk shit. That's normal. Let them talk shit. It's good. You know, people talk stuff. It's good. This is what sports are. People like the FFs. Favorite teams, favorite bodybuilders and stuff. Like it's okay. Like just don't worry about it. Just do what you got to do and just live and let live. Amen to that Antoine. Best luck and joyer a little weekend. Say a lot of branding, curry. He's opening a gym. You said, right? Yes. Yeah. Fortunately, he's not going to be able to come because of the pandemic and the rules. Like because he comes, he won't be able to come back to train to play the club. Okay. There's going to be a lot of things. I'll be there. I'll see you're taking the place and Mr. Olivia, basically. Maybe that's a foreshadowing of things to come. Yeah. I guess it's. Yeah. I'll be there with HG muscle with Jujimu Foods, also HG muscle athlete. Thor, my coach, the Dorian Alters going to be there. We got lots of fun and also going to HG muscle.com called AV for supplements. Okay. Right away, cold AV 10, I was praying for the belt and stuff. That's my three main sponsors. Yep. I want to thank Trifectel sponsored my food for the whole trip. Wow. Thank you so much. Yeah. So I'll try to do all the food and stuff. It's pretty good that I want to take our muscle. Thank you. Thank you. And yeah. So it's a great day to be a Instagram bodybuilder here. Yeah. I love interviewing you because you got such a good mental, you know, at look. You have fun with what you do. I wouldn't be doing my job if you if I didn't ask you to take us out of this interview with some kind of creative something you're going to do for us, whether we're posing or an impression or whatever you want to do, you take this interview and exit it in your own unique style. Okay. All right. Thanks for watching. I'm Alex Mussel. This is day journal Palombo and I wear a Swiss set of these. Not here. I thought you were going to be here. A set of the real the real the technician. So who's who's been waiting lately of his clients. I don't know. But it's all going in the hood. See you next time. Bye. That was great.