So there's a lot of people like to hate on the guys who are at the top, just the way it is in all sports. Do you see a scenario where a film where to win or a film where to come in just amazing? Show that last year was an evaluation that comes back all the time best. Do you see the crowd turning around and falling in love with him and respecting the physique that he brings? Because that'd be cool too. A film shows up and he's so on the money. So amazing. The best way to ever see him that all those booze suddenly turned to chips. I don't see it happening because I think people always love to hate the champion. Now it's so lost one year and he came out of comeback. Everyone be rooting for him. But people like, they don't want to see the same champion every year. It just gets boring to them. I think the guy who deserves to win, I don't care. Like Ronnie deserved all those victories because he deserved it. And it's tough shit on everyone else that Ronnie was the best body but for eight years and a row. Or seven years and a row. But I still like Janna one. Yeah, I did like Janna. But it was but Ronnie wasn't terrible. No, not at all. So the bottom line is everyone wants to see Phil Beans. I can't imagine a scenario even if he looks amazing that they wouldn't vote for him. But although the people in the arena tend to be better body going fan than the haters who are at home. It's involving everyone in home I say there's no way to feel it can win. If it's involving people in the theater, I can see maybe. There is a big gap between what goes on in that venue and what goes on in people's living room. It's actually amazing isn't it? You come home and we all do this. You spend the weekend with busy hostings stuff doing all the stuff that we do. And then you get home and you log on to the computer and you can. So what do people think of the weekend? Because you don't have time to look at it while you're there, right? So you come home and the feedback makes you realize that you saw completely different kinds of. Well, what happens if like Dex Jackson wins like the people's choice? You know, he could. Yeah, because he's very well-wired. Dex to take that. He'd add the eights from his the OA, the one we had at 18. He'd choose to his title. He'd do his Instagram. It's going to be a lot of abuse of privileges. But that, you know, just the same way you see guys who win these other divisions and they get introduced as Mr. Oralian. Yeah, they'll probably. You can see that happening. Although I think that a lot of the top guys would not want to have the daily owners of not having one. But are the people's choice? It's almost like like the the people of the shade Mr. Oralian's might get. That's right. You know, but there's a lot of people's chance, right? That's the thing. You know, the scenarios that would make everything interesting, I think, on a week and I think that that's why they do this stuff to hype it up. Yeah. I think they figure, well, who cares? The ultimate Mr. Oralian is going to be the ultimate Mr. Oralian. Nothing's going to change that. That people argue. And debate, it makes the Oralian be that much. It's a surprise. Are you surprised that they don't bring out the 212 winner and put him with the Mr. Olympic champion? Look back in the day that you should do it, right? I know. I've been saying they should do it. What are you doing? I mean, at the very least, the fans deserve to see what it looks like. Since the beginning, I would like to say, I'd love to see. So I should just be in flex Lewis's last year as a 212 winner. Just we haven't even talked about it. Yeah. Flex Lewis, you know, 20, I had heard a room and that he was at this year's last year. And I texted him and he kind of like blew me off a little bit. He's like, don't really hear anything here. Because we were talking about, I didn't know this, but I don't know if you know this. Let's Lewis use the breathing. Birds, fingers, parrots, parrots, parrots, he's racing pigeons. Okay. Because we have that net. He knows I'd bring reptiles. Yeah. So we were talking. Is this true? This little year last year. He didn't say anything. He kind of blew me off. And then obviously announced when coming. I think he's going to come back into the open. I think that's going to be tremendous. Yeah. He's got it. I know that Neil Hill is trainer. And people who are close to flex. We train with him. Everybody wants to see what that body could look like without the limitations. Sure. A being under 200 and 12 pounds. To the point where his body is trying to explode through that division. I actually feel sometimes that flex may have almost overstayed his welcome in that division. Now, there's no bigger fan of flex. Lewis, I mean, I love the guy. He's a great, great champion. He works hard. It's hard not to like flex. But I'm a little worried about him this year because a lot of that division was created for that sort of younger muscle as cleaner lines. You know, kind of that David Henry type of look back when he started. And now flex is a more mature body. Yeah. It's a little grainier. The lines flow a little differently. Yeah. It's still a great physique. And it will still probably win next month. But I'll tell you. It ain't a foregone conclusion. He doesn't like the criticism he's getting. And I understand where he's coming from. He knows he's not as best. He can't be his best at that way. Right. He's his best probably a 220 to 18. He can't get down to 212 and be his best. So when people criticizing, he knows the criticism is real. Yeah. And there's nothing he can do about it. You can't fill up in a day or two and regain what you had to do to make that way. It's just impossible. Yeah. You can look good, but you can't look great. So I think he wants to come on to a body bone stage and look his best. Look at Lee Priestley, priest competed with all the old guys here. He was shorter than Flex. Yeah. And he did great. He won shows. You know, big shows. And so I think Flex, I don't think Flex will win the Olympia. But I think Flex will be a very, very dangerous competitor. Right now is Flex a top 7 body builder in the big division. Now the way it's this minute now, but I think in the year we will. Yeah. I think he could possibly, definitely break the top 10 if you can. And I think that he might be even higher. Right. Look, bone acts up there. How much bigger is bone acting? I think we'll go back when. Bona is good. This is scenario where you could win. I thought he should have be Romney last year and if film had been off, you know, a little more than he was, you know, bone equity. I kind of feel like Bona not that there are physics compared, but I feel like Bona represents what Dekster used to represent. Being that guy, where if the guy's, if the guy's miss it, that he's that guy, who you kind of know what you're going to get now. And he's good. The problem with Bona is that he's not as consistent as Dekster. And that's why Dekster is the one. No, no. No one is. And that's, but you know, it's filled with kind of consistent too. And that's where his, you know, Mr. consistency, I show him. And that's why he's been able to win so many times. You know, he's, if Dekster was his biggest cell, okay, Dekster would be winning the Olympic at 20 times. You know, the last couple years, but the film came up. He was younger. He had a little bit fresh from us. He was a little bigger, a little round and more cartoonish. And he's a better version of Dekster. But he is, you know, but when he's off, Dekster exploits that. And that's why Dekster's so dangerous waiting in the wings. You know, it's like George Foreman, when George Foreman made that crazy comeback. And I was like, what is this all the fact I'm doing? But you knew he had that knockout punch in and Michael Moore stepped in front of him and boom, Foreman knocked him out. He's a world champion. So Dekster's there also. Don't, don't count him out. You know, you can't forget him. I think he's more dangerous than Sean Rodinus. I mean, just the story of Dekster finishing the top five again this year. It's been every year. I didn't believe it. Every single year, guys come and they go in the mirror. Dekster, he's got to spot the top five every single year. And it's remarkable. And to me, it's one of the greatest achievements in sports. To be able to do what he's doing, Deket in Deket. It's like, you know, Deket. He's like, you know, he's just, he's got that longevity aspect going on. He knows how to not abuse his body so that he can continue to get more viable jettin. Right. That's the best way to say. I know where he'll defend on the Fed that I would say he's going with. Galer Fitty. I'm sorry. But I feel like the Lugar and Lugar are going to be like, you know, the point is that, you know, this Olympia is really open. I think if a high green stepson, it's a real wild part of it. But even without him, Dekronmy is surging, we're just waiting for this guy to deliver the goods. Still knows he's there. Still knows that, you know, if Wormmy, Wormmy, if it comes in at 100% which he hasn't yet. He's in trouble. What you're taking on me commercial implications in terms of the business of bodybuilding, if a bodybuilder from that region, from that part of the world, or part of the world that we know is very fanatical about bodybuilding. Right. A bodybuilder with her. There's a whole infrastructure over there. If they had the champion, it probably wouldn't be bad for the sport in terms of the business of bodybuilding, right? Oh, look at it. Doring one. It didn't show anything. Right. I think I don't think that this ever a bad champion. And I don't think this ever a bad change. I think change is always good because it refreshes the sport a little bit. I don't think that we ever thought that we'd be a Lonnie that would come on the woodwork like that. So he's waiting there and you know, probably the bystander who's looking at pictures is like, this guy's not, he didn't win. Well, we know nuances of why he didn't win and why he's not his best yet. And he's why he has, you know, what the reasoning is, why the judges haven't picked him. But once he does win, because he will win eventually, I think. I agree. I think they don't be undeniable. Everyone will say, of course he's Mr. I might be looking at the size of this guy. He's out unbelievable. I told him because he just mentioned we didn't know he existed. We used to say that when Phil started winning the Olympics, the first couple we used to say that people would ask. So who's going to be the next Mr. Olympia? Who's the guy who's going to be Phil? And we would all look around at the current crop of champion. He doesn't exist. We don't know who he is yet. And then suddenly, Rami appeared. And Rami is legit. And I know you weren't, I guess you weren't that high in what you saw from Rami last year. No, I thought his conditioning was not that good. I was impressed. We had different states. It was a different angle. But I was pretty impressed by him. And I felt that what he showed, and I thought this was important. The conditioning in years past had been really off. He hadn't found his rhythm. What I saw last year was a guy who looks like he was figuring out. It was obvious to me that he was starting to find the formula. And if that's the case, there's no stop. I thought when he worked with Chris to see over the year before. I thought for the pre-chaging and lumping he was too fly. He didn't look good. But for the night show, he looked great. And then he won the Arnold year that we could have to keep. I thought that was the best I've ever seen. I thought that look could have possibly been in the middle of the last year. But he didn't bring that look. He brought a bigger look. They like big in the Middle East. Sure, they're a big, big, big, big, big, big. Well, they're guys. And it works for a lot of these guys. Branded. But I don't think Rami's so big that he doesn't need to be bigger. Yeah. And I think at this point they have to just play the conditioning game. And I think when he comes in with conditioning, it's a one-bedroom. You're not your ruling. This guy is when you look at Rami Wanker, what comes to mind? What do you think of when you scan? It's funny because we've all been around this long enough for nothing free to say. He's the biggest guy. He's the biggest man. He's the biggest man. He's bigger than Rami. He's the biggest human to ever exist. When they show these images of this guy, it's like a living walking breathing photoshop. Things are happening that just don't happen. I think the problem with Roli is that he's too big. And he's lost a little bit of proportion. Which as a bodybuilding, I don't care almost because I'm just like, look at this muscle. Look at that muscle. But I think the aesthetics are a little, are not quite as good. Rami's got very good aesthetics for a big guy. He's very balanced up or lower. Yeah. There's nothing out of proportion. So I think that Rami has a better chance of winning the one-bedroom. The issue of people's champion. Yeah. Roli Wanker. I think he's the most talking about people. I was talking about Chik the other day. I think I have like a weekly one hour of time. Yeah. I think that's what we spent about 10 minutes of the call talking about this people's champion. And Bob said you can write it down. That really wins it. If he's really so popular. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. Marcus Roli would have been the people's champion back in the day. That's right. Because he never would have won the only one being. But people's loved the size. Yeah. Roli is the guy that would have done the a four-minute, the four-minute note, night of champions. Everybody went every single year back in the reward. Right. Because that's what he has like. And after all, if the bare root scratch roots, that's what bodybuilding is. It's about building muscle and coming in darling, free to heart. Yes. And the fans don't necessarily care about aesthetics as much as you think. Even though there is this like social media movement for the classic looks. Right. Most people don't give a question about that. Most of the fans want hard core muscle. And that's what we grow up. Especially now that there's all these other divisions where those other physiques. If they have a point. Can you showcase, right? So now it's like if we're going to get to the big stage. Let's showcase the big bodies. I am one of those people who does like the physiques the flow. I do like the degree of aesthetics. I marvel especially in the early years of fill-heat. I used to marvel over that three-dimensional muscle. I thought when he lost the Arnold Classic to the Kai was in 2010. That sounds very good. He was unbelievable. If you want to go back and look guys if you're watching, go back and watch on the YouTube videos. He was unbelievable. His waist was teeny tiny. His proportion. His size was perfect. I don't know. I definitely didn't need to get any bigger. Of course, as a bodybuilding we all want to be bigger bigger. Better. Sure. But I thought that that should have been Mr. Olympia. Yeah. And that was the ideal physique. So I think to fill genetically was meant to be Mr. Olympia. But every Mr. Olympia we've ever had as they've gotten later into their years. To the end of their reign. Their aesthetics have gotten awful. Because you know what happened? Everything rose including the waist. It's a tiny. Never have that. Rani is 99.98 waist was teeny. His 2004 or five waist was a lot thicker. Yeah. And that's just the way you know. You still look forward to going to the Olympia over here? Yeah, you do. You know, I missed the Arnold classes the first time. I did do 25 years. How you got this? Yeah. And I, you know, it's a taste. I don't even know if you're going to be able to be. I haven't decided. It's very hard with the on kids to. I think that sacrifice to the athlete. My wife alone for that many days without me being there. I don't know. We'll see if I have a sponsor. I might be able to justify going. If I don't, I might like Chris and the crew do their thing on the baron. It's funny. Like we all bitch and complain about stuff right here whenever I get to Vegas for the Olympia. It's that one moment where I have this real great new depreciation. I fall in love with body going to get ready. Every year in September, I go to the Olympia. Of course, you got the Wayne Johnson, the rock. They're all there. It's a great energy. Anybody who starts talking about the demise of body building. You walk inside that. Or lanes arena. You see Robin Shane stage production. You see the energy in the building. You appreciate the historic importance of what you're at. It's the singular greatest event in body going. And it makes me love body building again. And that's why I keep going back. Because throughout the year it's easy to get cynical and get caught up in the minutia of the negative stuff. But the Olympia, it's the hallmark. It's the Super Bowl. It's nice. You know, who doesn't want to go to the Super Bowl. That's the Super Bowl of our sport. That's what it's worth. That's worth. And I understand what you talk about. You do get in. You almost get excited about body building. Yeah. You become proud to be a part of this community when you go out to the end. And for some reason, whatever I go to these big events, tell me controversial always goes down between me and so and else. And I, it's, it becomes more than just anything. I want to be a week and all the world weekend. Me and Sean Ray or me and this person. And I, by your always the comment, did I? Yeah. I don't know what it is. It's like I'm a cold, very polarizing. You're honest, I very strong opinions. And I'm not afraid to give my opinions. And I think people, the fans appreciate that. Some don't. Most of them do. And what happens is that on those weekends, you're so charged up trying to do content. This and that and opinions that someone, invariably, you know, people block heads in a lot of times people back down. But I don't back down from strong opinions. And I feel that it's my duty as a, as a, as a press person to respond to that. Because the fans expect that. You, people asked me about all sorts of members of the body building meeting. I get asked about you and I always say that Dave Palombo is willing to go there. He's willing to go where I'm not willing to go. He's willing to go where most guys aren't willing to go. There's a lot of times where you'll do something and I will vehemently disagree with the fact that you just did that or you just did that interview. But it's served you well. Every industry has somebody who serves the role that you serve. So, and you work hard and I respect what you do. But yeah, you are willing to go places that most people aren't willing to go. Because you know what the only way change can happen is if someone speaks up right about it. And I'm not saying that I'm responsible for all the change that occurs. But I like to believe that a lot of the things that have been created in our sport may be changed. Maybe it has a little something to do with it. Right. Just by opening my big mouth and you know, and somehow it trickles back down and five years later they decided to make a change because of that. So, someone has to at least put the thought out there because if no one does, then then the sports stagnates and we don't see it. Well, the portion that can happen is for people to stop talking about bodybuilding. And that does concern me. Here we are. What do we tend to unrikes out from the biggest event of the year? We have a guy who's about to try to catch the biggest record in bodybuilding. These are big stories. We have the Kigreens story. We have Flex Lewis competing in the 212 for the final time. We have so many other dynamics in the other divisions that are playing out. I'd like to see more chatter. So, it's important for all of us to do our part to some people say, we're talking about manufacturing, we're talking about manufacturing. Well, I say, you know, manufacturing. If you got to do whatever you got to do, let's get people talking about bodybuilding. You know, Dan, I always do this every year for the Arnale. I always do pre-interviews with all these guys. I get the people and people talking about it. Do it for the Olympics too. And you know what I get? I get stonewall with the top guys because there's still with the stupid exclusivity. Why is Phil Heath exclusive? When Arnale would go, okay, and do the Olympics or promote movies. He'd go on every talk show in the entire world. Okay, because publicity is good for the gory. Same for the Olympic. Ported Mr. Olympia, Sheraton, where Flex magazine will all his sponsors on it and send them out and let them do media for everyone to promote the Olympic. You know what? The guy actually might be a like guy after that. If I got him in the studio here or if I got him on Skype and interviewed him, I guarantee you more people would like this guy because I talk to him alone. And he has a good heart. He's a good guy. I think he's a misunderstood champion because he's very passionate about what he does. He gets mad when people critique him. I guarantee if I sat down in an interview to I say, I guarantee if you sat down in a interview to people would have a different presentation. There's no question about, I actually watched Phil doing interview with somebody who I'm not familiar with. He talked about his life and his approach to business and I came away really appreciating Phil's brain. He's talking to me. He's talking to me. Very well done. I don't know why they won't let this guy do interviews with. And it's really only exclusivity. It's really him now that there's not a lot of guys who have those deals. It's only exclusionary for like, for probably you me and the other body. Yeah, I don't know why he can do TV. Let the guy do as many interviews as he wants. It's good for the freaking Mr. Olympic contest. I don't understand it. Same thing with Dexter and he got a couple of the guys under it. There should be no more exclusive contracts. It's the social media age. And we want you to be able to interview anywhere they want it to be. Because it's going to only help the sport. The good news is we are trending that right. One of the reasons I started digital muscle.com is because there were there weren't very many exclusives anymore. I have great content providers all over the room who have the freedom to provide content. Yes, Phil he does the number one body member on the planet. He still has his deal with the waiter and my people. And that's fine. But there's fewer and the fact that we can sit here by the way. Yeah. And do this now shows how much things have changed because there was a time where my contract for limitations would prevent this event. But I understand that there was magazines that there was a reason to have a season. But you don't have to truth this feels exclusive. They know what even uses him over there. They're not even using him. Maybe they'll have one interview with this guy. Why not let their champion let the Mr. Olympia represents the sport. But he's at the president of the United States for body level. That's right. Let him go out there and give his speeches and give his interviews and represent. He's a guy who's very well spoken. I wanted the reasons why they got him in there. I began much because he's a good representative. What the guy represent? That's the one thing that I really have a problem. And you should. But I think the good news is we're getting close to it. And we're getting close to it. I think simply because we're print media is headed. It's headed. It's headed. The resources are there to limit those guys the way it used to. Blacks Lewis is dying. He's dying. He's dying. He's right down here. No. No. Something contract. I can't say the freedom to do that. No. He does not. Because not be any good love to. Maybe. Imagine when you they take the title of the. There we go. But what are they using him for? What was the last interview? Some of the flex Lewis. Well, I saw the one that they just did. I'm also finished and flex magazine where he announced his decision. Right. But that was just like kind of an up news update. Right. Let's get this guy. He's the best rep. He's the best. The best of you have all tied. Right. This guy is the kind of regretter of. That's another body building. He just wants to talk talk talk talk. He's not afraid to call people out. He's very controversial. Come on. Let's. You want excitement in the sport. Let these guys talk. Open up. Take the gag orders off everyone and let these people talk because you know what? That's what the fans want. You don't need to people's champion. Let the champions themselves go out there and be the people's champion and speak. I guarantee you if you didn't lock these guys behind prison doors and not let them speak to anyone. They would actually be more like by the public. The public would get to know what they are. Personality was. No question about it. And it is one of the things that has really helped body building back. But those seeds were planted along the way. I know. It's an old guard system. It's like an antiquated system. It doesn't serve any of the stuff. The system sort of raises even in 2005 when I started probating on the weekly top radio. I would actually sign Jay color to my radio show. I didn't know. Think of the absurdity. Yeah. I look back on that now and it seems crazy. The one we mean Bob was sat down. We did a deal. He wasn't allowed to appear on any other. I remember that. Radio shows. It's now I love the concept. But at the time it was a big story, right? Jay couldn't go on your show already. Right. Well, in the time I was working for Muscle Development, I used it. And it's blackly was going crazy with you. But dance. I had dance on them. Because you were doing, trying to scoff up the interview before he did and you would put the gobash on it. And it was fun that day because he had you were valuable. And I can't see how Muscle Development. And it was flexed that didn't really have a radio show, but they wouldn't provide any content for you guys. So it was its whole like war. Which was fun. There's no warning more. The war's over. No one won. The only people who wanted the people survived. That's true and me. And I can't even say it in these survivors. And they're like on the Titanic at the bottom of the ocean. But the bottom line is that it doesn't expose the video as in serving more. The most important thing that we need to have happened is we need to everybody to thrive. Because that competition is what put money in all of our pockets. We had a compete with side B and had a spend money to be better than side B. We all won the athletes won. All of us in the media won. But now that's not the case. They're just struggling to get by. So we don't have that competitive spirit anymore. It's forces people to spend money. So as a result, the athletes aren't getting their contracts anymore. The whole model has changed for guys like us. So you gotta let these guys promote themselves? Because otherwise they can't make money. If you went into good flex loads and I end up in flex loads of the B2s, completely different interviews. And they wouldn't clash and people would watch both and they would think they would both break. Because I would ask them to completely different questions in you. Yeah, they wouldn't ask them about it. The first on life you wouldn't ask them about it. You know, what is, you know, hobbies are you wouldn't ask them about, you know, how close the competition was. You would ask them very concerned. So what would I ask you? You would ask, you just take your money. You just take your money. You're a Larry King. You ask all the questions people want to know about everything. The people like all the background that will be very organized, you'll, your flex will come out as like, Marlon Brand out in the right of you. And people will love it. And then I'll get them and I'll ask them every little dirty secret that he's got. And all the things that people think, oh, I can't believe you asked me that question. What do you say? Yeah. And so it'll be two separate interviews. And that's what you need. You see, it'll basically diversify him and show that he has different dimensions to his character. That's right. And you can get a third person who can interview and you get a completely different story about him. They could talk about something else. It's a broad reading business. So that's, and then all of the sudden people say, wow, flexosis is a pretty, fucking interesting person. That's true. But now they don't know what he is because he can't talk to anyone. That's right. The limitations are very, I'm glad we were there. Dan and I actually remarked this down. What's the, what's the day? July, what? We need to, um, I think the interview that would be really good is I've never really interviewed you the way you need to be interviewed. Um, and your story, and you hide up here in this treehouse up here, right? And you do your thing. Yeah. Um, but your story is pretty good. And I, to be honest, my favorite part about doing what we all do is, I love the stories. You know, Joey de Roe, he used to say to us, you know, he used to say it's about, we talked about the stories, not about the physics, the things that are, the physics are, what we see, but what makes this industry run are the stories. And I love the stories. I love stories about guys who went from here to here and back here and, and the things that they went through and even the athletes and what inspired them, what motivated them to do what they do and, um, on the business side, there's some remarkable stories of success and unbelievable failure. Um, things that we can all learn from, and motivated by that to me is, um, one of the, I was actually at one point when people still write books, I was going on people so red built, right? I was going to write a book, something like, like, a business of time. I haven't written a book because no one reads it, maybe. Right, there you go. But I was going to write, I was going to take, like, the 15 most compelling people that I've had the privilege of sitting down and telling their stories. Um, and it would always be like a college course type book, because these stories are remarkable. And they teach lessons. And they teach lessons, they teach business, they teach failure, um, they teach success. And I've always thought that that's sort of the thing that has kept me doing this for as long as I've been doing this. Yeah, that's, that's, that's the people. So this is the stories that they have to tell them. That's what, when I interview people, I try to find that story, the line, what's going on, you know, because there's a story behind every single person. These are the most boring person, and as an interview, if you could find that story, I think you did your job. That's right. And sometimes I can't do it. Sometimes I, I fail. I'm like, you know what, that was a terrible interview. And people might like it anyway, but I, I feel like I failed. But then sometimes I get to the heart of who that person is, and all of a sudden they unlock something that they had never talked about. And I'm like, that was the interview that I needed to do. We're all in search of that one. You know, if you're doing it, okay? I was the last person. I purposely waited to be the last person that I've been to. Because I was a person who did it. No, no, no, no. I mean, in terms of like, everyone, all these media sources, we're doing it in self-advalent. Okay. A lot of people in the interview, people said you wanted to do it. Because I know I have wanted to. And I sound like I'm not ready yet. And I interviewed him recently. And I, it was a four part of you. And I thought it was probably one of the better interviews I've ever done. And I think a lot of people agree with that. And while during reveal, a lot about his character, who he was, and he competing in what it was like to compete, and what he felt, all the things he went through. All the questions I wanted to tell was, is during never talked about anything when he was competing. No, I asked him all the questions I had, which people like, but then I got the last part. I got to ask him about some of the social beliefs. And we talked about the Holocaust. And now, because he had put out some controversial statements about how he had didn't believe it or really was the Holocaust. He was telling me that Jewish people had swimming pools, and they had softball leagues there. And it was, and none of us really killed. And they started a starvation. And I was able to challenge him. Now, this was not something I even, because they thought, but happened. Because I thought maybe he would say, oh, I just, you know, I didn't really believe that. But he, that was his belief. And I challenged it, and it was real. And it was real drama, and it was not edited, and it was his beliefs versus what I believe, and people like that. Because of that real. And he afterwards he called me up and he said, you think we should take that off. Because he didn't know I was going to ask him that. I said, no, that's your beliefs. I said, you're entitled to those beliefs. And that's fine. And that's what makes you do our innate to you. You left it in there. And I thought that was, that was the reason why that interview was so important. Because it was really, that was really the way he felt it. He wasn't ashamed to say it. And I wasn't ashamed to challenge him. It was a very uncomfortable situation, because I always looked up to Doryan. And I still did. I think he's, he was a, he was a, a great, great, great, spy, was a whole time. And he's a very interesting person. Well, but it was a hard interview to do. And it's interesting that you say that, because when we started doing this, years back, there was, the bar was lower. We could interview a guy about sets and reps. And people were fascinated. I remember when I first started doing a pro body of a weekly, he would call the enter. They would write in and they would say, I have some way to eat for breakfast. They would say things like, wow, that's the first time I ever heard Sean Ray speak. You know? And I'm unfortunate. You're Sean Ray speak all the time. No, no, no, no. But no, what an all seriousness. We know we have the situation. We're back then. People just wanted to grasp that any piece of information about their contest prep, their carb, the protein, their sodium manipulation. They were cool with all that stuff. And now with the access to the world has to do with that. So what you're doing is really important day because you're going there and you're creating a layer of exposure and disclosure for these athletes that they need because the fans, the people who consume this information, they want more. They need more. It's no longer good enough for them to just come on and ask some sugarcoded interview because there's not enough that to keep people in need. If you want to know that these guys are real people with the real process and real issues in life and real solutions. There's a lot of the, to be a champion, you have to be able to solve problems. Yeah. And Dory Nage was a great problem, solve it. He overcame a lot of injuries and drama in his life to win six Olympias. That's right. And the most unbelievable fashion of the time. And that's what made him so special. Ronnie Coleman too. Look where, look at Ronnie Coleman. Or you feel bad for Ronnie Coleman as a field vet for Ronnie Coleman. I feel bad for Ronnie Coleman as a summer's pain. But he wouldn't trade it for the world. And then when he went to Olympias. That was important. So that's an important story. You know, there he went. Look, I mean, a lot of people would say, well, he's crazy. You know, look what he did to his body. He sees crippled hours. He can't walk. And he's in pain chronically. But Ronnie Coleman was in care about that. I mean, he has to want to be in pain. But Ronnie Coleman would not trade a single day for, who would fur for those titles that he had. That he did what he wanted on his deadline. And that's, and he always reveals that. He always does that. And he's in a busy. He never says, no, I don't regret anything. I regret that I didn't do more weight, you know. And so that's real. That's, you know, that's, that's drama. That's what people want to see. Because you know what? There's not many people who are willing to go there. That's right. Sacrifice their body, sacrifice themselves. You know, give up pleasure to achieve something. That's right. And that's why there's not that many great people out there. There's a lot of people that just kind of, you know, live their life and they're happy with their families. And never going to do crazy great things in their life. Because they're just not willing to go there. That's why we enjoy watching the people who are because it inspires us. Well, you know, you get inspired by the people who trust you to help them tell their story, right? I, I, I, I, I told you the story in the past that the reds part story, right? The reds part, you know, contacted me and we all knew that he had months to live. That was great. And that was something that mean it meant so much to me because he was basically asking me to He was last interviewed. To help him tell his story to the world knowing that it would be the final time he would tell that story. So it's a big responsibility and it's obviously when you take serious things. Yeah, that was great. And it went divided away. But there's, there's just been so many great moments and there's so many great people that are in our industry. And as long as we have access to them, yeah, we can continue to access. That's the key. That's right. No more gangwriters get these to remove the, the blinders. Yeah. But yeah, thank you for stopping by. He's having that pleasure. I didn't think we'd see you came crying. No, it's like in a long island. People in the north don't like to go to the South Shore. People in Florida, East Coast, as you said, East Coast, and I was less accustomed to South. We stayed a little bit above, but before I had, I got to give her a shout out. House of pain, dress me today. I love the new house of pain. Joe, Joe Corbin, the crew of House of Pain. You guys are killing it. They want a great job. House of Pain.com. And I'm also wearing this cap. You guys might not know what this cap is. I don't know what this is. It is not a San Diego cap. This is a Marjorie Stomonduyber's high school baseball cap. Now, you guys might know that I'm from Parkland, Florida. Yes. So we unfortunately have unbelievable situation there. So many families continue to heal. And so many people are doing some amazing things to make sure something like that does not happen to GANS. Our shout out to everybody at Stomondouglas and all the great people in Parkland in that day, man. It was fun doing this. Yeah, absolutely. Dan Salmon in the Rx muscle studios. This might be a precedent in history that may never be repeated. I hope it will be though. Sometimes you gotta have me down to your studios. Do you even have a studio? Come on down. I don't have a studio like this. I don't have a set up on this, but you know what they'll find out you're coming? I'll build some film films. I'll get this out. Alright guys, I know this has been a very long interview. We'll probably break it up into two parts because I thought it was that good. For now, we're out of time until next week. I am Dave Plumman here with Dan Salmon. We'll see you next time.