Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X-Motor 30 year in a row and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry with a low carb clock tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. On day polumbo and today is Thursday, August 20th, 2020. And let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. There's one of his fans been on this earth. There have been epic tales passed down from generation to generation about how one extraordinary man was able to overcome the obstacles to slay a great feast. And a few days ago, blessing Wabba do found out firsthand what it might be like to be the hero in his own epic. In case you missed it, blessing stepped inside the zoo and decided to go one on one with a full grown male lion in a game of tug of war. Now, considering the fact that the male lion can grow up to 550 pounds, I have to pat blessing on the back for holding his own against one of the most powerful creatures on the planet. But if these were throwback gladiator times and there wasn't a full scaling closure separating them, you would need a whole lot more than a rope to conquer that bad boy. They say one of the hardest things to do in sports is to win back to back championships. Because this second time around, you come in with a target on your back, which means that you're getting everyone's best shot on a nightly basis. And a few weeks from now, second year men's physique pro, Andre Doe will find out firsthand when he tries to defend his title at the Romania pro. According to reports, Andre plans to make his season debut a few weeks from now in Romania, where he set the world on fire last season when he crews to a huge win in his rookie debut. Based on what I've heard, this version of Andre would easily beat what he brought to the stage last year. So what I'm hearing is true, Andre could be in a position to make this whole back-to-back thing look a whole lot easier than people might think. One of the most important things I've learned about being in business is that more isn't always better. And learning how to get better and more efficient at what you do is the real key to being successful in the long run. And just looking at what Brittany Campbell's been doing lately, it seems like she's trying to take a similar approach. Rumor has it that Brittany's in the early stages of prep for the Texas pro in November. Where I'm shortly looking to grab one of the last few remaining spots for the Olympia qualification. When Brittany's at top of her game, she has the potential to be one of the top 10 athletes in the figure division. So if she keeps learning and finding new ways to get better, Texas could be the perfect venue for her to showcase all her talents. If the shortest distance between two points is a straight line, the best way to get the point A to point B is to put one foot in front of the other and not stop until you get there. Simple as that, you just have to keep moving, take fun, Prima Guy for instance. For her the last two years had been a steady climb up the ladder in the women's physique division because she treats every day in every workout like an opportunity to take another step forward. And she's done it so consistently that now she's in their position to be a legitimate top five contender in this year's contest. She's walking the straight and narrow path and as long as she keeps putting one foot in front of the other, eventually she might end up walking herself right into being a title contender. And that does it to yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning on the Palaambo reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.