Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X-Box, our 30-year-in-a-row, and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry with a low-car caulk tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. On day polonbo and today is Thursday, August 13th, 2020, and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Last weeks from now, there might be a lot of New England Patriot fans crying themselves to sleep every night, because they're still in the early stages of Tom Brady post-barm depression. But luckily for Pat's fans, they still have the Boston Pro to look forward to, especially now that Regan Grimes is throwing his hat into the ring. We've only a month and a half to go before he makes his season debut, the next two or three weeks are critical, because these are the moments that separate the contenders from the pretenders, but for a guy with Regan's pedigree, backtracking should never be an option. As the great general, Pat and would say, there's only one thing to do, go forward. So if he keeps marching ahead and puts one front in front of the other, I see him as being a front runner to bring home the win. I'm going to rough road for college football fans between the big 10 coming out and canceling their season, and prime time players like Trevor Lawrence, publicly going to war with one of the most powerful institutions in America. All in all, it's been a rough ride for just about everyone involved. So if all the crazy this has you looking for a stable force to attach your anchor to, Rafa Brandeo may be your number one option. Since he's been back home in Brazil, Rafa has been like a man on a mission, which is exactly what you want when you're looking for someone, tried and true. Looking back home in his natural element seems like it's a shhhad, rejuvenating, on Rafa. And when you have a guy with this type of talent operating inside his comfort zone, it really means trouble for anyone brave enough to stand in his way. During a conversation with the president, a former White House staffer was quoted as saying, Mr. President, every great man can be defined in one sentence, what your sentence is going to be? Fred, Elas Santiago, that sentence might end up going something like this. By our second season as an IFVV pro, she'd already established herself as the most dominant bikini athlete Brazil has ever produced. Even though she only had a handful of shows under her belt, a Tila's already built up a really impressive resume by collecting a handful of wins, placing eighth in her Olympia debut and fifth in the Arnold back in March. She's gotten better every time we've seen her. So if she keeps trending upward, there are only a few spots left to climb on the ladder. And finally, I want to end today's show by sending out a very happy trails to my long time Fred Brad Grove, who announced on Monday that he was hanging up the posing trunks for a good and heading into retirement. For the better part of the last decade, Brad's been a fixture on the bodygling scene, competing in dozens of pro and amateur events, including a trip to the Olympia back in 2015. But for his good, as a representative, that Brad was on the stage, he probably was an even better ambassador for the sport away from it, where he's been featured in dozens of TV commercials and various public projects. Brad, it was a fun ride while last, and I hope that whatever is waiting for you on your next chapter is even better than the last. And that does it if you had another edition of Muscle in the Morning. On day, Pellumbo reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.