Welcome back to live with Brought to You by species nutrition visits speciesutrition.com. On the Palombeau, and today's guest is our newest IFB pro all the way from Vancouver, Canada, Brandon, Reggie, and welcome. Hey Dave, thanks for having me. I love the suit. You know, I love the little tie and then the vest. Where are you going? Well, this is a job interview, isn't it? That's right. You're right. Except you got to come dressed in opposing trunks if you want to job with us. Yeah, I'm a fancial advisor at one of the Canadian banks here. That's awesome. A real job. I like it. Not many bodies. It's a good career. So I had to ask you at home here to do this interview with you. My friend is like hard-cruc, you know, I work with him. I do his diet with him. And this past week and when he was doing the Vancouver pro, I'm show up there. He's like, you know, I'm driving to go way in and I'm going to drive back. It's like an hour and a half each way. I'm like, what are you doing? Did you get to stay in the hotel? You did. You drove back and forth. Then you went back for the show and then you left at the night show. We were texting like it was like three in the morning by me because you guys are three hours behind you. Is it going to drive in home now? I'm like, yo, no kids going to accident. It was almost to that point, Dave. I was getting a little concerned there after being up for, you know, 24 hours straight. I almost had to pull over my wife drive. But we made it. We made it. Okay. Was it was only about 40 minutes at night. Oh, what's up? You bad. Yeah, you're hard-cruc. That's real. That's real blue collar. We like to call that, you know, tight. Yeah, that's a bad thing. But you pulled it off. You got the pro card. I mean, it's great. You know, Canada was so hard to get pro cards in the past because they had like two pro cards you can get every year. Now with the opening up of the, I guess the I could be splitting and you have the pro league now going with the new Canadian alliance there. You kind of have a lot more opportunities to turn pro there, which is great. There's a lot of great bodybuilders. You pick the right show and we nailed it on the head and now you're in the I. F.B. Pro ranks my friend. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, no, it's pretty well. Yeah, no, it's pretty much I guess now we have, I guess it's I.B. Pro League. There's still only two shows a year that you can get it. It's only one card per per division. So it's still not too much easier. It's only about one extra show. I think that really. So what shows are they're in Canada now? Just a Toronto pro and then the Vancouver pro. So there's no nationals anymore. Well, there is a nationals apparently. No one really knows anything about it anymore because it's the differently. Great. Okay, so they're not associated with the new league. No, I don't think so. I don't think so. We're all around on some. So I've ever been ever in switched over to the CPA. They call it the Canadian physique alliance or call it and that's the one that gets you to the Toronto and Vancouver pro. Right. And those get you the IFBB pro card. So you can compete in the real IFBB pro league, which you know, you're pro and Arnold and they limp you. Exactly. Exactly. Well, do you pick the right show then that's good. Absolutely. Yeah, it was huge. You know, the funny thing is that I've lately the last couple of years, the talent pool it's been coming out of Canada has been unbelievable. I think it's wave. I don't want to insult my American compatriots here, but I think you guys are blowing away the American talent in the, and especially the East Coast there. They seem to have all the talent there. The Ontario guys. But there's a few of us doing the thing around here and here and here and here. It's nice that you guys have a pro qualifier over there and Vancouver. A lot of people don't know the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the Hoover's like California and like Toronto's like New York with you trying to relate to Canada. So yeah. Yeah, what's relatively new to you. So it's still, it's still got some time to grow for sure. The brand of you have a good story because I didn't, I didn't notice till before the interview, but you know, even though we worked out, you were a hockey prodigy. You came from a hockey family, which is not surprising seeing that you're living Canada. Tell us a little bit about that. Yeah. So I grew up as the youngest of four brothers. So my father and, you know, my uncle's ever unplayed hockey. Uh, so that was, you know, the family we were born into. I started playing when I was about four years old. Wow. Um, played very competitively through through my childhood. Um, when I was 15 years old, I was first round draft pick to the W.H.L. And at that point, you know, as him and Han, if that was when I went to Duranot, I always had, you know, passion for pursuing my education and going that route. Um, and then I saw my older brother play the W.H.L. And, you know, he messed up a schooling and everything like that. I was having to go redo high school courses just to get him to have these university. My objective was to get into the best business school in the country, which I did. I went up going to a starter school of business at UBC. And that was after he died. Give it up the hockey career and decided to pursue my education. You know, at a, at a 15, it's crazy that you can actually leave school and go play, you know, professional hockey. I mean, that's only a candidate that you, like you get away with that. Well, that's the thing. Well, they still put you in school, but you're, you know, they ship you off to wherever you got drafted. So you're, you know, it's a big decision as a 15 year old because you're a kid, right? So, you know, at that time, I was thinking about, you know, girls and parties and, you know, hockey wasn't a huge passion of mine. So that's when I had to really dig down and think about what I want to do. And, you know, sure I could have followed it for a bit, but I knew deep down that. If I wanted to play an age L, which I could have, you know, I definitely needed a lot more heart for the game than I did. So we, we discussed this early. You get burnt out sometimes when you, when you start things too early and that's all you do is a kid. But I now understand now why the Canadian hockey players are so damn good because it's like, that's what they ingrained in your blood almost from when the minute you're born. It's for sure. The fans on the way to part of the country, but yeah, no for sure. It's definitely a huge, a huge part of most people's families for sure. So did you feel at some point, you know, that you missed being a elite level athlete? Is that how you got into working out in bodybuilding? No, I've always been, I've always had a fascination with bodybuilding and it wasn't, you know, it didn't really, I didn't really become educated on actual bodybuilding until I was probably in university. But yeah, no, definitely having that, that competitive aspect to life is always something that I've always enjoyed for sure, whether it was in hockey or in school or now bodybuilding. That's definitely something that obviously thrive off of. I don't like to be sit around and be bored all day. I'm sure. Sure. Who does that mean? But the bottom line is that, you know, you did have a drive to do something. Bodybuilding is not an easy sport by any means. It's not like some of you, it's probably harder than hockey in a sense, although it's way. It's way more. Hockey just show up for your hour practice. You times a week and you're two hour game a couple times a week and that was it, right? Bodybuilding, you don't have a second to spare without thinking about it, right? Yeah. Is the new general, I mean, you're only 26 years old. Is the new generation of hockey players? Is it still as dangerous? I mean, in terms of fights, losing teeth and all that stuff? Yeah, I'm not a softy, I don't think anything's really that dangerous when you're talking about sports, but you know, I was certainly an enforcer and when I played junior for a minute there, I was a little bit of a fighter. Oh, you were. But yeah, no, I don't, I've heard they've pushed, I mean, I don't keep up with it a whole lot anymore. It's kind of, I'm kind of out of the hockey realm. I'm definitely fully consumed in the bodybuilding industry. I've, from what I've understood is at the younger ages, I've actually pushed back contact sport, the contact portion of the sport until later years, which is, you know, I'm pretty sure it's like 12 or 13 where you'd be for your lots of certain hitting guys, which is just outrageous to me because, you know, then also in your 15 years old and you only got a couple years and your belt of contact being in the sport with contact that you, you know, you're not quite ready for it. So I don't know, I think the world's getting pretty soft. So they're pushing things back. What's the difference between like a street fight and a hockey fight? Are there different rules or are there different, different methodologies you use? They're quite a bit different. Yeah, no hockey fights just squaring up and usually one guy's going to go for your jersey right away and then you start feeding punches, right? There's no real. There's not a whole lot of skill involved with no stocking fights. You can tell when a guy knows how to fight because then he'll dodge a couple punches and just clock you once or whatever and then you get you good, you know, with me, I never, I was able to get him to get him fights and never get hit. That's good. Worked out well for me, but I never really had, you know, everything just happened so fast and ever had too much time to think as much as I probably should have, but it'll always pan out for me. Yeah, you know, with all that equipment on, can you actually get hurt? I mean, with the fights. I mean, I've, I've definitely, definitely heard some guys before. I, you know, there's lots of ways you can block punches. I mean, you got your shoulder pads on, you can throw your shoulder, I've been deflected the punches and stuff, right? And then in junior and stuff, they started preventing you from taking out, allowing you to take your helmet off before you fight to you. But really, the helmet just messes up your hand more. Right. Right. Interesting. All the things you learn about hockey fights, who would have been, maybe a broken nose or broken jaw here and there, but that's what I think. Look, you're an IPv pro 26 is on now. You're young. You got you a big future. How do you, is this something that you want to pursue like as a full-time position, where you see yourself competing in the upper echelons of the IPv or is it still, so on the hobby level for you? Well, it's, you know, it's tough to, it's tough to put it until full-time retrospective, just because I have such a young family. And you know, I have to, they're, they depend on me for support and I have to support them financially. So, you know, it's, it's a definitely a risk if I were to pursue it full-time because, you know, in reality, competing in the IPv doesn't really make you any money. It's the things that you do, you know, all the side of the competitions that make you all the money that, you know, the social media now and all that stuff, the huge gameplay are getting the endorsements and the sponsorships competing itself doesn't really actually pay you anything. And, you know, I'm fortunate enough I have the ability to do juggable right now, so I will, you know, take it as far as they can while juggling both. Well, I mean, let's say a supplement company came along and they wanted to back you and they wanted to give you some money and, and, and, and, and, and, and able to pay your expenses and, and, and body both full-time. That's something that you want to do. I, and the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, sometimes with the coaching love that. Yeah, absolutely. Like, I'm sure everyone can agree. Everyone who's in the industry can agree that that's like a dream come true if if someone can fully support you financially, I mean, it would have to be enough. Right. Where I would be able to, you know, sacrifice the business out of bills for that. So, I mean, if it did come along and that it did take off like that, then who wouldn't take that on my opinion. What have the challenges getting ready for body-building competition while you're working a full-time job and you have two young kids, you know, 10 months and, and two years old. Uh, I'd say the only challenge really is having them, the kids being so young. Um, you know, you get a little agitated a little bit easier when the, the, the young guy squawk and at you for, for whatever reason. Um, but luckily I have my wife who who's very good. She's a full-time mom. So she, uh, she does a very good job of making sure that and that side of things are looked after and so I can, you know, focus on work and and body-building, everything like that. But it did, you know, it's funny. Dave, because we, we live up my wife and I live a lifestyle that's, you know, lines up perfectly with, uh, preparing for competitions and everything anyways. So we have the ability. Just our, we're very structured in our lives. How do we have ability to, you know, I've the ability to step my alarm for 5 a.m. When most bankers sleep till 8. Right. Right. So I get up at 5 and, you know, I'm able to do an hour cardio and make breakfast and do all my things in the morning and it'd be to work, be at work by eight. Right. Um, and that I, you know, I pack all my food and my wife helps prepare all my meals. Um, and then, you know, come home, bring the kids, the gym together. They have bigger in the gym, right? So, and my wife, my wife just is into fitness and health and everything is I. I'm so, she doesn't compete or anything, but, um, she, she looks like she competes. Right. Um, but yeah, no, it just, it works out. We didn't have, I didn't honestly have too many battles with it. You know, other than other than the odd day here and there where you, you feel around down. Everything's pretty much, kosher. Have you thought about what you want to do as your, uh, protege you? Well, you know, and just folks aren't taking the summer off. I haven't really made any set plans, but, you know, the easiest thing given my current situation would be to do that. Yeah, it's good to say. That would make the most sense. Uh, you could drive there again. Exactly. Yes. So, you know, having to have in the young kids and stuff and, you know, having to travel with them is really a lot. It's real pain in the ass. Oh, I tell them. I know. It's not the finest thing in the world. So, it's definitely even, you know, even going to the old can organ was tough to, right? Sure. Have it to, you know, we stayed at luckily stayed in my cousin's place, but I was still driving back and forth from Vernon to Klon, which is about 45 minutes. Wow. Um, and, you know, the wife's not always in the greatest mood when I'm gone all day in the kids are being pain and hurt by it. I know all about it. So, so. So, so, so, so, no, that would definitely be the simplest route would be to do back. We were in action. And, you know, I do need a bit of a rest. So, we, we have a lot of things planned to summer with the family. So, we're going to take some good, aren't I? And, uh, relax for the summer and then back to dry and ward in the fall. Oh, I just wanted to let you know that I'm very proud of what you accomplished in, you know, at the young six years of age to have that IFBB pro-cardin hand in the world by the, uh, the Kahone, so to speak. I just want to wish you the best of luck this coming summer. And, uh, obviously, I'll be in a lot more touch with you than everyone else will, but we'll keep everyone updated as to what's coming up for you next year. And, uh, hopefully we'll see you up on that Vancouver stage. And, maybe, maybe don't give you a free hotel room this year. Yeah, sure. And that's the very same thing. Yeah, sure. You're the hometown guy, man. Come on. Support the hometown and the body knows. Right? Yeah, maybe I don't know after my trophy. I got there. I don't think they're throwing out dollars like they should be. Yeah. What's the price money for the men's open there? Oh, I don't even know. I'm trying to figure out what they got. I know it was pretty decent. I thought it was a really, really, really, 10 or 20,000. I'm thinking that much. That would be nice. That would be, uh, you can figure out how to invest that properly since you're an investment like, right? Shelter, it's from tackle. Well, that's, well, that's pennies on the grand scheme of things. I know. I know. I know. Believe me. I have kids. I know exactly what you're talking about. Well, once again, congratulations on the big win, Brandon, and, uh, and good luck to you. For sure. Thanks, like it. All right. Kind of another episode of live with Brought to You by Species Nutrition. Visit speciesnutrition.com. I'm Dave Palombo, and we'll see you next time.