Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X Pro 30 year in a row and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry with the low-car pot tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Morning, I'm Dave Polonvo and today is Tuesday, October 6th, 2020 and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. There's something to be said for people who recognize when it's their time to step up and seize the moment. And so far this year, Boluos has been giving out lessons on how to recognize when it's your time. If you think back to the beginning of the restart a few months ago when everything was still in flux, that was when it felt like Bol really started to gain some momentum. Fast forward to him dominating from wire to wire at the New York Pro and now all of a sudden he's heading into his first Olympia with people talking about him as a legitimate threat to crack the top six and that's all it takes. One time for one person to recognize their window of opportunity exactly like he did at the end of the summer and now that his moment is finally here, it's only left for him to do is finish the job. Last night I was reading before I went to bed and I highlighted this quote that I want to share with you. This comfort is the precursor to action and I thought it was deep and powerful and true in a lot of ways. This morning I also thought it might explain how Amara's canani is feeling too. Yesterday I saw a clip of Amad training back in oxygen gym that made me stop and say to myself oh, the old Amad is finally back. It made me think that whatever this new surge of energy is might have come from a place of discomfort and it might be why he's pushing so hard to get back to the top because if you stay in discomfort for long enough at some point the universe always calls you to move. One of the things that makes champions who they are is the ability to step up and deliver transcendent performances when it matters most. When all the chips are on the table and the lights are at their brightest they're the ones who step up and embrace the moment, just like Brandon Curry is doing right now. After being a radio silent for most of the season all of a sudden Brandon's popping up all over the place looking like the transcendent athlete that he is. For the first time in history the Mr. Olympia will have four current and former champions all competing for a slice of the same pie and all the signs are pointing to Brandon being hungry enough to take the whole damn thing. I think it was the great Winston Churchill who said those who fail to learn history are doomed to repeat it. But by now we know William Bowenack is a student of the game and if there's one thing he doesn't want to do this time around it's have a repeat runner up performance. Late last week William stepped out of his social media bunker to post a new photo of himself hitting a back double bicep pose where you can see some of the improvements he's made in the offseason started to come together. Even for someone who's been as good as William has these last few years this 2020 line of feels like a completely different animal at the top that being said William the conquerors never been wanted to back down from a challenge and I wouldn't expect anything to change anytime soon. And that does it the added another edition of Muscle in the morning. Undead the limbo reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.