I'm going to be launching the tasty pastry for the low-car hot tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. We love to show this is our best place to be in LA. We love to show this is our best place to be in LA. We love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to Legendary Foods, Muscle in the Morning. On day polimbo and today is Wednesday, July 28th, 2021. And let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Ladies and gentlemen, we are back in better than ever with another brand new edition of Recap Wednesday coming your way. And as you might have guessed, we're kicking the show off today with a recap of the Chicago Pro. Starting with the men's bodybuilding open where Hunter LeBrona came in and took care of business. Again, one of the best lineups that we've seen all year long, to clinch a trip back to the Olympia stage. As I'm sure you've heard by now, and the two 12 division was all about Key on Pearson, as you took home the crown for the second year in a row, and confirmed his place as a top tier title contender. In classic physique, Darwin, Eurebe, captioned the attention of everyone in the division as he put together an amazing look on the way to earning his first win of his career. And in men's physique once again, Ramsey's Rams came in and took care of business as he continued to build on his career year. On the women's side of things, she and all, like spectacular on our way to earning top honors in women's bodybuilding and in women's physique, the best version of Pat Gosling that we've ever seen came out and dominated from wire to wire as she punched her ticket back to the Olympia stage. In figure, Julia Waring looked phenomenal on the way to collecting the win for the show for her second time in her career. So congratulations for a great effort. Laura Leishopados was absolutely light out in the Keene as she crews to a big time win in her season debut and a strong effort from Sarah Kobak, brought home the title and fitness. And finally, we're wrapping up our coverage year with the wellness division where Cassandra Gillis became the latest athlete to punch her ticket to the inaugural Olympia ceremonies after her big victory. The deck's event on the schedule took place up in the steel city, which once again welcomed in a long list of athletes for this year's Pittsburgh Pro Masters, where we're going to run through a few of the highlights here starting with Patricia Lloyd, who is the winner in the 35 and 45 plus Keene, and figure eat of the driver managed to pull off the trifector winning the 3540 and 45 titles, which is something you don't see all that often. So congratulations. Lenore Greggson did a little bit of double dipping in her own right as she collected wins in the 35 and 45 women's physique, and in the 40 plus women's bodybuilding when the Sanchez scored straight first across the board to collect her first win ever pro career. On the men's side of things we're starting off with the 50 plus bodybuilding, we're a familiar face in Milton Martinez managed to slide in and snag his first pro win, and we're wrapping up our coverage here with the men's physique division where the ageless wonder Michael Ferguson pulled up the second trifector of the weekend, as he swept up the titles in the 3540 and 45 classes. Recap of the day comes from the first annual Janna Roe to our pro, which is a figure only event put on by the muscle contest crew out there in Anaheim, California. When it was all set in done, Brazil's Michelle Silva, Pinto, ended up as the last woman standing, which helped her secure her well deserved. The Olivia qualification for the first time in a career, second place went to the familiar face in the career in a bra who looked great in her season debut. She'll ace a shoemaker, continue the strong start to her season with another solid top three effort here as she managed to hold off a solid fourth place effort from Rahil Kushea. And rounding out the top five was none other than veteran Kim Clark. And finally, we're closing out the show today with this brand new update from your 2019 Mr. Olympia champ branding curry. After keeping himself under wraps for the last few weeks on Monday, Brandon decided to give his fans a sneak peek at what he's been working on for the last few weeks since he made the move back out to oxygen gym. And I guess the big takeaway here would be that Brandon looks a whole lot like someone who has every intention of winning his title back. Obviously, we all know that when Brandon is at his best, he's capable of beating everyone else in the lineup, including our current champ, Big Rami. So he and the Campbell crew can cook up something special this year as a strong possibility that we could see history happen again as the Olympia title changed hands for the fourth straight year. And that does it the yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning on Deep. I'm Bobo reminding you to always be true to your passions and they should have followed us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.