And Pippe Paray is the week in here at Muscle in the Morning. And I'm Dave Palombo, and today is Friday, July 20th, 2018. And let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. As we mentioned on yesterday's show, last week in Juliena, Malacarney officially pulled out of the 2018 Olympia. And according to reports, Malacarney has stated that this is by no means a retirement from competition at this point in time. It's simply a long overdue mental and physical break from the grind of competing at the highest level for almost a decade. What this means for the future of the women's physique division moving forward probably means that we're looking at a decade of Sheneet Grant and the value of play-low going toe-to-toe, a frasier style for a title that's only changed hands twice since the start of the division. And now that we're going to have two vacant titles and a looming flex-loose retirement in the two-to-toe division, all of a sudden, the new era of bodybuilding looks like it might be here sooner than we might have all expected. One of the things you hear from people who age well is that they never stop trying to find new ways to push outside of their comfort zone. And as far as I can tell, two-toe legend, Jose Rame, and is anything but comfortable right now. Recently, the Boston Mass dropped a short clip from one of his recent leg training sessions where we see the 20-year veteran hammering out a few PRs that would have made the great Ronnie Coleman smile. By all accounts, Jose is right on track to come back and being contentioned for the title again this year and a field that seems like it's got awfully top heavy all of a sudden. But even with some of these young guys, nipping in his heels, it'd be shows up at 100% it's hard not to think that he won't be standing next to Flex Lewis trying to get everything he can handled in hopes of winning the title. Here's a saying in sports that goes something to the effect of young teams don't win championships. So I guess it probably works out in her favor than that long-time fitness that mini capes has a few rounds under her belt. This week capes and her team released a few clips from their pre-show prep to give her fans a sneak peek at what she's doing to work out the kinks in this year's routine. For the better part of the last decade, capes has been a perennial top five athlete in the fitness division. With so much riding on this year's contest, you can't help but think that this is a now or never sort of momentous for us, title hopes are concerned. So if we can get one of those vintage mini capes, Las Vegas spectacular, I think she has a good chance as anyone to be crowned the next Miss Fitness Olympia. Back when I was growing up in New York, a few of us would get together and play cards and one of my friends basements on the weekends. And I always hated when people would start calling out wild cards, because it changed the dynamic of the entire game. And when you try to survey the table of this year's 212 Olympia, one of the biggest wild cards I see has got to be 2018 New Zealand pro winner, Dr. Farghar Fadazad. Dr. Far essentially dropped out of the sky to win that show and then turned around one week later to give some of the best athletes in the division, all they can handle with this top 10 finish at the Arnold Orstralia. Since early March, all we've seen is a trail of spicy bread crumbs coming from Dr. Far and his team. But based on this little bit that we've seen, this guy could be bad for business if you're a potential top 10 finisher. Whether or not he could pull the genie back out of the bottle again for the Olympia, is still anyone's guest right now. But I can't say that it'd be shocked if two months from now he ends up finishing his season as one of the top 10 rank athletes in the division. Do you remember that old Super Mario game in Nintendo? Were you guys with double in size F-U-8, one of those magic mushrooms? Well, I'm starting to think that might be a lot closer to reality, and we all think based on what we've seen from Brandon Curry over these last few weeks. Once again, the Tennessee native is hunkered down at Oxygen Gym in Kuwait for this year's Olympia prep, where he and the camel crew seem to be brewing up some of that magic mushroom voodoo once again. Last year, Curry made himself one of the tag story lines heading into the weekend because we also saw what he was capable of at his New Zealand pro and Arnold Australian wins without having those two trial runs to work out all the little tanks. It does make you wonder whether or not they can pull off that same sort of Vegas Super size me routine again. September. And that does the yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning on Dave Alumbo reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.