Welcome back to Muscle in the Morning. I'm Dave Volongo and today is Thursday, August 2nd, 2018. I'm going to find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Hey, you remember that story about the big, bad wolf? Well, I think Brandon Curry might be about the huff and puff and blow some houses down. This week, Team Curry released some new updates from Deep Inside the Heart of Oxygen Gym, where they gave their fans a quick look at some of the work they've been doing out there for the last two and a half months or so. By his own account, Curry says that he's feeling pretty good about where he's sitting right now at this point in his prep. So now that the finish line is almost in sight, let's see what sort of tricks they have up their sleeves as we head down the home stretch. Over you get, the more you can start to appreciate the old saying, don't count the days, make the days count. And with less than 50 days to go until she makes her annual pilgrimage out to the Olympia stage, fitness icon, Riled Raver, looks like she's making all of her days count right now. The five time IFBB Pro winner was spotted cranking out some high volume leg day action earlier this week. Actually, takes another step closer to putting herself in the running to become the 2018 Miss Fitness Olympia champ. I know a lot of people who think, oh 100% Riled Raver is pound for pound, one of the best in the business. So if you can bring her any game to the big stage in September, look out for her to be right there in the thick of things. Once the pre-judging starts to get rolling. This weird world of social media that we live in, it's hard to find athletes who aren't into the whole, well look at me here I am, mentality. But after falling this career from behind the scenes for the last few years, I can safely say that Rashid Al-Draker is one of the rare few. This week we got our hands on some training video of the reclusive former NPC USA champ who's only days away now from making a surprise appearance down at the Tampa Pro. Old Raker is one of those guys who almost shocks you with how crazy Density is when you see him in person. If there's one guy who could be a potential door course in this lineup, it's definitely him. Never have one of those friends who every time you went out always seems like he was ready to end the night with a bar fight. Well, a key William seems like he's one of those dudes who's down to fight the bar every single time he steps into the gym. Tuesday morning the BK beast stepped into the gym to give the bar a beat down with another crazy leg workout as once again he somehow manages to crush seven place for reps like nobody's business. When you look at the way he trains in comparison to so much of what we see nowadays a team really is that throw back to another generation of athlete. But when you keep getting better a year after a year and show after show the way he does, you don't have to worry about a whole lot of people out there trying to question your methods. As the old proverb once wisely stated, always be aware of the sleeping giant. And unfortunately for men's physique division it's starting to look like Andre Ferguson is starting to peak his eyes open. After taking some time off to regroup from his blazing start to the season, the number one challenger to the men's physique division announced this week that he was about to officially drop the hammer heading into the last phase of his Olympia prep. When you look at what he's done over the last year or so, I don't think there should be any doubt in anyone's mind about just how dangerous this guy is when he's at his best. But when you start to factor in that he's one of those irrationally confident guys that believes he's good enough to do anything. Well now all of a sudden he becomes a whole lot more dangerous. And that does if he had another addition of muscle in the morning. On day full on bow, reminding you to always be true to your passion and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.