Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X-Box, there's 30 year in a row, and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry. It's a low-car capped hot tart, we've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods, muscle in the morning. I'm Dave Polonvo and today is Monday, September 21st, 2020, and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. To quote legendary author Jim Rohn, success leaves clues, so I'll leave it to you guys to follow the breadcrumbs that James Hollingshead has been sprinkling around lately. According to reports, James is waking up in the morning somewhere in the neighborhood of 278 pounds, and his team says they believe it will be in the striking distance within the next two weeks. As of today, James is a little more than three weeks out from the Europa Championships in Spain, which means that he should be able to coast into the final week of his prep. So if he does end up grabbing one of the last three remaining Olympia qualifications, I don't think anyone will be able to say that they didn't see it coming. 2020 has been a weird and exciting year for a lot of different reasons between the starts and the stops and the retirement and the returns. There have been a lot of different storylines to follow, and that's in addition to the fact that we're also trying to kickstart the wellness division. But if there was ever a person who can inject a little bit of excitement into wellness, your Rishna Ayala would be the woman for the job. Over the weekend, we heard a rumor that your Rishna and her team were having candid conversations about her taking a run at the wellness division, which seems like was tailor made for an athlete like her. It might not be hard to remember now, but a few years ago, your Rishna was knocking on the door of winning pro shows in the IFB Vicki division. So the fact that she can slide into a division like wellness that lets her body do what it already wants to do naturally, could be trouble for anyone who's unlucky enough to run into her when she's firing on all cylinders. Not to make this a political discussion, but recently it came to my attention that there are some people who may not be too enthusiastic about voting for either one of the major party nominees for president in November. Now, luckily for us, we do live in a democratic nation, which means that when you go for voting, you have an option to write in the candidate on your ballot. And I think if we get the hashtag at Curie 2020 going right now, there might be an outside chance for branding Curie to make a last minute push for the White House. If you guys ago, it's our picture of Brandon standing in front of the magic mirror where he looked the part of someone who might be ready to lead a revolution. So if the US really is the land of opportunity where anything in everything is possible, who's to say that Brandon can't be the 15th winner of the Mr. Olympia title and the 46th president of the United States. In basketball, there's a stat line called the triple double, which is when an athlete has double digits statistics in three different categories like points, rebounds and assists. But since double digit scoring and bodybuilding is actually a bad thing, I'm pointing a new term, the triple single. It's when an athlete places first with all ones across the board in three straight major competitions, or as they call it in bikini, the esipissini special, even though she's heading into her first Olympia title defense, when you take into account her flawless win at the international. It puts esit in line to join Ashley caught washer and Angelica Tashara as the only other woman in the history of the division, the pull off the newly patented RX muscle triple single special. So you know, all she does is repeat what we saw in her last two outings, that triple single is basically a lock. And that does it the end another edition of muscle in the morning on day pull up, reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.