Welcome back to Muscle in the Morning on Dave Palombo and today is Wednesday July 25th, 2018. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, children of all ages, welcome back to an other brand-spanking new edition of our XMuscle.com's Recap Wednesday. Let's jump right into last weekend's action all the way over. The Atlantic Ocean in Betiformme Spain where we had the first annual IFBB Bigman Weekend Championships. Big story here was the wind in the men's open by Canadian Hulk in Valier, who showed up looking like something straight out of a comic book to earn the wind insecure his first career Olivia qualification. The second was Slovakian nightmare, Igor Ilyis, who certainly played the role of Dark Horse in this lineup and impressed a lot of people in the process and ran the out the top three with the best overall performance of his career was our old friend Roman Fritz. Overall the bikini side Hungarian bombshell Diana Solomon brought home the top spot as she managed to edge out surging UK standout BB Hagen, who was forced to settle for second and closing out the top three on the pro side was homegrown Spanish knockout, Fristobalena Poharis. On the west coast and beautiful Riddondo Beach we had some of the best talents in the figure division show up and show out for this year's edition of the LA Championships. In the open division first place went to Red Hot Brazilian import Michelle Pinto, who was flat out awesome in her first win in the year. The runner-up position went to third year standout Melissa Bumsted, who continues to impress week after week with what she brings to the table and finishing third was better in this asset Julie Mayer. In the master's division it came down to a photo finished between Osiris Trump, who was confirmed not to be a Russian spy in case anyone was wondering and Tanya wheatfall. With Trump managing to get the nod when it was all set and done and wrapping up the top three at this year's event was Australian standout Stacey Steiner. Last weekend, Sidney got pounded with a heat wave of biblical proportions, but I'm sure the fact that some of the best men's physique and pro bikini competitors in the business were all out there turning up the heat at the Battle of the Desert probably made things a whole lot warmer. In the men's physique division it was a surging Anthony Woods who managed to find himself as the last man standing in a line up that turned out to be deeper than we expected. Bringing home the runner-up spot was the always dangerous long loop, but might have been it as all time best and closing out the top three with second year man Daniel Amaz. The big story here came from the bikini side of things however where Ashley Colt Wasser continued her relentless assault on the division by obliterating the field on the way to yet another huge win. Second place went to Sid City Zone, Francesco Lauren, who's been sneaky good so far this year if you haven't been paying attention and finishing in third in another spectacular post-baby effort was the incomparable in Napolino. Have you ever seen that picture of a monk on fire where they talk about the power of the human mind to believe in something so intensely that it can transcend its current reality? Well I'm starting to think that reigning classic physique Olympia champ, Breon Anzly might be getting that same sort of place mentally. The latest updates coming from Anzly and his team look a whole lot like a guy who has no intentions of letting anything or anyone knock him off the path right now and that path is pointed directly up to coming the first man in history to win back to back classic Olympia titles. And with the amount of talent in the division I don't think you can discount the fact that this guy is proving himself more than capable of being great when the situation calls for it. So if you can stand in there and withstand the fire, I think he's got enough in the tank to fight off the field again this September. You've never been around to hear a flash flood siren go off before the water starts to rush in. I'm sure you can probably imagine the panic that sets in over those next few minutes. So if any of you guys out there know someone who works at the Tampa Port Authority, now would be the time to tell them to start sounding the alarm. Because it looks like Alexis Rolone might be about the flood the streets. Recently Rolone and his team release some updates a little less than three weeks out from the Tampa Pro where he figures to be right there in the mix of things once it gets going. He's somewhere he is right now. Rolone looks like he's got the right balance of fullness and conditioning that he's been looking for. And once he starts hitting all those finishing touches, this guy might end up being the runaway favor to take that Tampa show all the way to the bag. And that doesn't yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning on Day Palombo reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.