Welcome back to Muscle in the Morning on Deep Belumbo and today is Friday August 10, 2018. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. After the Quahit Lantern trade shook up the entire San Antonio Sports scene a few weeks ago, things have been relatively quiet around the Alamo City. But this weekend, Classic Physicist standout Nick Cavalero will be hoping to change all of that. As of today, the Mile High on Muscle product is less than 24 hours away from making his bro debut right there in the heart of Texas at this year's San Antonio Pro. We're he and his team are planning to come out and bring some major heat. According to Cavalero, he's bringing 15 pounds of new muscle and the best conditioning of his career to the stage this weekend. And all you have to do is take one look at the photos to know that this kid isn't messing around. This lineup in San Antonio is definitely wide open at this point. So I wouldn't put it past someone like Camelero to step up and get after it while the getting is still good. If you've been paying attention to some of these box scores in the men's physique division over the last few weeks, then I don't have to tell you that things had been getting pretty weird lately. But when you're already a three-time Olympian, like better and heavy hit or Joseph Lee, I guess you don't let small stuff get you off track. Earlier this week, League and his team released a few new updates that point to all systems being a go right now. If you look at the lucky bro to win, the Salt Lake City showdown earlier this year, it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this guy is in a great competitive space right now. And as long as he can stay the course, he has a legitimate shot at cracking the top five and Vegas assuming he's in his very best. Sometimes in life, I've come to realize that it isn't so much what you're willing to do that pushes you to be great. It's more about what you're unwilling to settle for that forces you to keep going. And this year it seems like second year star in the making, Justin Rodriguez wasn't willing to settle for anything less than Olympia birth. A few days after he put together a strong top five finish at the Tampa Pro, Jayrod got a nearly Christmas present when he found that. He officially plunged his ticket to the this year's Olympia stage. He'll get the chance to stand up there with the best athletes in the business on the sports biggest stage. Even though it's been a wild season in the media for him up to this point, there's no denying that this guy is in a pre-in talent when he's on top of his game. And now that he'll have an opportunity to show the world exactly who he is, I'm a 100% certain that we'll see the best Justin Rodriguez ever step out there on to the Olympia stage. Other than the fact that you can find on the map somewhere down there in South America, I can tell you very little about the country of power wide. But I can tell you that one of the best pro League athletes that ever come out of the country, Herina Gra is on her way back to the Olympia stage. The five time IFVV Pro winner is less than two months away from making her fifth trip to the Olympia stage where she'll look to finally break out of the Sin City slump. It's been haunting her every time she's made the long trek out of the Orleens Arena. To her credit, Rao is one of the athletes who always likes to let her performances do the talking. And I'm sure you can pull off a top 10 finish in this insane lineup. It'll speak volumes about what she was willing to do to finally get over the hump. Psychologists will tell you that if you just stand in the mirror and smile at yourself like a crazy person for five minutes every day, it can literally change the way you think and help your depression. And when you look as good as Breonna Ansley does right now, you don't have to force a whole lot of smiles. The rating and defending classic physique Olympia champ looks like he's ready to smile as way all the way back to the granddaddy of Amol six weeks from now where the smart money says that he should be still coming in as a heavy favorite. This when you wake up every day, doing what you love and knowing you're the best in the world like this guy does, you've got plenty to smile about. What if he becomes the first athlete ever to go back to back this year? I can promise you that his 1000 watt smile will end up being one of the lasting images to come out of this Olivia weekend. And that does it the end another edition of Muscle in the morning. On day full of old reminding you to always be true to your passions and they should have followers and things put Twitter and Instagram.