Welcome back to live with Brought to you by Species Nutrition. Visit speciesnutrition.com on Dave Palumbo and back by Popule demand. Part two, we have our good friend Carl Lennor. Thanks Dave. Thanks for having me here. Welcome back, Crop, because our last show is very popular. And I was taking notes. I actually learned a lot of stuff. And I think we always have a good conversation. So I figured, hey, let's, we got plenty more topics to discuss here. I watched the last show when I, I was just way too moving too fast to some of the topics. And so I promised to slow down a little bit this time. Well, you know, we, I think we felt this urgency to get everything out there. Now we figure, well, hey, you know what we can do a couple of these. We don't have to rush too much. So yeah. Yeah. We were talking, you know, it's funny. We were talking before the show. And I think it's relevant. Just going to think people go through this. And I think the people can relate a lot of times to the stuff that we go through as hosts of these shows. And I was telling you about my dad. He's kind of on his deathbed at this point. And, you know, his body's shutting down. And you made a very valid, you know, a very valid observation about your dad. And tell it, tell the analogy you were telling me, because I completely looked after it. When my father got sick, I was going through my divorce. So I was able to leave Kentucky and go to Arizona. And I brought him home from the nursing home. And I really believed I was going to like reverse everything. I was going to make protein shakes for him. I was going to do all the things I knew to do. But the problem was poly pharmacy really destroyed his body. His kidneys were gone. His liver was gone. From all the medications he had been taking the decades. And so, you know, we got a hospital bed for him, put him in the hospital bed, make him made him comfortable as possible. He stopped eating about four days before he passed away. And the night before he passed away, I slept outside his door on the sofa. And I heard this noise coming from his room. And it sounded like somebody took a tub-aware tub. And I was like rubbing it and clacking it on the table. And later on, I learned that they called this the death rattle. I didn't know what it was. But the next day I was in his room. Was that his breathing crawl that you hear? Yeah, my dad's doing that. My dad's been doing it for two weeks. Yeah, the airway stopped the cave in. They had a hard time breathing. They call it the death rattle. There's no turning back once that starts happening. Because even breathing is becoming a virtual impossibility. And my father probably like you, father, these guys were built tough. And they hang on and they hang on. And so I knew that that's what he was doing. And I had to talk with them. And I said, you know, what a great father he was. And he's taught us everything we need. And we can take care of ourselves. And he doesn't have to hang on anymore. And I even told him, well, I don't subscribe to the whole religion thing. I told him, you know, your mother and uncle Anthony and auntessie, they're all waiting for you. They'll take care of you. And within 15 minutes he went. He looked at me. His eyes were all glassy. Like he turned his head towards me. But I don't believe he saw me. That's what I thought. Yeah, he turned his head towards the window. And he was looking at the sunlight and he passed away. And in that nanosecond, when I realized he was gone, I took his pulse, I felt his hand, I cried. And I looked at him and I swear to God, I saw my facial features. I saw my bone structure in that man. And I thought to myself, oh my God, that's going to be me. And I'm not ready for this. And that is when my own mortality came front and said, you know, my parents told me, you don't understand what it is to be an adult until you have your own children. And now I understand you don't know what it is about death until you see a foment, you are far the pair's away because then you're next. That's the thing that comes into your head. Yeah, it's amazing. I think I'm clearly related. Absolutely, everything you said was like bringing bells in my head when I heard that's why I wanted you to repeat it on the show. Absolutely, I saw him laying there and I said, you know what, that's going to be me one day. And who knows when, you know, and it's a scary thought. You saw it thinking everything that went wrong with your parent could go wrong with you. And then what you do is you shot to say, well, maybe I could have heard this or have heard that because I eat well, exercise my dad's smoke and he drank and he didn't work out. So it's a, it's a crazy thing. And it's very depressing when you start getting into that because it become, you do see your own mortality right in front of you there. It becomes very, very apparent. I think a lot of us don't think about it, but when you're staring it right in the face for whatever it is you did four days, whatever, you know, whatever, I've been there for a couple weeks. It's, it is painful. It's tough. Well, I'd see, I just turned 60 in June. And the truth of the matter is that I'm battling some auto immunity issue. How you are? Yeah, through my gut. And you know, the funny thing is, Dave, I always thought because I hosted superhuman radio that I was going to be the guy that didn't get sick. You know, I was going to be like strong to the end. Yeah. I used to say, oh, I want to go when I go, I want to go in the hole with 500 pounds on my back. And then all of a sudden, like stuff started malfunctioning and I'm like, and I'm, I'm actually fixing myself. But the reality is that, you know, I'm 60 years old. I go to the gym and I train. But I train with a lot of problems right now. And I'm still pushing. I'm still training hard. And that kind of sobed me up like, oh, okay, you know, if I can get this problem, then I can get other problems. And maybe the end for me isn't that far away at all. So I got to really make sure that everything I do on a day to day basis is something that I either have to do or that I love to do. In fact, I did a blog post about it that treat every birthday like you're a mock twin predicted his own death that he would die when some comet came back around. And he died. Yeah. Was it hali's? Night of men. Yeah. I thought it was like every 75 years. When I was coming, and he died, and hali's coming, and I thought that was he was born on it. And he died on it. Yeah. 75 years. And I thought to myself, what if we knew the day we were going to die? And just for the sake of the blog post, I said, what if you knew you were going to die on your birthday? How would you live that next year differently? Because that's how we should live every year because we could drop dead any second. Right. No, we're no one knows when you're going. You're right. Well, Carl, let's get into a happy or topic first. Because a lot of bodybuilders suffer with different malinies. And we're always trying to like, I know as a coach and prep guy and a scientist. I'm always trying to figure out solutions to things. And I know you're very analytical like that as well. You know, you had mentioned to me a good topic that you thought would be great to discuss. And I agreed with you was these guts. These descended stomachs that alive these bodybuilders get. And I'll tell you, I'll give you a little, before you give me your insight on it. I wanted to say, when I got to a certain size, I was suffering from the standard stomach also. And I found that one of the things that really helped me out a lot was fiber. Was adding to dietary fiber in twice a day. Because I'm eating so much food. I think I wasn't getting rid of it all. That was one of the problems. Okay. And that's why I really was high up on creating my own fiber product, which I did in fiber lies. And it became a very popular supplement that's available on the market. But that's one of the things. But what I noticed was when I downsize my physique over the course of 15 years from whatever it was over 300 to down to like, you know, almost about 195 right now. And I feel really good at this way. My, my, the standard stomach, my thick and abdominal wall, everything came down. And my, my waist is actually really small right now in my stomach is flat. And I can vacuum my stomach. And I just, it all, it took, which turned, which tells me that a lot of that was high-perchirphied muscle, whether it be in the form of the, you know, the muscle in the abdominal wall or the muscle that's in the organs, you know, the colon as a, I would, I would dispute that part. You, you, you had me all the way. You, you write on, so first of all, all of the extended stomachs we see embody building a dietary because 70, 6% of the American population has gut issues. They have extended stomachs. They burp, they burp, they belch, after a meal, they feel like somebody pumped air in there. So this is the general population. They're not using insulin, they're not using red pads, they're not eating 5,000, 10,000 calories a day. So we, so we have to look for the lowest common denominator of what is possibly going on in our population. Okay. And, and we're actually doing a show next week that looks at the fact that the increase of probiotic use parallels, the increase in swollen testinal bacterial overgrowth. And there's a good doctor who's saying, stop taking probiotics, you don't need them, but that's a different story. But, but what, what we're seeing is completely dietary because I'll give you some examples. Leapree's never had a disdented stomach. I'd love to know what he ate and what he didn't eat, but more importantly, in Australia, the quality of food is different than in the United States. But you're living in the US though for many, many years though, Carl too. I'm eating, I'm talking fried chicken by his own mission. Okay. Well, then I'm wrong about that. I was going to use him as a post-aboid, but if we go back in time, Arnold could do a vacuum pose. A lot of these guys could do vacuum poses back then. And they were hyper muscular. Maybe not as hyper muscular as some of the bodybuilders today, but nonetheless, the tortoise shell that these guys have today. Yeah. I remember the first time I saw it was Gustavo Badele. I was like, oh my God, every time he switched poses and he inhaled, he had a lead his stomach out. He looked pregnant. And we see this as rampant today. This is inflammation from the esophagus to the aina state. All these guys have girded. They all have, they have obstructive sleep apnea, whether they're treating it or not. They're gasy, they're bloated all the time. They're farting. They have terrible bowel movements, but they're consuming 10,000 calories a day and they're pushing so much food through them. These guys are inflamed from their anus to their esophagus. And I'm going to say something and people go, oh yeah, he's a quack because they said that about so many things I said last time. But glyphosate round up, glyphosate is an anti-microbial and they sprayed on crops. Okay. glyphosate is an actual antibiotic. Moncanto has a patent that's 10 years old for combining glyphosate with a moxacillin to treat antibiotic resistant diseases. Now think about that. This is something that sprayed on your crops. Okay. So when I both know what happens when somebody takes low dose antibiotics, it destroys the lining of the gut. Right. It leads to IBS, to celiacs, disease, rheumatoid arthritis. All of these autoimmune disorders all start because of gut permeability. Right. Well, if you're today glyphosate is ubiquitous. It's in food, it's in drinks, they're finding it in human breast milk that mothers feed their babies. It's in tampons. It's everywhere. And a lot of people don't realize that they're consuming glyphosate throughout the day. They're eating away at the lining of the stomach. Once the lining of the stomach is destroyed, once the gut microbial diversity is destroyed, the stomach, the intestines, the large intestine, the small intestine, they become populated with fungi and with microbes that were never supposed to be there. The small intestine is supposed to be, it's not supposed to have anything in it. Right. And everybody got microbed. That's why if you look at these people, Dave, the distension starts right at the thorax. It just literally pushes out. The small intestine is transverse, right near the liver. It goes right across. That's the small intestine filled with gas and pushing out. And then the stomach just becomes round from their own because the entire intestinal tract is in flame. So I would predict that a philodity's bodybuilders did a urine analysis and looked for their glyphosate load. They find that it's very high. It takes a long time for the inflammation to go away. It doesn't go away sometimes in a year. You have to, because it didn't become inflamed like that in a year. This is like after decades of exposure. But that's my bet. It's, look, insulin, testosterone and estrogen, or even oxytocin, or having effect on microbial diversity. What we're seeing today is inflammation from, from, from the asophagus to the Anis, is no doubt my mind about it. And they get brain fog from it. They develop other issues from it. If it stays around long enough, they're now, the show I'm doing next week, links, probiotic use and, and metabolic acidosis. A lot of people don't realize they have metabolic acidosis. They wake up in the morning, they have brain fog. They just take more caffeine. They don't realize that some of the early signs of metabolic acidosis is headaches and waking up in the morning feeling like somebody, your head is stuffed with cotton. So, how do you, how do you combat that coral, do you think? Okay, so what I'm doing right now to help reverse some of my autoimmune disorders and it's working for me. The first thing is, you and I don't like enzymes. We had this conversation back in like 2000 and 7. But here's when to take your enzymes. If you take your enzymes with your food, you take hydrochloric acid, amylase, protease and lipase. Those are the, the four things you should take. You take those and hour and a half to two hours after the meal. I did a show three weeks ago about using baking soda before meal actually makes a lot of the symptoms of autoimmune disorders go away. There's a published study. When I got down to the nitty gritty, I said to the scientists, so what is it? Is it the alkaline of effects of baking soda? Is it the CO2 that's released? He says, no, when you take baking soda, the rebound is to produce more acid in the stomach to overcome the buffering. So what these guys at Gals are doing is they're just increasing the acidity of the gut before they introduce the meal. I said so in other words, enzymes could be used. He goes, yeah, I think so. But what I discovered is if I eat a meal about an hour and a half later, I'm belching. I shouldn't be, that meal has moved out of my stomach. So there's undigested food still in my stomach. That's when I take the enzymes and I swear, the belching goes away immediately. Immediately. Yes, yes. And the other thing that it does is this, the doodnum is the vestibule where acidity changes. The gut has high acid, hydrocholk acid, the stoichi of one, the doodnum is where actually, a bicarbonate is, is excreted so that when the, the chime, the food moves into the small intestine, it doesn't have any acid left in it. What's happening here is the doodnum is becoming populated with microbes. And then it just keeps on growing into the small intestine. If you start taking acid enzymes, I got to slow down. In between your meals, it will actually destroy the microbes in the doodnum and slowly into the small intestine. You can actually read yourself of small intestinal bacterial overgrowth by starting that. And then obviously avoid all sugars and starches for a period of time because we're now finding out, you're going to get a kick out of this. The culprit microbe are the lactate producing microbes, lactobacillus acid, dophalus, lactobacillus this, bifidobac, these are all lactic acid producing microbes. These are the ones that are being seeded into the doodnum and the small intestine. And these are the, and what, and what is everybody taking in antibiotics today? Lactobacillus, they're down at kimchi, they eat in yogurt. It's all, it's all the lactic acid producing microbes. We're not supposed to have that many of them. Okay, so, but what I, I, but the whole thinking is that everyone is deficient in these, in these microbes and that's why everyone's taking probiotics. What do you say to that? Well, what if we're finding that that is an incorrect assumption. You see the problem being just mentioned that you just mentioned leaky gut and permeability and the gut because of all the depletion of the good bacteria there. So how do we receive the, the colon? So so first of all, you, what you don't want to do is preferentially plant one type of microbes, okay? And what we've been doing for the past five years with the probiotic movement is just giving ourselves one type of microbe. So the first thing is that you got to stop this preferential seeding number one. Number two, your body will correct, your, your microbes react to your diet. By crawling with diversity changes in as little as 24 hours based on the food you eat. You know when I'm using to help cure myself, Dave, you won't believe I came home from Ireland after drinking booze and eating bread. And I swear to God, I felt friggin horrible. I just started doing the dron the diet. I'm eating beef and eggs for every meal. The bloating went away. The gas went away. My stomach is flattening out. Uh, and, and a lot of my symptoms are starting to subside. So it depends on what you eat. That's what will influence what you do. What do you think is doing a ketogenic diet? And your stick is in a protein and fats basically. But see your, your, your, what a ketogenic diet you and a ketogenic diet to me is a bed of diet than the ketogenic diet that most people are doing today. I've done three shows about this already. Yeah. Look, the prevalence of ketosis in our ancestors was only during starvation now. Right. This stands something. A half a millimole of ketones in the blood. Most people wake up with that if they didn't eat too close to bed time. That's not what I'm talking about. But today there's this senseless challenge. Well, how, how high can you get your key? Oh, mine, the 4.5 millimole. The only time that happened was if you were starving. Right. So that actually creates genetic imprints in you that you are not a good hunter. You're actually a good starver. And that kind of ketogenic diet is not good. Unless you're battling brain cancer or seizures and you're using it therapeutically. Right. The ketogenic diet you and I talk about, which is very high protein, moderate fat and very low carb. The body goes, oh, we're getting a lot of food. We're producing ketones. Maybe one and a half, two millimoles a day. But I'm getting a lot of protein. This guy's a good hunter. Yeah. I agree. All right. So what role do you think that growth hormone IGF1 insulin plays in gut distension if any in your theory? I don't believe the notion that people promote completely that IGF1 and growth hormone cores rampant organ growth. I, while there is evidence of some organ growth, that's not the reason for the distended stomach. I agree. I think that a sensible regimen, like I use, I use a growth factor 1 through 29 and GHRP 6 every morning and post workout. I'm using only 100 micrograms of each because that is the saturation dose for adult men. You don't need any more than that. I don't get super hungry from it. I don't get flush feeling from it. If I get flush and hungry, then I use too much. That's a sensible regimen. That's not going to cause my gut to blow up. However, these hormones do influence microbial diversity. So for instance, it's like, I use oxytocin post workout. All, all guys should. So oxytocin increases a particular micro called L-Routary, which is associated with longer lives at better age. They do play a role in microbial diversity. I don't buy the whole, it's making me big and fat in my gut. I don't buy that. I believe that the antibiotics, especially GH and insulin caused the organs to swell. And I don't know if it's an inflammation thing or if it's just growth hormone and insulin make all the muscles swell. That looks good in skeletal muscle, but in smooth muscle, obviously it doesn't because it's all located right in your abdominal area and it's pushing the gut out. So I think there's a combination of what you're, I think your theory is partially right, but I don't think it's complete because we don't see it in actual bodybuilders and they're eating a ton of food. But you see it in way more in GH insulin using bodybuilders, Carl. And you're right. And that influencing the microbial diversity of the gut could be leading to them being more susceptible to getting that inflammatory response in their gut. There's no doubt about it. So as a bodybuilder who has to eat all this food, and what's the taking drugs, is there any solution? I think that you have to be cautious about your choices of starchy carbohydrates, grains. So I just did a show about a study that people can join. If they go to my website, superrido.net, you can join in. There's a glyphosate study right now. You have to pay for your own glyphosate test, but you become part of the study. How much? $99. And I just got, yeah. And so what I think people need to do is they need to become cognizant of foods that have the highest level of glyphosate. Now wheat does because they use it to synchronize the crop. They literally spray the crop of wheat two days before harvesting it so that they kill the wheat and it's easier to thrash and separate and do all that sort of stuff. Okay. Well, there's a couple other crops that I just found out I didn't know about. All beans, beans, legumes, chickpeas, they have the highest degree of glyphosate retention because they do the same thing with beans. They're using it to synchronize the crop and oats. My beloved oatmeal. I have to eat organic oatmeal now because oats was number three on the list. So it's wheat, beans and oats. You have to buy your gan. I heard brown rice too has a lot of that. Does it? I don't know about rice because brown rice in here. Because the husk. Well brown rice, okay. So there's a different issue with things that have husks, right? Any kind of seed. The anti nutrients that are designed to keep bugs from eating them are on the shell of the seed. So white rice, they strip the husk off. Right. All the anti nutrients, the lectin state are in the husk. That's why I don't eat brown rice for that reason. Right. Or wild rice. Interesting. You know, because you always hear brown rice is better. You can, while all these whole grain type stuff and now we're hearing stuff. It seems like call every week they come out with a concert at the same state and they say, one week they say fish oil is good for you. The next week it's not going to be a few. One week brown rice. No white rice now they say, why rice don't eat brown rice. It's so confusing even for people like you and me who are kind of in the industry and know on top of the food chain, how does a beginner person know what the eating, everyone's afraid. So what I tell people is don't listen to anything. Listen to your body. Your body will tell you what your foods are not being processed properly and which ones are. I just did this rant at the end of today's show. I said, if your dietary approach, then let's just call it your diet. Requires you to belong to a group, go on cruises with people who eat like you. Orgue with people who don't. You are making choices not because they're good for you, but because you want to be one of the club. That's not how you should pick your diet. Yeah. It's a paleo guy. It's a vegan. The vegan, the paleo, the ceto. I mean, come on. There's people on the internet right now. They've been on ceto for seven, eight months. They're so depressed. They're losing their hair and the people tell them, well, just eat more fat. No, get off the freaking diet. It doesn't work for you. Yeah, yeah, not everyone doesn't work forever. You know, it's funny because I was in the store once and I was buying some, I think it was like a red bean burgers. They were made. They were like burgers. They were made out of beans and I just happened to like unusual foods like that. It's not that I'm a vegan because I eat, play and check in and fish and something like that. But someone saw me there and she's like, oh, you're a vegan too. Good job. And I was like, I didn't want to disappoint her. I'm like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Way to go. What else do you like here? Let's get some huddestroy, and all these other ingredients, you know, vegans. But you know, I just think it's hysterical. You're right. Club, people want to belong to club. The funny thing is I like the old Woody Allen, you know, line that he kind of was, I guess paraphrase and grow after Marx. I wouldn't want to belong to any club that would have someone like me as a member. You know, that's right. Right. That's funny. Yeah, but it's what happens is when diet becomes dogma, you've lost all rational, critical thinking to approach the diet. If you eat something and you don't feel good, but the rest of the people in your club eat it, then you don't belong in that club. Because you don't, you don't, you don't you should be in that food. That's it. Simple. Well, good. Very good advice. You know, hopefully maybe some people learn some stuff about the standard add. I still think it has a lot to do also with the structure of the person. People are long torsos, tend to have less distension. People are shorter torsos, like high green, tend to have more distension. But yeah, I think the foods we're eating are definitely influencing it, and you brought you shed some really interesting light on some of these topics. The question Carl, before I let you go is, how do we get these? These, these, these ingredients that are sprayed all over our crops and all of our ready. What do you do? How do you not get them in your diet? If you know what, it, it, it, it, it first of all, there was no glyphosate found in meat, like beef. There was no glyphosate found in chicken. Uh-huh. There was, there was no glyphosate found in booze, believe it or not. And he thinks that it was, of course, the fermentation process, uh, uh, uh, uh, ferment actually broke it down or denatured it or whatever. You have to find out, first of all, what your glyphosate exposure has been. Right. You got to get tested. People hate to test. They just want to buy something. Well, that sounds like me all buy it. You don't even know if it's going to work for you because you don't know if that's why you feel that way. But get tested and learn which foods are high in glyphosate and avoid them. It can be done. It takes a little discipline. But look, serious bodybuilders, they're eating chicken and broccoli six meals a day. If anybody can do it, they can. Sure. The average person, you know, a long time ago and you and I have actually talked about this, I divorced myself from flavor. Uh-huh. I, I'm not a gastronomist. You know, I don't want to have all you know, I'm the bathed in a chipotle. So no, give me a steak, give me four or five eggs. I'm happy. Yeah. So if you are driven by gastronomy, you have to have sexy, amazing dishes, you know, Michelin star restaurants, you're going to be exposed to a lot more this stuff, unfortunately, because that's where they use it. They're using it all these commercial establishments. But learn what has glyphosate on it. Listen to that show I just did. I forget what show number it is, but it's at super-radiol.net. And learn what has glyphosate on it and do your best to avoid it, get tested, eliminate those foods, get tested again. Very, very simple. You know, I, I'm going back to my, I think I'm going to go back to my original diet. And it works for me when I was at my biggest and my hardest and freakiest, I think it was probably the safest diet. I'm going back to eat McDonald's every day because I think that's the only, at least you know, it's in it. McDonald's is, is it, you know, China and get McDonald's, you could eat McDonald's in California. It's the same McDonald's you're going to get. And you know what, I think artificial foods like that, the way McDonald's is made is the way even the future. Probably the safest, at least you know what you're putting in the stuff. Well, I was so, so on that note, when I don't bring food to the studio and I get hungry, I go to Wendy's. Yeah. And I asked them off the all the cart menu. Yeah. I said, can you and they say sure, and I go, give me six beef patties, the large ones. That's a pound and a half of beef. And I sit there and I eat them and they look at me like I'm crazy. Yeah. Half of it. You know what? It's safe. I know what's in it. It's just beef and salt. That's it. Right. It's flavoring. And then. See, after all this, you thought everyone thought they were going to take on this, this very wise insightful, nutritional mantra and secret. And the bottom line is calling, I am telling you, go freaking eat fast food. That's the bottom line to save the thing that you can possibly eat. And on that note, we're out of time. Until next time, I'm Dave Lumber with Carl and Naur for another edition of Live With.