Alright, television on rxmuscle.com, this is astabe. I don't know, as hashtag astabe brought to you by species nutrition, visit speciesnutrition.com. And if you follow rxmuscle on instagram, check the story now for an exclusive promo code available at speciesnutrition.com again on the rxmuscle instagram. This is your third even question. And as you're showing, Dave, the plumber, all your questions on diet training supplementation. I, if you've you pros, competitions, of course, this past weekend, exciting, temp of pro and the Olympia in less than five weeks. So we now bring in Dave, plumber, Dave, every week, we get about four or five questions about stand, efforting and his vertical diet. Well, you just spoke to stand about an hour ago. Yeah, I know stand for many years. And we go back. He took my guru course. I did his diet years ago, a little bit as off season diet. And stands for these guys, like, really educate themselves on everything that they're doing and really immerse himself in it. And he's, you know, he's launching a new business. He's got this new diet. He's promoting it's basically like, like more of a food diet, you know, trying to get your nutrients in micronutrients from all the food you're eating. And he's been implementing it with a lot of these strong men that he's friends with, like, Brian Shaw. He's got a food service that kind of caters to the diet that he recommends. And he's working. He launched that. So he's a real business man. And so I like talking to him. So I like learning from him. Actually, I like to hear all the way. All the way, he came up with all the ideas he had. He had a tons of real estate. He bought and sold back in the early 2000s. He did the same thing with a, he built it to telecommunications business. So he's just an interesting guy. Plus he's got, you know, he's a, he's an awesome power left there. And he's a great body of older term pro at the Masters and National Years ago. So I, I just like to surround myself like with people, like him that are super successful. And here with, you know, that they did and I know the community really likes him. It's got a very popular YouTube channel now. So we got him on and I think it's, I think people like the discussion aside from my microphone issues. I was having that it was a little buzzing. The interview was terrific. Luckily, Stan talked most of the time. So again, it keep an eye out for that live. Would Stan ever been coming soon to Rx muscle dot com. Let's go to the question. The first two questions from the Dave Palombo experience at the first question. Dave, what are the process by which facts affect cholesterol levels positively and which ones are most effective for this actions? You know, what we found over the years and I always suspected this is that facts really don't change. I shouldn't say that. Fats don't really make your cholesterol worse. Okay. So you, you can need a ton of cholesterol and you're not going to have high cholesterol. But if you're trying to sugar your body will synth it seems like sugar is like almost like a catalyst for your body to start synthesizing more of its own. So what they found is that high sugar diets actually result in high LDL cholesterol, which is your bad cholesterol carriers. And that's just a cause and effect. The American Heart Association came out recently and said that the consumption of abstract rate of fats don't have any bearing on cholesterol levels. And that's a huge statement by them. For them to make that statement is validation that that's really a fact. I've been saying it for years anyway though. I mean, I have 24 whole legs a day when I was diving or getting ready for my shows and for trying to put weight on in the off season. And my cholesterol was always low. So there is a genetic component to cholesterol. But fact consumption doesn't seem to alter it as much as what your carbohydrate consumption happens to be. Now, by taking good essential fatty acids, okay, like what I put into a mechanized fish oil, even in permausa, you could definitely influence positively your cholesterol profiles lower LDLs, somewhat raised HLs, HLs, increasing by supplementation is more controversial subject. We're not really sure if there's a cause and effect on that. Taking in mono and saturated fats like a macadamin, anodol, extroversion, all-wheel, if you can find the real extroversion. We'll also lower LDL cholesterol. Likewise, fiber consumption will do that as well. But the bottom line is that the fat that you consume in your diet really doesn't seem to have a bearing anymore on the cholesterol that you're eating. Except that if you eat good fats, you can lower your your bad cholesterol. It doesn't seem like you really could raise it by eating the wrong fats, which is interesting. Second question again from the Dave Blumbo Experience app. If T3 increases metabolism of all nutritional components, if you took it off season and ate more protein, couldn't this yield more muscle due to increased protein synthesis? If you take off, why I didn't catch with what they said? If you took off season and ate more protein, could it have yield more muscle due to increased protein synthesis? Not necessarily because what the problem is that if your thyroid is not low to the game with it, you take extra thyroid, you're going to speed yourself up too much. What's going to happen is you're going to invariably eat up muscle tissue. You're going to metabolize it. Remember, if you're low in thyroid, taking thyroid will definitely increase protein synthesis. If you're already at optimal levels, you increase your thyroid too much, then you become catabolic from it. Now obviously taking out of all steroids and clumbuteral and GH can spare muscle to some degree. My guys can diet real hard on high amounts of T3 and not lose muscle. But in the average person, that's just not the case. I take them to thyroid. The off season is not necessarily a good idea because it's going to speed you up too much and it's going to make it hard to gain weight. Let's go to our Instagram questions. Again, our Instagram handle is official underscore Rx muscle. If you're following us on Instagram, check our story for an exclusive deal at Speciesnutrition.com. Let's first go to Ashley Burns, the difference between GHRP6 and 2 and what and how do you choose 1. You know, according to what I've read and anecdotally done by trying a couple of these different ones, I found that the GHRP6 seems to be the most potent with the least side effects. The only side effect of GHRP6 seems to be hunger, which if you're trying to eat more food and gain weight, it might be good. I have guys, and I'm using the GHRP6 just for appetite increasing. I don't know how great it is in terms of GH release because I don't think anyone's really tested it. But from what I've read and conceptually on paper, GHRP6 is one of the stronger ones better than 2. Kyle Maranucci, how do you know when to cut out red meat? I'm currently a bit over two weeks after my show and my leanest ever should I even cut it out totally or keep it in. It doesn't make a difference. If you're in shape already then there's no reason to cut it out. You're probably who look worse if you do. For some people I cut red meat and I switch to more fish intake because fish seems to be a better insulin sensitizer, which means that you don't release as much insulin, which means you burn fat better. So when people have trouble with burning fat, I usually switch them to all fish at the end or egg whites, and that seems to work at getting them lean or much quicker. If you look good already, don't change anything. I always tell people that don't mess with what looks great. Big John Gaines working out sciatica, I have it bad. My daily functional pain is about a four and I can get through all workouts and day-to-day life like that. However, some days like today it puts me out completely and I can't do anything. It's at a 20 now. I've been seeing a doctor and hopefully you can fix it. I think it will be the same if I worked out or not thoughts. You know, it's impossible for me really to know. First of all, why are you having sciatica pain? Is it an injury? Is it an hour ring of the spaces, the framing, the terminals come out? I don't know. Sometimes working out makes it better because it stretches out that area. It opens up the space a little more, gives those nerves a little more room to go. So then I think, you know, prod it and pinch it off. So the answer to your question is, I don't know. But you got it to go by feel. If you feel good and you feel like, you know what, hey, I'm going to go to the gym. It's going to help stretch me out a little bit. I'm going to feel better. That's fine. Don't go and try to set any records, especially if this is your first day back. Feel it out. Mikey, Diesel Dave, I just finished up a show on Saturday and I'm going to start your Clean Out Protocol next week. I remember you saying you should still run your diuretics post show for a certain amount of time. But what is the best time to stop them at post show? Clean and T3. Well, CleanMeter on T3 should be tapered down over two weeks. Usually when CleanMeter all you go down to 20 microamps twice a day for a week and then 20 microamps per day for a week and you go off. T3 can you go right down to 25 microamps per day for a week and then half of that. 12.5 microamps per day for a week and then go off. That those are easy to get off of. As far as what was the other question I'm trying to think they were asking. You're still run diuretics post show. Sorry. I'm losing my mind. Only use the diuretics if you need them. Some people think, oh Dave said use diuretics. I just keep using them every day the week after the show and they're like ridiculously dehydrated and feel terrible. No, wait. If you gain 10, 15 pounds then take a half of the isidin' before bed for a couple days. But you don't necessarily need it necessarily. Wait until you start gaining, you know, excessive amounts of weight because if you just keep taking a take and take a take and you're going to eventually have a big rebound off of it. But if you use it only when you get swollen and you get that extra water after you're body you won't rebound from that. BT4 Live Dave your thoughts on using libido pills as a pump blood flow supplement and then he throws in I guess for workouts as well. Yeah, I've talked about this before. You know, before by Agra before Seattle was around they used your Hindi for like erection medications. It really didn't work very well because your heavy can increase blood flow through the body. You know, it opens up the blood vessels a little bit to asserting the grain. When they discovered a biagrant which was the first erection medication, what they did was they discovered something that opens up the causes, the age-old dilation that causes the, you know, a pump effect what if you want in the genitals exclusively. So, biagrant increases blood flow through the genitals which is what causes erections. It doesn't increase blood flow through the rest of the body like that. It doesn't have that same effect. So, people take these biagrant before they go to the gym thinking they get it at about a pump. The only place you're getting a pump is in your, in your pants. And that's not going to help you perform better on, in the gym or on a body-building stage. So, don't be silly people. You know, stop doing, stop the insanity, okay? You just do them crazy stuff. If anything, you're more than likely to pass out on stage because a lot of times it lowers blood pressure. These, these, these anti-irection drugs were originally blood pressure meds that just happened to have as a side effect that you got in a row. That you got an erection from it. So, I wouldn't recommend taking it when you pour your alcohol at stage. Once again, don't do crazy stuff before you go on stage. Trust me. Christy Cookie, why do you think there is more drama and trash talk these days more than ever a cough cough Sergio O'Liva, Junior cough cough? Seems like social media has, in their opinion, ruined the sport beyond repair. And guys, and to talk more than letting the results speak for themselves and staying humble. More guys are offended and trash talk and let it get to them more often than it shows. So, in general, your thoughts on, I guess, the reason increase in trash talk in body-building social media. Well, these, these athletes know that social media is important for the marketability and for making money for themselves. And what's going to draw people to their page other than, you know, the great pictures of these athletes? Trash talking. Think about how many views, you know, Sergio, yeah, so how many views just and gets, you know, just in a regular way. You know, Justin Rodriguez, when they post shit about each other, they're getting crazy amounts of interaction people looking at what they're doing. I don't, I'm not, I'm the, I'm the post-journalist social media, but I'm not excessive about it. And I posted up a couple of my clients who did really good last weekend in their shows and actually was the weekend before that I think. Well, some of this weekend too, but I posted like, well, the winner is that I work with, and I got a lot of, I get tell you, I got a lot of people signed up with me for coaching after that. Because maybe they didn't know that I was still coaching people or maybe they didn't realize the results I got with my clients. And when they saw all these people, they didn't really, really well. People signed up with me. So it works. So I understand why guys go out there and sensationalize things and they trash each other because they think, well, who cares? Doesn't really bother me. And I'm going to get people responding to me and, and eventually that could lead to more business for myself. And I think that's exactly what people are doing. Worst Brown, Europeanian of using a Cerma-Rellin for bodybuilding. How effective is it compared to H.H. Avenue prescription for this along with testosterone? Cerma-Rellin is a GHRP or growth home and releasing peptide. It's Simulade's growth home and releasing hormone. It's produced by the Hype of Falmus in the brain. And what it does is it stimulates the pituitary to directly release GH. The problem is that everyone responds differently to this stuff. To compare GH to Cerma-Rellin, it would be like comparing H.C.G to testosterone. Because you're trying to make your body naturally produce a certain amount. You can't naturally produce anywhere near what your body could take. What could be, I guess, injected in usable form. Meaning that if you take three, four, I use a GH. You couldn't possibly do it released that much GH in a Cerma-Rellin shot. So the comparison is not good. If you can afford to take the real stuff, you're going to get way better results. Consentine Malamov, where you influence by Binsjuron as legacy, your method sound like you think the way that Vince did. I like a lot of what he says. He was a big protein fat advocate for building muscle and for building that animal effect in the body using nutrition. He was back in that 80s year, although when they really were using more red meats and heavy creams. So they were going with protein in fact, the fat sources were not necessarily ideal. But the concept was the same. A lot of the results they got were really good because of that. People enjoyed being in a ketogenic diet. He really was ahead of his time back in the day. He was training wise ahead of his time, diet wise, supplementation wise. I always say, I think if I've seen father, it's because I've seen stood on the shoulder of giants. Vince was one of the even scrumptious giants that guys like me and Chad and all these people stood on top of to see further. So he got us to this point and then we went further. I actually don't know if my dieting techniques were directly related to reading about his stuff. It might have been more of the spual and some of the other guys, but he certainly influenced me in some degree. Because I remember reading about his diets and his philosophies and muscle manganes, something like that. So absolutely. Marco Tunisi is a janky-lating away your testicles are forced to produce more testosterone. No. When you have an orgasm and you inject that, you're just releasing sperm. The sperm that you've produced in the testicles that were stored in the epididimus of your testicles are now just released through the spermatic ducts into the, you know, out of the urule or your rethro. It has nothing to do with testosterone, production whatsoever. You can have sperm production in the notestosium. It's unlikely, but you, you got to remember, when you go on a cycle and you shut your testicles down essentially. Okay. They're still producing a little bit, but not much. They're still producing a little sperm and not much. Okay. So when you, when you ejaculate on when you're shut down, you basically it's all the prostate and that's different. And all those, those little glands in there that are releasing fluid. Okay. But, you know, when you go back on and when you go off, excuse me, you body turns yourself back on. Now you're producing a dog and the stuff releasing sperm doesn't lower testosterone. Despite what people think, you know, the old adage and a Muhammad Ali never had sex six weeks before. Fights, we go to week in him. It's just not true. Jane Ramirez 58. Dave, how would you treat shoulder pain, which severe arthritis? How would I, I'll tell you right now, I can't imagine how to hold the time. I just suffer. I don't take any pain meds. I had my left shoulder replaced. I took some pain meds for the first four days after surgery. But I'm saying, I never needed pain. I never used pain meds. While I had the shoulder pain and while I was walking around, but now my right one definitely needs a replacement. It's been, it's been a year and I'm ready to get this one done. But I still don't. I'd rest right now in that in pain. Everything I do, moving wise hurts. But, you know, once you get on to the pain med, you know, path, it's a brutal pathway and a lot of times leads to bad places. So, if you could avoid it, I would choose that. So, avoiding it, I take arthritis, 10 pills a day, you know, five twice a day. Every day, religiously, along with my female allies, which is my minerals, which are going to help prepare the bone. And I just deal with it. And it seems to work okay. Once again, it's not getting better, but it's not really necessarily getting worse. It's just getting a little annoying at this point. So, at some point, I will get this right shoulder replaced as well. Noah, the fox, what is the best set-slash rep scheme you found to bring up your calves? I've told people this story before. I was a big believer in, you know, high rafts and high sets. My calves do not know what I would never grow. And I was in the, I was in the actual gold gym medicine. I remember, Lufra Rigna was on the machine next to me. And I got up and I was doing some calf raises. And I started really light, you know, with the way I warm up setting. Which was still a decent amount of weight. And I did this set, and I'm like, holy mac, but my calves feel pumped, man. And it's, you always get a better work at gold's advantage because of all the celebrities in them. And I'm like, this is weird. So I went and tried to do a couple more sets. And all I was feeling was the bottom of my feet hurting at this point. But I wasn't even feeling into my calves anymore. I said, you know, I wonder how I would do if I just did, like, one set of standing, one set of c to calves, since they hit different heads of the calf muscle. And just left the gym. That's it. At the end of my workout, bang that I had to take no time at all, give it a hundred percent intensity. I've one set to really, really focus on. And I did it. And I would do it twice a week every three days. And it worked great. My calves grew. So that isolation, that ability to get full range of motion, to have a nice, you know, rested calf before I'm doing my calf raises, it made a world of difference. As you are, BB20, what were the cycles of Arnold's era like for a types and doses? So I guess Arnold, that classic era, I, this question has been asked in different variations of the poor, but we'll address it here. I, look, I don't know what Arnold took. I, I never sat down and talked with him. So for me to make speculate would be merratic, okay? What the guys did like, they liked they animal back in the day, they took the animal pills, they took windshield tabs, they used a lot of decker and cream of all, you know, pre-emovol and probably went to show a really popular and contest prep. And there was no really aromatase inhibitors, they would use all the decks and stuff like that. So they were very simple cycles, they were not high in doses. No one did a thousand milligrams of tests, they would do like 500, that would be a huge cycle. And it worked for them. So training and eating was impeccable on, on point. So maybe today's, body goes to take a play, you know, page out of the playbook of these past champions, maybe it's not all about the drugs, maybe it's more about how you train and how you rest and how you allow your body to be intuitive. Let's go to a trinketous vialis better for bulking. So it's kind of a two per question here. What's better for bulking? One gram test 500 test slash 500 EQ, second part. Also, it's someone can handle the trend sides and has healthy kidney liver BV values. What a BOK to use in 10 weeks or a bit more. I think 12 to 16 weeks would be fine. And I think that, you know, I would go higher in the test, you know, anywhere from up to 750 milligrams a week, you can do with some sort of an anabolic, which maybe a lower dose is in what you're recommending. I see a lot of cycles today, by younger guys are trying to be centered on the, they think that they use more anabolic and less testosterone, less side effects than they'll grow better. The test posture is the number one building muscle building hormone in the body. So you want your base to be high in testosterone, where the B750 a thousand a week, those are really your effective dose just and combine that with an anabolic, whether it be, you know, 150, 200 milligrams of tremble on a week spread out or or DACA or EQ even or master on. You're going to get results. Remember, steroids build muscle, okay, and spare muscle loss. So it doesn't really matter what you, you know, what you're taking. You can get ready for a show taking an anagreal day. You can get ready for a show taking, you know, one shot of test of me. If you die hard and you take the right supplements, you're going to look good. Tall man Dave, I was thinking about taking caffeine pills for free workout was wondering if 200 mg around 5 p.m. before I train would be too much. I don't want it to keep me up all night. The only thing I drink all day long is water and I don't like coffee. So my caffeine sensitivity level could be different from coffee and soda drinkers, your thoughts. One more time. What does he want to take? It's a 200 mg caffeine pills at around 5 p.m. before he trains. As long as it's not going to keep you up all night, that's what I would fear. I mean, if you're pretty well adapted to caffeine, then it'll probably be alright. But if you're taking it, it's six o'clock at night and you're not getting home to like probably 8, 8, 30. You're going to have trouble sleeping. That's a lot of caffeine to pump it to your body. Unless you're one of these people that has a very, very high tolerance to caffeine because you consume it all the time. The Russian Prince 96 Dave, I'm considering doing my first test only cycle and read a lot of different opinions on what it should be like. The majority people say that less than 500 mg of test won't do anything while some others like Jordan Peter for example advocate lower doses such as 250 or 300 to start with. What do you stress? I'm a big believer in, and I think a thousand milligrams of testosterone per week is a sweet spot. It builds the most muscle has the least side effects. I think once you drop down from there, you're not as effective. If you take 250 a week, you're just basically replacing what your body naturally produces. So you shut your body down, you replace it. That's a waste. 500 is the first threshold that you're going to get good results from. Okay, 750 is better than 500. A thousand is better than 750. And when you go over a thousand, you get diminishing returns. You get more side effects rather than the muscle growth. So I always found that a thousand of me to sweet spot. If you wanted to make it easy, you could take 250 milligrams every other day. And I think that's more than adequate. Interesting one here. I just want to save this one because the question that we ask about you during your competing career, we'd like to save those towards the end. So what's the basic nickname? Is it okay to give blood while on a A's for example, a low TRT dose of 200 mg? In terms of donating blood, do you think you're talking about? Yes. Yeah, it's fine. Yeah, I don't, a lot of guys give blood just to kind of get the thickness of their blood down. Because if you take some red blood cells out, you're watering down the blood a little bit. It won't be as likely that these blood cells will stick together and cause a clot. I think it's a good idea to give blood if you're hot. But if you're not super high, sometimes you know the benefit that you get performance wise in the gym and doing cardio, because you're a better oxygen carrying capacity is a better way to go. Ashenic with hands, I know you're a big Mac nut oil fan, but what are your thoughts on butter? I used to spray olive oil until we educate him about it's low smoke point and losing his nutritional value when cooked. I think what I use is I use grass fed butter. That's the cows were fed grass rather than green. Most of the fats in the butter now or a lot of them will be these a good essential Omega 3 fats, okay, with the DHA EPA and them. And that's just good for you. So I think that's a better way to go Mac oil obviously, to Rithagoy to go as well. You don't want to have too many pro inflammatory fats which are like corn oils and soy bean oils and stuff like that. Those are just not good for you. Tony LeBeeb coming down a prep, what do you think of a zero calorie syrup flavoring, Splenda stevia, Walden Farms should they be cut out? I add them into my oats and my egg whites and they make the meals that much better. Yeah, you know, I named a million ingredients, so I don't know what he's using. I wouldn't like the Walden Farms stuff. You know, some stevia base, you know, sweeteners, even a little bit of the superlose like the splender, okay, even some as per tank, I don't have a problem with you. You know, equal packets are fine. As long as you're that overdoing it, when you do anything excessively, you sabotage yourself. If you do it in moderation and you're doing a little bit here or there, that's fun. Olympian prime, let's clear the air about this so-called cyclical ketogenic diet or CKD, where people eat enormous amounts of carbs once a week, 400 to 800 grams worth your thoughts. That's what they call this cyclical ketode diet. I don't, I think, from my experience, okay, a ketogenic diet is super, I guess effective. However, you can't eat for a whole day, okay, or two days, then the Shane had this body off the side. It was basically a ketogenic diet, but you ate for like, you know, both days, sat at a Sunday on the weekend, and it just sat you back to you for you. You can't recover from it. So all the good losses you got up to that point now are negated and reverse. You're might not gain any weight in the long run, but you're not losing weight. So to me, I'm not a big advocate or that. I don't like these super high carb days every, you know, five days or six days. It just doesn't work. Question on ice-sized by species nutrition, J, G, or G, Dave, I sliced a 100% stage 100% protein, but it's 27.5. Well, he's test 27 the new version, which has been about a year now, 27.5 grams for serving up a 31 grams serving. I thought 100% will be 31 grams of 31 grams for serving. Could you explain? I repeat the question, sir. I'm not sure. I'm going to grasp the one. So he said the ice-sized states 100% protein, but it's 27 grams of a 31 grams serving. I thought 100%. I got it. It's a 100% way isolate, meaning that we only use way isolate protein in there. Now, when you take a way isolate, okay, and you separate, okay, when you take, I should say way protein from milk and you separate and you filter off the lactose and the crap that's out of there. You can only extract so much protein. Currently, given the extraction methods that are available, we use the highest quality way isolate that you could possibly get. So there's no extraction process that is better that can yield a higher amount of protein per serving than what we have. So 27.5 grams of protein is actually 27.8, but we have to around that. 27.8 grams of protein per 32 grams of serving size is the highest yield way isolate on market, okay. So it's 100% isolate. We don't have any other, you know, like we don't put concentrate in there or anything like that. Now, we do have some isolate that's been further digested into what we call hydrolysis or hydrolysis. That's just digestion products of way isolate. Now, we only put a little bit in there because if you put too much in there, it destroys the taste. And once again, I'm a huge believer of having a high quality protein, but it's got a taste good because if people don't like to taste them, it then not going to buy your protein. And so I really pride myself to be honest with you. When we assess the cost of what it costs to make isolation, the flavoring system is so sophisticated and comes from like these certain flavor houses, it's almost like nestleys. You know, it's that expensive, the flavor system. That's more cost, that adds more to the cost than the actual protein itself. So my flavor system is more expensive than the protein. That's how disgusting and how stupid I am. But it's also how brilliant I am because we have a great tasting product that's clean. It's actually lactose free. No isolate is lactose free, but if anyone says that on the container, they're lying. But it's so low in lactose that it's not going to affect you even if you lactose intolerant because I am. And it just goes down and you're it's enjoyable. People look forward to drinking the shakes and that's what you want. If you have to say to yourself, oh no, I've got a shaking your tongue and if this is horrendous, I can't stand the taste. Eventually, you're just going to stop using the product. So we pride ourselves at species that say we have the best tasting highest quality product. Yeah, we might be a little more expensive than the next guy, but you know what? Isn't it worth paying a buck or two extra to have the best? I think it is. Last question from Matt 3.0. What does it actually feel like physically to walk around really heavy and really lean slash hard? If her dory and say it was painful on the feet, Interested to know what it actually feels like to be in that condition. It's a challenge, you know, when I was at my heaviest, I couldn't every minute of the day, I would you know, sock down a shake or put down a meal and go to the gym and train. I felt like yeah, I'm growing, but I could not wait to get home and go to sleep at night because it was so tiring to walk around with that body weight. You know, I literally, I would, I remember Paul Delet and I was talking once, You see a lot of body weight was they kind of hooked their thumbs in their pant loops of their pants or their shorts because it's so heavy to hold your arm up all day. And to walk steps was brutal, put your shoes on was brutal. And this was the off season. Now when I would die at down and I would probably wait, We'd come down under 300 into the 280, 70s. I would feel way, way better. I was still big, but it wasn't like I was hopping and puffing and wanting to go to sleep all the time. So it's not, look, you know, think about what it is to be like a fat person. Okay, I can't imagine what a fat person must feel like carrying around with that weight. Being in athlete, you know, big athletic and having a lot of muscle and carrying that weight around is got to be better because it's more functional. But it's still damn heavy. I'll tell you the day I knew that I was too heavy was when I would go to the, we would go to the beach in the 90s all the time on the weekends in the summer in New York. We go to Jones Beach. We bring these like, you know, these aluminum chairs because they were light and we carry them. And we'd sit on the beach and I eat my food and, you know, we'd make fun of people and people probably people around us would make fun of us. I mean, you know, big juice heads and everything like that. And every single, at least every other time I would go, I would lean back like to like see something or reach something and all of a sudden the chair would just go right and right half. The aluminum would actually just snap and half under the weight of my body. This happened from when I was about 280 up to, you know, over 300. Then I got into my car and I told the story before. I had a Pontiac Grand Prix with T-Tops and I got into the car and once again, I think someone, I think someone was beeping behind me and I reached back and turned around and all of a sudden I heard the seat go snap. And I actually snapped the seat of my car. A car seat because I was, I was 320 pounds. It's a lot of weight and I was a functional 300. So when I leaned back in my back, which was huge, you know, musculi contract that against that seat at my weight, it was like I was actually trying to break the seat in half and that's exactly what I did. So I knew I said you know what? I think I'm going to start diving. And I had to bite me car. That is going to do for this episode of ass day, but brought to you as always by Species Nutrition. Visit speciesnutrition.com For Dave Wumble and our producer Tyler Shore, I'm Sady Furuki. We'll see you next time.