Alright, until I've vision on rxmuscle.com, this is astabe better known as hashtag astabe brought to you by species nutrition visit speciesnutrition.com. I'm your host of the Furuki Fizz. Is your 30 minute question and answer show with Dave Flumbo all your questions on diet, training, supplementation, IFBB pros, competitions, whatever's on your mind, it is all on the tables. We now go to Dave Flumbo Dave you look like the kind of a promoter you would see running up and down the biggest strip tell us about the elaborate ensemble you have on. My good friend Rob Swaffer, the Mexican national shirt, it's great. I mean this thing has got all kinds of blingol over it. It's got the back as even better. I don't know if I can turn around yet. I don't want to ruin my life. It's just an awesome shirt this thing. I don't think I can wear it out. I think it'd be too embarrassed to wear it out. For TV it's great. I feel like Bob Chicker will a little bit. Those little suits he wears up on the MCs. The Mexicans not had to do it. They just bling it out and they're like, man, we're throwing a party. We want everyone there. That's really what the national's worth. It was like a three-day fair. Just like non-stop, you know, fun. He was down there. He lives in Mexico now and he sent me back to shirt. I had a wear. It's the represent. I also want to say another thing. My good friend, Mr. J, George Smolley. I've been talking about this for two years now. I think he finally is ready to put these on the shelf. Mr. Pots, potato protein, potato chips. They're actually regular potato chips that have their ruffles, potato chips that actually have a protein coating on them. So all the different coatings, all the flavors. That's where the proteins. 12 grams of protein per bag. I love these things. I'm completely addicted to them. They decided to put them in this new white bag. I think it's a good idea because what happens is you can actually stand them up and they stand up on the counter by themselves. So they're kind of like a great promotional piece right there for themselves. And these will be available soon in all stores in 7-11 and stuff like that. So Mr. G, congratulations. You've got a great pride here. We're completely addicted then we fight over these in the office. Thank God Mr. G supplies us with 20 of these. And my kids eat them. I eat them. My wife eats everyone who's in the office. Tyler Eat some. And they're just delicious. And we could justify and because they got protein on them. I'm vacuum Mr. G. Of heavy muscle TB fame. Let's go to the questions. The first two questions on the show from the Dave Palombo experience at first question. When taking antibiotics, why wouldn't tapering up yield more gains over the period of time? We know we can only add muscle so fast so if taking 500 mg of test a week, let's me gain a couple of pounds a week. Why would I ride that out until I hit a plateau and then add more tests or another ballic? Well, having said that, why would you take any more than 500 mg of test? It goes back to the old saying when you first start, you don't eat a lot of stuff. At some point you get to a threshold where you're like, you know what, I want to maximize my gains over the period of time. So if you're doing an 18-week cycle and half that cycle you're doing 500 mg a week, you might be losing some gains that you might have been making had you been taking a thousand milligrams a week. Now, having said that, if you do 2000 or 3000 milligrams a week, you're not necessarily going to get more gains at that point, you're just going to get a lot more side effects. So, you know, personally, I think that about a thousand milligrams per week is ideal for muscle gains with the minimal amount of side effects. When you go over that, you tend to get more side effects when you go below that, you don't get as much muscle growth. So that's why, you know, in people that are experienced users, that's usually the threshold amount that you'd want to do. You never want to go kind of less than that because once again, you're not going to maximize how much muscle you put on because you're only, you're not on all the time. You're not on three to 65 days here. You can't do that. You won't respond that often. So when you are on, you want to maximize the ability or you maximize your ability to build muscle during that period of time. And if you're not taking enough, you're cheating yourself in a sense. Second question, again, from the Dave Plumbo Experience app, on a maintenance diet, is there any benefit to metabolism, tossing in a cheap meal, or a once weekly, higher at day. So I guess the question is, cheap meal or cheap day on a maintenance diet? I think you should always have a cheap meal. I think you should never eat the same thing all the time because your body stagnates. It platoes. It understands what's going on. And then what happens is it stops making progress. So whether you're trying to lose weight or whether you're trying to gain weight. Now if you're trying to maintain, I think you're just going to get stagnant in the sense that you're going to feel like, all right, I just don't feel I'm losing the drive to go in the gym. Always give your brain and your body that extra something special. That meal meal meal meal, you can kind of let loose once a week. Think about it. If you're eating six times a day, seven days a week, that's 42 meals a week you're eating. Okay. If one out of 42 meals is something a little junkier, okay. You're not setting yourself back anything. If anything, you're only making improvements to your physique. And you're only going to help spike your metabolism and shock your body into new growth into new fat loss. So I think it's a good idea to have a chain meal once a week. ATL fantasy are quant sleeps, genetic also have you ever seen someone put site enhancement oil in outer quant sleeps with good results. I don't like to do site enhancement oils in the quads. You always, almost 99% of the time it's going to look lumpy and fake, okay. Genetics, a sweep to your legs has a lot to do with the genetics, but it has a lot to do with building muscle. Everyone's quad shape is going to be different depending on what your genetic potential is. So if I blow my legs up as big as they can get and the next guy does his, the shape will look completely different. You can't really influence that. However, you can influence how much muscle you put on your body. And that's what you have to work on. So whether you have your feet positioned this way or this way, this way, this way, you're probably not going to change that much on the development that you're going to get on your legs. However, if you open your stance up, you're going to involve more adductor of the inner thighs, which is going to girth and make a girthier quad. You keep your feet close to the other side. You're going to really just target and quad and kind of eliminate that inner thigh, which a lot of times gives the muscles the leg muscle to smaller. Look, because you don't have as much your missing out on a whole muscle group. So while foot position is not that important in or out with wide and close does make a big difference. You know, there is ways of influence, you know, how your legs look, but ultimately your genetic shape is your genetic shape. Excellent. 187. I've been training for nearly a decade now. I've competed. I've been ripped. I've been strong. I've had striations of invasculoid, but I've never had my self-alic vein pop out. Is there any signs or training method to bring out one self-alic vein? You're talking about the vein that goes right down the middle of the bicep. And you know what, I had one of those from the day I started training. Okay, it wasn't that big. As I got bigger and bigger, it got thicker and thicker and it looked more impressive and more impressive. So I always had veins. You know, I haven't now. I'm only 190 pounds. So that's just my genetics. Can you make them come out? Can you make them bigger? Yeah, through training. But genetically, if you don't really have them all the time, you'd probably, the only time you'll probably have them is like right before a show. And you suck out all the water and you burn up all the subcutaneous fat. If you tend to be vastly lower all the time, you'll get more of asking them before a show. And that's just the way it is. Some people have a lot of superficial veins and very low body fat and thin skin. Like myself. Other people have thicker skin, but they put muscle on. They have more dense muscle on their body, because that's just the way their body is a wire. Once again, a lot of genetics. A lot of Olympia related questions from PT Heavy Online is this the year that Flex Lewis gets the throne and then Carolos 98. Dave, can you get Phil Heath on this channel? I don't think that Flex Lewis is going to lose unless we see how he's shooting somehow get a visa from Iran, which we're in the process of working on right now. I'm involved in this project. I don't know if it could happen, but we'll see. And we'll get Phil on the show. That's in the works as well. Obviously, as you guys know, Phil is no longer exclusive to AMI and he's able to do interviews. Once again, if I do an interview, however, I want to make sure it's going to be something special and something that's unique, not like everyone else is going to do. So, it might not happen overnight and we're in talks with him so that's definitely on the pipeline. Sean Willey, Dave, do you have any tips to help tighten up loose skin designs? It naturally tightening up over time. You know, that's a question I get asked a lot. And to question I don't really like because I don't really have an answer to a lot of people. People come to me and they show me this, they would 300 pounds and now they're 180 pounds and they get this loose skin hanging on their lower stomach. What can they do to tighten it up? A lot of times, there's nothing you can do. But then there's a lot of times where I see spontaneously people lose weight and they keep it off for six, eight months and the skin tightens up. So I don't ever like to say it's impossible but it's unlikely if you have that loose saggy skin there or that it's going to overstretched a lot of times it doesn't come back. Look, I have on my back my arms, I have loose skin just for being, you know, having 24 and charms and now I have, you know, whatever, 16 and charms of 15 hits or whatever, they all I don't measure them. You know, it's just the skin was stretched out tremendously when I was huge, you know. And so I have loose skin, I have no body fat but I have some skin there. It's not hanging, you know, terribly but it's still there and it's bothersome, you know, if I was going to walk around with a shirt off, I wouldn't like it. But hey, that's what happens, you know. It's better to be 180 pounds in shape and lean with a little loose skin than being a fat slob with no loose skin, right? I mean, let's face it. That's the bottom line. Now, for a lot of women who come to me and they say, hey, I lose skin under that of my arms, I don't know what to do. On my butt, it's loose. I don't really, I kind of, I'm in shape and they show me pictures and they aren't shaped. I'm like, you got to build more muscle there. The muscle will stretch that skin tight and that's really the only solution. Now, if it's on your lower abdomen, unfortunately, most of the time the solution is to get a tummy tuck, you know, tummy tuck, you know, skin reduction there. The top roller wants to know if being on an anti-estrogen and finasteride would make a dose of testosterone more and a ballad than it takes in a low-intzense less of it converts. Well, if you have less testosterone converting to estrogen and DHT, you have more available to build muscle. So that's just logical. If you block the estrogen production, you block the HCH production, you can have more testosterone available. So that, you know, there's nothing really to shocking there. However, having less testosterone and less DHT doesn't mean you'll build muscle better, okay? It'll mean you'll build muscle better if you have more testosterone about around it doesn't mean in other words, they don't, estrogen doesn't stop muscle building in the matter. In fact, people have a lot of estrogen build muscle better, usually because estrogen sensitizes and angiogen receptors to a certain degree. I think that's why women can take lower doses of drugs and they can grow better. I think because they have so much estrogen in their body, they actually have better angiogen sensitivity. Not to mention, they're angiogen receptors are better just to begin with because they don't have a lot of testosterone in their body. They don't produce any. It's very, my new to mounts coming from adrenal angiogen and it's like the HAA. And so they have to be able to be responsive to that. So women have a double bonus on building muscle quickly. That's why when I see women taking ridiculous amounts of drugs and a ballics that have tons of side effects, I cringe because there's no reason to them to use that. A little animal, you know, and they can put a lot of muscle on with that. Claw, Dave, have you ever refused to coach a client for a show because of extremely unhealthy blood work? No, because I always see it as a challenge to fix the blood work. If I get to one with unhealthy blood work, I want to get them to have improved blood work. And a lot of times, just putting them on like macadamia, no oil, fiber lies, omega lies, these, you know, are like a liver, you know, liver stable from molecular nutrition, kidney stuff. Once I get them on this, I clean up their organs, we clean up their blood, you know, and they're doing terrific in one to two months. And a lot of times their doctors will be, and then they lose weight on top of that because they're on a diet with me. Their doctors like, I don't know what you're doing, whatever you're doing, don't stop. I've had so many people tell me that. And a lot of times, it's just because I'm getting their diet cleaned up and I'm getting them to lose weight. But then you put those essential fatty acids and are very important. And fiber, very important, pulling toxins and lowering LDL cholesterol, you can't believe just on a couple of supplements and a little too diet changes how radical you can change the blood work around. Moving to 222 advice on holding onto leg size with age. Note that he is, don't stop training him. You know, so just stop and you lose the muscle. It's hard to get it back. Obviously, I had the quads here and I was at the gym a lot and I still can't train legs well because I have this quite a still partially torn. I'm going to need to have it on the surgery probably in the next year or two whenever I have free time. I think good luck for that. So I lost a lot of leg mass and I don't know if it would come back if I trained it. But I think the guys who never lost the mass to begin with, they seem to be able to hold it. I've talked about Dexter Jack to me in the age of one. He never lost any leg size. He never really had huge legs to begin with but he has good legs and he never lost the leg mass and so he's able to maintain it because he's still able to train he has no injuries. That's the key. If he would have stopped training for two years and just kind of like do nothing for his legs and they shrunk up and then he went to try to put that size back on, he'd have a difficult time. And that's just the way it is. So the key is don't, if you don't want to lose legs, don't stop training your legs. Tyron Ram Deep can you tell Subanchar or Riddhmea you said you had it during exercise. What does it feel like? The weird thing is it doesn't feel like anything. I don't even know what happened. The only reason I knew I had it was because I was wearing a heart rate monitor when I would ride my bike. You put those scraps around your chest and you have a little readout on your latch out, on the little garments, readout on my bike. And I was seeing, I was looking at these high numbers and like this is impossible. I feel fine. So I went to the doctor and got a check and they thought it was a mistake too. And then they tested me and they'll like, no, you're really, you're throwing these crazy rhythms. So, you know, to play and say, obviously, I don't want to have a heart attack or something like that. And I never had an episode where I actually felt it. But I don't want to get to that point. That's how people drop dead suddenly on basketball courts or on soccer fields, I don't know where. And so that's why I addressed it aggressively. And I think you got to do that. You got to know what's wrong with you and what's right about you. And so that you don't get surprised because people die because they get surprised because they're not ready for it. If you're ready for, or you have a contingency plan of something happens, then you could get through the incidents. You know, I don't, I try not to do super high intensity exercise anymore if I can help. But that doesn't mean I can't run up a flight of steps. It means that I can't, I can't go bike riding for an hour straight, you know, pushing maximum, you know, RPMs. It's not smart. And it doesn't serve any purpose. And I'm not preparing for the, you know, toward a France anytime soon. Tell your own limitations and it doesn't mean that you should live and fear them, which is means you should beware. Watching ass Dave on our ex muscle.com brought to you by species nutritionals. Got a Carlston iron burner Dave. What's the best way to build a nice tricep ed? You know, I always found at least in my body because I have very long arms that using isolating what unilateral movements with cables work the best. And you know, I really learned that from Vince Taylor. He said that, you know, you don't have to go crazy super heavy with compound movements for arms because they respond to isolation type movements. So, you know, if I do reverse grip pull downs, if I do one on push downs, if I do over him cable extensions, I can say I can do that that's my new shoulder. It doesn't hurt. Or if I can't make extensions, even some kickbacks, you know, that's going to really isolate my muscle, my tricep heads. And I can go heavy on those. And that's going to build muscle. I found that that was the best way to probably the second half of my career. I built my arms using these techniques. Heavy weights, isolating movements, unilateral one arm at a time. And I have good arms. I, you know, when I started out my father used to say to me, he goes, you're never going to be a good body. You just don't have the arms of these guys. And I'm like, it would drive me crazy because I knew he was right. And it took me a while, but you know, I built 24 in charge. So, anyone can do it. If you put your mind to it and you eat enough food and use the right training techniques, you can add muscle to your body. Let's go to Jacobi, Alber, Alvi, Dave, how does a mega fats bring down inflammation? And it's something like omega lies comparable to kidney stuff in terms of inflammation reduction. Yeah, kidney stuff is special because it reduces inflammation around the kidney tubules. And that's by reducing the inflammation and allowing these tubules to dilate more. You can get better filtration at the kidney tubule, which means you're going to get lower creatinine and the UN levels, which is what we want, meaning the blood is being filtered more efficiently. Right? I mean, that's what we're looking for. But the omega-3 fats, you know, specifically DHA EPA, which is the omega-3 intermediates, actually reduced total body inflammation. There's actually another fatty acid in omega lies called pulmetallag acid. It's an omega-7 fatty. It's not essential, but it's also a terrific reducer of total body inflammation. And obviously when body inflammation is lower, the incidence of heart disease and any kind of cancers and chronic degenerate diseases decreases. So these are mega fats by their nature. The omega-3 is just reducing inflammation. Now, it's interesting. The omega-6 fats will be actually put in omega lies specifically coming from primos, well, gamma-limalag acid, GLA. Also, it's probably one of the only omega-6 fats that's anti-inflammatory as well. So we only put the anti-inflammatory fats in omega lies, so that it's hard to healthy and you know, you're getting the fatty acids that are very hard to get from the diet. And that's the key. Because you're not going to get these essential fats from your diet, you could be deficient in them. So rather than be deficient in them, I created an insurance policy type fatty acid supplement. You take that every day and you don't have to worry if you're getting the right amount of certain types of fats in your diet as long as you're getting the fats in. And that's the key. That's why I like to really focus on diet-wise, on the mono-insaturated fats, which are not essential, but they're hard-healthy. Like macadamia, and other well olive oil, if you can find real olive oil, even have a cod oil. Those should be, you know, the predominance of a lot of your fats in your diet. And then the supplemental fork should come from your omega-3s and 6s. Another Olympia related question from Tony Melzond. Do you see anyone new cranking the top six in the open class this year? If so, who gets balanced out? I'll give you the top six from last year. Bill, the Romney, Bonack, Dexter, Rodin, and Rolie. I don't think that might, I don't think we're going to see anyone else in that top six that's going to really shake up anything. I think you'll see it in the 2012, you're going to see some new talent in there. But I don't know. I just don't think there's anyone, you know, maybe Nathan the ash should get sneak in there. But then again, who do you throw out of that top six? That's the question. No, if Kai Green would enter the show, I think that he would be certainly in the top six. And someone would get booted out of there. I think Rolie's going to move up. If anyone was going to get kicked out of that top six, it might be like a rodent, you know, because he's had some health issues earlier this year, although I hear he's looking really good and he's at the best ever. So I don't think we're going to see the same top six this year. Cosm L centri or Rimidex. Is it a must-during cycle? Does it help with libido? Can someone off-cycle? Use it. Well, Rimidex blocks the conversion test often into estrogen. If you're a person that aromatizes testosterone really easily, meaning you convert a lot of testosterone to estrogen, a remees is an absolute must-during. And you know who you are. You know when your estrogen is your whole water, your nipples are sensitive. You hold body fat in your lower body, like a woman would, and that's an estrogenic person. That's the person who absolutely needs a Rimidex. When I was on hormone replacement, I never took a Rimidex because I just didn't need it. I didn't aromatize that much in my body. And I think it's because my body fat levels were really low. So you have to figure out what you're genetics are. Now if you do take some a Rimidex and you lower your estrogen, you're going to suppress your natural testosterone much less because it's estrogen that suppresses the pituitary from releasing LHNFSA, which stimulates testosterone production. So if you don't have any estrogen around, you're not going to shut off that feedback loop, and you're going to produce more natural testosterone. So once again, you got to go by what are your genetics and are you estrogenic and not do you need your dog you need it? Stolen adult 2 with a question on a column Von Mologer based on your experience, will column Von Mologer be able to squamp beyond 315 again or better yet, bring his quads to the development he once had? I thought I was going to be able to. I was actually squiding 225, you know, and from easy reps and I thought I was going to go back to 315 although I wasn't ready to push it at that point. But you know what, my quad just didn't hold up and it like, oh, now he's a younger guy. So he should he'll find. He should recover from the surgeries. Long as he doesn't try to repel off the side of a free impairment, something like that. And he's here with just something like that. He should recover and he should be out the lift again. He should be out of the belt branch warranted. The branch warrant wasn't doing crazy stuff either after, you know, his surgery. So who knows, you know, I'd like to see him get back. I like his physique. I think he's got a good personality. I'd love to interview him, you know, one of these days. And I think that he's a real talent. I think he's his own worst enemy right now. TJ O'Connor, the vacuum pose has been a super popular has become a super popular pose once again in body building and especially with the classic physique division. My waist has always been small, but I can't seem to create that sucked in look. What are some techniques to help hit this pose effectively? And the shout out, Shani Grant responding below on that question as well. Okay. You know, I, I, I, I, I love the vacuum pose. I do. I think, and I think I like because no one was hitting it. Now that everyone's doing it, it's kind of making me a little, I'm just not kind of getting a little bored with it. To be honest, not everyone should hit the vacuum pose. Okay. Because not everyone looks good in the vacuum pose. Some physiques don't look that good. It's just weird looking on them. So, you know, if you have a real deep ribbox like Arnold did, you know, that vacuum pose is a, and that vacuum looks great. But a lot of guys that doesn't look great. So, you got to determine what works the orthozyg. Don't try to be someone else. Don't try to hit a vacuum just because you think that's a classic pose that you have to hit. It's silly to do that. Only use it if it works to your advantage on stage. And you know, you can look at pictures and you can say, hey, that looks good or, it doesn't. And if you're not sure, ask someone else that you know is going to tell them the truth. I'll tell you in the truth. If you vacuum pose, look good. And what was the other part of the question? No, that was the question. I thought there was another piece to it. No, no, no, I said shout out to Shini Granthagashi, I was going to get another, the part of the question was how do you get to do a vacuum pose? Now, if you're having trouble hitting the pose, you can do these intestinal excess breathing exercises that I've talked about in other videos. But you kind of just put your hands on your stomach. You suck in, you push out, you suck in, you push out. You do 300 of those a day. That's working that transverse abdominis muscle. That's the inner layer of muscle under the rectus abdominis. Though that layer of muscles are responsible pulling in your stomach. That's what you're doing on a vacuum pose. You're pulling in your stomach and then throwing your arms up so that you hitting that vacuum. So you're blowing your air out and sucking your stomach into the same time. But if you don't have strong transverse abdominis muscles, you're not going to be able to pull your stomach in that much. That's why you got to start doing these intestinal breathing exercises once again. In, out. It feels unnatural to push out, but you push out, you push pull it, you push out, you pull it, and you do that 300 times a day. Within I promise you within a month or two, you're going to see a complete difference in the way for you execute that vacuum pose. Car 84, how to train and eat right with an active chronic ulcerative colitis. You got to be careful, you got to find what works for you. The food you know, you're going to figure out which foods you're body tolerates, which one doesn't. A great supplement is by standard processes, is by as well you have complex. It's got a very strong extract of as well you with a couple other anti inflammatory herbs in there. You take that and it seems to calm down the colitis tremendously once again. You've got to be able to eat, you can't become a victim of your colitis. You have to find a way to get it done. Get those meals in, eat clean, try to stay away from irritating foods. Try to take a probiotic, whether it be a body sour crowd, a couple servings every day. These are things you've got to do. You have restrictions on yourself when you have all sorts of colitis. But if you live by those restrictions in there and you know what irritates it makes it worse and what makes it better, then you can control the disease. Bahama Jamal, would you please talk about sugar alcohols and sugar substitutes like stevia and the difference between them. How are they calorie free yet taste so sweet? Well, there's different sweeteners. There's aspirate which has been around forever which is just two amino acids. A phenolalanine in a sporadic acid. You mix them together and they taste sweet. I don't know why people get so crazy about aspirate. I think it's going to cause everything from cancer and death. All these ters, autism and all these terrible things. I don't agree with you. Two amino acids mix the acid, can't be that bad for you. Now if you eat anything in an excessive amount, you're going to get side effects. So being said, don't overdo it. Now, splender is like the new generation of like equal. Because what splender is, it's superlose. It looks like a sucrose with a tablespoon of molecular, but then they've altered it chemically. So your body doesn't recognize it. And so you just don't absorb it. But it tastes, it's actually 10 times more, maybe more, sweeter than regular sugar. So that and you can cook with it. It has a good texture to it. So here's something you can certainly use. Now, steveer is something that all the naturalistic, the naturalists, I like to call them, started using. Oh, we can't use autofrocious sweetness. We only can use things from nature as if amino acids are not from nature. Whatever. So steveer actually is an herb that they find in the grown wildly, that actually tastes sweet. And the province, it's got a slight bitter taste to it. So you have to really kind of blend it. Usually it's mixed with some kind of other sweetener, artificial sweetener, to kind of even it off, and allow it to be consumed without having that super bitter taste. I happen to like it a lot. If the right type, steveer balance for me is the best one, because it's steveer mixed with the inulin fiber, which is unabsorbable, sourced fiber. And I see people get really good results that steveer balance you can even unlimited amounts of what you're dying, if they're worried about it. The problem with the splendor and equal packages is they add a gram of dextrose, or a gram of, usually, it's usually dextrose that they knew put in there. Well, I've seen multi-dextron. They're all, it's basically sugar. But it's only one gram per pack, but most people eat five, ten, five, and twenty packets a day. So that's not a good idea to do. So when you're dieting for a show, stick with the steveer balance, off season, if you want to take in a couple packets of sucrose, not a big deal. Like I said, I put it in my D-Cath coffee every morning. I know people that add it to their shakes, they make it a little sweeter. There's nothing wrong with that. Tantos, oh sorry, I just want to bring up sugar alcohols. Sugar alcohols that they used to use back in the day would give you crazy diarrhea, malabsorption. They would terrible. The new one's say, like, you know, a rithritol, they're sugar alcohols, but they kind of don't really, you know, mess with blood sugar that much. But remember, guys, there's no such thing as a free calorie. Every carb count. The only carbs you can't have the count would be your five-risk carbs. But sugar alcohols is still coloric. They're not sugar, but they coloric. Time for a couple of more questions. Panos, Dave, I've heard that when you use synthetic H-H in the morning, you must not eat carbs the first meal, but thanks. Is that true? Is it release of insulin, make any negative effects on your synthetic H-H? And what's your opinion about the best time to take your H-H during the day? Yeah, I like to take a growth hormone in the morning. Because you're the most catabolic in the morning. You're having the most catabolic hormones coming from cortisol early in the morning. And then as the day goes on, cortisol drops and your natural and your hormones go off your animal hormones. So you might as well take growth hormone in the morning when you're the most catabolic to try to counteract some of that, right? Because then you're going to grow better. The problem is that a lot of people, I'm just trying to think, what was the original question? I want to go back. Oh, wow. I'm kind of blanking on that as well. Oh, yeah. It was a long question about the best time to take. But that's time for me. Yeah, I remember. I remember, as I was going to say. Oh, by having carbs, yeah, for me. So when you're taking growth hormone, because it's actually growth hormone already and you're not worrying about your body producing its own, you could eat whatever you want. Because no matter what you eat, you could eat a gallon of ice cream. It doesn't matter how much sugar is in an ice cream because if you inject G-H, you've got G-H in your bloodstream. Now, if you're trying to stimulate your body to produce its own growth hormone and you're eating a high carb diet, high sugar content, okay, that could suppress your natural G-H release. But we're not trying to get our body to release G-H. We're actually taking synthetic G-H. So it doesn't matter what the environment is that you put it in, if you're taking synthetic G-H, you've got the G-H in your body and it's going to act like G-H. And that's the bottom line. But if you're taking something that stimulates growth hormone release from the pituitary gland, now you have to look at what's the environment around it because maybe you won't actually release as much G-H as you thought, if you have an ostimulus that you're giving your body, make sense? Think it should. Mm-hmm. Sorush SRD can you explain sodium loading? I'm not a big sodium load. I believe in sodium loading the whole diet, meaning that never cut your sodium. Heat would ever salt you want, it's a matter of fact, salt your foods, the more sodium you consume, the less sodium sensitive you become. How do you become sodium sensitive? Well, if you don't need a lot of salt to your diet, what happens is your body gets the senses low sodium. So it sends out a signal to release the hormone aldosterone from the adrenal glands. Aldosterone's job is to re-absorb sodium and water. So eating salt will actually make you more salt sensitive because the longer you go with that salt, okay, your body starts to release and then a hormone known as aldosterone. Aldosterone's job is to re-absorb sodium and water. So if you're eating no salt, you're gonna have high aldosterone every time you do eat salt, you're retaining. If you're eating enough salt in your diet already, your aldosterone production will never go up, okay, because your body doesn't need it. So when you do eat a big salty crazy meal, you won't absorb that whole meal. You'll actually pee at everything and get rid of it because you don't have super high aldosterone. So the biggest mistake people make is somehow is restricting salt in their diet, thinking it's gonna get them leaner and it's not. Prime time, what's the idea behind having your feet elevated while winning backstage for a show? Well, the problem is when you backstage, okay, if you're on your feet, all the fluid that's left in your body will pool in your legs and you'll get swollen ankles and a lot of times your legs can smooth that a little bit. By laying down and elevating your feet, you're allowing the blood to come back to the heart and get re-circulated efficiently without that blood leaving, okay, the circulatory system and what happens is the blood's not really leaving. It's the actual clear fluid portion of the blood, the water part of the blood that was leaving and going under the skin and is gonna create more subcutaneous water, okay, we don't want that. One more question is from Iisha and Thayton. It's a question that we used to have a lot on the first few episodes of Iron Davey. Some say bodybuilding is not a real quote sport, your take. You know, you're going to the gym, you're working out. It's a physical endeavor. It requires proper nutrition, it requires sleep, right? It requires the use of possibly performance enhancing drugs. That to me is a sport. Now, bodybuilding is a sport, but bodybuilding competition is judged like a pageant, like almost a beauty pageant. There are certain guidelines that you want to look for and muscle size and conditioning and something like that, but ultimately, the judges pick who they like. What the overall look is that they're a pit that they're attracted to. That's like, hey, that's what I think bodybuilding should be about. So there's real no in stone rules. You can kind of vote for whoever you want as a judge. And so that makes it a pageant in a sense. So it's a sport in the gym when you compete. It's a pageant. Don't get upset when you don't get the placing you want because you think you deserve it. That doesn't mean that everyone else agrees with the European end of the way you look. Some people may say, you know what, he looks good, but he doesn't look. I don't think that's not a look that's appealing to me. So that's why people get frustrated. And you can't get frustrated. It is what it is. That's the way it goes. It's not a subjective sport. It's a opinionated sport. And the judges get to decide who they like and who they want and that winner circle. That is going to do it for this episode of As Game Again. Broke to you by Speeding Nutrition, visit speciesnutrition.com. For Dave Lomo and our producer Tyler Shore, I'm Siddee for Rokey. We'll see you next time.