Old School Body Building Clothing Company. If it's been three and a half hours since you last ate protein, now you're starting to freak out, you are old school. If watching someone sit on a hammer machine for five minutes between sets playing with their phone, pisses you off, you are definitely old school. OSBBC.com for the hardest training athletes. I'm Dave Palombo, founder of Species Nutrition. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body. And that lives on in the Species Nutrition Lighter Products. I put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition Products. If you want to be your absolute best, join the Evolution. Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA PIXX Road, there's 30 year in a row. And what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching tasty pastry. It's a low-car caulk tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Alright, tell vision on RSMuscle.com. This is as Dave better known as hashtag as Dave. You're a 30 minute question and answer show with Dave Plumbo all your questions, diet, training, supplementation. I have to be pros, news, bodybuilding, anything outside of bodybuilding and beyond. It is all on the table as we now bring in Dave. You just recorded a preview video for these, this weekend Chicago Pro. A show that had the late inclusion of one really winkler. A lot of big names in the show, Hunter LaBrada. Mahama Shabana has had impressive form this year. A son, Mustafa, Max Charles. A lot of excitement, but as you did know, this is really show to lose. I think that, you know, look, I mean, Rulli Winkler is by far the number one guy in this line. I mean, as much as I love Hunter LaBrada's physique and I think he's great, you know, he obviously really impressed the hell out of us last year. And I'm sure he made improvements this year. There's no doubt that he's coming back better than he was. I don't think he could touch a Rulli Winkler who's at 100% because I think 100% literally Winkler could potentially win the Olympia this year. I think Rulli's coming in and make a statement. He's got to be really upset from last year, not being able to do that Olympia, getting that COVID at the last minute. This is an important show for him. It's an important show for a number of reasons. Number one, it's important because he wants to let everyone know that he's still around and he's still one of the best out there. Number two, it's a retribution for not being able to do the Olympia last year. And number three, he wants that momentum going into the Arnold and then going into the Olympia. And so I think we're going to see an amazing Rulli Winkler. If we don't, this could be the writing on the wall that maybe something's going on with Rulli. But I don't, I've seen some pictures from, you know, that he's posted over the last couple of weeks. I mean, this guy is, looks insane to me. I hope he comes in at his best. He'll be hard to beat. I think Huntsal Abraut will be right there, Mo. Shabani is going to be right there. So I think we got a lot of great guys in this lineup that could potentially do some serious damage. And get, I guess what, that, two 12-class and classic class are also going to be outstanding. He got a key on pierced in and there. You got a carriage badge on my guy in there in the 2012. You're going, this is going to be a lot of battles up on that stage. And I'm thinking we're going to see some, maybe the best show in the year. We posted a picture of Caripadjo kind of a weeks ago. I mean, Ricky Form, heading into the Chicago Pro. Check that video out right now. It is live on our YouTube channel, Dave Flumbos Preview of the Chicago Curals. Go to the questions, the first few questions. From the Dave Flumbos Experience app, Dave, I know that your Keter Genie diet works great with building muscle losing body fat. But I'm trying to understand why a lot of pro bodybuilders knock it down and say Caripadjo are way more beneficial for bodybuilding use if you can explain. You've got to look at who's at the person you're dealing with. For the average person or the introductory bodybuilder, getting in shape for a competition, a lot of times a ketogenic diet works really well. It works amazing for women. Because women don't do well with carbs and women don't have crazy fast metabolism with the exception of there is a few. And I've worked with women that you got a few carbs to. When you deal with guys who however are at the elite level and they're packing 280 pounds of muscle on their body, they're competing for 10 years. They have muscle maturity. They don't walk around with a lot of body fat because the metabolism are insane. Those people need carbs. We all need a fuel source. But when you have that amount of muscle that demands down like energy, sometimes eating a ketogenic diet just can't provide that fuel source. And what happens is you want to be using the protein you're eating anyway for fuel. If you could eat carbs and I tell you, look, I've been using my ketogenic diet for years. And what I've found over the years is that for people who can metabolize the carbohydrates and eat the high protein and moderate fat, that's the best in area. But for most people, you can't give them high protein, moderate fat and moderate carbs. It's too much. They won't lose. So there has to be an expendable nutrient. So I find it for people who don't have those insane metabolism. A lot of times, using a ketogenic diet is a better approach because you're giving the body what it needs, high protein, moderate fat. Okay. And having said that, a lot of times with most of the men I work with, I don't go exclusively into a ketogenic state with them. I do some days with carbs, some days that are higher in fat. And that seems to work. And then as we get closer to the shelf, they're not losing enough weight. I'll go to more protein in fat days and go maybe into a ketogenic state. With women I usually go right into a ketogenic state because they do better in that. Why? Because their brain has a fuel source all the time. They don't get cravings, they don't get moody. I'm giving their body fat. Okay. Which is what it needs. And women's bodies, if you don't give them enough fat, especially essential fatty acids, their body will hoard fat in their lower body and the lower half of their body. Even though their upper body may get super lean, their lower body stays softer. The cost of the fat that they have a high amount of estrogen in their body. So women do better on ketogenic diets. Plus they don't like to be bloated. So when you eat no carbs, you don't hold any fluid. You look better and you mentally feel better. So once again, it's not for everyone. But if you ask that most of the people who don't like ketogenic diets are people who don't need to use a ketogenic type of amount of protein. If I'm a pro and I'm 280 pounds and I can eat carbs and I can eat protein and some fat in my diet. Now I'm going to get ripped. Why would I take all the carbs out of this no reason to? So it's not a knee jerk. Hey, this is what you have to do. It's what's the person goals? What kind of metabolism they have? What's their body? Muscle mass, weight and what's their activity level? And then you can figure out what works best. And that's what it's all about. It's about experimentation. Every person is a little different. Second question again from the Dave Pull-Ambo Experience app. Thoughts on the supplement and AD. You know, I started taking it because it's good anti-aging supplements. What's the good for brain function? I used the oral form a bit for probably six months. Then a tight medical center. A good friends over a tighten. They came out with an injectable form of it that I tried and I liked. I got to make sure a little flush when you first take it. Almost like a nice and like effect. But then that goes away after a couple minutes. And I used that for, you know, I'm still using it actually. So I find that it obviously you can inject it. It's got to be more potent at least in my mind, right? But the pill form that I use from life extension has gotten good reviews as well. So you could use both. I don't think it's necessary if you're under the age of 35 because what it really does is helps the mind of a congeria function better, which are found that all the cells of our body including brain cells. So I think it's one of these like more of an anti-aging type of situation. As we can older, this is something you might want to add to the next. They would glue to fire and glue to fire is great. But if you're really young, you probably produce enough of it naturally in your body. And you may not need to take a supplemental form of it. Obviously if you're eating, you know, a lot of, you know, taking in toxic compounds like antibiotics, it will help you deliver detox. But I find that an AD is something for probably the people over the age of 35. Obviously people in the 50s and 60s would probably benefit it for most because those are the people going to be the most efficient. Let's go to our Instagram questions again. If you're not already following this or handles official on risk or our ex muscle if you're watching us for the first time on YouTube, hit the subscribe button below hit the notification bell. You're not going to miss any of our shows segment, especially now rolling into the Chicago Pro. So before you know it's going to be the all-class condense right after that's going to be Olympia. So truck full of pre-visitments, iron debates, interviews, the whole nine, just like we do pre-contest heading into the big contest season. Let's go to Neil Zaluski, Dave, what physique did you aim to emulate when you first started bodybuilding? You know, when I first started just just working out, I wanted to look like, you know, Stallone and Rocky and Rambo. And then it went to like more of a like an Arnold like, you know, the, oh, I can't really Arnold in some of his movies, Conan and Predator and all those movies. And then, you know, once I got past the whole movie star look, then I, you know, and I started getting it to competing. I, during the A-tademy, you'd influence something. When I saw the amount of muscle he was able to add to his body, the way he trained, blooding guts, high intensity, you know, less set, more intensity, full range of motion. I just, and I saw the nasty put on his body. That was just captivating. And I, and I've said this before. When I was at that 1993, I think it was gasposing. You did it the NPC Atlantic states. He had already been Mr. Olympia, but he made tremendous improvements between 92 and 93. And he got on that stage and almost 300 pounds, gasposing six weeks before the Olympia. And he blew everyone's mind. That's, in my head was the moment that I said, ah, ah, that's what I want to do. That's how I want to look like that. And so that was really a big, I guess a big, it gave me an image of my head to strive for. That's what I was striving for. And I said, you know what, if you can do it, I can do it. And I did achieve, you know, the 300 pound mark. I did have the level of leanness that he did. I didn't have his structure. And that's why I wasn't Mr. Olympia or a pro. But I was able to use that as a, as a vision of my head to achieve. It's hard to achieve some of you. You can't envision it. Once I saw Dory did it, I was like, yes, I can do it too. Let's go to Tony win, Dave, and getting back in a weight training almost 50 years old, haven't touched gear in over 10 years. Any advice on natural products to elevate to stonstron levels? An average guy, working at our manual work in only 30 minute break training. But so he was asking, I guess about natural stuff. And then training, would you keep it to a minimum, maybe a couple times per week or do you think maybe one body par per day and during the day worth relying on a couple of quick protein. So he's going into the whole thing about this. It must just stick to the natural supplements to racist sauce from levels. Well, for the, with training, I always find that four to five times a week is enough for as far as weight training. And I like to do one body part per day. If you're going to do four days, obviously you can combine some body parts. But more five days a week is good. You definitely want to take at least two days off per week to rest. Maybe at 50, you might want to go to a three day rest four days of training. Having said that, I think the best natural way to, you know, a lot of people don't realize it. As we get older, people think your testosterone drops. What really happens in a lot of people and they don't realize this is that it's testosterone you're producing is the same as it was when you were a little younger. More of it is converting to other stuff. And the other stuff that converts to, when I've said this a million times, I'll repeat it because it bears protein, repeating is testosterone can convert to estrogen and it can convert to DHT or dihydrotestosterone. The DHC when it gets too elevated, it can go as hair loss, it goes acne, it goes prostate enlargement. When it converts to estrogen, we know the worst thing that estrogen production does in the body and it's not gyneclamaz, it's not fluid retention. The estrogen shuts down your pituitary gland. Okay. What it basically does is it goes to the hypothalamus in the brain and binds to estrogen receptors. It tells the hypothalamus stop producing, genetic trap, genetic tropic releasing hormone. The genetic tropic releasing hormone is necessary for the pituitary to be stimulated in your brain, which then produces lootinizing hormone and fall-facilstimulating hormone, LHFSH, which stimulates the testicles to produce testosterone. So if you have too much estrogen around, you shut down testosterone production in your testicles. So it's a vicious cycle. So we get all there. We produce more DHC in estrogen. We have less testosterone around and then we shut down testosterone production with the all that estrogen production. So it creates a havoc on the body. And it does a very easy solution to the problem. In addition to trying to directly stimulate testosterone, naturally, which we can do with the espartic acid and a couple other products out there. My testolized product that I produced from species nutrition utilizes natural ingredients that block or blunt the production of DHT in the body and blunt the production or bind up and pull extra estrogen out of the body. Because you can't really naturally inhibit estrogen production because that would require something like an aromotace inhibitor. But you can grab up the extra estrogen and get rid of it from the body before it binds to the hypothalamus and shuts it down. And that's what testolized uses. Those two methodologies of limiting estrogen, blocking DHT production, and then also naturally or stimulating, early, the production of testosterone. When you put all that together, what you're doing is you're recreating a youthful scenario in your body. What is producing testosterone and it's staying as testosterone. And that's what you're real. That's the best way to naturally enhance it. So if you took like testolized three pills twice today, I guarantee you'd see a benefit. Not only that give it to a lot of kids who have bad acne problems, it cures that women as they get older and they get sending hair sometimes because their DHT levels start to predominate because the estrogen levels go down and you can take a testolized to limit the DHT production in your body and you'll see benefits of that as well. So that would be my suggestion. If that doesn't work and you just feel really low and you go for testing and you're super low in testosterone, you can contact titemeticalcenter.com, tell them day to lungo set you and you can go in hormone replacement and you have them give you an HRT dose testosterone to make GG. And I think that that would also solve the problem. But if you want to, I would suggest trying it naturally first. If you can't get it into a good range, then opt for the other hormone replacement. Well it's good to classic physique, Nash. Dave generally speaking, what's the best way to space out and dose HCG for an effective PCT after a moderately dose 12 weeks cycle of gear, not looking for the full protocol just in the ECG aspect. How long you take HCG's really up to you? I mean, for guys that are going to go back on a cycle in eight weeks after they stop, I usually do two weeks of HCG, two weeks of cloment and then four weeks off everything. If you're not going to go back on right away and you're going to stay off for six months or longer, you can do HCG for two months if you want. And I usually, I usually dose it every third day in my pregnancy protocol, my baby making protocol that I give out, I do it every other day. But for purposes of turning back on the body, every third day is perfect because you get like with HCG getting an initial dose and then you get like a second pulse after three days. So I like to do it every on every third day type of situation and usually I do anywhere from a thousand to two thousand I use every third day. And what that does is it gives you a body a nice jolt or it gives your testicles at least a nice jolt and they'll start producing more testosterone. And if you keep doing it on a regular basis, you're going to keep that testosterone production going. Now, if you're trying to clean your body out and you're trying to like get those receptors to regenerate, you don't want to stay on HCG consistently because you're going to keep your S testosterone elevated too much. You're almost wanting to drop a little bit so you take your HCG, you stimulate, let the testicles start producing something at least, then you can pull away the HCG and then whatever, you know, your body does it will probably drop the levels down a little bit because now you don't have that artificial stimulus there anymore. That's when I usually have people kick combated. So the question is, do you want to turn yourself back on because you're going to go back on in eight weeks or are you going to stay off for a long period of time in which case you might want to use HCG, you know, continuously. I take a shot of HCG every couple weeks just to kind of like wake my body up. Even though my levels naturally are good there, you know, they're still a little low and I don't really want to go on HCRT. I don't feel I need it but I like to take a shot of HCG every three weeks or so just to kind of like, boom, give my testosterone levels a rise. I stay on my test-sized products and my estrogen and DHCR lower and everything seems to work really well in that case. It was good to team team band band, good for another post-contot test question. I've always wondered and one of the explanation of the rebounding event at the contest. I wanted to place a lot of people who don't want to go. In my show Ultra-shredded and now when I eat a meal within an hour or two feels like I've never eaten any food at all personally, I've made a very good rebound putting on 15 to 20 pounds a little bit of cheating but mostly all my meals have been clean just off the quantity larger, score wondering what this physiological, I guess this question is the physiological science I guess behind the rebound given his circumstances that he's gained 15 to 20 pounds but he kind of wants a better explanation as far as coming and shredded eating feeling like he's never eaten before yet putting on that weight. When your body is being deprived of nutrients for a long period of time because you're dieting and I'm just trying to mobilize stuff out of the cells. You want to burn, you want to duplicate glycogen out of your muscles, you want to duplicate glycogen out of the liver, you want to mobilize fat out of the fat cells. Your body is not happy about this. You're hiding once to store it. Once it's trying to restore itself to what it was prior to you starting to die it but what you're doing is you're putting yourself in a deficit of energy, you're taking fat burners, you're doing cardio, you know. So you're doing all this stuff is making your body mobilize stuff out when it really doesn't want to. It likes to stay the same all the time. That's why we have a certain set point. The body will fight to stay at that set point. If you try to lower your weight, okay, by burning fat, it's going to fight you. If you try to gain weight, it's going to burn up those extra calories. That's just the way the body works. So now you do this for 16 weeks, right? You get in the best shape of your life, you're a 2% body fat and now you start to eat, okay. More food than your body requires. Okay, glycogen stores are empty. They're going to start filling up with carbs, okay. You're going to feel bigger. Now your body is going to have a more volume-wise muscle cell which is going to put it in a really out of bulk, you know, state. Now the muscle cells want to grab protein and store them as muscle tissue essentially because it's scared because you've been restricting it for so long. That's the phenomenon. That's the anabolic phenomenon or the anabolic rebound phenomenon you get. It has nothing to do with the drugs you're taking. That's why a lot of people say, oh, I got to do a massive cycle after my show for six weeks to get the rebound. You don't need to. You have so many drugs in your system already if you're taking out of all it's that you have enough there to grow. It's the food. It's the targeting of the food because a lot of people after a show they eat a lot of junk but they don't really have a regimented eating and they actually wind up night eating enough protein. They're eating too many carbs in fact. They get bloated. They get they don't feel good and then they never really achieve anything. You have to have a single, your mind has got to be focused. Okay, shows over. I took my break. I took a few days off after the show. I'm ready to go back to the gym now. I'm going to build some muscle. I'm going to eat red you meant it. It doesn't have to be super crazy clean but you can eat more food but you got to get those six meals, seven meals in a day. You post workout shake and if you do this religiously for four to six weeks after your show, you will put on muscle. Your body wants to build muscle after that. It wants to store. It just wants to store. It also wants to store fat but that's why you're not going to overdue the food because you don't want to get fat just because you're, you know, but ironically enough that the push your body is going to build so much muscle after the show is over, after the diets over. A lot of that storage that would normally happen in a typical off-season scenario is not going to happen here because your body is using all that fat that you're eating and the stored fat as a fuel source to fuel the muscle building process. So you've got the perfect environment to grow. It's not about, it's a lot of people think it's about the drugs. It's not. And when you withdraw the drugs and you start doing PCT right after a show, it's actually good because your body is cleaner and when you're cleaner and you're not eating and when you're not taking a lot of anabolic, your body has a better appetite. So the key is getting enough food in training, stimulate, not muscle. You don't want to do a lot of sets. You don't want to do a lot of, you know, different crazy exercises stick to your basics and I promise you you'll put muscle on after your show even in the absence of taking drugs. Let's go to lag and no excuse. He wants to know what's far as dumbbell pullovers. If you can maybe want to demonstrate this by gesture, can hit the chest more than hitting the lats. You know, I probably if this was two years or I wouldn't be able to demonstrate anything like I'm going to reach out in my head but I can reach out my head now and I could show this. You know, Dorian was a big pullover guy and Dorian's fault for Dorian did them for lats and he felt if you sit in the machine, the old Dorian was pullover machine. You sat in a machine like this and there was like a pad here and a pad here with a bar you grab and you went back behind you and you pulled the bar down driving from your elbows which is really basically driving from your lats and he felt it had built more of the the lats that kind of sticks out from the front when you do that front lats spread. So he liked those pullovers. Now the other pullovers we kind of laying back on a bench and with the dumbbell over the bench and you kind of bringing it over here. I always felt that work more packed and almost like the serratus anterior muscles here that kind of connect the pack to the abdominal muscle sure. I never really felt it as a full blown chest exercise. It was always either like you said in the normal machine as a lat type of movement or the dumbbell pullover more as a serratus, you know anterior muscle here. These muscles right here. It definitely adds detail to your chest area because these serratus connect right into the pecs and it definitely can help your lats flare a little bit more if it's used properly. I think people do too many sets sometimes they do too much weight and they don't really feel it in the muscles they're supposed to feel it in. It's not a fine actually it's not really a fine exercise alone comfortable especially with the dumbbell but you got don't go too heavy that's the key just because dorn and used a 150 pound dumbbell doesn't mean you have to use a dumbbell that you can control and squeeze you know that muscular chair in the pack and and serratus area when you're on a bench if you're trying to do it for lats and you get on it on the pullover machine you don't want to be cheating on that either pushing from your hands make sure you're driving through your elbows. It's good to blow off me day a train legs till they're dead but I ended up being sore for four to five days after and the pain is unbearable any tip to reduce soreness. It's almost something you just started doing legs I never really got sore even on the worst most brutal leg workout I ever did and I did some brutal leg workouts. I never was sore for four days except when I very first started when you first started the first leg workout I ever did I remember I was in the gym in the gym in Pennsylvania and I decided I was going to do squats and I started with the 10 pounds on each of the bar and I'm squatting that's easy 25 and I had never squatting before and I got up to and someone said don't go heavy the 25 so you first leg workout I'm like I got strong legs I put the 45s on 135 and I do like that six or seven reps that was a little wobbly you know because I had never done it before and I'm telling you the next day I could not sit on a toilet bowl I was in so much pain that I didn't do legs again for two months after that I saw never do legs again I can't I can't deal with that I didn't see it was that crippling I couldn't believe it because the weight didn't feel that heavy to me but I had never done it and so two months later I decided I was going to do legs again and it did this time and only I was only sore for like a day or two and then the next time I did that was sore for a day so if you're sore for four days and you're not a beginner something's a little wrong you're you're absolutely overdue you're probably doing too much volume and too much weight but if you do enough if you do the weight and you're using full range of motion which it sounds like you're getting a real workout there's no reason to do 25 30 sets you're doing too much you should not have that delayed muscle soreness for that many days that is a absolute side that you're over training your legs. interesting one here from AJ 49 Dave your thoughts on fine grams of loose scene of postwork out before any protein consumption in order to increase proteins synthesis the studies look very promising. I mean loose scene we know turns on m tour which is basically that it flips the switch in the muscle cell it says to the muscle cell alright start engaging and protein synthesis now you need to feed in the amino acids you know from protein consumption to actually start building repairing the muscles. They found you know doing these studies that yes loose scene is the main contributor to turning on this switch however they also found that loose scene in association with the other amino acids in other words like a way protein okay isolate that would have because scrupal way protein isolate has like a lot of loose scene and it has 11,000 milligrams of branching amino acids so this this probably 6,000 milligrams of loose scene in there and they find that the loose in content in association with the other amino acids in a whole food source the animal food source is a better or more potent stimulus I think of and then from what I read of m tour than just taking pure loose scene would be. Now if you're a vegan and you don't take animal source to a protein which all the plant sources are very very low in branch chains you might want to add a you know like a product like my amino evolve is a fermented amino acid product so a lot of vegans can use it you might do a scoop of that postwork out then go home and eat your vegan meal that's fine but for people who eat you know animal source or protein I still say way isolate is the gold standard postwork out. Hardly brochacho does bulking really matter if you're not on antibiotics or seeing that almost all natural dudes including myself that both just get fat and the loose the way and look the same when they were cutting time at their time again and again with insignificant improve. So if you're bulking and you're just getting fat and you're not putting on muscles and that there's a problem there. I work with a couple of people and I have two clients right now very very loyal clients there they're they're really dedicated to body going it it I like working with them because they're so passionate about what they do but they're not making the games that they should be making they're taking they're taking some kind of lot of drugs they're taking drugs they're eating the food they're taking the right nutritional supplements but yet they're not growing properly and and you know I have to say to my summary well what can possibly be wrong here because you gotta be sure all I can't see here. The read the food that doing you know they're going to the gym that the only thing that I don't have control over okay it would be being in the gym with these guys especially if they don't live in this country right so I'm like send me videos training videos of you doing your squat workouts your your incline bench workouts your shoulder press all the main movements I want to see how they execute and and with both of these guys I noticed when they showed me the videos they were not doing full range of motion they were doing very short range of motion because they were trying to live too much way they weren't engaging the muscles they were supposed to engage like a lot of times people get on that bench and they start rolling their shoulders forward so they can't get the weight up and they cheat and that's working front the altcy you're not using your pecs because they're not keeping the pecs up you know and back okay if you can't lift the weight the right way then don't it's too much weight you got to light in the weight up so a lot of people just I think they're not training properly and that's why a lot of people not getting the results that they want and that's one of the reasons why when people both they think are I'm just gonna eat a ton of food take a ton of drugs and I'm gonna get big no you're not if you're gaining a lot of weight and you're not training properly you're just gaining fat okay if you're training properly however and you eat enough protein okay and you don't want to overeat the carbs just to be the sake of putting weight scale on you know putting weight on the scale but if you're eating enough calories in terms of an up protein enough fat and some carbs to fuel your workouts and you're training right and you're doing the supplements in and the gear you have to grow okay so it's a lot of times it's a training phenomenon now so I don't like when people say to me I got a bulk up I got a gain 50 pounds so you don't want to gain 50 pounds you have to gain muscle so if the 50 pounds is a terrible 50 pounds that's not good if the 50 pounds is mostly muscle and some water retention and a little bit of fat that's fine okay so yeah when I coach people and we start off on a certain offseason plan that might be very comparable to what other people doing I have to change it depending on how the person's progressing if a person is just getting fat then I'm gonna cut back their carbs and and put them raise their cardio a little bit and then I have to say to myself why are they gaining muscle and then I got to look at their training what they're doing so a lot of times also some guys a lot of people out there using fake drugs that's why I recommend to everyone highly recommend because I see I see these tests come in all the time to get the Roy test kits that I sell from Bill of Wellen on my daypalumma.com website and test your gear trust me everyone who goes on my on my site to buy a kit if they come back with something that doesn't seem kosher it's not meshing with what they said to me to an email and they say what do you think of this color reaction and a lot of times the stuff is either nothing or it's test propinate when it should be you know pre-mobile or it's test propinate when it should be a test an athate or it's test propinate when it should be trend alone there's a lot of fake stuff a lot of worlds come back as dianibule rather than an anovar or windshield you have to test the drugs out there a lot of the GHS fake test them it doesn't keep believe me you'll have a your mind will be put at rest because if you're not growing because you're on fake drugs you're wasting your time essentially so these are just some of the pitfalls that I find that people have to answer the question you don't need to get fat to get more muscular it's not a live show where we just got a question of the species in bots from Chris Tyson can you take test a lies well on TRT? Absolutely and a matter of fact it works very well well on TRT because you're taking like let's say you're taking 200 milligrams of testosterone week you know you don't want that converting to DHD but at the same time you don't want to annihilate your DHD production because then you you need to lose your sex drive and you can be sensitized your ability to grow so I always tell people test the lies is good because it kind of just blunts the HC production likewise if you're producing if you are an aromatizer okay TRT doesn't necessarily warrant you taking a RIMITX because it's kind of like there's not a lot there that's to aromatize but in some people they aromatize and the estrogen then shuts down their body even more and sometimes they lose their sex drive so by flushing the extra estrogen out of the body the a test lies people seem to have a better TRT experience on a test lies than on nothing else now if you happen to be someone who's super aromatizer then you might need a little bit of aromatics you know uh wall on TRT it really depends on your blood work and and how you buy your response uh let's see if we can blaze through these last three uh okay pun day can you please speak about lymphoma I have these hard painless lumps in my tons of layer behind the neck even in the groin area not sure what it is well you know lymphoma is is that's a pretty extreme diagnosis that's like saying you have a pimple on your body and you think you have a melanoma okay so i would if you're if you're you're worried about it i would go get a check out more than likely you might have a viral infection in your body and your body's lymph nodes are cleaning it up and so they're swollen um but i would you know if it's something that's there chronically for months and months and months i would absolutely go get tested because it could be something serious it's probably unlikely that it is but it could be something serious let's go to v rod i need to take a blood test soon for my test levels i mean you need to be around 800 total how many weeks would you say it takes from around a total to sawstron 2000 lower my levels to 800 if i completely stop injections usually up to three weeks your levels will go down considerably because that's the these long acting testosterone that's there let that's their life span essentially three weeks and four four weeks you can get yourself really love if you want but if you're on hormone replace them with a clinic and you go in and your levels come up at 80 when they when before on HRT they were at like 500 they're going to know something suspicious now something is clinics might not care but you know you might want to just drop down your you might want to go off for two weeks and then go back on your HRT like at 100 milligrams per week and just leave it there and then go get tested you know at the fourth week mark and the level should come back in the range that they were normally at when you were only on HRT that would probably be my recommendation last one here from the same as sure does more strength build muscle or more muscle build strength it goes both ways really although i've seen skinny guys have a lot of strength i've seen guys in the gym who are 180 pounds bench press you know 450 and i'm like how the heck are they doing that i could i could barely do that when i was 320 you know so you know getting stronger doesn't mean you're getting bigger because it's just because you're strong and you have good tendon connections and good natural genetic strength doesn't mean you're going to get bigger because if you're an eating enough food if you're not doing full range of motion you know that's not going to you're not going to improve your muscle size however what i found was when i first started i wasn't super strong i was strong above average but i wasn't like some of these prodigies are but as i got bigger and as i built high quality muscle using full range of motion and really using correct exercise form my strength went up through the roof so i started as a guy who wasn't that strong and when i got to my biggest i was super strong i was in planning 405 for you know 68 reps i was told to press him behind the neck 315 for rep for 68 reps i was you know squatting 700 pounds for 3 or 4 reps so i i i got super strong because i got so big and i had functional muscle that that was using full range of motion so i would say that muscle size usually is what leads to strength but in some cases some people just happen to be genetically very strong even at a lower bodyweight that's going to do for this episode of as they remind her right now on the channel they plumbos preview of this weekend's exciting exciting chicago pro for talashore and day plumbo i'm sad if you're new to the next time