Old School Body Building Clothing Company. If it's been three and a half hours since you last ate protein, now you're starting to freak out, you are old school. If watching someone sit on a hammer machine for five minutes between sets playing with their phone, pisses you off, you are definitely old school. OSBBC.com for the hardest training athletes. Hey, dude, guys, at Green? Oh, so what's your question? So, good, natural transition to the next topic and that is, Kai Green and Phil Heat. I mean, we seem to do at least with Kai Green. It's just a semi-annual event as far as whether or not he will. Well, not completely the Olympia last week. Last week he posted a progress picture where he said he was three hundred and seventeen pounds. And of course, you're going to spark that debate again, whether or not he is. Well, there's a new post I said, there's a new post today someone's just sent me. Phil, Kai writes, Phil, Kiver's Phil, Mark your calendars. So it looks like said that. Kai said that? Yep. I'm putting it up on the screen right now. You can't see it, but it's up there. I don't know. Well, I think are we going to say the more is this time. Market it got upset people starting this debate again. People are going to get upset. Fuck guys. Always saying this blah, blah, blah, blah. But I'd love to see Kai come back. But the thing that's going to upset people is you think it's especially the termation. They're not going to like it. But I think David, I mentioned it before. Kai should get his shape, do the Arnold, if he wins the Arnold, then invited to the Olympia. But he's been out for five years now. If he gets invited, there's going to be a lot of people upset who don't want him there. And then if he wins the Arnold and gets an invite, the people at the Arnold who are going to the Olympia are going to get pissed off. That he's going to the Olympia. And it's not a qualifying show. So even way people are going to hate Kai. Yeah, so just to clarify, it's the picture. So a video clip from the 2014 Olympia where obviously Kai and Phil went face to face. And yeah, war is coming. Hashtag Kai versus hashtag fill. Mark your calendar as a video has Kai and Phil yelling at each other at that 2014 Olympia press conference. So we've been here again. We've been at this junction before, right? If Kai has been to come back and whether or not he actually confirms, well, wait on official work. Who knows, that might not even be for the Olympia. I might be at another venue. But the hot dog eating contest. I want to break it. Why were all here on break and then use a breaking news that's like the 90s revisited me loss, Kamali, Melbourne and myself. We're all coming back next year. They're going to bring back the eye main show. The four of us are coming back breaking news. They heard of he first. Oh, I have to have one because seemingly every episode of Astate. Now, there's some iteration of, hey Dave, do you think Lee's coming back? Hey Dave, you think Lee's really listically coming back? Hey Dave, Lee Lee this Lee that. Where are we? Back on stage. Anytime within the next 18 months. Oh, well, slow. I'll come back when Kai comes back. I'm not this new era, the world we're in. I think it's fantastic. And yes, I am saying, I am coming back. You're probably seeing me back if not next year to year after, but you will address me as Lee A. As I should be doing the miscellaneous. Thank you very much. Prof, you trained, Janda. I'm going into the women's. Thank you. I know, I know some of the, the, the clitorisers might be bigger than my deep heart. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. And that humility, Melanie Anthony will be shaving his, I mean, her beard and she'll be coming back to in the miscellaneous. Yes. No, no, no, no, no, no, I got to do the couples together. So, uh, devil is a laugh. I do it. Just do the, you're opinion it. Do we see Kai and Phil on the Olympia stage this year? I think we'll see Kai for sure. I doubt we're going to see Phil. I mean, look, uh, and if you have that competitive spirit, and I'm sure that the Calvin and Dave and Lee can confirm this. And let's say if we can close to be second at Olympia, few times, and in our heart, we feel like we could have won like Kai feels it. He has no injuries. He looks good. He set up for life, you know, he's situated, but that's fire must be still burning. And looking at the competition last few years, maybe he got that, uh, question mark, like, no, maybe I can come back and do the damage. And I think he can. So I absolutely think that Kai will be back. Phil, Arnold first, he's got to do the Arnold first. I tried. Well, okay, okay, okay, okay, first, I don't think that Arnold is qualified for 2000 tournament here. Yeah. Yeah. So, you know, this would be irrelevant anyway. But, uh, and he showed forget, fuck the Arnold. Do any show before? Bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, Kai. Okay, I mean, uh, I can. Kai has established himself as a runner up at Olympia a few times. He took a time off. That's he really need to prove anything, okay, earn a qualification now. This is why the LNC Olympia have that right to invite somebody that can bring the audience, that can bring excitement. And Kai is that for him to train for some other show, peak twice. And all the sudden, he will make no sense. I think Kai green earned the right to get not just in the station, but golden stamp in the station anytime you want to be at Olympia stage. This is, this is my thing. And in the 90s, back in the day, I don't know if you guys remember, Olympia winner qualifies forever. Top two. The second place was qualified for three years. Oh, really, I didn't know that. Yeah, that was back in the day. You know, so, okay, of course, it's a well over three years, but Kai green is Kai green. I mean, all of us want to see him back to make him, do what? Puerto Rico, not Puerto Rico, Portugal show or what is stampa show? And now, what for? No, I think you're right, but I have one second. Let me ask me a question. Would you give that same right or that same respect to victim Martinez? Oh, hell yes. And yes, listen, listen, over. But I'm here, let me tell you this in the, I just thought to imagine about this. I qualified for Olympia 10 years in the row, about a 2010 house, and I wasn't allowed to complete like medical clearance from my central accent, whatever. The end 2001, I had a shoulder surgery 2002, my knee blew up, and I said 2002, 2003, I wanted to maybe ask for special invitation, because, you know, many people are getting special invitation. So, say maybe 2003, I could. The fucking Sean said to me that he's going to ask for an invitation. So, I didn't ask for invitation, because Sean was going to get that invitation. And now, to first of all, this Martinez won that 2003, that champion's yellow great at that choking, you know, Bell me. So, now, you and I have promoters of the show, and all of us have promoters of the show. And we want to bring more audience, you know, to see the show and more excitement. And it is between Victor and Kai, who would you give a advantage of? We don't do a lot Victor, a lot of his music and everything. I think that Kai has established himself as a better competitor, more consistent at the top of Olympia. So, for that reason, you know, you can have a two invitations, I think that Kai would get seniority. I think we're also debating something that, again, has been debated over the last couple of years, and that's whether or not Kai quote unquote deserves a special invite. We had the same debate about big ramen last year. So, let's just have this conversation under the framework of less as the promoters would, extend a special invite, regardless of whether that's fair or unfair. But the question is, if we're going to see Kai actually come through and compete this year, and for that matter, Phil, Miller, I want to go back to you real quick. Why do you not think that we would see Phil this year? Well, why, okay, listen, and I have a great respect for Phil. He came scaled down version of Phil, he was not competitive, and then really it was questionable if he could have if he should have been a party chupan or chopan, I said, I know what is correct, he pronunciation. But the lesson, so he was slipping already to a fork. For a seven-time Eastern Olympia, just like, okay, Ronnie kept competing and keeps slipping and then Jay did the same thing, and keeps slipping. What good would that do to his career? If he believes he can win, of course, this and then he should come back. He's qualified he could. I just think that he lost that edge. You know, there was, we all talked about it. Dave, who came to Lee, everybody's going to have a great, he had that 3D, something extra, something special to you see him. Even though he was not the widest guy, he's so full, he created that, he loosened crazy arms, crazy back though, vice-insteaded moods, so he had that. He was gone. Even when he lost to Sean Rodney, and some people say, yeah, he was in shape, but he was slightly off. Well, slightly off takes the edge away from Phil. He no longer has a 3D world, I'm Mr. Olympia, you can touch him. So Sean Rodney, he's already now three guys being here with three to seven people. I can't see him coming back. I would love to see as a fan, I would love to see him coming back. And be at his best. I was actually in the interview before the Olympia, if you remember, I was predicted that he's going to come in the old-time best and win. Last year, but he didn't. Lee, pretty senior opinion, Kai Green, Phil Heat, but we see them on season here. If I was the betting man, I'd pick Kai over, feel like Phil's great and it's like, me or I said, he just lost that suddenly, and wherever, you know, physical enough, but the main thing you have to remember is in this sport at so much mental. And I think Kai Green still has that mentality where he can train and want to be the best Phil, like I said, maybe after losing and getting the lower placing, back and sometimes the mess with your mind. And if you, if your mind's not 100%, your body won't be 100%. And you had just seen when Phil came out last year before, Phil, when he walked out on stage, just a champ. He looked like the champion that staged presence like Arnold, your walk on stage, your join-to-one. And some guys, they might not have the best physique, but their stage presence and the positivity they give off, they can win, shows because you're just in awe of him and Phil seemed to be lacking that where when I see Kai, I think he's still as that eye to tiger mentality. And he can put it into his training any stage presence. And like I said, if you don't have it 100%, set up stairs, your body won't be 100% downstairs. And that's where it all comes from. That mind, if they get that mind muscle connection, you've got to have that wheel and stuff. And I just think Phil is somewhere along the way, this is just my opinion, it might not be even true, but I just feel like Phil's just slipped a little bit. And when you're at that level, like me, I said, if you're not 100%, 90%. 90% is still fantastic. But if you're just at one, two% off at that level, it shows big time. Melvin, from a view that you had of this Kai and Phil rivalry, obviously taking ahead in 2014. And then obviously seeing Phil go on to what he is accomplished. And just that specter of mystery with Kai, what would it mean to you to see them back on stage, perhaps on more time? I agree with all the guys. I believe that that would be a crazy battle. I believe that Kai definitely deserves a special end by it. Doesn't matter how people feel about your mad or whatever, but that guy is a different breed. That I see in Kai Green's body, I've competed against him. I've seen him. He hasn't lost the gas. He still has gas in his tank. So if he decides and gets that special end by it comes back, he can win. He's not a joke. He has that three-dimensional look. When he says he's 300 pounds, that boy is 300 pounds. I've seen the guy eat. He deserves it. He still has that fire and I agree with me, Llewish, but he says that when a person gets second and gets second again and then you leave and he's still in his mind, he didn't stop training. So it's still in his mind that's something that he still wants to attain. So I think he deserves an special end by it. It should matter. Give it to him. Because he will bring that entertainment value. People will kind of debilts spend money to see it. And that's that. It shouldn't be talking about it. Let's give him the end by it and see what happens. But Melville's go back to who point those made earlier on. I forget if it was Llewish or Milo's. But if you're a Kai Green, and obviously we talk about the entertainment value that he brings to the stage. And I think the only thing that bodybuilding, the bodybuilding fans really have sourd on him about is the fact that there has been the will he will he not expected that has gone on for the last seven years. But aside from that, I mean, the guy is universally beloved in the bodybuilding world and the unique aspect that he brings to the state. But in your opinion, if you're Kai Green, you're looking at the line-up order with the course of the last couple of years. Are you thinking years up realistically? You know what? I have a shot at one of that Mr. Olympia title. I'm going to, if they was me with my mentality, I'm getting that get it. Because there's a window of opportunity. And that window stays open for only so long. Once that window closes, they move on. Like Milo says said, when you wait too long, you have to know, I remember Milo's told me a long time ago. I don't know Milo's remembers this. And John had told me years before that. But Milo says something to me once he's like, you know what? He goes, you know, when you have the money, get it, when you can get it. You got to know when to say when. When Milo's is training me, you got to know, you know, when I don't forget what much what people tell him. You got to know when to say when, because if you leave, and then you come back, you'll get worse. And guys have tried it. You know, when we were coming through 2000, 2001, 2003, Sean, you know, he, I'm going to go have babies. He knew when to say when, because on that day at the minister of Olympia, me and Dexter was killing him. He knew if you come back, it's over with Kevin LeVron comes back. It's over with. Now, so somebody came back later. The time was past you after that window of opportunity. If you don't have the gas, you don't have the 100% man telling you, you're not training the same. You try to come back. The guys nowadays going to eat you up. I know when to say when I know when to sit down. Let me see. Kai still has it. So he should come back and get it before they closed the window on it. That's just my, you know, he's a friend of mine. So I'm, I would tell him that. Yeah, hey, man, get that money. You can win him and going against Romney. That's what that man, I would be a battle man. Whew, I like to see it because I know what Kai brings to the table along with entertainment. That boy got a body. He has a 3D look. He's full. You know, he has a with taper big legs, big cap. That boy got everything he needs to do it. Now, it's up to you if you smash the gas or not. I just want to throw my two cents in. Yeah. You know, I think it would be a great battle. I mean, as a fan, I'd love to see Randy first Kai and all the other guys. I don't want to discount the other guys too because I think they'll be up there as well. But I think Kai's window to win that Olympia was the year that Rodin was pulled from the Olympia because of the whole accusation and the arrest and Brandon Curry want. That was Kai's Olympia in my mind that he easily could have come in in one that show. Nothing, nothing away from Brandon but Kai's got the legs man and the wheels and I think that would have been his show. I think coming back now against Randy who's who's surging at this point and getting better. I think I think he's going to have a hard time beating him. Yeah, I might have had a hard time, but I think Kai, I don't know if he's still seeing Kai 100-100% with senior 99 but that Chris, for a while, I think even now, like Rami, how that never went for Rami's Mr Olympia, he's huge in that. But Rami had his best in Kai's best. Kai is more complete. He's got that 3D cartoon look. He just flows better whereas Rami's wide. He's got the big body parts. But when you're putting Kai and Rami side by side at their best, I'll give it to Kai because Kai just looks more complete. He's got that 3D look. That's taken up in a way from Rami. You're thinking of Kai greening my side and beating him. How long ago was that? Yeah, but he's in the new pictures, right? Yeah, but the new picture is pretty good. Yeah, looks quite competitive. Yeah, what's good? Kai the whole time he hasn't been competing. Kai hasn't stopped. Even though he hasn't been competing, you look at Kai the last five years off season. He still looks like he's a guy that has been competing. Yeah. It looks better than the guys who are competing. So Kai hasn't turned it down one bit at all. He's not working. He's been competing. So he's been away from the stage, but mentally he hasn't been away from the gym or anything else. He's still a bodybuilder for him. I agree with you that I agree with you Dave that Kai greening had that opportunity when Brandon won. Yeah, for sure. But for him as a competitor, he probably feels that he can beat Rami. And as Lee is saying, look at their pictures of their best. So they're both a mass monster. Kai has proven that he can get in the better condition. He has a thick muscle, but he has a stride as muscle. I remember back in a day when he does this back relax and then it lasts like Dorian, right, glutes, down the feathers on the quads. I mean, we all like these striations that you know, that are particularly dance muscle. Right. And the Kai has it. So Rami is wider. He can exploit that with maybe, but then it's going to still beat. You have to hit the diagonal of ice. So let's let's see the quality. So I think it's going to be a wonderful balance. I think that let's not fight against the better arms. Let's not forget that we almost Kai almost lost the center of the McMillan at the Arnold class again 14. Yeah. Oh, yeah. You see, but he's one of the posing around that's how he wanted it. No, but let's make something clear. You know, because even after the McMillan, McMillan, the McMillan, the McMillan, the McMillan, as his best could be Mr. Olympia. We all agree, right? So it's not like one man show, two men show. Back in the day, in the 90s, there was like 10 men show. I mean, Lee Priest would play 7 and Chris 8 and Ronnie 9 and I would be 10 in the whatever show. You know, it stopped 10, but then in Europe and Europe, there was Chris Toss. Lee would beat you know, guys ahead of him and and Chris and Tom. Because it was the tight show when he's the time guys, somebody has to be first, somebody has to be last. So, magically, Melan narrowly losing to Kai during the Mc's nothing. He just means that he is also great. And Kai looks at his chances and I think he likes his chances. That's why he's coming back. Come on, you know, Aaron Sligerman. You know, as soon as he's signing up, you don't think there was already a talk, amen. I think you look quite good, maybe you can do the Olympia. I'm sure there was some kind of a financial incentive in there. Yeah, you're right. Thank you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So let's wrap it up on this. No, we're going to go around the horn. Let's just say, right again, the picture that we saw last week with Kai at 317 pounds. And let's just say, Kai comes in on. All right. And let's just assume that you're looking at a top five-ish without Kai off of Romney, of Hottechupon, of William Bonnet, Rally Winkler, a King William, somewhere in that combination, we throw in like Ian Valier. If Kai competes, if Kai is on, Melvin will go to you first, where is he placing? And I mean, absolutely on. If Kai comes in absolutely on, he wins the restaurant on there. Lee, please. Oh, great. He comes in on his best ever. He wins because nobody else really is probably to close the second with that thing. It's been free. They look, but nobody else. They're just some people for our district and have that look where he just looked in orange shock and he has that look and if he's 100% on, call it Wings, King Kamali. First or second. Melvin, I'm adding in the politics aspect in there too. Who is this second? King, who is it up to? Don't do it, don't do it. Don't let me know. Get your life down. What? Clarence Bas and, uh, don't pretend. Don't do it. Look at Dave Lappa. You know exactly answer now. No, it's exactly who Clarence Bas is. I am on TV show. No, just for just some sort of answer. The question is, you know, honestly, it will come down to Kai and Rami. But as you guys were just talking right now, I'm sitting there thinking of myself, okay, but both of them are at their best. All you guys are saying, and I agree, it will be the battle in Kai. You're giving Kai the knot, but think of it this way too. I know this is we're trying to wrap this up. We'll do this quick. Front double bicep Kai. Front last spread. I would give it to Rami. Side chest, Rami. Side tricep. It's close. Back double bicep Kai. Back last spread. It's close. Most muscular. I would give it to Rami. So it's not as close as you guys. I mean, it's not as Kai is going to walk away. That's why Rami. Yeah. It's not you guys are not like that. They've got to stay in next to each other at their all-time best and like they said, you got with against compacted mass. So I mean, 3D. It's that they're 3D full. Cat. I don't think it would be an easy win, but I think if it's that judge, I think Kai might just get the knot. If it becomes there, it wouldn't be easy. That's for sure. Wouldn't be an easy walking the pot. No. It would be a great battle. Does Mr. Olivia get the knot though? How he always does if it's close though, you know? That's he's going to have to knock him off. Right. Nobody edges out the Mr. Olivia. Yes, the knocking off. Yeah. So I think Kai can knock him off. It's not going to be easy. It won't be a walk in the park because Rami is no joke at all whatsoever, but neither is Kai. And like I said, I've seen Kai have that 3D mentioned on mature, straighted muscle everywhere to where you I remember we were at in Australia. And like, you know, Milo said earlier, you can flip flop it changes. And we were back there and I tend to go do recon when I go, you know, because I get bored. So I go walk around people's room and get to get a picture and I walk around that curtain. And I see Kai over there by himself. I ran. He got big a said, man, you want to fight that boy. He's a witch. But he's going to go look at me. Man, that's to walk around that corner. He's so shit. I'm not. I guess you want to fight you. He's not. I think that that's going to get that knot from the fact that he comes in 100% off. And it's like, it's like they've said, dude, I look at that recent picture of Ruli. That recent picture of Ruli is legit and not touched up. Had it's really go at his best. He's right in there. He's right in there. He's right in there. Rob Ruli, you know, just about the point in King Olympia could have been his opportunity. Me, your perfect scenario of Kai being coming in. Oh, one word is he place. If he comes down, he wins. If he comes down, he wins. We don't do respect. I love the bigger enemy for many, many years. I was saying that's structured that with X frame. I mean, but then it comes this is silhouette. You know, then you turn the lights on and then you see the quality. More hardness, more dense, straighted beef is on on the kai. You know, this is how I see it. Yeah, I love Kamal is comparisons from Robis and Slicepeden all of a sudden. And you know, it would be great to see it when they go have to head. But you say side chest to Rami, yeah, side because that crazy hamstring lutes and all that stuff. But still upstairs, you have the crazy bison of a bargei and a thick chest and a straighted. I'm not sure who wins that one as well as side triceps. And then Kai is competitive in every single pose. Big Rami doesn't have a strational, most muscular pose. You know, he still left something. Crazy quads in separation, but not feathers like Kai has. And when he's and I'm sure that Kai's going to exploit that. I mean, he if I go against you, King or Ali or Madden, I'm not going to try to fight you in the poses that you know, you smoke me. But on the poses that I know, I can smoke you. I'm going to give it a shout. And I'm going to make sure that everybody saw it. You know, if it's nice, if it's abs, intercostals, whatever. And this is what Kai has experience. Even you have to say that Rami has experience, but not top two Olympia experience like Kai has. So I think if to ask your question, if he comes in his best shape, he wins. Even though the kind of overlooking how the chupan who is phenomenal and he could be in the mix. Because if he comes really improved, don't forget he was straight second from every judge in Saturday, you know, it's either show. So he was not even questionable. He was second better than Brandon and Phil Heath. And that was fresh off a 14 hour flight from. Yeah. Yes. So don't describe the person involved here. He is super dangerous. I mean, King King King, King King, that is that's more than me. Dave, let me take a zoom on this one. I know how this went from whether or not we believe Kai will compete to now essentially with Kai in a way. And the 2021 in Strelimbia in your opinion, Kai, the way you know him, the way you've seen his physique progress. What we saw last week in that progress picture if Kai is on worthy place of the 21 Olympia. I don't believe he's showing up. I just can't take the bait. I hope he proves me wrong. I really do. I can't take that fucking carrot. And answer the damn effort the question. You know what? Look, we're thinking about Kai Green at his best. That was a long time ago. I know he looks amazing in pictures. I'm sure he's going to be in great shape. Structurally as he's going to be as good. Well, that midsection be as taught as it was when he was competing at his best. I don't know. Rami to me is fresh, still looking. I think that I think there's other guys, Heidi Schuppen and Rami. I think, I mean, and um, excuse me, and really, that's very, very dangerous in that line of view too. I think Kai is going to have a tough time. And I think that, you know, he's got, you got to, you can't discount rust. There's rust still. He doesn't have a, he hasn't competed a very long time. There's always rust to shake off when you first get back on stage again. It's, it's, it's hard. It's a hard decision. I can't see. I, I would, Rami would have to be off to lose to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to Kai. I don't think Kai can beat Rami unless Rami is off a little bit. And that, that's how I feel. I think that you got to give them not to the Mr. Olympia. I think Rami is sitting in the driver seat right now. I think Kai missed his opportunity two years ago. But man, I would be so super excited to see Kai back on stage. And that's what it's all about. We talked about the sport. Does never need excitement anymore. Come on, I'll say it when we started. Kai coming back would inject the sport with a freaking adrenaline shot that we haven't seen for 15 years. I agree. It will be exciting. Fans, you let us know what you think comment below whether or not you think Kai would compete at the 2020 when Olympia and if so, becomes in on where you think he will play. So that's going to do for this episode of Iron Debate Special Thanks. Meowo Sarset, King Kamali, Leapree, Melvin Anthony, Tyler Shorten, we great job is always behind the boards Dave Plumbo. For everyone involved, I'm so deep for rookie. We'll see you next time. Thanks, guys. Great show.