Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X-Box, our 30-year-in-a-row, and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry with a low-car caulk tart, we've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to Legendary Foods, muscle in the morning. On day polumbo and today is Thursday, June 24th, 2021, and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. In case you missed it a few days ago, Hasan released a behind-the-scenes clip from his latest check-in. And I think it's safe to say that this is by far the best condition that he's had all year. We've talked a lot about a keen Williams being the favorite heading into this weekend, and rightfully so. What we're seeing from Hasan, however, might not be enough to put his name right there in the conversation, however. He's been knocking at the door all year long, but this look might be the one that finally gets him through. Now people say that you have to fight fire with fire. Well, embody building you have to fight size with size, and from the way it looks, William Morton is ready to go toe-to-toe with a keen and Hasan in the size department this weekend. On Monday, Williams team released their final pre-show updates less than 24 hours after touching down in the Bahamas, where he gave his fans a preview of what he's bringing in for his pro debut. Pound for pound, William might have more muscle than anyone else in the lineup. So the real key for him here will be to make sure he's on point from a conditioning standpoint. When you look at this lineup on paper outside of the top three, it feels like it's completely up for grabs, so it be checks the right boxes. A top five finish feels like a real possibility. And no people say that imitation is the best form of flattery, but here's a word to the wise. You might want to think twice before you think about trying to imitate what's he on Pearson's doing right now. Now that he's only four weeks out from defending his title at the Chicago Pro, one of the most dangerous men in the two 12 division is starting to kick things into overdrive. When you see how focused key on his bench rod is in tire prep, you can't help but think that he's got a huge chip on his shoulder that he's carrying around since last year. I don't think this is much about defending his title as it is about him trying to silence some of the noise he heard from all those internet experts out there who were so vocal with their criticism after he pulled out of the Olympia. So I guess in a sense this isn't really about defense, it's about redemption, which is why his mentality isn't something you can just adopt and imitate. It has to be lived and experienced and that's something only he can do right now. Even though we're only about 10 days away from the Orlando Europa Pro, we really haven't talked about it all that much yet. But when I monowilking lays down the gauntlet and says that she's prepared to go all in that qualifies as worthy of conversation are in. As far as her training is concerned, this might honestly be the hardest that we've ever seen her go during a prep at any point in your career. And in a few sneak peeks that she's given us, you can see that reflected in her physique when I bond is that her best she's one of the best athletes in figure beyond any shadow of it out. So if she makes a strong statement in Orlando, it'll go a long way towards setting the tone for the rest of the season. And that does it to yet another edition of Lusselin the Morning on Day of Above All Reminding News. I'll always be true to your patterns and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Head Concealer.