Oh, I'm back, left.com. We got to back on the road to Professor Nolus and right here. Sorry, folks, you're confessing Nolus. So two parts, two of the cardio confessions. It's great. I got to the gym very late. It's around 9 o'clock right now in my time. I'm here in Houston, Texas. I'd like to get to the gym earlier than this, but it is what it is, and at least I'm here. Today wasn't as bad as yesterday, especially with the eating. I found some motivation and actually some of you all out there helped me find this motivation. I'll tell you how in just a second. But if it wasn't as bad a day, it's just thingly enough. It lost. Two pounds already. I'm sure it's fluid, of course. Between the 70 minutes of cardio and cutting out all the carbs. Actually yesterday, I wasn't able to eat all my meals. Ted has eaten seven meals, and he only got through five of them. I didn't do all my protein shake meals. I think my body, you know, I haven't even had protein tricks at all. Since I stopped my diet since I ended the last contest prep. So starting with, you know, I don't want to give away to me a Ted's tricks, but I'm eating a lot of protein powder right now. Nine scoops in some days. So I don't know, my body's not used to it. You know, it's upsetting my stomach a little bit. So yesterday only got five meals in the seven, and only 150 grams of carbs. So I dropped some fluid, I guess, and I can actually tell a difference. I guess because I'm so, I'm not that far from being in shape shape. So two pounds actually made a visible difference. And today was a pretty good day in the gym. I trained back today. I weighed so not pretty good. I felt good training. Now, I've been a yesterday. And today, I've been kind of experimenting with some new, pretty work out supplements. Unfortunately, I didn't know that I was going to have this one ingredient, but I really like the one three DMEA or DMEA. Yeah. This thing is like a short acting in Fedemy and of sorts. It's in one MR, Jack 3D. Other ones, and I got a lot of samples from people recently. It's said in me different ones of these, and I've been trying out. But when I took today, I didn't like much from back in the, I'm actually in the name. You know, I like the fact of it, but the taste is horrible. It's got a taste like if you're going to drink this every day or regularly. I don't think it's actually a good idea to take it every day. I've taken it the last two days, as I needed the motivation to get in the gym and train, but the day of the one was very against even caffeine. Anything like that, any stimulant. And the one three DMEA is extremely, you know, it kicks caffeine's ass. So since it's not really what he recommends, I really, it's not a lot of people recommend to use every day. I'm sure it raises quarters all levels, but if it's either that or don't come in and get a workout or get a bad workout, I definitely use, or prefer to do that. Especially somebody like me, who's not, I don't really have to be too cute worried about losing a little tiny bit of extra muscle. So I did use it again today, and I'm going to try to keep using it. Some other samples I have to find when I like. Ideally, I would just use it once or twice a week. We're not even that, but anyway, so things are going pretty good today. The diet's been pretty easy. I've been on the limit meals today, I've done four so far. Three left, I got one right when I leave here. But, you know, yesterday I talked about lack of motivation or being. Not as motivated as I was, well, that's kind of test-prep in the beginning. Like I said, it was a little better today. One of the reasons was because some of you guys out there set me some videos. And I was really excited with one of them. I thought it was really cool. And I did, I wanted to have three million views on YouTube. So I know some people had seen it, but I didn't think that many people had seen it. So, I mean, like percentage wise, if you watch this, these are people in our, it's muscle and on the boards, I just didn't know how many people had seen it. So I showed it to Peter I've run. Unfortunately, that's my body. He's already seen it. So he has seen it. So I'm figure maybe a lot of you have already seen it, but I'm so not thrown in here. Because when I watch it, I really, obviously, it really pumped me up. You know, it's like a high school coach talking to a high school football team to get them pumped up before again, but I got to tell you, it was pretty cool. And I appreciate Keith Thomas for sending that to me. He is a guy on the board. And that's his real name. So I won't give out his board name, because he doesn't want that to be given out. But thank you for sending this to me. I hope all you all enjoyed the video. If you're watching this while you're doing cardio, maybe we'll get you pumped up to keep doing it. Maybe go a little harder. I'll move it up a resistance level or in my case a cross ramp and resistance level, my little pre-core here. Anyway, here's the video. Let me know what you think of it. I'll be back in a minute. Today gentlemen, I've been on a coach, you're not a teacher with a real talent. But there's another one that you still don't want to do. That is a mental need to come to that question. Who am I? I am a champion. That's right. You don't remember how long you was getting. I would call for what is not become. If you see what I've given my pre-core, I will believe with other people's help. I will always endeavor to keep on respecting my team. I've trained my mind and my body will fall. Who am I? I'm a champion. I would know that back in my college, you might have spent your week. I will never surrender. Weakens will not be in my heart. I will go to my club and there's also a part of this world. It knows what it's training me. And I will try to explain from that. Who am I? I am a champion. I will crash, go off to the field of battle. And I will move and everything I can do. And I will beat my good bell and get him in the mind of all of us. Don't let Jeff there. I will fight by the way. I will grip the heart from my every step and even bring him on the ground. Because he can not stop him. Who am I? I am a champion. To my side I have promised. Come rest in the business and pick his death. Who is that who I am? Who is that who is here? Never will I let the fall. Never will I let the death. And I will never live in any life. Because our part does not know my heart. Who am I? I am a champion. No one will deny. No one will deny me. And no one will tell me who and what I am. It can be. But leave what's a fight world. It is broken by this new country. It is put me out of the moon. And it will carry me through this battle. Who am I? I am a champion. To defeat, retreat, those are not in my work. I don't understand those definitions. I don't understand what they go wrong. I don't understand what they say. I do understand this. I understand that I understand never surrender. No matter how bad they go. My heart, my mind will carry my body to my limits and be. Who am I? I understand this. The devil will be that devil. Not the world. Not that weak. But right now, right here. And do how to do your whole. Who am I? I understand this. It is put me out of the moon. I will not stop me from fighting because I will not find myself. I will not let my whole planet. I don't know what I am going to do. I will never go wrong. I don't have to give a everything like life. I do it by my mind. I understand this. I understand this. I understand this. I understand this. I understand this. I understand this. I understand this. I understand this. I understand this. I understand this. I understand this. I understand this. I understand this. I understand this. I understand this. Pretty cool, right? If you hadn't seen already, I'm sure you're glad you have seen it. You have seen already. Hopefully you watched it again. Got something out of it. If not, I guess you probably afforded it. I got one other one that everybody seen. If you haven't seen it, you definitely should have seen it. This is a very famous video in one of my favorite movies. I won't watch it anymore. There are so many times. I want to watch people that watch a movie once. If I really like it, I probably will never watch it again. I'm not somebody who watches movies over and over again. The fact that I've seen it braveheart, there's many times I have. I told you how much I liked it. You probably know. They've got sad parts. It's a long movie. If you watch it four or five times, maybe like me, five or six or seven times, you're pretty much done with it. But there's a scene in that. It's very famous. You should probably already know what I'm talking about. William Wallace is lined up his men because riding his horse. He's about to give this a little speech to pump up the men. Here it is. I'm in my countrymen. Here in the fire in security. You've come to fight a free man. And free man, you are. What will you do without freedom? Will you fight? You guess that? No. We will run. We will live. No. Fight in you may die. Run. And you'll live. At least a while. I'm dying in your beds. Many use from now. Would you be willing to train all the days from this day to that? But one chance, just one chance, to come back here and tell our enemies that they may take our lives. But they'll never take. Vote right on! Help! I'm protective! Help! I don't know what to quietly run. I don't know why. I don't put this sticker on. So I'm concerned YouTube won't let me use all that So it might be a short clip, but you get the gist right and you get the feel of it See how much YouTube will let's me put in there without copyright In friction and that's a problem that I've run into a few times. I got a few cardio confessional from the old one But I edited Got up there and everything. I was wondering why there are no views on the thing Turns out if you're Plaining music or any video if it's copyright Copyrighted you get like a little infringement notice and you have to edit it out and sometimes you if it doesn't make any sense if I edit out Some pieces are videos or songs out of the Cardio confessional with the whole thing and ends up not making sense. So I'm just warning you anyway That's it for today. Those are my thoughts This is a number two of two. This is two days in a row. I'm trying to overload you all with having one of these every day I don't know some people want more of them some people don't catch up with the other one So you know until all these Get seen you know, I might take a break for a few days. I am traveling this weekend I will be in Tampa Florida visiting my girlfriend Darial gains and We're going to see help for sister Move into her She's going to school college in Orlando so we're gonna help mom and her sister Move I don't know if I actually do be helping doing the moving, but we'll be up there Being supportive I guess. I don't really know whatever they need me to do. I'll do and I don't get a little extra cardio out of the whole thing But that should be interesting and I'll be eating on the road So I'll get a little practice of what's the come out of the nissime? That's my only trip till the Olympia four weeks from now before weeks from this weekend So I should make a lot of progress by then you guys see me at the Olympia. I'll be very very drawn in and skinny by then I imagine all you guys That's it for today as always visit ironmaaglabs.com You use the discount code rx 2011 for 10% off get some supplements that do really work. Hey You can try what I'm taking right now. This is the deck of draw the one-andrel rx and the e-control And I'll as you know if when I win and I change it when I will a few weeks I'll see how this stuff works. All right. That's it for today over and out