Oh, our ex. On MagLebs.com. We got to back on the road to Professor Nolus and right here. Right here at the Cardi Yoke and Fess in the... For your professional episode number three season two. Anyway, you'll notice something that's different about this one from the other ones. I'm actually doing outside cardio, which I encourage people to do for a change. We're walking. It's not just me. Got Daryl Gaines here. Say hi. Hi. And we're going to talk about a few things. But first off, we're going to talk about the importance of a partner. A partner in the gym and a cardio buddy in this case. She also helped me. We did a legs today, which men's physique legs is... It's a different kind of leg training. She actually trained legs quite a bit harder than I did, right? I did. I trained her for legs. Yeah, I trained... No, you didn't push yourself. You're a partner and a push deal. Yes, that's where you're my partner. Don't make trusty partner. So, what we did, what I did, you know, people asked you still train legs and everybody knows I didn't have the best legs to begin with. So, what I did for legs this time, what I have been doing for legs, it's just been pretty basic. I've been doing leg extensions, lying leg curls, or standing leg curl in this case, and a squat. I've just been going to 315. I believe they're not even on my legs or not big. I'm pretty strong on them. So, I haven't been... I've only going to 315 lately, just really not that much. And, it'd be doing more calves, so the real... I don't... Obviously, you don't want anything too big, and it's funny. They don't want the men's physique guys to have like ginormous calves, which I would love, honestly, I would love to have. But, I'm in no danger of having gin calf, so my... No, I don't think you have to worry about that. So, I'm working on my calves, and that's my main priority, and then doing cardio, like we're doing here today. So, and she also needs calves, but her legs are good. Good, good, you want to show the booty? No, not the booty, the calves. Oh, do you want to show the calves? No, it's not good, not good. Not good. Not good. Not good. Lots of work. Minor lean, all veins on them, but they're not good either. I don't want to show my mouth, they're not good. Don't do it. Okay. People don't want to see it. They probably don't have to show your booty. Anyway, so the importance of a training partner, I think it's actually pretty important. For me, I've been training lately alone. Now, my cardio buddy, that's really what I need, because it's not as important that I push the really heavy weights. I'm able to do that on my own, because I push myself to do the heavy weights. What I need is a cardio buddy, we do it on the cardio, you know, to heads got me doing 70 minutes of cardio as you know. Yes. And that's not experience. Yeah, you did more than 70 minutes. I had a body extirhandic of cardio. So more than anything, that's really what I've needed. And back at home in Houston, I'm in Tampa, by the way, in case you didn't realize this is not used. Is Jay Zamora, who you can, Zambear, I'm sorry, Zamora, I was called Jay Zambear, who is a well-known makeup artist here at the MPC and I at Phoebe, does all the top girls. And lately she's even done some men's physique guys. We think of that, you think I should get makeup done? A little lip gloss. You don't really think that. No, please don't. Yeah, I don't think so. I asked her about doing something with my hair, like putting some color in it. What did you say? No. No, absolutely not. So I'm not approved about it. So I have no options or limited. So no makeup for me, but she has done some guys in makeup. And she does a great job at the girls makeup. I'm not really sure if I can really say what would be good guys makeup. Because I haven't really seen that yet. Well, you know, I think that maybe, if I see it a little bit more, I can't really say for sure if I agree with it or not because I know actors and people who are on stage, you guys, they put on makeup and that's so, that looks so subtle when you're not up close. So it may actually work out. I think it's good makeup for the guys who are men's physique, but actually be at least noticeable when you say. Right. I think if you don't have the right type of person doing it. So Jay, you know, I'm sure she could fix the up to look pretty good on stage. Well, I don't know if I'll be needing her makeup services, but I do like her cardio body services. And it does help me. So, you know, if you are working on your own, you're trying to build muscle. I definitely encourage you to work out part and now if you're doing cardio, I strongly recommend it because you help each other to go to the gym and do it. Like, you know, I'll often call her a slacker or something like that. And then it'll probably like, wow, I'll do it then. And then, then, making me go and staying on the cardio machine as long as I need to. So, I do recommend that now. Let's talk a little bit what I'm doing in Tampa. I came to Tampa specifically to meet your mom and your mom's boyfriend and come to Tampa to help your sister move in. We're trying to really help her move in to college. Yeah, okay. I'm going to just stay here for a minute. What? Give it on. Oh, I want to hear how to stop. We're going to keep moving. People probably can even. Keep keeping your cardio. Got to keep moving. All right. No, because I don't want to. Okay. So, I came and helped your sister move in and met your mom and everything. How do you think it went? Good. My mom loves you. Yeah. I think the whole family loves you. What? You don't want to be close to the thing? I don't like it. I can't even tell what it looks like really because it's so sunny out here. So, I had a good time doing that and campus always fun. Yeah. I mean, we had a lot of fun last night. We got a bottle of wine and my family definitely liked you. I'll buy the picture at the end of the night. Yeah, with me holding, I'll have to throw that in there with me holding your mom up. Yeah. Your mom thought it was neat that I kept it to the top. Yeah, I'm not going to. It was pretty entertained by that. And I am. You're armed. So, let's see, what did I go? Did you want to talk about my diet a little bit? You helped me. Daryl has not just been a cardio buddy and workout buddy, but she's also helped me to stay on my diet. And you cooked all my food a week and I got to get you credit. I often make a burger. I cook potatoes. Yeah, packed everything up. Smack your hand when you tried to go for something. Yeah, I haven't perfect. I'll admit to Tadazari Coach. We haven't been perfect. My mom's been very good. I've been closer to pretty close to perfect. Yeah. Tadazari, I had some sushi on the way here on at the airport. And he didn't approve. No, no. But I'm going to do it. I'm still moving down and weight. My body weight is definitely below her. Although that's not worth focusing on. So, you know, this is really our Tampa update. Doing cardio outside. Get a cardio buddy. And as always, go to ironmaaglabs.com And buy yourself some supplements that really work. Right now, I'm taking decadrol, e-control, and one-endro Rx. Among all the protein supplements and everything else. Also, check out complete protein, which is as new. Rob Demagio's new protein. It's a combination of a whole bunch of different protein sources. I think six different protein sources. So, you get a little of everything. You combine all the different protein sources. You get a higher biological value. And you digest the protein all differently. You know, something to digest it faster. So, you can take it. So, girls can take it. Girls can take it. Girls can take it. Girls can take it. Girls can take it. Good. Look at her. So, check out ironmaaglabs.com. Use a discount code Rx2011. And we're going to get back to our, we got another about 40 minutes of this cardio here. So, guys, have a nice day. Peace out. Peace.