All right, everybody. This is the tour of the new house in Tampa. I mean, Dariel moved in here a week ago and it's the first sunny day. So I'm going to give you a tour of the house. Keep in mind, it's pretty messy. I'm still moving in and this is my dog here. We're seeing, we're seeing say hello to everybody. This is the Ariel's cat, Doke. I believe they're not Doke and Rusty, but become friends. Come on, Rusty. All right, so this is one of the various empty rooms right now. It's just being inhabited by a cat toy or two. I don't know what we're going to do with this room. It could be technically like a formal dining room or something. I'm not sure. Obviously, I can't imagine we'll do that with it. I was thinking like this could be like the pool table room, because I can't imagine we would do another dining room table kind of deal here. So you got this may be the pool table room. And this I think may be the cardio room. I get two pieces of cardio equipment and then put the TV on the wall there. I'm not even sure. So this is the kitchen. It's a kitchen. I can see everybody wants to see what's in the fridge. Only diet food. Ted the diet coach would be happy. There is nothing exciting in here at all. All right, now keep in mind, like I said, just moving in so there's junk everywhere. But this is the living room. Some of the Ariel's trophies. Not, not any for me. Now over here is the living room area. Like I said, we're gonna this will be the where probably the dining room table will be. We have a great porch from the show you in a second. This was from Saturday night. Ted don't get upset from Saturday night. So that was the cheat night. I had a lot of cheat meal. Just a case you're wondering. Now, we have a guest bathroom here. guest bathroom. Some closet. It's not being used yet. Another, this will be a bedroom. A guest bedroom. Now over here is the study. Just only got my computer and the desk that we put to actually dairy up put it together to be on us with you. We're gonna share. I'm gonna get another TV stand from over for over here. And they have a lot of nice windows. I think you can see out the front yard here. They big yard, the backyard is tremendous. A lot of closet space. This is our bedroom. See? Light's in the room here. Anyway, work TVs. I haven't set this up yet. Work closet space. We got, this is really cool. The backyard, you've got a great view. The backyard. We'll see you in the little other bathroom. Now, I'm gonna show you the backyard. The backyard is pretty damn cool. We'll let the dog out here with us. So we're gonna steam, can check out the backyard too. Porners, the end, let's go. Come on, you go, go, go. I'm going too. You can see it doesn't want me to lock them out here. Come on, Rusty. Let's go. Now, this is all the fence stand. We can technically close this off. And you can close all these up and you can keep the air condition in here. And we don't do that. Or we haven't done it yet at least. Now, the backyard is big. I'm really big. Rusty has got a lot of room to play out here. As you can see, we have a very nice pool. It's all fence stand. A lot of pools and plurder are fence still like this. It's to prevent from all the leaves in the bugs. And used to, we never had anything like this. There wasn't all these pools, we're not covered. Actually, there weren't a whole lot of pools in Houston, period. As you can see, the backyard just goes on and on. Now, the fence area out there is also our backyard. And we have the basketball goal back there and everything. But this is fence to the dog. People who had the place where us had a dog too. So this is all fence toff. Now, if you want to go out here with dogs not allowed, because you could run up to the front yard, this is all our yard also back here. And since he's not on the leash, I'm not going to take you out there. But we got a basketball goal. If you wanted to play basketball, we got some chairs over here to sit. And that's pretty much the backyard. Pretty uncool, huh? So this is it. Lots of trees. Lots of place for breast deemed to play. And that is it.