Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Food Expo, there's 30 year in a row, and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry. It's a low-car capped hot tart, we've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love this show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. I'm Dave Palombo, and today is Wednesday, August 26th, 2020, and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Happy Humphrey, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome back to another jam packed edition of Recap Wednesday. Let's jump right into today's show, by taking you to look back at the action from last weekend's world clash pro championships. Where the big headline was, actually call it was sir, showing up and showing out on the way to earning her 20th career win. Second place went to an emerging star in Ashland Brown, who relegated a very good version of Reno Martinez, a third place. Jasmine Gonzalez put together another solid look here, and the judges rewarded her with a fourth place finish. And rounding out the top five was Romina Bassualdo, who looked like she was using this show as a test for whatever's next on her docking. Even the heart of Texas, we also had a big show down in the men's physique division, at the inaugural, Southeastern Texas pro, veteran Daniel Amons, put together the best performance of his career to earn a well deserved win, and an Olympia qualification in spectacular fashion. Ricky Rashad Watson was electric in his pro debut, and his second place effort here was more than enough to capture some people's attention. Third place went to veteran Arias Affea, who also is slowly starting to stack up enough points to earn himself in Olympia nod. Fourth place went to a good but not great version of Anthony Gilch's, and closing at the top five year was Charjo Graham. Any of you who've been saving up your airline miles for a trip to Chicago this summer to see the Chicago pro, now would be a good time to see if you can get a refund on those tickets, because the 2020 Chicago pro is officially moving to Atlanta. Last week, pro League officials announced that the Chicago pro was being moved to Atlanta due to the Illinois State mandated COVID restrictions. One of the really interesting things here is that the show is being held on October 15th through the 17th, which makes it the last chance for athletes to earn an Olympia qualification. With the automatic qualification window being compressed now, I think it sets us up to have a bunch of really deep shows between now and October. Since so many athletes are vying for so few spots, it should automatically boost the level of competition. Get your popcorn ready. These next few weeks are bout to get crazy. The last segment is actually the perfect segue into what we're going to talk about right now. Since there were limited opportunities to qualify for the Olympia between now in the final weekend of October 15th, it looks like the pro League officials are trying to do everything in their power to give athletes the opportunity to compete on the planet Hollywood stage in December. Late last week, they announced that they'd be opening up the qualification window at the Europa Championships in Alicante Spain, which will be held October 11th. For this event only, they're rewarding Olympia qualifications for the top three in the open and two 12 body building, men's physique, classic physique figure and bikini, and fitness women's physique and women's body building the top two in each division will receive an Olympia qualification. With so much on the line here, it almost sets the stage for this show to have a WWE battle royale feel to it. And I think for the fans in athletes, this show could end up being one of the most exciting events of the season. And that does it to yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning on day, Pulumbo, reminding you to always be true to your passions. And make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.