I'm Dave Palombo, founder of Species Nutrition. From my earliest body-building days, I believe in only putting the best in my body. And that lives on. In this Species Nutrition line of products, I put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition products. If you want to be your absolute best, join the evolution. Welcome back to Live with brought to you by Species Nutrition. I'm Dave Palombo, and today's guest is our 2, 2021 IFB Chicago Pro Women's Physique, Pro Champion Pat Goslin. Thank you for joining us. Thank you, Dave. You're always from Montreal, Canada. We should have turned your phone side where we should have fixed up before. Just so we did it the long way. There we go. Okay. Now, I love when I interview people that are not on the map, so to speak. No one was anticipating that they were going to come in here and decisively win the show. To be honest with you, on Heavy Muscle Radio, I actually announced the wrong winner because the NPC News website had it wrong. I'm standing corrected, Pat, you are the champion. I want to give you your credit. You go to the Olympia in October. Tell us about the experience in Chicago. Well, first I'd like to thank you for having me this mistake. If it gives me the opportunity to interview with you. That's right. That's right. No question. That's the truth. That's the truth. That's the truth. That's the truth. No question. That's the truth. That's the truth. That's the truth. That's the truth. It's been very, very fast after the win. Everybody's just come back to me and it's just, I'm leaving the dream right now. So, yes. I tell people all the time and I say it over and over and over and over and some people listen some people don't condition in win shows and you came into this show. I could see it on your face. I could still see it on your face. Your face is sucked out. Your cheekbones are sticking out. I know you suffered to get into the condition that you brought to the stage and you re-rooted with a win here and that's the bottom line. No one expected you to come in this good. When you were dieting for this show, why did you pick Chicago? Well, I'm from Canada. It wasn't. At first I thought about doing Toronto Pro because I like to support the scene in Canada also and because in 2019 I placed seconds so I wanted to go there and get the win. But it got us prone and so I started prepping for the season, not specifically for one show but Chicago Pro I did, Tampa I did in 2019. So I knew they were super big lineups and I like big shows. I like the lineup. I don't want to go for an easy win. I'm not saying there is any easy win but I like the competition. And so Chicago and Tampa seems like a good way to go because it had two weeks in between the shows and it was easy. When I came into the US I didn't know when I would return after. I signed one from track to the time and it was Chicago then. I plan to do Tampa but not this time. You don't need to write. You got the win. Now, what an interesting fact that I didn't know prior to the show to the told me was that you never had one show prior to the show. That is an amateur. None is a pro. You turn pro with the 2016 North American you play second in your class. How did it feel to finally say, hey you got the win? Well you know what? It's my dream. Most competitor their dream is to go to the Olympia and I understand that in a respect that my dream was to win a show. So my dream is complete. I feel for field as a match. So moving forward, it's just like extra bonus floppy cherry on top. So I'm just super happy. I feel with this prep. I basically made my dream come true. It wasn't like you were placing tenth in London. You had a lot of second places in there. You were right there knocking on the door so to speak and you just didn't get the win. You picked a good show to get a pro win at because now you're not going to win. You're not going to be Olympia. You're going to be stepping on stage with some of the best of the best. How do you feel you'll stack up against some of those girls there? Well I think I have something. I mean I think every competitor has something special to bring. And I think I have a fairly good conditioning like you mentioned. So and I've worked on my proportion. I think I can bring my very best and we'll just see how it plays out you know with. All the best but I'm here for depends. I'm here for myself or my family. Everybody who supported me so I walk in as you know a winner already. It doesn't matter to the place and from yet all at all. And you know you did it right in 2016 when you turned pro you were 125 pounds on stage. I believe now you know 135 pounds now you came in to the Chicago pro at 145 which was a nice slow. You know adding of muscle to your body in the right proportion. And I think too many people try to add muscle to fast especially the women and they won't have it doesn't it doesn't look good it doesn't flow well on their bodies or they just come in and they're just batter or you know and you did it right. And I can see a steady progression when I went back and looked at some of your pictures of what you achieved from 16 all the way up to the present. I will pass them the compliment to all my coaches. Because I don't think I have anything to do with that. I think I've just had so many you put over mentors. I think I just was at the right right right place right time with the great people to really gun me into it. I mean you had stride a glutes. I mean you had everything that you needed to bring to the stage. And so you really left no stone on turn to go back to the old. The only thing you have control over is conditioning, presentation and tan and you now will breed those you know better than I've ever seen. And I'm looking at some of these comparison shots I guess at eight weeks out in 19 versus eight weeks out in 21 and man what a difference your body made man. What do you what do you can what do you attribute that to was it the training you were doing the diet you switched to I mean what why do you think you made such good improvements from 19 to 21. Well I think of course the coaching I'm coach by Shelby Starn is really really good at was what he's doing. I think because I've been with him for over three years now and working up season two with my coach and I always take on my diet. I mean if you see some fat on me it's omega tree. I mean I don't think I don't do sugar. I don't. So I might be fat but it's all good fat. So I think you know just really doing a good up season give it your best all the time and but yeah I think working smart is the key and consistency. Well everybody says the same thing they've you know that it's we're all the same. So the reason is that's the answer there's no special reason but sometimes you know people we'll discover things about themselves that they were doing wrong and then they'll correct it and we'll see a big difference from one year to the next and that's I was wondering that happened with you you're saying it's just was you consistently and we'll prove them I know I never do cards. I think I had maybe 400 grams of card for the entire prep. I think it's like a six month and I feel very good on the cards. So for me it wasn't a struggle so yes I mean it's always difficult to bring that kind of conditioning of course but I think you know since I feel good on no cards maybe less the struggles for me. Yeah I like I do a lot of no cards with women as well but I think that you guys respond really well to you at 14 years old so our picture led the Murray and that's really what inspired you to want to be a bodybuilder. Did your parents understand the bodybuilding or was that did everyone think you were crazy? I'm sorry I did you understand that question. When you were 14 and you saw that picture of Lenin Murray you told me about before the show and you decided hey I want to be a bodybuilder. Did your family understand about this so did they think you were like Hucu you know? No I think I always had great support for my family. They always you know said you are perfect right now you don't have to need anymore I need to add anymore but then I go my way I add 10 pounds and then they're like you are perfect right now so I was always perfect right on spot for them so they never kind of really now they look back and they're like wow what a progression but no I I'm blessed I have great great people around me. Alright well you're going to be on the Olympia stage in October now with the Yuko Shelby and hopefully we'll see a top six placing is I'm assuming that you're a goal correct? I think you know a good prediction. I think you have the tool set to do it and I think that you have the mental fortitude to do it what's the game plan at this point? Well with the feedback we add from the judges and it's pretty much always the same as for us peaking I'm always better on the night show than I am on the the pre judging so I think we're going to go and do it backwards and making sure that I bring you know the the crispy on the pre judging and keep getting better because I think I was I was looking better fuller on the on the night show and then then even the morning after was just even better so we we're just going to play with the time and clockwise. Yeah sometimes you know sometimes you hydration will flatten you out a little bit but you know what I always tell people because people always send me pictures the day after the show and they're like look how good I eat all night. I see you'll be having nothing to be nervous about you have no stretch of no anxiety you slept well last night. You know the game day is a different is a different beast because there's a lot of pressure on the day of the show there's a lot going on between tanning and getting up and eating and you know when you get to go home and just eat whatever you want wake up the next morning I mean that's not a good true representation of what you know went on the day before and you can never duplicate that there's no way you can be that relaxed you know when you get again on a pro shit a pro stage or the Olympia stage it doesn't happen so there's always got to be you know I guess some kind of compromise made is really what it amounts to. I like it I take all the information coming from you from your show from as Dave so yeah I'm taking notes there you go stupid I'm thinking notes sorry about the mix up on heavy muscle radio but you are the winner at the Chicago for Women's Music you go into the Olympia that's the luck. Thank you very much Dave. I appreciate you guys that's going to take us to the end of another episode of live with I'm Dave Alonba with Pat Goslin we'll see you next time.