10th and 9th You must and I will repeat! There ready for two guys who can't handle the truth The truth you can't handle the true board we can be Lomble! Chris Asito! Our Exfossil.com presents every muscle Leave your watch out Welcome to another episode of Heavy Muscle Radio. I'm Dave Palumbo And I'm joined as always Live a technician Chris Asito On this August 24th, 2020 evening in Chris We got a lot of bodybuilding shows coming up I can't believe but I'm actually saying that You know it seems like each show is got It's a little personality one show they got to wear masks Then actually they don't have to wear masks One show they got to you know The 100th year apart Another show they're all together There's no there's no rhyme they're racing you What's the scolabot for the next big new year in Tampa? I know I'm saying that they had a bunch of shows I helped a bunch of people I'm probably did two this past week And on the amateur level they had a lot of shows I don't know how to show I didn't know how to show I mean but because I'm quarantine But self quarantine That is but melancholy I just don't want to go I don't want to go around anywhere This is my way to so long I don't have to You know what I mean If I if there was a need to do it I probably would help But there's no reason to put myself My family at risk is a point And would you go to a show? I mean at this point I'm starting to venture on a little bit more Yeah Yeah I'll go to a show I mean Are you going to go to New York pro? I may go You may get well You've got an airplane you've got a drive I may take errands you have plane Sorry No I may drive I may drive It's 20 hours Two Yeah You like it? I think the Mercedes The classic Mercedes I don't know how to take the Q What do I have an XQ QxAini? I don't even know how to take it I don't even know how to take it I don't even know how to take it I get 50 seconds of the appie I have the coffee holders And I need the jugs I don't know how to take it How do you stay away? Oh, I'll just take like Caffeine up the gang gang Instead of having to go on the bathroom So I'll have to take like jugs So you don't have to go to the rest stops Yeah I don't like to go to the rest stops Anyway You know The 20 hours down there won't be so bad It's the 20 hours back But see you would like to be like a vacation That's right I was going to stay away from the kids Come on You'll be in the house I'm going to be in the home I'm going to be in the home I'm going to text I mean text in the whole time Like that You better learn the voice text I want I want to text I want to text it with my blackberry From Portland main To the Hartford Pro show They had down there And if I text the whole way It felt like I was in the car for like nine minutes Yeah But you don't have to find anything The blackberry was easy to text on It was You didn't have to really even see the screen Because you could feel the keys Yeah You can't feel the keys on any of these new phones That's why when people used to make fun of me Including you You'd say you got to get a iPhone I said my fingers I can text so That's my father's That's my father's That's my father's My father's Excuse me We never get a We never stopped typing on a real type It was Yes My touch It's too powerful He said I have a powerful touch I had these other Keep more to too fast I can't type on him I think that he's going to use the I said Yeah Now people want to text me on the What I'm saying Because I just thought Yeah You had probably the worst text Or at both times Yeah Most likely I would think that you don't speak English as a first language When I get your text to believe you I know what we were saying I need a source To dissect what I write To that No because you don't use You're like you know how Like George Faris speaks that say you write You don't have any You don't use any propositions to connect anything Yeah But other I go I go now to Comedicate I see you soon I see soon You know Today Well there was a big post Bill Pearl put up a big post I don't know if you saw this Bill Pearl Bill Pearl Bill Pearl has a Facebook The Bigs the Bill Pearl Excuse me So obviously Bill I mean this is sounds insane He's alive I would think stuff I can confuse Then how old is it? Red spark maybe you can view something No I can confuse with the first Mr. Olivia I can't Oh Larry Scott Larry Scott Well Bill Pearl Posted this thing on his Facebook About the Chris Dickerson As you remember Chris suffered a heart attack Did you remember he fell Yeah Bill Bill Pearl And Chris Dickerson worked Extremely tight Right Well Chris Dickerson fell in March Fraction is hip After the surgery To fix the hip He had a mass of heart attack He put him on a ventilator And then he I guess he went to Some kind of a Well he had to get a pacemaker Put it to Because I guess something I don't know if he had some damage to his heart From the Carrier Carrest But he Then we went to like a Carre facility kind of like what happened The Bob Brushaker And he got COVID Did you know that? I did not know that So I mean that's how Bob Brushkin died Really I know that And we talked about When I was a kid Bob Brushkin used to tell me a pandemic Is coming Yeah Yeah He used to be scared Because he probably knew we had a Premonition So he So anyway So Chris is evidently recovered So he's His and his birth day Is August 25th So it's going to be 81 years old So we can wish him a happy birth day Chris Dickerson Did I ever tell you Day of a little science For Bob Brushkin Almost eaten pork What happened? No, Oh, because he was he I coached Yeah, it was coached He was flying back To Indiana He went to Undergraded Indiana from New York And he was in like a Like a small plane So it wasn't like Aaron's playing And they had Huckdogs And he was starving And he thought I'm going to I'm going to have a Huckdog And he said maybe I shouldn't Oh, I'm going to be like a killbasa No, he knew it No, he knew it was pork And he used to Well, you know, maybe he He'll be okay And the lady gave a hotdog And he hit turbulence And the hotdog Flue right out of his hand Right out Yeah Yeah Fifty It hit the You know, we We let the air come in The air conditions Right And flew out of his hands And he said, well, maybe I shouldn't eat that hotdog Anyway, I thought Covent, yes And so he was Bob was also Fairful of pandemics So Bill Porron I mean, Chris Dickerson Who is our 1982 Mr. Murphy? He knows For those people don't remember that He, he, he looks like he He's out of the woods there, I think So that was one of the few Olympias I believe day They had that we had 2019-1817 score So I don't remember what we were going to do Ben, you can ask, who's the historian? John Hansen John Hansen Ben wanted to make it more like the Olympics So if you want to Let's say Fill Heath in first place Instead of giving him a one Right And we can give him a 20 And if you had like Sean And second place instead of giving him a two He could give like a 19 But it could be It could be You got so confusing Especially in private Because most of the judges They can't do math Well, they had to add all these 20s and 19s I don't know A lot of the dance mathematics They threw it out after that I'm sure Don't fix it If it's not broke That's the bottom line I would say But Anyway, if you want to contact Chris Dickerson And send them well wishes on first birthday You got to do it like you do I do it like you grandfather You got to send them in the center of the car You got to write it by hand I don't know if anyone has it Or write it anymore these days But you can send it to Chris Dickerson Manor Pines And at 1701 North East 26th Street Room 367 Willton Manor Florida 33305 And that's on the bill Pearl Facebook page You can check that out So Guys, if you want to send some well Worse is out there And that would be cool I'm sure he would greatly appreciate that He was a great Mr. Let me be a good great ambassador to our sport And I'm glad that he stole Life Just shows you how resilient the bodybuilders are It's Yeah, he's he's he's he's I'm dead I'm just speechless that they'll Proza live You know Bill Pearl I apologize Bill I just I mean he's he was old When I met him in 87 You know who's also who's birthday it is on Tuesday August 25th Who? The installer is going to be a 64 years old Very young, looking 64 Yeah That's absolutely Can you believe it? 64 years old It's crazy right? Yeah Good good Well He's time to win We're all getting old I guess that's really the bottom one Right? Well, yeah It's true I I'd love to see Vince make it come back I'd be so great I'm sure he looks I'm very sure great shoulders are No, I'm sorry now in caps He even like great Vince I guarantee if you may come back now Let me see I got another person who also is There's Vince Now the person who told me this Who do you think told me to Vince tell us 60 foot perth It wasn't me I can't take credit for it John Hansen No, are good trying to r auf What, what's your, I'll r auf the photographer No Rough, don't Ralph to Rally Your buddy used to work at the Pembroke pine's gold Oh yeah yeah yeah Yeah He's he's 54 same birth Crazy So he's 54 Vince's 64 So all these people So all these people both on the same day pretty cool Right there. What's the zodiac sign this bump? I don't even know I don't usually fall that but it's also Just to change his birthday in August. Well you weren't what wait was his birthday? I think it's like sometime August 8 to 17 somewhere that I think I'm the only person doesn't wish I'm happy birthday No, you don't have to because you're that tight I don't wish I I'm terrible birthday unless it pops up on my timeline Yeah, I don't even remember you're birthday you remember mine. I don't remember yours I don't know probably somebody tells me if they'd say hey I still I still have to like yeah, I still have to like double check on my kids birthday It's like when I go somewhere they say okay, I date a bar at some like oh gosh Here we go. J1 j was like 274 in 2004 Olympia. I correlated with like Jay's shows So also you know you're off was born this day rich piano You know you're sitting right inside died on the 25th of August So We have to give him a Two years now or so or I think it's been food. Yeah, I don't even know what was a cause Now there's no cause of death Well this is cause we just don't know it yeah, there's rich and durian There was a rich we competed I miss rich. I really I really liked him a lot of get a lot. I didn't hang out with very like that But you know we talked to on occasion I interviewed him. I just I liked him a 30 I liked this break Maybe seven stuff if it was a little attractive but self-destructive but you know I liked the fact that he was able to innovate all this stuff himself all this stuff that was all the slogans and t-shirts and You know all the stuff you do with YouTube everyone copies what he does now You was he was really a pioneer in this episode People don't realize he edited his own video Did you know that? He would shoot all this video during the day they have all this video and then he'd go back to his room at night At these ex-bos or go back to his house and he would edit like like for hours and I believe I know I'm an editor too. You know, so It doesn't take three seconds like black when he's to be when I used to work for black men He would be like We would she we would be to show right Chris for like what hours now was like Eight ten hours 12 hours to the day back we literally walk out the door back when the video going up I'm like First of all it takes like at that time It was probably took an hour to download the video alone to the computer then you had it render it you had a you know Yeah, I mean it was like it it was a long process, you know, and that was sometimes I was doing something to build concept I was doing it I'm like Steve you think we think we can maybe get some of the eat first before we before I just spent 12 hours at a body Get just put it up just put it up. I'm like Steve it doesn't go it's like a Zillian megabyte you're gigabyte You don't push your button and it's up there just put it up don't even added it just put it up like But I Oh my god, these people are so close Did you you saw the article I sent you right that they fired the packer? Ignuse yeah, I think news been there a long time Yeah, no more catching kills no more you know, it's it's funny that he had you know when you said that Dave I was I was wanting to Like throw him under the bus Because you know a bitter that he kicked a road now and we let me I like them within 35 seconds of finding out that you know Robins supposedly break this bank robber And so I was trying to be critical, but you know, he did a pretty good job with the Olympian I mean when all said I think I'm money they raised the money then You know at the end of the day he raised the money and and If nothing else You know that was something great For the for the bodybuilders, you know, were the other classes too I mean I don't think he was you know the disconnect goes like you know the speeches of like Of him and rarer our for bodybuilding they felt so like Like created you know like like like he was reading a script because how could he have like this Passion for bodybuilding When you've never been around to their in it or you know, it's not like I think you like the belt Yeah, I mean he he may like it look he inherited a mass over there and It got messier messier the whole am i you know thing and you know, it was then the man then magazines It matter anymore and I mean what it's like it's like you're steering the Titanic You know as as Ramon puts that Dad to the bottom notion If you're you're magazine if you're running a magazine you know Franchise so to speak you know it's not a good it's not a good business to be and into the smart No one reads you know The only equivalent is When he bought the magazines at the absolute highest price ever right Because that's the only reason Joe sold them it's like I told you about the real estate guy before we came on the year the only What reason this guy I know Just sold this you know building that just so spectacular I'm like why why? Why simply so really when someone gives you a gigantic jack? You can't say you can't say no. Yeah, so that's where that's saying You know I got no further was too big to refuse There was yeah, you know the same thing I have snake you I have snakes first that I you know what you like I don't want to sell but people have made me offers I couldn't refuse and I said what if the snake dies tomorrow What am I crap like I take $10,000 for a snake or something like that? No, so the point is him buying the magazines is like Someone going out and buying a 60 unit apartment building and then within three years coats as you know You just can't rent these anymore right just pack them up. Yeah, so you know Nobody's gonna read anymore the difference is though that the land that the building is built was promised And we're still working on it just they're they're real estate there is worth nothing, you know So thank you know we're lucky we're lucky lucky that so what would it happen if they were to kind of Business who what would it happen to the Olympic what does auction? May well Dave maybe Maybe maybe maybe he knew the writing was on the wall and Said thought you know let me get out of it. Yeah, tell me did you know to your riddle that'll let me when they did Yeah, I forgot it so can you imagine now If Jake would did not buy it and here we are an able in the show. I mean here we are in September or the show They would he cancel the M.I. would he cancel the one with COVID going on everything is you know But thanks on he was doing it so I think you know it will come back maybe next year into it maybe yeah, maybe So it was a good I mean it was a good for them to sell it at that time It was thank God it was good for body building the Jake board when he did however I bet you if Jake would have waited or buy you a lot cheaper But Is what it is Time I'm glad to get one piece of happiness. You know I I don't know if I sheven show the picture I have getting on the show your boy there My oligarch me I'll smile like come on he's gonna smile the whole time. Yeah, you know he's he's staying with a friend of his in the UK I guess for a couple weeks and then he's going to Turkey and staying there for two weeks so because from Turkey to the United States You can fly no problem you can't fly from the to the UK to the United States so He's doing that and I think he's gonna hang out in the US probably for a few weeks before the Olympia or for a few months I should say right you know you wear that. Yeah, I just found out the other day You know I only found out in the context of See staying in your apartment building So somebody said You know come on you might want to think about Coming now because what what if just the one if well we said that we've been speculating that for weeks Why didn't these guys just come here? What if England goes nuts for COVID? Yeah, you know They won't let anyone out So anyway, I'm getting them on the show. I'm interviewing them this week And the picture I saw them I don't I'm sure you saw the same picture It's like a hands on hips oh you look sick fill he He looks and know I couldn't believe how big he was what what then I happened to him. He's enormous Should I show the picture? I don't know I get a picture Let me see if I can get the picture I'm gonna you know put up on again. I'm going to say a told you it looks like Phil How did he get so big? What's he been doing? I'm you the guy's what 49 years old brother. I can't tell famous protocol Seriously though. I can't believe how big he is he just um You know I think what happens Dave honestly is Well, I'll give you this in my opinion is with come all you know he he He want me live here and it And he always had ultimate confidence no arrogance but confidence you know in his abilities to be competitive to win it even when he was third when when flex Wanted I saw pictures the other day Dave with him in flex. It was pretty darn close that year Yeah, they just Had them like 90 like they had them more than they would social distance them on stage He never got next to you know they'd spread them out so to speak Because he's he does not have weaknesses so that Perseye so he looks better on stage and he really has any help. I think what he'd be limpia I think that it I think It's something in him where he wants to come back to show people that He is To 12 Mr. Olympia and he likes you should ask him he likes the idea Of succeeding somebody who won so many times you know, I mean it there's something important to him I think a lot of people thought he was going to be a one-hit one-hit one-hit one-hit one-hit and And I think they're going to be surprised when they you know If you can ever find that picture and both it. I think that'd be surprised I'm working. I'll keep talking as as thickness So I mean he's fit he's a deckster. He's 50 or 49 and one of the two he's got to be close to 50 right? Yeah, we went to we went with him. You know we went to Qatar for two or three weeks My family and his family and They when somebody trains I've never seen anyone ever Below up in a training session like he'd like if he does show theirs they get three times bigger And if he gets if he does pecks the pecks get like this Right, but you know when people go like oh I got a really good pump He's he's a genetic friend. Yeah. Oh pump up like he'd do like You know back and you say any back looks good. So I'm gonna just a back and it'd be in a tank top and Be pumping pump and pump you know training training training He just explode That's just genetics. I mean First of all anyone who can hook and hook and be that good at that You know late of an age, you know that's genetics too because you know Most people fall apart That's the one you're either Ask him same thing. It's like Dexter any injuries no ever never ever Well, I think my elbow hurt me for like you know who do you know my heart might can 7 it was There it is It's pretty impressive for a 312 guy He looks massive he looks like doring that yeah, he looks crazy How the legs Yeah, he always a good legs He has no wish him with legs his legs a round for his body and then deeply separated And he gets paper thin skin. I'm I'm really impressed in that picture I'm glad that he's smart enough to get to the United States early Yeah, that would have been like we're seeing a stay He hasn't Contacted you in that sense He should hide up there and may that would be perfect place to hide And his healthy by brings all family to Oh Never know a little ever to quote yeah, never know a little No All right, what else do I have to report I get a lot of news Okay, what's your next topic? I don't know I'm looking He can't solve the report of the I know that I wanted to So dance Solomon Yeah, Dan was posted something on the Olympia I'll see that I guess they got a you know shack heel on Neil is going to be the ambassador this year like Jay was last year And I think it's because I think they got him through rock chibaz you know rock chibaz It was a good pro body bullet is on right he trains shack I think it's land through there So they said I got the shack like spotted when he was at the Olympia last year and he They're gonna make him the mess so I guess Dan is doing some kind of like a Olympia talk with Shaquille and Neil and Monday night They should be if they should get baby gold bomb too You know a shack and doors is everything just Google look the stuff that shack and door Yeah, do you know how You know how they this will works Yeah, he's like the George form in the modern year, right? Yeah, he and door I'm surprised he didn't grill I'm surprised he should take over the George form and grow this should have the shack grill He just Google they put all the products that he endorsed he he's very wealthy, you know he owns a lot of businesses He's a very good business guy He's probably more people think he film is a great desk, but he was probably more successful as a business man Oh, sure I was watching some program on him. They but they were saying over businesses he owned Yeah, and he's all over the place it's funny because I saw a we used to watch you ever watch that show tanked When they build fish tanks, yes, they built him attack. You see that tanked they built them They're crazy for a stack yeah, they built them a great fish I didn't know he was all into a aquarium fish, you know like I was there's your connection once you're dead Yeah, you know I'm setting up another fish tank. I told you that right yeah, yeah, so I have this channel called muscle fish on YouTube and I haven't posted a video on four years I posted my first video because I'm starting to like put together the ingredients for this new fish tanks I kind of teach people I'm I'm back, you know, at least you have all these monster fish tanks in New York and some I'm building this new tank and so I put up with I put up another video I actually have I have like 18,000 subscribers on that channel I don't even do anything with it, but people like to it's a timeless thing because you go watch fish tank videos Doesn't have to be from yesterday. You know it doesn't matter that actually these things up four years ago People on the street at fish so Now and I told you I told Chris I was camera we we bought a the property across the street for us by my mother and I was gonna do live in there and it came up for sale, but they have this crazy coin pond In there which I'll show everyone it when I'll do a tour of the property when we finally take it over next month and So now these coil like giant Chris so I have I now I got my monster fish back. I didn't have to even get a fish tank so And on the property that they have an outdoor like self it's like a pond it's like a runoff pond You've seen things they dig these things so that like you know float There's an out there's a baby alligator living in it Chris the thing is like Wait to get that property day to be out here. No, but you but it's today, you know it's this big it's not gonna It's a small alligator, but you know they can they make grow and they you know it's taped out this like little pond So now I'm we're concerned because you know we get obviously the kids and stuff like that Get me my this alligator when it gets bigger so now we have to get rid of the alligator But you can't call fake Florida fish from wildlife they won't come unless the things over like four feet Yeah, they get calls all day long so right the calls are they like so they're gonna basically tell you go you know We don't care so now I had my idea was to get in a little robot Chris and Don't with it with a big net and go out there and try to net the thing myself Now obviously we would have to videotapeness right? I'm gonna say put that and then it's like all video tape. Don't worry about it No, here's another and another angle to visit the equation you know you know who Denise Missino is right Dr. Denise Just moved back Denise was used to live in Fort Myers, but she had because out in California Our husband was working for E.N. entertainment there is a video editor shoot video in that is the so they moved back just recently to to Fort Myers So and you know Amanda how we're close and obviously I know Denise really well So I got to get Denise's husband Greg to come and and filmed the Epic adventure of the Dave removing the baby alligator from the text of the property cross street Probably the biggest video game it might be right biggest video of all time Especially like a her or if I fall to what Fall to the water Amanda's like what are your phone the one I'm gonna The alligator's a foot long and what are you gonna do to me? Take a toe off no it's not gonna it'll probably run that's the worst part of being that I'll be soaking wet you know You know nothing's going off if I see you're defibrillators gonna go off First of all I'm not really afraid of like Alligators and stuff like that that are that small like if there was a big one in there I would be scared out of my mind of course, yeah, but You know Well we went you sent us I know you didn't send us it reminds you the scene from jars remember You remember draws? Moopy Yeah, you know you the gentleman if you're asking that story Amanda so Quint is the guy you know they hired the old guy to hunt the shark right and Richard drive his place is like marine biologist and just and he's like He's like he brings the shark cage with them on the boat they're gonna go hunt this fish right I think we go hunt the shark and and Brody's and and Quint is like who plays by Robert Shaw who actually won the Academy award for this Part of these like what are you gonna do with that cage? Mate He's like I'm gonna put it in the water. I'm gonna go in the water with the fish because you're gonna go in the water with the fish he's like Shocks in the water You're in the water Chockies the you That's the thing you know, you know like you're gonna be a history there But that's a reminds of you know But the alligator's not that big but it's still the whole idea of having it Having to get an alligator out of your own part, you know, it's kind of fun in the sense And I gotta get Amanda because I want to do I want to put fish in the pond. I want to I want to stock the pond with some fish Obviously if that baby little alligator's there mommy alligator or daddy alligator is probably Careful hiding or yeah Somebody nearby Now I'm probably not because you know that did behind my house, you know I have that big gators slew is called That's where the alligators are in there So what happens is I think when they when they get a little old enough They'll they'll come out of the water and they'll go look for the wrong little ponds to hang at it so they can have to Throw in so much that they try to get the leave home and have their own apartment, you know That's the I was telling them that's good seeing tell me about your chocolate venture My wife when I'm canoeing or Kasi kayak in last year and getting argument with me all the sun She declared that there were great white sharks in Maine and Supposedly does not man a big fight about it and she saw plenty of seals So she said where the food is there's shark so a lady this summer not performance Was vacationing from the York City swimming and she got eaten In full by a great white shark wow and so lately We've you know there's been these shark sighting so today we went I said let's do something get other house Took everyone out we went to this place called the lobster shack and it's outdoor picnic tables right on the rocks and I'm sitting there eat my food and sure enough Right by I went nuts. I was so excited Because I've never seen it you know shark in the wild because we always joke about it Right, but you see that you know that water break Then the fin right come out skis even if I'm landing you scare Workside it I was more excited than skated I was It was a boat near that's how I saw it I saw a nice little sailboat name I wanted to start to talk about sailing yeah Couldn't get the S out of my voice Adam I'm on my mouth before you just have a shark yeah It was exciting And I That was it the last try I mean kidding come back up or she didn't come back up The whole newspaper flavors I wonder I work you know probably tell Tabi tag I won't probably was my Luz amount of zaccia right now. Hey be careful. Yeah, it's great scene. They made Play a YouTube license. What make Nick Trajilly Is Nick did Nick says he called you and trying to get it back or something try to find out what is that That movie looks like shot and kept she jars were shot was a shot and kept on I think what it's what that's what the fake place that's the great white love keep God Yeah, I'm sure I think they go all the it's amazing they travel all the globe these sharks The ones in Australia seems to be much more aggressive though Yeah Because they get the seals there they go to that seal island and they eat the seals I mean if I'm sure you did you watch shark week? I've seen it yeah, I love shark. I love shark It's great. I was obsessed with sharks when I was a kid I know my parents actually took me to see jaws when I was a kid and I was probably was only like eight years seven right years old I was every line I was you know because you couldn't because you only saw it once it wasn't like you can watch you on the end I'm you know on I don't know when the shark would keep with the shark hit he's the bottom of the boat I think you remember they were they were they were like drinking and eating and Talked home stories and all of a sudden the shark left my father's and we they looked around I would just appear I was on the seat you know It's so scared I play shark with my kids in pool I'm like shark is coming the shark they run they scream Sun just like play the shark he's like do the shark Yeah, just kidding you're talking to the pool do the shark do the shark I've been playing it for now. You tell them Yeah, we'll be out. There's no level of exhaustion that you can put my kids through that I exhaust way before they do well. Dave listen the crazy thing is my kids when they were young You still love the pool okay back in the pool pool pool pool now it's like do you ever pull We had a pool quite an incredible and then we we When we used to go down to Miami a lot when they were little right and then The whole day they'd be in the pool a whole day now you go down to Miami you want to go to the pool now Want to go sit in the other pool now They don't want to do anything the kids yeah, they're they're this one there No fun in the pool no so there was a pro show Do you see that Pull the scorecard yeah High technology nothing that you'd be interested Pro bikini Ashley Kongwasser I think she's the winningest bikini pro now all time she's one three Olympias But she has 20 it's 20 pro wins Dave I hope you think I hope people leave me when you said the bikini show I said who won Ashley It's gonna be sarcastic. It's an nobody's amazing that she has that she's been around for so She was you know she won her Olympias when she was really young That's why and now she's still going to try to regain that Olympic right I don't know if she ever will but she's cleaning up she wins all these shows That took place at the clash Oh, this is Mel's show The clash pro championships and the NPC Mel chancey harbor classic Did know it cool I didn't have pro bikini So that was the show we can I know because Dan Solomon it had text me and said are you going to the show this weekend? And I said Mel says yeah, he's like I'm gonna be down there said nah Yeah, I'm like that one Okay, so I saw that Jimmy met us at post of the picture with him and Dan and Hangin out there on the arts It looked like everyone was pretty close together. I didn't see any social distancing or masks going on That's why I didn't go because I wouldn't got sucked into that you know Yeah I would have you know I would have started that would have been asked And then the mayor would have been nothing people would have been You know you see now or I've been noticed today. I noticed that the rocks are the beach masks Then oh the rocks are wearing masks that's it Well the rocks that rocks that the beach people would throw you know when they'd done with the mask or whatever Did they roll over the place? Oh, they are I'm illiterating is what you say with the mask Like that I saw like eight ten masks on the rocks. I'm like what does it just like people? I don't know Okay done with this one for all right Oh, we had another show hold on Texas Hold this one over Okay, it's the southeast Texas Pro and See Tyler Manion was the judge had judge it men's physique Daniel E. Most one for him and succeeded Daniel E. Men's one Help you go into the Olympia Men's physique yeah, it's it's a lot of guys 26 guys in the show You know if you're gonna compete this year you better not if there's a show available you better jump in it I wouldn't wait gotten those the kids will chose nothing right Europe is the worst They can't sing everything Europe because I have a lot of European clients that I work with and I feel so bad for those guys Well they speaking of Europe that The show in Spain They just open it up Olympia qualifying the open body building for top three yeah the alicante right Which you know what if I was doing the new approach with Chicago or Calad we said you know why Yeah, nice we'll make those top three also right you know why not me or why not here? Well, why wouldn't they do that right I don't I have to believe the new or pros gonna have better quality competitors than the I don't know Just what I mean Right yeah, and I don't know though Dave Actually right now right now to the best of my understanding you can't find here if you're an American That's why these guys and you can't fly into the US from the europe that's why these guys are going to other countries like To buy if you are pro you'd have to go from The US to let's say I don't know where turkey before you fly into Spain Yeah, well that's fair what's his name is going Come on It's going to turkey No joke Dubai a lot of guys are going to Dubai too if I'm gonna go to the country I'm probably gonna go to the buy wouldn't you I mean that sounds like a little bit better than turkey but I don't know maybe the command has connection in turkey Well, you know I know people went to turkey that that was a beautiful Coast is gorgeous there. I don't know I wouldn't I don't know just a you probably saw that movie What was that movie back then you know with the guy sold drugs in turkey remember that movie was when we're Yeah, what they were? It was a name of that That was a scary movie Yeah, that's like my father loved that There was a Where was he cool? He was a claim what was it called as about a American kid he went to turkey sold drugs He threw him in like life in prison. I think his teeth skate I sound like you're probably not they don't make movies like that they have any more Yeah, yeah Midnight Express midnight Express to really a big critical of playing right The people refer to that movie Yeah, I actually watch that Yeah, because you know I didn't think I was so lucky. I forgot that movie even exist I find no my father really loved that Oliver Stone wrote that movie. There's another See anti-trap or You know he I guess Bill Marmay of I didn't see the show, but he brought up the idea that Russians interfered with our elections and he said you can't trust these people come on He said you know See I age been lying to a sense you know Kennedy was shot oh And Oliver Stone did that JFK movie too. Yeah, he Invested to get it all that stuff quite a bit Did you like that movie? Did you have K-movie? Yeah, I never saw it I was going to read that time with Midnight Express did you see it? I like that yeah, I did like it I don't know if I I'm probably wasn't It probably wasn't right you know the theory that they put forth I exactly think the mafia killed you know I think that's pretty much established at this point the mafia had killed But it was interesting all the connections and stuff like that