I'm going to launch the tasty pastry with a low-car hot tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. I'm going to show you how to make a big sandwich. I'm going to show you how to make a big sandwich. I'm going to show you how to make a big sandwich. I'm going to show you how to make a big sandwich. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. On day polumbto and today is Monday, July 19th, 2021. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. There are too many universal truths in this world. But Monday, being international chest-day, is definitely one of them. And if you need motivation to celebrate your Monday and style, you're going to be one of the most impressive things in this video. Sean, training chest with the stand-alone goot, it looks like Sean's carrying around size. He was a few years ago when he was prepping for the Olympia. And that version of them ended up being one of the most impressive physics of the last decade. I don't know when or if we're going to see Sean on a bodybuilding stage again. But I do know this. The last time he competed, he won the Mr. Olympia. And if that's a level he can get back to, it means that him getting back into the mix would be a complete game changer for a lot of people. Right now we're somewhere in the neighborhood of being four weeks out from the Texas Pro. And if you're a Logan Franklin fan, you might want to get your tickets now while you still can. Because it looks like this man is about to put on a show. The updates had been coming out of Logan's camp over the last few weeks have really caught people's attention. So much so that someone actually asked me if I thought that Logan had the potential to be a top three finisher at the Olympia this year. In the two times that we've seen him competing classic physique, he's been absolutely lights out. And now that he's had another full offseason, the grow into the division, it should be fun to see what that translates to when he's up there competing at the highest level. I know people like to say that imitation is the best form of flattery. But if anyone out there is thinking of imitating Esapasini, they may want to go easy because trying to operate at that level is in parameters. Since the beginning of international lineups were released a few weeks ago, the former Olympia champ has been training like a complete savage. And she is starting to look more and more like he actually resorted down in a distribution two years ago. When Esa's at the top of her game, she can be damn near unbeatable. And if that's the Esa who shows up in Columbus locking up her second straight title is almost a short thing. Well, it looks like things just got real for all the athletes who are getting ready for the classic physique Olympia. Because as of last week, you're reigning at the fending two-time champ. Chris Bumstedt is officially back in terminated alone. According to Chris, he weighed 246 pounds at the start of his prep, which is the highest that his weight has ever been heading into a show. The back to basic approach that Chris took this off season has been well documented. And when you see how thick he is in these pictures, it really hammers home why he took that approach. And if he shows up denser than he was last year with that same level of conditioning, everyone else is just competing for second place. And that does it the yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning on Day Palombo reminding you to always be true to your passions and it should have followed us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.