10th and 9th You must and I will repeat There ready for two guys who can't handle the truth The truth you can't handle the true word we can be Lumball Chris Asito Orangemuscle.com presents every muscle What are you? Watch us! Welcome to another episode of Heavy Muscle Radio on Dave Palumbo And I'm joined as always By the technician for Isto's on December 14th 2020 Evening and Chris There's a big, another big weekend Invadiating the Cal Pro-Tick place And I got my daughter Arya Through a cell phone My mouth is smarting And open up my lip Right here My cell phone locked up Dave today It wouldn't do anything No? Out of the world Right? Is it a terrible? You wish you had your blackberry back in us I know Well, you know, ever since you told me I switched my iPhone And I like it much better over to the clicking noise It's like a blackhorn Oh yeah, I can hear the clicking Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah You have to have the volume on it You know, so I'm laying in the couch Someday kids are in there And Amanda text me I can tell she wanted to ask me something She's having her on emergency So I was here, you know, her text goes through And Amanda what? All right, give me the phone Get to phones for daddy And she's like like a frisbee Like like like she's like a like throwing a like a boomerang Boom Boom And those things are dense Oh yeah, go ahead And it hurt I felt my lip crushing Underneath that Under that cell phone And blood is just she's like I said, are you sorry What you just did? She's like no No, she's like Climbing I mean, I mean, I got to see You just mean blood coming down my I mean It was running down my face She doesn't just know Climbing And you can't be mad at that, right? Cause it's like they're just you know It's so cute, right? The kids there in No, you mad at me on the double like on your list I stuns like putter and putter and time out He's like, yeah, he wants to see punishment He wants to be punished for it, yeah And flaked it on him I did putter and time out Cause I've warned him before not to Not to throw things You know, put that on I guess we'll do it again, yeah Anyway Antoine Valliant Is the champion and he's going to the Olympia And Chris, you called him on last week's show An Instagram body, brother Yes What's your response to that? I said Bohe As he called you Yeah, that's why I'm sorry Yeah, he did come out and he He was very funny, he actually someone said to me And I replied to him Congratulations, you look I actually respond to him I said, Antoine, you look terrible last week And I told other people who were like Who's feathers were ruffled I said you were fighting for seventh and eighth And ninth last week Right And by my account My opinion, I thought he looked terrible And he was fighting for as low as ninth place 7th, 9th I didn't think he won that call out Even on the 7th, 9th So the reason I called him in Instagram bodybuild is because he showed up with that show Look in like a Big men And I think he would admit to that A fig men of what he looks like running into the show Yeah, well, and then I said, yeah You know, he thought he was very flat I think he just over depleted or whatever But I saw him Bringfully Briefly, this is how much I know about him I saw him briefly at M140 And I just looked And I thought Someone said this, Antoine And I looked over And I thought, God he looks thin And I just thought, okay, maybe he's not doing the show He looks like lean but Not muscular and like And then this year, this week he did a whole cove I mean incredible help And lead for everyone and smash the shows So when he did, he put up a very funny Instagram or something story And somebody He should attack me on it But someone else attacked me on it And I sent a message back and I said Well he doesn't realize that you have a good sense of humor But he's self-taught I mean Congratulations, you looked incredible I reiterate you looked terrible last week And then he said, laugh out like, you know, thanks Something like this and then I said And I still think you looked better And Instagram photos, then this big win So I mean it's a great Unbelievable transformation From Well you know that He's not a guy, he's a pretty authentic guy He's not like one of these like You know, the oxygen gym mirror guys So I just felt like, you know, he's really authentic Something must have gotten serious Everyone, I'm going to get him on the show He's coming on Wednesday So I'm going to interview him Find out exactly when on between New York And Cal and what what mistakes he made For the The New York Pro that he didn't make for the California Obviously How would the Antoine you think we saw in California Which was really in Vegas How would that have done on the New York Pro stage? Well I thought and I want to refund for the For the broadcast Anyone who watched the broadcast For the livestream, he said it was terrible He said it was bad to be there Same, it was like this The one you did before the Cal Pro I gave it to Dr. Inher than that Yeah, it was bad But But even looking at horrendous photos He would have been Well I'll break it down this way He'd pro, if and one Then he would have given and a run Because he's got more Cross-straided body than in At least in California or Vegas And they're both very wide and very tall I mean those are calling cards right? They can why So they would have compared You know If having In having one And you know probably one You know by most accounts do do To to overall size Antoine has With And In the Yorkie didn't have size But he had size Back You know with the show So I think you want to Yeah I think the Antoine has got to be The comeback story of The decade I mean this is a guy who is Now he was a teen People were talking about this kid He's being mr. Lempia You know you had that kind of potential And he had contracts and he had money coming in and he got into the vault with the wrong crowd. He was part of him too much. He got into drugs. By his own mission, he was living on the street. He was homeless. He had no money, nothing, no only one, anything to do with them. He hit rock bottom. He cleaned himself up. He made the comeback two years ago. You know, did well. Look good. But then last year was supposed to be the real homecoming. So the speaker he was going to start winning shows and everything in the story. By set, if you remember. So this year was really something that he had been really waiting a long time to get to because of that, you know, to never be tear muscle. I'm going to set you back because no doubt about that. So, you know, I'm sure New York, he was ahead of a lot of nerves going into it. He probably was, you know, maybe had contracts riding on the line. I don't know what we were going on. But obviously, maybe he overdid it a little bit. But he, you know, he redeemed himself. He definitely came back. And, you know, now we see why you see that. And that frame, like you said, he has, is definitely a blessed frame. And if he can keep progressing from what he's got there, this guy can go, you know, pretty far. I think he can go all the way. I don't know. What do you think? Well, you, it's funny that Dave, you said it because you forget half the stuff you say. But a couple of years ago, you thought, you said that same exact thing on the show you said, I think he wants all you can go all the way. I was like, really? Yeah, he's hard kid. I mean, where would a Antoine that we saw here, and I think he could still be a little fuller, you know, than what we saw in stage. But I mean, where do you think that that physique would place it in the one beer? I mean, I mean, I think he's a top 10 guy for sure. You know, the, the Olympia is so difficult right now to handicap because, because it's still far out. And we don't really technically know who's in it. Well, we kind of know we're starting to get more people in it. Did you see that picture that they missed your Olympia LLC put up a, a brand of carry out an oxygen gym there? No, but he looks like he's like 900 pounds. He told me he looked like a, he didn't see the picture. He said, I have to put up my glasses. He looks like he's 900. So Brandon, the Brandon Phil battle is going to be beyond epic because Phil has a chip on the shoulder and I don't mean that. Make it way. There's nothing wrong with having a chip on the shoulder. It's motivating factor. Brandon has more to prove than Phil has to prove. So it's Phil's chip literally versus Brandon's, you know, motivation. Yeah. I would teach him to prove. And sometimes the, the, you know, the, the underdog to be, and the need to prove yourself. We've, we've never seen a Mr. Olympia be underdog. Chris, then, having a chip on your shoulder. Yeah, we've never had to see Mr. Olympia be an underdog at a show. This is the first time that you have to call me the underdog to these fills the seven time to win the championship. Yeah. He's the underdog for sure. Yeah. Which is, which makes, which takes a lot of pressure off a brand and no, too. Don't you think? It's pressure on, but it takes pressure off because people almost expect to fill the win, but even though Brandon's Mr. Olympia, so now Brandon comes in and brings a ridiculous look to this stage and beats Phil. I mean, it completely validates him, right? His Mr. Olympia. It does. He needs validation, but it's a good ability to bring in absolutely ridiculous. I mean, Phil definitely has the ability to bring something ridiculous. And I think if you look at Brandon's progression, I mean, who's to say he doesn't take another 15% improvement this year or what? Yeah. You're right. He's told him he is still getting better. What about Sammy? Now, he talked to Sean Rodin this past week and what's going on with him is in the trial and everything like that. I don't know what's happening. I don't think it's got anything to do with trial. I think what, you know, the people who on the Mr. Olympia have to extend an invitation. Well, he doesn't have to get an invitation. He's Mr. Olympia, but obviously, you know, whatever stopped him from competing last year because of, you know, a political decision that they made, they could extend that. Or I don't understand his, when is his court case? How come that's going? President can pardon anyone at any time. Right. Maybe trouble pardoned. Yeah, Sean Rodin. You don't need a pardon. I've been found guilty. Nothing. Mr. A Olympia owner can press the gas as hard as he wants if he wants to at any time. That's right. You think they'll invite him or now? No. No. They would have all right. Yeah, you're probably right, especially since the marketing has started earlier. It's a shout out that would have been great to put Sean on the poster. And you know, David, you know what's going to be crazy about the show? To show you watch. It won't turn out to be a blockbuster in terms of people in the show. And we'll only get to see it on livestream. You don't see all things going to be an audience, though. I think it's going to be, I don't think it'll be an audience. You might be right. The way I mean, look at this past weekend where the caliper was held. I was going to have passed on. Can you imagine Mr. Olympia, they have to wear masks? Well, I thought they would have no audience at camp for New York. I was wondering about that. So maybe they'll have, I mean, they had a limited audience. They can't have an audience. They should move it to Florida. Evidently Florida has no problem with audiences. They move the, moving the masters. They move the master. They, they, they, those were limited audiences. You know what I mean? Oh, a limited audience is better than no audience. Yeah. I'm talking how many people in New York. They weren't many people at all. But you know, it's Chris had Vegas that Vegas convention center, whatever they're, where they're holding it there, plant a Hollywood. That theater there is pretty damn big. So I mean, you could even, you could probably get a lot of people in there, even if you're spacing every six seats. You know what I mean? So. Well, my understanding is that Vegas is, you have to ask, Jerry, a shot, mostly. Yeah. I can't believe that they haven't gone out of business with these hotels. I can't. Maybe you're not actually going to buy one of the smaller ones. Dave, I watch the restaurant squad of business in my comment, trickling. You know, like this guy, I give up this guy. I give up this guy. It's a bright climate Hollywood. This is my question. I will raise some money with our good friend over there. And we could get a surprise. I'm surprised how Christopher has a book on it. That's what tells her. I'm surprised. They only say Regis and in hell harbor. Yeah, no, I know they do that. But I'm going to get better than that. That's true. What about like, if they, if he bought the planet Hollywood, then we would have the Olympia right there. We'd have to be able to get press passes. Luckily, we have Dan's home. We can't, I know I can't get one of the competitors who I want to get in. But we actually all know it's all about. Well, if you're home, I'll tell you to make your own rules properly. Do about who goes, how many people are talking to inside for people? That's true. Someone we know who downloads in hotels. Right. All right. Let's look at the show. Max Charles verse Antoine Valliant on stage. Break it down for me. Break it down. This show is one on not strikes. It's one on lack of weaknesses. And Antoine does have a back double. And he has control over the back of the back double. And he has a back last break. And he has boots in hands. Those are the shortcomings of Max. I know Max under the lights below you away on the most muscular. Maybe side chasts front doubles for nominal front last. But at some point you have to turn from behind. And I just, I think that's where I call it a show of weaknesses. Max has weaknesses there. I know he doesn't want to hear it. You know, it's a little bit of a meal. It doesn't want to hear anything. The other context is last week's judging. You know, it's still the same thing. I think I called it an apples and oranges and bananas show. Everyone had different physique different heights. Totally different physique. This week was more like, was a much different lineup. So people just like last week have their own weaknesses. And when nobody's dominating, you move to the people with less weaknesses than what weaknesses. So I think that's where Max is not able to, you know, put away some of these shows that he looks like he can put away based on some of the poses. But those achilles healed his physique is, and he's improved them. Right? He always improved the glutes, hands, back. But Max has got like a Paul the Let's Syndrome. He can't really hit the back. You know, I mean, takes a while to get into the back double. Yeah, I shot a max right there with the Patrick Moore. Let's get shot at Max from last week. Very, very, you know, full delts. What meal is to the good job getting the guy in shape, you got, we got to give him a little meal. Let's kind of melt down last week about the placing. I think he got yelled at actually for having too much of a meltdown. Well, I mean, you know, that's why I say, like, listen, when you're judging a show, it's wonderful to come into a show and say, this guy's first second third for fifth. Everyone agrees. There's not much discrepancy, but when you don't have people clearly taking first second third for you get heated arguments like, you know, the lowest ones to say, his guys are best. I want to say my guys are best. So they're guys are best. And the fact of the matter is, you know, not one person is dominating the show. So you can't say they're the best. Everyone, no one's going to be happy except the one right. What? If you told me a long time ago, even when the guy I've never forget when someone want to show and we didn't think he won the show and like everyone in the audience was bad for like how did he win and Dave said, oh, you said it was like woman is ladies and oh, he's convinced now that he's better. I saw the best as his girlfriend will tell me he's the best as trading partner. Tell me the best too. He's happy to be all the time. There would be guys backstage asking me questions and taking notes and thinking I was going to destroy them and then they'd go out and say they beat me at the show. And then they would be like so humble and then by the next day they were already telling people, oh, it's not really like a little matter of what I'm going to do. I want to talk like question on every shot. So that's the way it goes. Exactly. There's nothing you can do about that. But let's take a look at MPCS and these pictures. Let's take a look at some of these pictures. And Antoine's likes there look good. And last week he didn't even have his likes looking good. Yeah. Let's see the back double on it. Antoine, how old are those? I got it. Let's have you critique that. Antoine back double. Very detailed. Very detailed. That's why he looked, I mean big legs with hamstrings and his back could use more thickness and the arms could be a little bit bigger or show a little bit bigger. I mean, the legs are phenomenal there. Could he be, is it a fullness issue in the back right now? So you think he could be even more part of that? It's not more part of the work. It was just a good look. It's good look. It's it's it's it's. You can't eat more and get a more size on that body. It's it's just he's more muscle. Yeah. I think we'll wait this year and now I wait more. Whatever. A bigger. It's amazing. It's arms look so good, right? Because you can't even tell the mice of B2R. I mean, really, it looks really good. Whoever did the surgery did a great job on it. Yeah. Maybe it's a little shorter, but it's really not. There's no, there's no, it's not taking anything away from them. For sure. Let's let's see if we could pull up a maxed Charles back. Back double. You're talking about? Well, he's got a back, got a back double, then max. Like I said, it takes max a while to get into the shot, which is subconsciously irritating when you're the judge. Well, I think, you know, max doesn't really have, I think, the glued hamstring development necessarily that Antoine has. He's got him, but I don't think it's his dominant of a pose. Yeah, I would agree with that. Thurdest. Yeah, I mean, just the back detail, it's, you know, he still needs more back detail. Boots and ham, it's a good there. You know, he looks good. For max, he likes, his legs really don't look that bad. Like, you know, usually they look glaringly smaller, but I think they definitely have more volume than they normally do. I'm sure Mielo used his, his, his, for giant set in some productivity. Right. Yeah. Max to get the geneticity. You know, you can do it. You could do all those things that Mielo does. He probably works on him really well too. No. Look, this is a good look for max. I think if Max can progress from here to the Olympia, I think that, and we'll probably see him again. I don't know if he has enough points to do the show yet. To qualify for the Olympia. I wouldn't be surprised if we see Max one more time in the Chicago club. What do you think? Maybe, he'll probably go. I mean, he likes to compete. He, you know, he likes to compete. Mielo's coaches and Mielo's loves to compete himself. So I mean, he's pretty much the same character. I think it's a great right. Mielo's is not going to come watch. Shut it down. He knows. He's been shut it down. It's so great. Did like every single show every year. Yeah. He's right. He's right. Nice. Mielo's did every show every year. Mm-hmm. And you're right. And look good at every single show. Look at him. Look at him. I don't think he ever looked bad. Yeah. Let's talk about on win third place. On win is, I told, you know, there's so many people Dave on the cusp of really going. He's a shot. He's struck really very good. I mean, you have to admit. I mean, when he's in shape, his physique looks good. I think a lot of times he tries to come into big. And because he does need more size. But when you come into big, you know, what happens is you lose the sharp. That's the train needs more size. I thought he looked gigantic. Yeah. You don't think I'm that in the legs, maybe. I'll look at the legs from behind and the biggest in the show. Mm-hmm. Look at the cows. He's got good glutes and he has your right. Let's pull that for a trick. Crazy like on the side. Yeah. That's a good good glutes. He's actually better from the back than he is from the front. He's very complete. You know, I helped him last year for this show. I remember, yeah. He's always doing this show. That's the cal pro is like his show. And he's actually since that show, the last couple of shows he's really improved a lot. I mean, I think he's probably gained. I bet he's up five pounds on the scale for four, five pounds, which I'm at frame looks tremendous. And his condition is as good as it was last year, if not better. You know. I think that I think that he's dangerous in any show at this look, this look. Because he's got, you know, I started off by saying, you know, these shows are boiled down to a lot of, you know, who's got the least amount of weaknesses? Right. Yes. The least amount of weaknesses. Let me get you in trouble here. Let me give you a quick answer. We always talk about who's the best Asian bodybuilder. You know, he'd a Yamagishi's name always comes up. Who's better on when or he'd a Yamagishi from your estimation? On when right now. All right. It's a bold statement. Merckhead. It's a very nice compliment. Because he'd a great bodybuilder. He looks like he's another Instagram guy. Good. I'm telling you, he's nothing. I'm just kidding. You just mad that he'd a beat, how is he a Raymond with the overall balance? Yeah. So it's always Jose. Yeah, I know. I'll talk for a minute. All right. Let's go to fourth place another one of your guys. And this lineup, Patrick Moore. We're very good. My, my, before I let you talk about it, my critique of Patrick was that alone, you know, he looks like Mr. Olympia. And then you put him next to people and you see his size is not, you know, quite up to snuff with some of these other guys. And he looks smaller in some of the poses. I thought he should have taken off the year a little bit more and grown, but you know, he obviously is placing top five and it'll be show so you really can't critique that. And in a negative way, but what you take as his coach on what he brought to the stage and what you think that you know, he should be doing moving forward. I thought he looked great. I think he's another, I think. I think honestly nine pounds on this frame. Nobody beats on him. I don't. And I mean nobody. That's a lot of muscle on that frame. Yeah, because it will look like a 18 pounds on that frame properly. Bye. And he's remarkably difficult to get by. And I see that because the judge, and I didn't ask a judge told me last week that he said, I wanted to have Patrick first and almost every shot. Mm. But, but as a pre-Jage and moron, I realized he was up against bigger guys. And he said to me, they weren't better, but they were bigger. Right. It's in the bodybuilding show. Yeah. As well as, you know, condition wise, his condition was spot on last week. So that's a judge telling you, some respect to guide. That's good. That's very good. Um, I mean, the same story, essentially. I'm going to, I got some exclusive, a C.D. I'll hotel video footage on the next. I can't see date. We read the trailer. It's very, let me get the folders off all the under his. Keep in mind, he looks better here because I put my, my iPhone 7 filter on it. It's a little bit fishy. I hold those. All right. Let's see how it looks. Yeah, this, this is, this is, he looks dynamite here, man. I'll do the sound effects. If I'm not, I'll hear the sound. No. I can't. We should be able to hear the sound. I hear it. I may be not hear it. You know, the bells and whistles are everything. They have a hamstring crazy from the side. Yeah. Because you're rounded in the shots. What's your side, Trice up? Late from the side is, you know, ETL. You get the magic window over there of light on them. That's good. Yeah. Yeah. Alone. He's so dangerous. You know, that's the, that's the thing. He looks so deadly here. Yes. Let me tell you. I used to always say, I'd love to look like Tony Freeman. You know, if I had a pick up physique, you know, this, this physique wouldn't be a bad physique to walk around with, right? No, this is a physique you come into the hotel room and you say, shit. But the chose no. No, but I'm saying, I'd like to walk around with that physique. That's a nice looking physique. Yeah. So. Let me see if I could. I want to everyone will have his number on speed dial. They've all the girls in. I can put that. Yeah. I can put it right. You know, on you. And I can do it in three weeks. Exactly. Exactly. Well, catching looked at that. Really good. So what does he do next? He's shutting it down or. He shut it down and take the time to grow. Put some size on a man. Exactly. That's a. That's the. It's not going to be hard for him to put on that muscle. Once he has some time to do it, you know. What, you wouldn't, you wouldn't ship for the Arnold. I guess you would push his probably the next show. I'll tell like later in 2021. Yeah. Maybe later. I think it's going to move. I don't think you, I don't think you should do it. Like the Arnold this year. I don't think he's been, I don't think he can make enough improvements. But then again, he's a freak who knows. Maybe he can't. I'll eat my words. I'll get an email from him when he wins the Arnold. Yeah. I'm saying, you said I couldn't do it. You know. Well, he likes to challenge. Let's talk about Eddie Brockamante. So another one of your guys. I think fifth place. He has to be a real win for Eddie because I don't think anyone expected it. Although I did suggested in the preview that I did a show because I know Eddie's always dangerous and he's always in good shape. But I mean, just gnarly conditioning. Yeah. I mean, that's, let's face it. And he's got a big structure. That's what got him in that fifth position. Yeah. I mean, he has, he has, you know, very good condition. And he's very tall. I mean, he's tall and wide and things flow. You know what I mean? Things generally flow on his physique. Oh. And he's got wow. Yeah. He's got wow factor. He continues to improve. You know, the interesting thing, even though I couldn't see the call outs, I could hear them because I couldn't see up through that video. Right. He wasn't in the first call out. Oh, he wasn't really. And you know, they had him down to like, you know, way out. Like, but they moved him up. And yeah, I would agree with you. It's a win. You know, he's like, I just posted on my Instagram. Besides, filled with photos of him. I said, you know, he's been third, fourth, fifth and sixth in Pro Shows. And he's just, you know, he's close to. He's just close. He just needs like everyone else. Five pounds. You know what I mean? Five pounds in that frame. I mean, everyone will exactly get five pounds, right? Every single person who's in the top eight, I'll move on. So I sound like a broken record. But, you know, he's continued to. He's continued to improve since he turned pro. He's been overlooked in shows where he didn't place in the top five or six. You know, where he's was brought a great package. New up pro a couple years ago. But, yeah, I thought he looked very good here. I agree. Let's talk about a moment of Shabon. I was impressed with him. He's very good. Good. Shabon guy, but doesn't look short. Does he? He doesn't look short. Shorter. I guess, you know, he's short. Look at those, he's, he was a projection. What, where's he for? Yeah, a projection. I think the Egyptians got the lower quiet there. Those those lower kids. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, between him and, and we'll talk about the sum of stuff in a minute. You know, who else was a, was a, was a ranny? I mean, a, a, an assar. I don't know if an assar was a real, isn't an assar like Yugoslavia? No, it's mother's Egyptian. I've sure was Egyptian, I've been. The father, so the father, I think. Chris, I don't appreciate you being with lumping me with these, these moronic fishermen. I am, I'm, I'm a, I'm a much, I'm an intellectual. I speak, he's languages and, thank you, thank you. Thank you, the mass monsters for me here. Who's the other one? What's the, the staff from the Hammond, right? Maybe Hammond, the staff, uh, what's the, Mama, the staff had the wacky legs, too? Yeah, no, you'll have those lower tier drops. It's definitely genetic. This is definitely they all have good abs, a good line to babs to right, they have perfectly right about it. So he's good, I like it. I think, I, you know, I think you can make a case from probably being higher in this show. But if he was short, maybe that's, you know, his, his conditioning from behind could have been a little dry, but he looks pretty good. The good Sam's and everything. Yeah, oh, he's, well, he's complete his, what he is. Yeah. You know what I mean? Um, nothing's overwhelming. That doesn't mean he's small, but nothing is, it goes back to, again, it's a show of who has the least weakness is. The reason he fell in this six is because he really doesn't have any weaknesses. Right. Six in a good lineup, you know. What about this, this Joe Seaman guy from, he was, he was, he was like, I didn't even know he was. He was being beat up. Yeah, big part of level. He's from Canada. Great condition. Yeah, I think he shot well. I don't think anyone expected, he might be the darkest because no one knew who he was going into the show. He looked very good, even on, even on, and then completely blackout. I wonder why they have lighting problems. Maybe because they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they then you was just not good. You know, well, be good. Yeah. All right, let's, let's, let's. Let's, let's, let's, let's, let's, let's get the shower model. We can't complain that they didn't have the best, you know, video lighting. No, you're right. I think I, I, I think, I've. I kept, I had to have to all these, these promoters that make make him just happen. Because they're doing it with nobody until they lose money. It's not cool, you know, if you take tim, out of the picture. Yeah. And you take Jake Woodhouse picture. This is what I've been, I mean, and Jake Wood with him. And Gary Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I mean, but Gary wasn't doing a project. Okay, was, yeah, he did do it, it does the master's probably. Yeah, I don't know, you're saying the guys that are spending the money, who are losing money. I understand. This would have been a bust of a year. Yeah, there would have been no year. There would be a whole thing would have been canceled, like, well, these are the sports. Let's look at a haste on Mustafa. All right, give us the give us the timeline on this one, because, you know, it's amazing that a guy made it today. He looks okay here. It's pretty, I'll play the hotel stuff later, but let's show me, I mean, this look is two hours of way from the hospital. Was he in the hospital this morning? The morning of the show? It was for 48 hours, and then he was discharged at 9 and got on stage at 11. What the heck? So now go over what happened? What was he doing in the hospital? I could picture. Okay, I'm back to unfortunately New York. I got to Tampa, New York on Tuesday. And I just thought he was fatigue and stuff. You know, like, oh, maybe he's dying. You know, just typical freak contests. But as Tuesday went into Wednesday, you know, he told me he had really bad. He had a lot of issues, one with diarrhea. And then all of a sudden, like crazy hemorrhates to the point where, well, he couldn't. By Friday, he could barely speak. Well, the pain. So you knew that any more of the hemorrhates at this point? No, well, it was hemorrhates. It was bleeding. It was bad. Right. And Friday, I thought, okay, maybe you shouldn't do the show. And that was like, that was like, we couldn't even breach that because at that point, he was like, no way. It was like, it was impossible. And then by Saturday, you know, the flag, of course, was his presentation on Saturday. And that was mostly directly 100% attributed to, like, like he couldn't really flex. He was in too much pain, is what you're saying. Yeah. So after the show, I'm shocked. Okay, you know, I'm going to try to make it out to Vegas. You know, he stays in Tampa a few days. He has to Vegas the second. He got off the plane. They went directly to the hospital. He stayed there. The two days. It was a damaged pain. Now, what do they give you from pain and for that? Did they just like give you topical stuff? I think of you know, like, percussive, which obviously, it cost a pay to you. Yeah, they give you no products. No, what was he to per his food? I mean, what was he doing? I think I was just wasn't eating. They just I beat him, so that was it. Wow. And when you get, I don't even, how do you deflate someone who's on a live. You know, he was, he was deflated out of his mind from diarrhea. You know what I mean? Oh, so they didn't even matter. And I like saying, yeah. So, so you guys were playing like catch up. I mean, he, no, you sent me a video. I think I think, I, I, I honestly, I think it, like, like, at nine between nine and levity, like it doesn't doughnuts. Oh my gosh. I didn't have a napkin. After all that. Okay, well, he wasn't eating. Well, now, let me ask you this question. You sent me this video. Yeah. What was the video from what day was this video? I was first day before the, You were throwing. Before New York. All right, so let's play this video because this is, this is Chris, to a show in the hotel room. Okay. Guy, good evening. What did that just like, that's, that's, that's a, that's a Libby of damage everywhere. Oh, that, he looks like NASA else a body from behind, you know, with a better back. What is, you know, Chris, I hear them saying, You know, you know, crazy because I thought he looked crazy. Look at this. Not like much, much the pextrations. You know, how tall is he? You look short here, he's so big. Five, seven. He's got you, he's got you. He's got you. Oh, just 63 right there. Very good, very impressed. And the other interesting thing day with the hemorrhages, like Thursday is just, I mean, his body, he was so, with sweat at all times of the day because he had a fever from the, of, because he had a infection, right? You have a low-grade infection. Oh, yeah, a high-grade infection, turn out. You know, you know, anything like low-grade. So it was with systemic almost there. Yeah. So he would drink like, you know, a, a leader of water and sweat out, and a leader within two hours. Just drenched. Yeah. Now we, we know, were you against him competing at this show? No, no, because I just said, you know, he came all this way, you know, just he puts so much into this show. I mean, no one puts a lot into the show. Right. But he's like the other guys. I mean, I'm sure there's multiple people other than Hassan most staff, who's, show number one was postponed. Show number two was postponed. Show number three was canceled. Right. And in fact, when the New York curl was supposed to be on at six weeks out, I advise us to, you know, it's just too much work. You're not even in shape. I mean, you look decent, but it's going to be, it's, it's so much. And what if they don't have it? And he said, you know, I want to do it. Hmm. Well, where does he go from here now? Is he going to try to do another shower? Is he going home? I think he's got, he's still got, you know, take the harvest. He's, he's nowhere near on the woods with the ham-wide stuff. Obviously, you think he's going to need like some ways to surgery those things? That's usually what they do. They laser him off. I think he's got to, you know, you got to get him on some fiber-lies for us. He can't go home until, you got to put the instructions in, in Arabic though. His wife speaks very, very good. He may, he may get hungry on low carbs and eat the whole time. Yeah, too. Tell him, I'll send him some fiber-lies. Where's he staying? Where's he staying? He's staying in Vegas until he can get the strength to decide what he's leaving. It's a, what he's, people don't really have to mourn, fly back to Egypt. So he's got to be able to sit on that plane. And if you, you know, if you got hemorrhage, man, it's not funny. You don't have to tell funny thing. It's not funny. The flight, like the way they got to, the connections. They had like a nine hour layover in Turkey. Right. And then it was 40 hours to get from. Wow. That's like a Chrissosita flight. Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's 40 hours to get back from Tampa. Yeah, because you got to go to Maine. Yeah. But it took him 40 hours, you know, like getting to get him from New York. That mess is up right there. We think of the sitting. When you don't know, you have hemorrhage, they get ready to blow up. It's got to be terrible. It's got to be terrible. I wouldn't wish that. I wouldn't wish like a bad case hemorrhage on anyone, you know. That's even my worst enemy. That's what they say. You've already sent a piece of pain in the ass. That's what it's like coming out. That's what it's like. That's what it's like. That's right. That's right. Hang in the shed. Oh, my God. Never ending. So Antoine Vallions going to the Olympia. It's going to be pretty excited. Look, I got it. The guy worked hard, you know, made it happen. It's got to be exciting for him. I would think. Oh, first time. First time is always the most exciting one, you know, because it's just, I met the Olympia. Every single person's ever met the Olympia. It gets crazy excited about their first Olympia. Yeah. I mean, he's been, I mean, they were grooming. This kid was supposed to go on the Olympia stage, you know. Like when he was the teenager, you know, they were saying he's going to be on the Olympia stage. So to finally make it there, you know. Sometimes when people get sidetracked like that, when they have so many problems in their life, a lot of times they never, they can never make that comeback. Yeah. He did it. He was able to pull it off. How many bodybuilders do we know who was supposed to make it to the Olympia? And then just the personal lives just exploded. Mm-hmm. Inpload it. And they didn't even qualify to become a pro or they made it. And then they only got the pro card. And that was it. They went down the tube. You know, with their. Well, I saw the Olympia guys put up a picture. So they had the meeting out there at the Olympia. Finally, they were able to go see the planet Hollywood venue. And that's from the left there that's Angelica Nebia. You know, works for Flex and the whole crew. A tamer, Algundi, obviously. And then there's Dan Salman in the middle. The Germanian Jake Wood and Tyler Manning. So that leads me to believe that they're making progress, right? Look, if it wasn't Jake Wood behind running these things and owning the Olympia, I would be nervous that the show would be canceled. I really don't think it would have happened. Do you think it would have happened if Pecker had the show? No way. They would have probably canceled it. Six months ago, they were to cancel it. There's that's the political thing to do, right? Well, I mean, it's business wise. But there's a decision wise. I mean, because they're not feeling this right. Well, that's the point. That's why I asked you. I said you got one that softball question is, is it different? You know, David Pecker would come out once he answered, I love body building. And Jake Wood loves body building. Right. So, I mean, you have to like totally be engulfed in it to say, you know, I only let the I'm having it no matter what. Yeah. You think black men calls up Jake Wood and like, Jake, it's a steep black man from Muscle and the Bellman. I got him just telling you, you're doing a great job. I don't know. What do you think? You tell us, you think he's jealous of the whole thing. Um, you know, it's weird because he could be a he could have been in the position to own it, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'll at least never would have allowed him to pay the money to buy it. I'm sure. But he would have done a good job with the two because he's, you know, he's passionate, genuinely passionate. Yeah. If a lease would have let him like, you know, uses money to do whatever he wanted with it. He would have made it great. Yeah. Yeah. Probably would have, he would have had like celebrity head judges himself. And calling up, you know, can we get, can we get, you know, I mean, get time and call me. I'm not on the panel. Yeah. I call him Kardashian and they are just for a judge one, the two, twelve. That's right. Judge Bikini, Kim Kardashian had judge. That there would be a move scene would do right? It would be a really, really, really, really. It would be a brilliant move, too. It would be brilliant. But how many people would be watching on her? She'd have her, she'd hold up her phone on Instagram. There'd be six million people watching the Olympia, you know. It's brilliant move. But it's not going to happen. Right. The office say he's got a, you know, one of Clark's Skype call with. He, he, he, he, he, he. Yeah, he'd be like, let's call the wellness division that Kardashian division. Much more market emotes. Hey, you know, the thing is. I'm talking to him. It would stick, right? Oh, it would be that definitely would. And the Ashley and division. We get rid of the wellness of Kardashian. You'd have like, they'd say, they'd have to call Pesburg and say, why do we have like. Fashionals 700, you know, entries per division. Yeah. The fashion. It's a good thing to visit. Right. There you go. They're making a fortune on that one. Don't doubt it all. So the next, what is the next big pro show is Chicago now? It's going to be taking place in Atlanta. Yeah, that's right. It's in Atlanta. I've improved it. And is that wings of strength as well? Yes. Yeah. That's some Gardner. So, see that. And is that the, and then they get the Alicante Spain one? Yep. In a month or so or the week before, I think it's week before Chicago. We were right around the same time. And what is the last, what did we got coming up after that Romania? Is that a call of fire? So, Alicante Spain is, is they're calling that the, Oh, they have it. Oh, they actually have an NPC European championships that's a, the given, the giving out three Qualification spots per division for the Alicante Spain one. And I think that's only because they don't have, they don't only have one show in Europe. You're shut down all the shows because I was helping, I know you probably helped a lot of European guys too. All this shows that there's nothing. So, everyone has to go to that Alicante Spain show. Yeah. Or the, I think they have one more in another country too, but it's not a, a pro show, but they won't let trap it. They won't let E cross over the borders and stuff like that there. I don't know if it's good or bad with the whole COVID thing. I have no idea. The Esco Romano, it's going to be COVID is going to be over with after the election. But these things, they think it's a whole bit, they got a cancel. Yeah, they've been going to call a lot. I think COVID is a black lives matter. You got a cancel. No, we'll, we'll racial issues anywhere. Yeah. As cops, I always beat up on pizza on him and his little. So, but, uh, it looks like that the, we're going to have like a really dizzy fall because, you know, think about it. Chris, we're going to have all these, um, we have the NPC masters, nationals. We have the, uh, the USA, which is going to have the USA masters as well. We're going to have the NPC nationals, the team universe. They're all going to be taking place like within six weeks if you show them. Think about all those pro qualifiers. If you can't get a pro card, they, you suck because if you're top five and any of those shows, as long as you hit all five of them, you should be able to get your pro card, right? Yeah. And, and, and the nationals gives top two in every way class of pro cards. So, I mean, you really, the top six people in every division. I mean, there's no excuse not to do all the shows unless you run out of money because, I mean, that's the only, that's, that's a limiting factor that. No, although those shows, that they're going to be outside or. I don't know. Well, no, I think in Florida, as long as everything's being held in Florida, you can hold the stuff inside. We don't care over here, in Florida. Well, you, well, you do it, but they don't. They don't. I do it, but they're, but the state doesn't. Obviously. Yeah. That's how you know if you actually a believer or not believer. Let's say. Would you take your kids to a Bible and show a game? No, I don't know what I'm going to say. But the, you know what the thing is, though. In the end, you know, eventually, you know, this is going to die down. It's going to, it's just going to go away. But in the end, you know, maybe Florida will come out, you know, financially better off than all these other things because they are having business here, some might, I mean, in a limited confession. Is Disney still up in Amanda? I don't think she can hear me. I think Disney still open. Keep it the crowds. They are like trickling in. People in here. They want to go to the press conference. Open up here, but there's no one has any business. I think that people like this is up here. I, what we order in. That's what that, that's, you know, like, there. You don't even get this. That's the way it's going to come out. We, we order out back. We order pizza. We order, you know. You don't have to leave the house. Yeah, you don't have to. Now they have this new service to Amanda was telling me where you can order your groceries. You go online and you can pick out your groceries, they deliver. I hate grocery shopping. I've been doing it myself because I, I'm like, I'm like the, the guy they send. You have like they always have the guy who test the rate. They have to canary's, they test the radiation. Yeah. Whenever it's like an, an, any kind of radiation, or when they were working the labs with radiation, they would have canaries there because the canaries of diverse if there's a radiation week. I'm there on the canary, the elderly area. So, uh, what you guys got a hurricane coming your way. Now I think we have heard it. I think we had a little bit of a tropical storm, a little bit of a tail end of that over here. I'll go to the water. I'll go to the water. Yeah. So it's the world is coming to an end. What can I tell you? It's 2020 was a rough year for the civilization. I think. Well, I was in town today. I was like, tumble weeks going downtown. Really? Even in the end, still, huh? Are things closed there? Things that things are either. Things that a lot of things are closed and people who are open have desperate look. This, you know what this nothing worse than a look of desperation. I go around, you know what I mean? I go to stores and I, you know what I'm in town. I look around and I go to restaurants and peek in. Because that's what I like to do. Sure. You see people with, like, sad, desperate, full faces. It's terrible. It is kind of sad, I think about it. I mean, because, uh, yeah, but yet still people don't want to work around. I still can't get a fence guy to put a fence up around. I can't get a fence guy to put a fence up around. Construction people still busy somehow. I actually, I actually got a guy to a game called, which is a little Decrously. Absolutely crazy. I get a fence call. I get one a few days. What do you call you? I'm afraid to even admit it. I'll tell you better. I'll tell you better. I'll tell you better. I can, I can, I can one up you. I can. So I have this place. I've bought it a long time ago, long time ago. And I bought this. It's a department building. And I have a real estate. I don't, but he don't know me, but he's my idol. It's like people know Arnold, right? You know, Arnold's my idol, but Arnold don't know who they are. So one day I get a call from this guy. Said, oh, yeah, I bought the building next to you. My name is Arnold Schwarzenegger. You know, he tells me his name. I said, I just do this. Of course. I know everything about you. I'm like, you're my idol. He says, I want to put a fence between my property and your property. Let's meet lunch. It's like Arnold's head. Let's go for lunch. Right. We're waiting at Weng. I know all his properties, David. It's sick. That's crazy. I'm like a stalker. And so he says, you know, what to put up a fence between my property and your property. And I'm taking this building and I'm just putting a board. And I'm just putting a board you know, it's kind of a junkie building. And then he says, which like, you know, how long we go half on the on the fence. It's almost what's in there. Right. What am I supposed to say? Yeah. Yeah. He's been boozelling you. He says me the bill for 15 grand. 30,000 for the fence. Just because you had. And how long is the fence? I haven't made a penny out yet. I've been struggling for two years. How long is it? How big is what's the distance? Nothing. Probably 100 yards. 100 yards. Why is the fence so expensive? When he put the wall. That's why he's my idol. Because when you go in, Dave, when you go in to see his apartments. Yeah. He take your breath. They're just apartments. He did build. He built like the wall. They want to build around Mexico. Yeah. And he's having me pay half a heart. Just like Mexican. Just for somebody. You should you got a fight. So so an elephant. Thank you for your part of the bill. That's what the problem. So I guess it drops right here. Because he brings it up. He'll say. I just show him. Hey, I'm on the same team as you. You know, that kind of thing. Yeah. So I'm looking for picture. Tell me what this is from without reading the. You can't read it. Which you can't say. Here we go. That's fuel. That's fuel. He's from the Colorado Pearl. I'm right. I'm going to spread it this stuff. Yeah. It's a great picture. I'm going to get shredded. It's a crazy shredded. You know what? He's he's. He looks different. Maybe it just seems younger. I don't know. Right? You get. You get. You know, me and you look different. How many years is 10 years ago? What can you just tell? I'm saying so as a shame. He's face just looks different. Yeah. He's engaged. Yeah. He's a really. He doesn't look. He doesn't look. He just looks different. You know what I mean? He doesn't have wrinkles on his face. Yeah. He's like. Broden. Broden doesn't really look. Actually, Broden looks no different. I think when he was first started. He's an ugly guy. When. When. When. When. He looks. He looks. It's unbelievable. Like. Like. Dexter. And. His body is. Just. But his face. You can see. He had. You can see the lines of the ages face. Nothing was bad or that, but I'm just saying. Broden has like. He could be like 30 years old. You know, he looks. He actually looks like a little kid actually in this phase. Yeah. Yeah. He does. He has a very young looking. Kist type face. Kip. I'm going to give you one more. Phil Heath. He told me where. What's show this one's from. So. That one I haven't seen. That was the 2000. That's the Lace. Official. Yeah. 2000. And. And. A has. He ended up third. Where we end up. 2008. I'm looking from. I see he actually put it up as like a little. It was like a little. If anyone guess this one. 2008. Only 61,000 people. I'm. I'm. The year it was the year he almost to make it a pre-judging. Yeah. I don't even know what year. I don't. Nine nine nine nine. That's 2009. You know what. What you're sure of. Um. I just know the look. But I know what you know a day. If you go back and look at that pre-judging. Um. He made the changes between pre-judging and finals that end on May. Between New York and Tampa. And I heard that he ate at the buffet like all day long. I don't know if that's true. But in pre-judging he was like. Yeah. Just like almost. Sshhh. Small. Not small. And for the night show which was a full day later he was like he looked like he gained. Fifteen pounds of I bet he did gain ten. And that's the picture right there. Hmm. If you go back and you look at 2009. Phil Heath pre-judging Olympia. And then go back and look at 2009. And then go back and look at the final. You'll say I didn't know Phil was so good that year. Right. And you wouldn't know because all the whoop-law was in the pre-judging. You know he was. What could be brings it. This year it's going to be. A lot of crying guys out there. It's for sure. Well you know what unfortunately we're going to get another we're going to get a press conference without. Because Phil's good in a press conference because he lets he blows a gasket. Yeah. He might be to he might have a different approach this year. Yeah. But I don't know. Maybe I'll be can you always blow a gasket. You know and if you want prone to blow a gasket it's like you know. All dogs don't have our new tracks. No. Maybe not. He looks pretty big. I'll give it as much. I'll show. I'll post up a picture to muffin health people's declarations of way they go. I have like 40 and a half. You can send them right now. He looks lean too. Yeah. Yeah. Looks big. Definitely looks big. He won't grant you an interview if he wins. No. He might. But whatever. I don't know. Who else is going to interview with? I mean, if you're Mr. Limpio you should you go interview with everyone. You know you mark your brand and that's really what. That's really what it is. They could know and interview with anyone because there was exclusive contracts. There're just there. There're just people who don't want to interview with certain people because they don't like. They're they're critiqued or they're physique. It was like when versus we do and I want to have to be together. I get an exclusive video on these athletes. Remember, I was working for black men during these times. It was driving me crazy, you know, with contracts and this person. And then he was, we had to like, patrol the internet because if God forbid these guys, you know, because they would forget and they would do an interview with like, body's only in that calm or something like that. And that'd be like, uh, victory. And that's supposed to be talking to the sky, you know, you're explosive fat. Like, I, I, I, I, I didn't have any conversations. I thought it was ridiculous. The whole episode of the league. But, you know, I was defending the, you know, the, you know, the label, so to speak. But it was, it was ludicrous to go up and freak out when someone would, you know, he, you know, he was, he would send the letter out with lawyer letters. And what a season just is or what he's got to probably the garbage and wipe their ass with it. And he would never follow up because he didn't want to spend the money on the follow up, you know. It's like the little sending out a letter like he's going to have a victory to want to spend the money. Yeah, I, at least he, why didn't even send that no one's even responding to these guys like laugh if he's letters. They know that you're not going to do anything about it. Yeah, I got to keep it on fire on case you never get to escalate. I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I've brushed and filed. Can we get to the black man's file with all the, I love I, I probably have the biggest file there, right, right? Yeah, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I got my, I got my files and biggest. It might even be big of a jays. Well, rose in after I was out there. Yeah, we could still write this. h  the, you know, timers going to be running the Olympia backstage. So, that's what's a problem. Yeah, but you know what, I think him and his brother must be going out of that mind. Because think about having to show as they normally hold every year, they have like a record. There's no one who holds more shows. They have like a ridiculous number. And they probably are only holding a fraction of fraction of what they normally hold. So that's, you know, for guys that work all the time, that's, you know, that they'll go crazy like that, you know, thinking about it. They probably have spent more time canceling venues and giving people back money and, you know, and talking to sponsors than they've ever done before. That's just not fun, you know, that's not a fun thing to do. Especially when you have a lot of negative messages, you know, you know, what's worse, the uncertainty of it all. Yeah. And it's what we're going to do. Might be able to have it hotel say, yeah, I think you can, you know, get back with us in two weeks, then everyone can. Hey, we haven't show. Well, possibly we might move the, you know, the Cal Pro to North Dakota and I don't want to show it to Vegas. The scary thing, Chris, is it could still go on into 2021? There's no guarantee that this is going to let up, you know, because there could be another wave of this stuff, you know, of COVID going on when we hit the cool of nuts, you know, what has changed at all? You're good in science. Well, these viruses sometimes run their course. In other words, you would think, well, there's some people haven't got you, so it should continue spreading. Well, sometimes they just die out. I mean, now they're not everyone gets the flu every single year, right? I mean, some people get it, some people don't get it. And that's it. And it runs its course and it's done. So we don't know if this COVID is, because this COVID seems pretty good evidence that it's a manufacturing virus. We don't know if it has a longer life or longer half life. We can't wait to people start getting the flu thinking they have COVID. Right. We're good. That's going to be crazy. I have to go for a colonoscopy and I have to get COVID tested on the Monday before, because I'm getting it done in a hospital. So I heard that I heard the procedures not so fine. I have to stick to stinking up your nose and like swab up in your like sinus cavity. No, it's worse. The nose, one, I'm a wake for so that might be worse. Maybe you should be the specialists for her son because you. Yeah. I'm going to send I'm going to send him on. I'm going to say five or King. Right. Right. Black for a call. We write the five. Roll 12 people wrapped around my head. Come to the five. But yeah, I get a send has signed some five. He's going to be at these going to be in Vegas for over a week. I'll send him a took a couple of times. I'll be happy. It'll definitely help him, you know, moving his bowels is going to help him a lot. Obviously, it's going to take some of the strain off of the the last exit, you know, out of his body, so to speak. But it, yeah, I feel bad for the guy. It's a very, very uncomfortable thing to have to go through. I know a lot of guys who had laser surgery, you know, to remove the the hemorrhates and they were like, it was a God sends. But I'm telling you, you could prevent yourself from getting hemorrhates. You've got to take a good quality for eye for something. There's not that many out there. I'm not trying to push my product, but I'm telling you talk to the guy, Assistant, you know, if you wanted to get my product works, you know, you got to take a look. You stand out with a, it was a disciple too. You know, maybe, so give it a shot, guys. If you have been trouble with hemorrhates or you have uncomfortableness down there, that this this sold really takes the burden off of that as well. And because it's, you don't have to strain. It's the strain, especially when you're that big too, you don't realize when you, when you wait 250, and you are all muscle and you strain, okay, this, the strain that you're putting on that area is way way more than it would if you're like like 150 pound aight, you know. So that's another thing that you have to consider. And plus, you're eating eight times a day, you know, it doesn't help you. So the area never gets a rest down. So once you get some kind of a hemorrhate that flies up, you're not giving in a break because you're always eating. So there's my little rant to the day. Hopefully everyone's having a good weekend and we'll have a good week coming up. And obviously, we got a lot of shows to start covering. Hopefully you guys are enjoying all the coverage on our explosive. If you are, make sure you subscribe to the YouTube channel. Hit that like button, turn on your notifications and remember with heavy muscle radio. True with hearts. Night everyone. See you next week.