Day Palombo here with an R-X muscle news update. The Mr. Olympia Classic physique. Pre-judging just let out and it looks like Chris Bumstead will be making it three in a row. I was pretty convinced after pre-judging that Bumstead not only looked the best on stage, but the judges just seemed to favor him at every single call out. He was always in the middle. His structure is so big. He takes up so much space compared to some of these other guys on stage that it almost looks like he's a giant among children on stage. And that's what classics about it's about proportion. At his height, he holds a lot of muscle on his frame. And the guys that are like right next to him are short guys. Terrence Ruff and Brianna Ansley. And that just gives Bumstead such an advantage over these guys because of the fact that he is so wide and so tall that everyone's eyes just go to this guy. I remember when I used to watch Cory Everson back in the day. And I remember when she would come out there saying she had the same effect. She just, her structure was so big and she was tall and she just, you couldn't take the riser off her. I think Bumstead is clearly a solid first place here. I don't think that there's absolutely unanimous. There's no doubt in my mind. The competition really now is for second third, fourth, fifth because that's where it's close. And it looked like Terrence Ruff and was going to be the guy in second place for most of the pre-judging. And then right at the end it seemed like Brianna Ansley really came on and searched. And I noticed the Weinberg had him in the middle next to Bumstead. And that to me tells me that I think he's getting a little bit of a nod toward the end of the pre-judging as the guy who's in that second position. But I think between Ruff the Easle and Brianna Ansley we're going to see a battle again tonight because I don't think it's decided yet. It was very, very close between those guys. They match up really well. Brianna's got, I think more density to do is back Ruff the Easle. I thought could have been a little bit drier but you know, it's hard to tell, you know, sometimes exactly, you know, you know, grainyness, I'm not sitting in the front row there. But I have to tell you that those guys match up really well with each other. Brianna obviously's got the amazing biceps, Ruff the Easle with the tremendous, you know, presentation. Those guys, I'd like to see a caught just those two guys to be honest with you. I think that's what they got to do tonight. If they do that I think we'll be able to tell better because with the problem is when Chris bumps did's in it, you almost can't look at those two guys and they're on either side of bumps that said they're not next to each other. Although they were next to each other, you know, few rounds out there. But I want to see in the middle those two guys go head to head with each other because they are matching up really, really well. Now, one of the surprises was, and I have to give, you know, complete, you know, really props to Steve Weinberg. He worked these guys and you know what, he could have just made a quick call. And I don't think we would have seen what we saw here at the end and that last call up because a lot of guys work their way up. Errs, a calisinski really, really impressive. You know, he wasn't in that group initially and they moved him, moved him and finally he moved into that, you know, what I would call maybe the fourth position, you know, that seems to be up for grabs. Also, Ramon Roka from Brazil who works with Chris Asido also in that fourth position potentially. So those two guys battling out, and then of course you got Alex Cabernero who is, you know, probably has the nicest shape on stage, but not as much muscle as some of these other guys. You really, there's no flaws in the guy. The guy's conditioning is perfect. So I think it's going to be Cabernero, Errs, Calisinski, and then Ramon Roka battling for that fourth spot. And that would be fourth, fifth, sixth, I guess. And so, you know, it was really a good classic physique pre-judged. And you know, after last nights, you know, men's open, everything is kind of like not as good because we're used to seeing these big monsters on stage and then we go down to classic, which is beautiful. But you know, you still, you keep saying, maybe we need to see more muscle on these guys, but then you forget it is about proportion and these guys can only weigh so much. So I say, Bumstead, a clear first place here, Breon and Ruff Diesel battling for second and third and then Errs, Calisinski, Ramon Roka, the new guy, so to speak on the block with Alic Cabernero, who's a seasoned veteran battling for that fourth, fifth, sixth position. What'll happen? I don't know. We'll find out later tonight. I say Bumstead is a shoe-in for the win.