Happy Tuesday here at Muscle in the Morning on Day of Columbus. Today is July 17, 2018. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. As they say tough times, it will make tough people. And after more than two decades in the industry, I can honestly say that I haven't met too many people, tougher than 2018, thank Hoover Pro, to 12 winner, Mama D'Aurah. Two weeks after his huge win north of the border, the former two-time Kennedy National champ, released a new photos, that give his fans a good look at what a truckload of post show carbs and water can do to a body. In case you missed it, we did a great interview with D'Aurah a few weeks ago. That's a must-watch TV. That is new winners interview is up as well at the RXMuscle.com website. One of the worst parts about being an entrepreneur is the constant itch in the back of your brain. It tells you, someone out there is probably working harder than you right now in this very moment. But when you're putting in the kind of work that women's physique stand out, shruronic a hint in is, there isn't too much time left in the day to sit around and worry about what everyone else thinks. For the weekend we saw a team Henten drop a short clip from one of their latest back training sessions as the potential championship threat starts to head into phase two of her Olympia prep. As far as we can tell, Henten looks like she's on a mission to make the judges call her name when they finally sit down to announce the first call out. And if she can manage to get it in by to the party, you'd never know which way the score cards might swing once things start to get rolling. According to the Ancient Japanese code of the samurai, being loyal, courageous and honorable, were the big three personality traits you needed if you wanted to be a warrior. I don't know about you guys, but I sure would hate to be on the other side of the battlefield if I knew I had a face off against women's physique superstar Jennifer Taylor. Last year's Olympia runner-up has been in full-scale prep mode for the better part of three months now, as she gears up for a return trip to the Oralines Arena to come back and take care of a little unfinished business. Even with last year's top two finish inter-pocket, this year's lineup feels like an entirely different animal in more ways than one. So if she really wants to make that final jump up to championship status, now it would be the time to buckle up and get ready for a long fight. The race to fill the vacated fitness Olympia crown is probably one of the most under-reported stories in the entire bodybuilding industry right now. But nine weeks from now, I'm sure a long time veteran Bethany Wagner wouldn't mind one bit if she was asked to step in and fill that vacancy. Late last week, Wagner was spotted knocking out some high volume upper body action out at her home base in Bridgewater, New Jersey, where she's been out there training like a complete animal in hopes of becoming the next woman in a long line of generational champions to earn the title, Miss Fitness Olympia. From the minute she stepped onto the division, Wagner has been one of the truly elite fitness talents in the pro league. So come September 15th, don't be surprised if you end up hearing her name announced as the next in a line to take over in this suddenly wide open fitness division. I remember sitting in the press pit last year looking at the classic physique Olympia line up and thinking to myself that the race for the top two literally felt like a coin toss. And believe you me, no one knows how close that race was better than 2018 runner up. Chris Bumstedt, with his second career Olympia now less than three months away, Bumstedt and his team looked like they're pulling out all the stops as they start to head down the back half of this year's prep. According to my people close to the source, the 20-something superstar feels as good as he possibly can at eight weeks out from the biggest show of his career. And if he shows up even 2% better than he was a year ago, that might be all takes to get him over the hump and solidify his status as the new king of the division. That does it to yet another edition of Muscle in the morning. On day, Columbus reminding you to always be true to your passions and they should have followed us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.