Welcome back to live with Rothier by Species Nutrition. Visit speciesnutrition.com. I'm Dave Palombo and today's guest is the champion and classic physique of the IFB Tampa Pro Show. The man I'm talking about is Henry Pierre and no welcome. I'm sorry. That's it. You just won the first Pro Show. You go into the Olympia. You've got to be thrilled. I want to hear some more enthusiasm. I got it. I'm in the show guys. You better come check out one of the best physique you've ever seen on stage. I deal with you. Is that better? That's better. Much better. 2015 you won the Canadian Nationals in Bodybuilding. Turn pro. A lot of people were talking about you as the next coming. You always had that classic look to your physique. Did you ever think you would drop down to classic physique division and compete in that or because you were a bodybuilder your whole life? Well, actually it's pretty, it's full of dimension that cause obviously yeah I was a bodybuilder always been a bodybuilder. Never thought about being something else. Dad had bodybuilder. But back in 2011 I participated in the Mr. Universe. The world called the fire. I'm at the rear of the IFPDA League and there was back then even a classic physique division. And my height was 61 plus and I had to be 225 on stage. Which is clear. Yeah, which is clear. Something unattainable for me something that would never go down to. So I never thought about going back to classic. Right. So you compete in it as a pro a couple years. You never really won anything big. All of a sudden they decide they're going to raise the IFPB pro classic physique weight limits within each height by 10 pounds. And all of a sudden now you go from impossible to make weight. Now all of a sudden there's a real reality there. But yeah, I don't know if you saw yourself as a classic. And what made you make that final decision to say, you know what? Let's do this. I know you work with Chris and Cito was Chris involved in this decision or did you make this yourself? No, I think it was on my part. First the main reasons you could I took a long time off this year and the off season took seven month off. And I was about to get back into the group and I wanted to do a show this year. I didn't want to take a year off. Right. So I was looking at this schedule of the season. I was looking at the show that we left. And I had no time really to do my regular off season prep and on that at the same time, which was a good timing. And all this that day, like you said, raised up the class by 10 pounds, which should bring up my class to 204 pounds last year, same time on stage in for the 10 pro. I was to 49 on stage. So 9 pounds away. So yeah, at that point I thought to a couple of Chris, we talked about it. Things like it should be really attainable for you. And I think the physique that I present, the aesthetic that I have matches also the category, because you have a lot of bodybuilders doing the switch. And in my mind, I mean, if you're on a class seat, your physique has to turn the sword match, you know, the category. Just being a bodybuilder doesn't mean you want to go class because you fit the weight, has to fit the load the posing and the aesthetic of the classic physique. I'm going to make a controversial statement right now. I feel, and you'll probably, I have a feeling you're going to agree with me. You were, you were, you almost took a whole year off. I mean, you, you, you, you literally prepared for the Vancouver Pro show in nine weeks. I know Chris, tell me and I know you can firm that with me. You came in fourth. I, believe it. And I, Chris, and I thought you should have won that show. I think you were greatly overlooked at that event. Was that an upsetting, you know, placing for you? Honestly, that that, it was a toughest prep in my life. We rushed that prep really two hours of cardio a day. It was good for social media. Yeah. But I mean, I was, I was sucking it up all kinds. So I think I showed up maybe at age percent, which is maybe to the max of the shape that I usually the package that I'd bring. So I think it was a bit off. I think I could play a good place better in my opinion. But I mean, you know, I was just a bit, it was, it was really rushy all that prep going there for my season. And then we took boom on stage. I was really quick. Because it's something that we're taking note and that's not going to happen again in my book. No. I'm glad you said it because the, here comes the controversial part and say, but I don't even think you're your best that I've seen. I think you could be way better than what we've seen already. And I think if the Olympia, you're going to finally hit that peak form that we've seen from you in the past. Yeah, sure. I mean, I think it looked pretty good in Tampa. Chris was putting satisfaction. We almost nailed it closer to 100. But like you said, I mean, that's phase that if I come to you digging, if I keep going, I'm going to improve and get better. And this is what will, will schedule in here. And some more definition, it's called more artists because it's, it was a toughest part for me here as to come down from a way that music and beat at which is like usually 50 to 55 on stage. Looking full as, you know, as it's how looking hard rock. And then coming down 10 pounds, even 12 pounds less in this thing condition, the same look, this is what's hard for me right now to just target since it's my first year. But I think we did a very good job in Tampa Pro and they guess we'll be better. Yeah. What do you have to weigh on stage for the Olympia? Sorry. What is your weight? What's the maximum weight you can weigh on stage? 240. I cannot pass before you. I'm the weigh-in and then thank you very, very, very, to 38 at the weigh-in at tempo. All dressed up. And I'm in Long's leave and I'll full of jolly pants. I step on this, get on it. I was 28.6. So there's still a bit of room. Thank you. Right, right, right. Well, I think you got a good shot in anyone. It's amazing because I'm seeing so many great Canadian classic physique guys. It's like you guys have them all up there between Reagan and Chris Bumstead and yourself. And, you know, there's a whole host of them. Where are all these physique's coming from? We've never seen this in the history of Canadian bodybuilding. All of a sudden, everyone's coming out of the woodwork up there. You guys got something in the water or something? Yeah, I mean, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a year that's filled up with Canadian young. Yeah, we forgot to mention there was staying in Watson also coming in. There'll be a Mac, Moot, Mac, Moot, Mac, Moot, Mac, Moot, Moot. Montreal, here, that's also quite right coming here. In, yeah, Bumstead's sister go qualify the same time. She wanted to enjoy the category as well. That's right. So yeah, and this is this is physique. I mean, I, I'm kind of all this guy. And the league where it comes to, you know, those type of generation. And I mean, Chris was competing in national and it looks like it was just being failure away in the line of bodybuilders. Because it's just, you know, and I feel, I feel the way he was feeling before. Because we always hear the same comment. You're tall, you're lacking mass, you're not big enough, you're not hard enough. But you show up, but everybody's going to tell you, you have the nicest shape. Everybody won your shape, but you're missing mass and you're lacking our rug definition and all that. So you kind of, you know, staying at that stage. And for him, I think classic just open an enormous quantity of opportunity for him, just to explore in the years at the top of his game right now. All right. I'm going to ask your point, like, can you win the Olympian this year? If I can win the Olympian, I believe I can totally win the Olympian classical music that, yeah, this year, I'm going to say yes. Because, you know, confidence myself, I trust the people that I work with. But I mean, you know, it would be really for me a great, a great accomplishment and great surprise as well. If I win the Olympian for me, I'm not expecting the voter and winning. I'm expecting the voter and placing top five that's the goal right now. But that's as many objectives if I win the show will be just, uh, actually there. What now you're telling me why you can win show. Why are you going to beat, you know, the guys like Bumsted and Brianna and what's better about your physique? Tell me. Everybody compares me a lot to Bumsted, but I think in my book, I don't see Bumsted as much just as Brianna because Brianna and a lot of people on the estimates, uh, the rules and the pointers what we look at that when we look at classic physique. Bumsted is a very, uh, call structure, uh, telling, you also hold a lot of elegance, but he's a tall guy does good vacuum. It mimics me a lot of like, you know, Arnold Schwarzenegger person on stage, you know, uh, type of thing. But Brianna, my book is a bit more dangerous. Brianna has more dense muscle definition legs we deeper as huge legs. That has a huge leg. If you're the student person in the definition, you know, uh, he's also a very natural type of guy on stage. You feel as low, you feel that you stare at the guy's got a kind of fun on stage. You know how to pose and I, I, I, I, I, I given a lot of props for that. And this is what I like. You can buy it over. So you might vote for me. I would say that I have more a bit more aesthetic look that Brianna, I also think that my body and the way my aesthetic is is preparing out to the way what it floods the striation or deeper than you see on Brianna as well. If I can just raise up a bit my leg game to matches insertion and the condition of legs, I think I can give them a good run from this money. Yeah. Well, you look great this past weekend. You got to be proud of yourself. You, you won the show. You earned the invite to the Olympia stage. What does it mean to you have to all these years of training, you know, and trying to, you know, be the best body, believe you can be. And now you're finally going to stand on that Olympia stage. Yeah. Well, I mean, now for me, it's just to bring all my egging to the middle of level. I'm going to try to do the best routine that I have it did. I'm going to try to show up there in the best condition. I'm going to push myself up to the max. So I'm going to get all the tools that I have. I could say around me and all the support also because winning a show, first I'm going to approach all the other opportunities, a lot of people approaching them. You need to catch up and you need to capitalize on these. And I mean, you need to be disciplined. This is something that I was lacking before. I've always been very easy for me competing, you know, routine. I never practice in my life. I always show up freestyle on stage. Some people be so impressed by that. But this is, I think, how if you're buddy, whether you say what I need when you like the full, we like to be on stage in your comfortable, just being on stage, puts a music pose. It's a part of us, you know. So I'll have fun. And I'm trying to put up the best show that I can, but I'll put some more hard into it more than ever yet. I'm glad you mentioned it because that was my next question. You appear to me to have such a genetic gifts. But sometimes, you know, you take them for granted. Do you think earlier in your career, maybe you didn't give 100% because you didn't really need to, you were beaten guys just on your genetic potential. And now that you see you're so close to that Olympia title, you're hungry or now, maybe you're working harder. Yeah, let me just let me tell you first what was buddy, I think, for me before when I started, buddy, the thing for me before competition was describing to the gym three months trial, three months diet, doing the show goodbye, sooner or later. That's what I was doing for the five years here, buddy, building that I was, I was training, dieting, three months prior, any show and start training at that moment. So for me, it was always very easy to tell, I had the national level. Then I started a little off season and then when I came pro, I've seen what, you know, the word professional means, means being, being disciplined, means working hard all year around, I mean that's your job and you have to represent it. So yes, now that I'm, I'm at the four year of the third year pro, now I'm going to Olympia, I have no choice to respect that and I have no choice to respect the game. And this is why either I qualify or not, if I play the way to up five off season, no off season, I'm going to take the all year and focus on the all year each day, each hour, each minute of each day to capitalize, to make sure I do whatever it needs to be done, to be the best on stage in the world. Yeah. Well, congratulations on the huge win and the Olympia qualification. It will be an interesting battle out there, adding another great name to the list. Anyone you want to thank out there? Of course, I mean, the most definitely Chris was a seat of spin, fantastic for me, especially the tempo. I was coming to see my room, every three hours, Chris, thank you all. I would be here with you. I also have my sponsors, Nitu Balex, fit menu that have been supporting me since day one. My journey here in La Valle Montréal, I planted Jim La Valle Montréal. Thank you all my supporters, people and Instagram, having a ton of love. Even more sense of back-sweet can. I'm just grateful for that in really humble towards everybody that's supporting me. Well, once again, congratulations. Well, for victory, you look great. I'm excited. I'll be out there in Vegas to get to see you up on that classic physique stage and we'll see how you battle out with the top guys in the class. I guess you got a couple weeks to kind of just chill. Are you going to take some time off before you start the Olympia prep? Are you going right into it? Well, I mean, it's a great coincidence. I'm here for a place. I'm in Fort Myers right now. So when we still go, oh, you are, Sunny. Yeah. Why did you come to my studio, lazy bastard? Oh, I mean, I know you got your boat. How did you do it in Fort Myers? You're in Fort Myers? I'm wearing Cape Coral right next to you two minutes away. Oh, gosh. Yeah, well, we didn't even fall. Certainly, if I was by after a certain, for sure. Yeah. What are you doing there? I'm in Fort Myers here for two, three days. I mean, I have a place here in Phiddlesticks, Country Club here. And so my goal is come after 10 plus, spent two, three days a year to go to Spawn and then Jordan though. I know. I know. Next year, you'll have to come down here. Or if you're in this area, we'll have to get you into the studio here. So we can get in life's in studio interview with Henry P.R. Who knew you were right down the block from us, right? In turn at world, that. There you go. Well, enjoy your little vacation and good luck on the Olympia Prep and we'll be rooting for you. Thank you, Dave. Thank you. All right, and that's going to take us to the end of another episode of Live With brought to you by Species Nutrition. Visit speciesutrition.com. I'm Dave Palombo. We'll see you next time.