Old School Body Building Clothing Company. If it's been 3.5 hours since you last ate protein, now you're starting to freak out, you are old school. If watching someone sit on a hammer machine for five minutes between sets playing with their phone, pisses you off, you are definitely old school. OSBBC.com for the hardest training athletes. Welcome back to Live with, on day polombo. Today's guest is the 2021 IFBB Miami Muscle Beach Classic Physic Pro Champ, Zee Ganderus at only 24 years of age. Welcome to the show and big congratulations. Thank you. 25, but close. Wait, it doesn't matter. You just turned 25? Last year, it's just a number though. That's the thing, it's been a long time. I'm going to show you the show right here today and looking forward to answering some questions and going from there to get it. I'm actually more excited to actually see that big try into one. I always love when the promoters come up with unique trophies. This is always one of something like this. I don't have a sword or something like something I can actually hold onto. A trophy. This is a great picture on your Instagram. You're proposing with that. The funny thing is that God, you actually live in Miami because I don't think you could have brought that on an airplane. I know man. So, you know, it was crazy. When I went to when I got my pro-card in 2019 that they'd be seen as close. Right when I was packing up for the flight, I'll leave in the RB and be. I have everything set up. I placed my trophy on my briefcase and I went to get settled basically. You'll take a shower, you know, get ready and I fell off my briefcase and broken half. Yeah, man. So, it just fitted in there and, you know, yeah, man. Definitely, it could do some damage though. Oh, yeah, it looks like it's not like plastic. That's like serious, real, right? Oh, yeah. It's definitely, you look like a chocolate man. You look like a chocolate man. You want to do like a pose, you want to like, you know, get yourself spray, spray paint to look like an aquaman and do like some kind of a photoshoot with that thing. Yeah, yeah. I definitely want to take some cool pics with this. I'd be pretty cool. I didn't think about that. All right, so you 25 years of age, you know, you've been training for about 10 years now. You've only been bodybuilding really well for about four years as far as competition goes. You won the 2019 NPC Nationals. That's where you got your pro card. I don't think a lot of people saw you coming. I think you caught me by surprise. I didn't, you know, when I saw the pictures, Chris Cito, both of us were really impressed with the way you looked in this win. But I don't think anyone would have ever predicted that you were going to come in there and dominate that show like that. Yeah. So, you know, you know, my mindset is basically, I like to stay low-key. So, you know, obviously when you, you show up, you know, you kind of just, you kind of know in a way what your competitions like. But to be honest, since I ever started competing, I did my first show. I was 22. And then from there, you know, I've always, you know, my motto is, you know, stay humble, but hungry. I never really cared about the competition. I was coming there and I always just kind of show up and basically be the best I can be in that way about anybody else. And, you know, I'm not putting myself on blast and, you know, say, oh, I'm a win this. I'm a win that. Because everybody's out there grinding. And so, I'll tell you this one thing. You did New York pro. And I remember seeing you on stage because I commented to Chris, we did the analysis of the show that I thought you were, you know, you were not standing straight on as much you were like, kind of like three court of turning. And I thought you were losing him. You're with that way. And I think, you know, maybe Danny, you and Edge, you out that way. Because he was, you know, his posing presentation was really good. It seems like you corrected that for this Miami muscle beach show. But I was very impressed with your conditioning at that New York pro. I mean, between you and Danny, you know, and you told me you didn't even prep for that. You could have flipped the coin. I don't think anyone would have complained with you would have show as well. Was that a disappointment? Was that an encouragement when you, when you play second? It was, it was definitely, it was definitely an encouragement. I could say, you know, being able to stand up to some of the, you know, top athletes in the world. And especially, you know, Danny has, he's a Olympian four time now. We'll put those out. You know, basically, I took that as a, hey, I'm up here. And we're just going to make improvements and get to where we need to get to. And I was actually prepping for the New York pro. Really what made me do the New York pro was a, basically, move from North Carolina to Florida, like Willis, to Florida. And from Willis, to Florida, I went out to Orlando to do a photo shoot at the Iron Religion and then I spoke with my fiance and my sponsor in they said, you know, the New York pro was about 10 days away. So, I basically, it was like, you know what, I look pretty good in these shots. You are, you are, you are ready. I mean, you wouldn't know what would say you weren't ready for that show. No way. Yeah, I was, I was definitely like, you know what, we can pick for it. Conditions on point. We just got to, you know, make sure, peak week some point and go from there. I was pretty tired, man. You know, doing all these shoots and traveling, you know, back and forth. And the one thing is, like, I've always like tried to practice routine and get me more fluent in, you know, just to display more physique. And I can say that I didn't even practice any type of routine. Honestly, I just always really focus on the manateories. Very good at the manateories. Really. You have, you flexed the story. The thing that I, excuse me, the thing that I just want to stop you for a second, because the one thing that I found very impressive is that you know how to flex every single muscle group. You have very good body awareness on stage, which a lot of guys who are kind of new to the sport don't have, but you are able to flex everything at the same time and that's something that once again, I don't know if that's because you practice a lot or you just have just a good mind muscle connection. But you absolutely know where your body is in space on that stage. Yeah. Yeah. I definitely feel it, especially getting more experience. I can tweak some poses like, you know, the side chest. I can keep my chest up more and create less openings between my arms and little things like that, you know, with my legs. I can, you know, like you mentioned, you know, staying more of three quarters, you know, that will actually cause you to lose some width on your thighs and your legs, you know, overall just a quad to, you know, the X-frame. So, you know, just things and, you know, always you stand out to the side with one of my legs and then for that show, you know, I wanted to try something to look a little more classic. So I kept my foot in front and kind of created more of a classic look versus like, you know, creating more of a mass look. So that's probably why he beat me in a way because he's more mature and he was able to start more because he had, you know, a little bit more separation in some areas. I think what happened was what you were doing is you were now wearing yourself by putting that foot in front of you rather than after the side. So you weren't looking what I'm showing you true width, which I think you have a tremendous width on stage. Yeah. Yeah. And I actually got some feedback from out, you know, the head judge, Tyler Manion, you know, he basically was just like, you know, a little bit more quag width and back density and that's kind of, you know, overall, you know, obviously you want to improve everything, but that was one of the key points and then the posing, you know, obviously comes, you know, with, you know, experience and practicing. But those are things that really need to work on and especially like for my class, you know, that density is going to be, you know, E. Look, conditioning when shows and you got, you're finishing and spades and, you know, Danny Union is a season, you know, plastic guy. He's a top, you know, six Olympians. So, I mean, that has to be pretty encouraging for you that you kind of pushed him to limit there because Danny is a really good at this show. So I have to think that you're going to be in that top seven conversation all day long, you know, come Olympia time. I feel like I have a rare, really good chance of, uh, turning some heads there and definitely improving in these next, you know, 17, 16 weeks and really stay tuned in to my body and really feed it and train, you know, the way it needs to be trained and just, you know, add that muscle to that area without going to, you know, my wake cap, which is 1952. What do you mean? I feel like I show. For Miami, actually came in a little bit fuller versus the last two shows, the last two shows New York and Milwaukee, I came in at 188. I could have got down a little bit lower, but like I started filling out Thursday night, just slowly, slowly, always clean, carb, never. I never go out, eat a cheap meal like burger and fries, like, you know, that stuff always weigh all my stuff out and really just taper it in through day and taper it into the night, you know, and then, you know, I don't do no crazy stuff, man. That's where people go wrong. It might work for some people, but I like to keep it consistent, you know, because if I have to adjust some things or, you know, I don't want to spill over and you have to think that classic is not really, it's about size, but you have to be dry, you have to be lean, aesthetic, look, you can't have your stomach, not just in food when you're on stage because it's going to blow out, you know. So I always try to get fast, fast, adjusting food that's going to work for me versus something my body's not used to and have an eight and several weeks, you know. Yeah, I think you have, but you've got to use what works for yourself. I mean, obviously you guys don't just all of a sudden, you know, do things that they've never done. You test it out, you know, weekends and advance, you know, you do tap runs and you obviously know what works for your body, what doesn't work. I think that's why people always ask, you know, you know, what to do and I'm always like, well, you know, what did you do if it didn't work, then try something else. If it didn't work, then stick to what works, you know, you don't try to reinvent the wheel if you don't need to, you know. Exactly. And that's where people go wrong. They try to do all these little trips and, you know, little like, additives and like, all of me, you know, two things, a peanut butter and rice cakes, sugar, honey, like, you know, like, if you come in, just keep it consistent up until like, you know, last couple of days, really monitor everything, you know, even the salt, you know, even getting down to that, you know, sauces like you have to monitor everything and don't really overthink it because let me start overthink and stuff. You start stressing and it's really good. Yeah. Do you have your work with someone? So basically, you know, pretty much, I've always been self coached. I did have a coach that coach me for the NPC Nationals, which coach me for the last two shows, which was New York and Milwaukee. Okay. I reached out to him because, you know, I kind of needed a little bit more mentorship and a little bit more monitoring, you know, and he helped me, he helped me get my pro-card, you know, he's last two shows and then, you know, moving forward, he was like, hey, I want you to take a break. And I was like, soon they'll walk off me and walk you, show the stage, I emailed I FPV and I was like, hey, I want to register for Miami because the next day I was actually going to move there. And I was like, no, why not? Like, why not try to like keep, you know, so week away. And he's like, I want you to take a break. I'm not going to cut you for the show. You're on your own. So he's like, okay. So you know, I was like, all right, all right. All right, all of a sudden, you live right there. Why not do it, right? It's not like you. I mean, like, it was in now trying to make my name here, you know, I want to try to be able to, you know, get myself out there and it's a very great opportunity. Just like you said, you were kind of surprised or wasn't to need people that competed. Yeah. So, you know, in this crazy, like, the guy that beat me that played second and the walkie was there too, as well. Oh, wow. Oh, okay. Yeah. So I ended up he got second and, you know, came in. I got, got first. So it's all about, you know, the time and play. So I was there. I showed up and I came in fuller. Yeah. And that's what they wanted. So that's what I mean. I think it's important. Yeah, I think it's important to compete more often, especially in early in your career, because stage experience is something that you, you know, you can't buy that, you know, you have to just experience it. And I think that, you know, like you said, just the way you present your physique, let these different judges look at you, give you feedback so that you can perfect your look so that when you get to an Olympia stage or an Arnold classic stage, for instance, you can do well, you know, and you can dominate there, right? Because it's a learning experience. You do one show. You really sometimes don't even learn that. But I know guys that have won, done one show. They won their class. They won the show. And then they think that they're perfect. And they show up at the Olympia and they get, they get slammed because they just really don't have enough experience. It was just kind of like a lucky show they want to, you know? Yep. And it's crazy. You know, and you know, one thing that I've always never really done was, you know, never really actually went up to the judges for their feedback. Right. I'm just, you know, looked at myself and be like, all right, this is what I need to improve on. Sure. But the last three shows, they, you know, it's kind of crazy how we kind of linked up on, you know, met Tyler, you know, post show. I went to the bathroom, you know, he was in there. And we kind of talked about what we needed to improve on. And then Milwaukee, I was actually going back in there to the venue because I missed play something. And as I was coming through, the head judge was like, hey, I got something for you because he had, you know, obviously the checks for the, you know, the winnings. And he's like, hey, you know, here's some feedback. And he said, you know, he'd get a little bit more arms, a little bit more legs. And then the judges from the, uh, listening tray, he, uh, he told me for the Miami show. He said, uh, don't hide your legs. Hit more front shots. Right. Um, everything else, you know, pretty much looks good. Yeah. Um, you know, that's pretty much what I got. And so all these little things, I'm going to, you know, improve on. So moving forward, I know what I need to do. And like I'm going to revert back to what you said. I actually do have a coach now. Pretty well known in the industry, uh, Adrian, his team name is cuts. Um, so he's definitely going to stay on point with me. He's got a lot of Olympic athletes on his team. And, you know, I take the series just like he does. He lives this in that's his lifestyle. And, uh, you know, we really, really got a good playing going so far. Um, you know, obviously coming off a show, you're going to rebound. So we're going to, you know, keep that under control. Um, and then moving forward, we're just going to slowly increase the food. And, uh, you know, stay healthy in the process. Man, it's all about longevity. And this is part of two. You got to, you really, really got to be healthy. Um, you know, so this is how we're approaching things and, uh, it's going to take it, you know, every, every week, you know. And even like every three days, like I'm checking in with him. So I'm just making a cheer. I'm going to point. Right. Um, really the key thing is that diet and the training, you know, like a lot of people get it wrong. They get it twisted like, it doesn't matter what you take. Man, like if you don't have those two things, you ain't doing nothing. And, you know, and that's where people go wrong. Like they just think about, you know, all these little, you know, shortcuts. There's no shortcut for hard work. So you got to put it in, man. Hey, men to that man. Yeah, you got to look. We know food builds muscle training. The gym builds muscle, uh, the supplements, the, the gear. And that kind of is just like a little bit of an enhancement. But if you don't have your training and your eating down and you're not resting enough at night, getting your recuperation, you know, you know, you got it. Nothing, your body's never going to change. And I see people all the time. Well, I know guys from the gym, they have not changed for 30 years. I've seen them in the gym. They've never changed. They all take year and they all think, suburbally, bodybuilding lifestyle, but they never look any different. Because, you know, they're not doing things the right way. They don't have the eating down. They miss the hills. You know, they, they don't, the training is pretty good. But they don't really push too hard in the gym. Because, you know, they're kind of, they're too busy socializing. And that's, that's most people who work out right there. You just, you know, there are a few people who will push it, you know, to the limit. And, you know, that's what it takes to be the best. And, you know what? You are the best in Miami. And, you're going to be going to the Olympia this year. That's a huge, huge pat on your back. And I want to wish you the best to lock up there. It's crazy, man. You know, when I first started competing, I never saw myself up there. I wouldn't be honest with you, man. I always did it because I competed because it was a competition with them. Myself versus like, oh, I have a dream to go to the Olympia. No, I basically did it because I loved it. I love this lifestyle. I love the passion that, you know, it drives me every day. And one of the quotes that actually learned recently was, you know, results driven, passion fueled. So, you know, that's how I live in a way as well. And also kind of my motto is like, stay humble, but hungry. So, you want to always, you know, basically, you know, where you come from and the people to support you and, you know, where do you're at today? You know, you want to give things. You don't want to be in grateful and, you know, you obviously, you know, everything can be taken away. So, you got to make sure that, you know, you can't your blessings and, you know, you live day by day. And also the hunt, man, that you guys stay hungry. You know, what do we do when we go out? You know, animal goes out to go get food. He's on the hunt. So, you got to be careful, you know. You basically just, you just got to apply those things every day and know that, you know, you just do what you love and things will come and things will come in. I can go on a really big story on, you know, this, how me and my fiance met, you know, it was actually through my old coach. And this is what job I mean today too. A lot, a lot of, a lot of, a lot of passion is job me closer to her. We met through my old coach on that hand back in 2017 at a local show. He does like the tanning booths on ends for the lead performance tanning things. Yeah, he's a pro tan. And once we're short, he was coaching her at the time. And I saw a picture her on his page, Instagram and I was like, wow, you know, she looks beautiful. I clicked on her on her story. And she was kind of like talking about, you know, her experiences and stuff like that. And one of her things that she said that really stuck to me was like, you know, you try to adopt somebody's personality to fit your home and I just like, wow, you know, that's what I'm going to do right now. You know, with my past relationship, you know, like I said, you know, when I turned pro, I just kind of like pushed all my body building everything away. And I should have looked at it at a different level, like a professional level and I didn't and COVID and all that stuff happened. But I was always put down and, you know, long story short, I threw a little emoji 100 signed to her and we just kind of like started talking and vibe and I was backing up September. And you know, here we are today, man, we're like closer than ever. We've been through a lot and we're going to keep them through a lot. We're actually creating our own platform and trying to help people. So it's really going to be really big and her name is a friend Jessica. She's Italian. She's actually going to do her first well. This competition here in Florida at the Melchancy Show. And I'm actually, you know, coaching her for that. So, you know, I'm going to give her a shout out her. Her Instagram is there. That's what you're talking about. That's what you're talking about. It's amazing how the, the, I always call the meaningful coincidences how you meet people and how things happen. If you had to work with that coach, you wouldn't have been met the girl. Things don't happen for, you know, for bike. Do. By chance. Everything is got. Great. Something. Helogen design behind it. And, you know, you got to just kind of follow you knows. And it'll take you in the right place. And I'm glad you guys met and I'm glad you guys are doing well together. And that's, that's awesome. Great story. Yeah, man, it's crazy, man. And like I said, it's a long story. But I may give you the brief, man. And it's, it's, it's, it's a blessing. It's a very, you know, once you find somebody that you truly know that they're there for you. And, you know, that they're going to be there for no matter what, you know, you can't let them go. And you can't be, you can't be ungrateful for it. You know, you, you, you really got to take the time to appreciate, you know, what somebody is giving you. And I can tell you right now, I would not be in this position today without her. Because she, like I said, she's pushed me. And the people that supported me, you know, I have a very good sponsor. He's actually definitely, you know, put me in the position where I need to be. He's, he's paid for my show of tans. My show fees, air fair food. Everything that's, you know, brought me to this level. He's even, uh, came to the, you know, you know, like putting a roof over my head to where I can compete, you know, be able to live this lifestyle without him. I will be here today either. So, um, big shout out. His name is actually, uh, Barack DeWare on Instagram. Um, so, uh, he's, he's definitely blessed to me. So I'm not gonna, you know, give him any, you know, you know, uh, I can't say nothing, you know, he's got a lot of, whatever, but never with me. So big shout out to him. Uh, you know what, the people that support us, you, you got to show gratitude towards because everyone, you know, has different people who are behind them that make them the person they are. You're girlfriend, obviously, you, you, you, you, you're sponsored. You have a support team. That's important. And, uh, like I said, you did what you had to do. You're gonna be at the Olympia. And hopefully we're gonna see you in that top five call out. And, uh, you know, we're gonna hear a lot more from Zika Andrews in the future. And I appreciate you joining us here in your story with us. Yes, sir. Definitely an honor man. And, uh, like I said, we, uh, you know, we moved forward and just seen me progress through the, um, through the week. So I'm definitely, you know, also have the honor of training with, uh, OG Rich Good Sparta too. So, hey, you know, I'm saying like you guys, I'm sure you guys know each other. So, you know, it's a small world. So I'm definitely gonna, I'm gonna keep living it. And, uh, looking forward to coming back here again. And doing this, maybe I looked a little bit different next time a little bit more Jack. But, uh, Zika Andrews are, uh, Miami Muscle Beach Classic Pro Champ and, uh, with that great try and, uh, a little jealous of, but maybe one of these days I'll get one. We can go, we can go, uh, we can link up. Let's go, let's go have a little, uh, Just, I'll go man, party. I'm just gonna get you some spear fishing my backyard. So yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. All right, good, congratulations and we'll see you at the Olympia. Thank you, man. Appreciate it. Uh, that's gonna take us the end of another episode. I'm Dave Palumbo with Zika Andrews. We'll see you next time. Good interview, Zika. Thanks, man.