Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Food Expo, there's 30 year in a row, and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry. It's a low-car hot tart, we've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love this show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to Muscle in the Morning, I'm Dave Palombo, and today is Tuesday, August 25th, 2020, and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. The last week or so you haven't been able to watch, read or listen to anything news related without hearing about the ongoing saga with the US postal system. But since the news, and my mailman are both totally unreliable, I've been shifting my focus towards Cody Montgomery, because at least I know he can deliver. A few days ago, a video surface of Cody crushing a huge squat session where he knocked out a clean eight reps with 545 on the bar. For the most part, this has been the norm for Cody in the gym lately, and it seems like he's been in a really solid group for a while now. And as we've seen in the past, when he's locked and loaded, he has the potential to be as good as anyone in bodybuilding. For most people, taking a close second in one of the biggest pre-contests of the season could be considered a career highlight. But for someone who's wired like the vine Wilson, all second place means is that it's time to work twice as hard to make the next one a win. Despite putting together what might have been his best look of his career in Tampa a few weeks ago, the vinesman back in the lab, cooking up new ways to take his performance at the next level. According to reports, he's already put on a few pounds of quality weight. This is in the process of refining his posing, so he really highlights what he brings to the stage. I think people might have forgotten how good this guy was because he took off all the last year. But if he makes a few small adjustments, I could see him as a potential top-tenalmpia finisher this year depending on how things shake out. For some athletes, there's something that clicks between year one and year two, and then boom, before you know it, they're off to the races. And if you were looking for a dark course candidate to make that leap in men's physique this year, Thomas Cunz might be your number one choice, a source from inside team Cunz says that he's a little more than eight weeks out from his first contest of the season, and they believe that he's already light years ahead of worry was at this point last year. In the two times we saw him last season, he was good enough to crack the top-tenan pitsburg and Romania, which both had pretty solid line up across the board. So if the 2020 version really is light years ahead of worry was last year, the top five finish could easily be in the cards. Cody Robbins says one of the keys to formulating your outcomes is to be a specific as possible when you state your intentions. And at this point, I don't know if Charles Griffin has publicly stated what his intentions are, but I do know that his actions are pretty damn specific. Yesterday, he released a new training clip that showed him smashing a pair of 160 pound dumbbells for reps on the ink line and he made it look way too easy. Last year was a bit of a breakout season for Charles in the sense that he made it to his first Olympia and really established himself as one of the premier athletes in the open division. So as long as he keeps channeling that same energy, I believe that the second time around he can come back even better. And back does it at the end of another edition of Muscle in the Morning on Daypal Unbow Reminding You to Always Be True to Your Passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.