I'm Dave Palombo, founder of Species Nutrition. I created Species Nutrition with one mission in mind. To provide body builders and serious athletes with no nonsense supplements that work and are backed by science. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body. And that lives on in the Species Nutrition line of products. We use only top of the line formulations, toast from maximum results and the best flavoring systems available. I've put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition products. If you want to be your absolute best, join the evolution. Dave Palombo here with an RX muscle, RAND. Alright guys, now I'm really infuriating because I did a rant the other day, probably so it, does anyone want to work anymore. And I pretty much outed my IT company that was installed my server and all my fiber lines here called ProTech. And I basically said, look guys, don't use them. They are very unprofessional. They don't get back to people. They're not, they don't back up their service day to day-to-day due. And they just didn't treat us well. And that was my opinion. And I really didn't do it in a very nasty way or anything. I just didn't in a very mad or faculty way. I tried to contact these guys. They tried to claim that we weren't clients and, of course, we were. So the owner of my who I kind of outed, I didn't want to even say his name. But he actually responded in the thread and I'll put the hook up his response. And he actually emailed me. I guess he wanted to make sure that I saw it. In the case, I didn't notice it in the comments he put up. Obviously, watches are, because I'm glad he does, because you know what? It sucks when you screw over someone who has a really big social media following, because then you get out. And he sent this letter to me to see him out to me. To my wife and I. And he wrote, according to the customer notes, your fiber was installed before 2015. Now ironically, he said that, he hasn't even noticed timeline. Because I didn't move to Florida until November 1st of 2016. I didn't get my fiber installed to February of 2017. So he's over two years off of when he actually installed my my fiber line here in my house. He also neglected the mention that we spent $6200 on the fiber line installation and the server set up and everything like that. And you know what? I had no problem paying it because I wanted a high quality job done and they did do a good job. My problem with them wasn't the work that they did. It was the fact that they didn't want to follow up and service the job that they did. They made it seem like we were some kind of like people walking it off the street. We hadn't spent the penny with them. And how dare we be upset with the fact that they didn't want to service our line after we spent $6200 with them. Not to mention, we spent more money with them on top of that because we've had computer service by them as well. He went on to say, little, little, little. We don't have a service agreement with you or your team, but we have attempted to work with you on several times over the years. I don't know what that means attempted to work with us either. You do it. You know, they didn't because they're too impossible to get them to do anything. You've had our team attempt on a lot multiple machines because your office staff quit. We just couldn't handle your quests, especially since you don't have an SLA agreement. What that means I don't know. All we do is want to hire them to come and do some work for us. Your team was finally denied service because this is this is the best one because day one on a rampage, I want to know rampage at the Cape and our Cape Coral location. This is really funny. The only reason I'm really doing this is because this is I find this hysterical. Our employee Dan W was in fact so frightened by Dave pounding on the stores front and back doors over and over. The Dan couldn't even finish his lunch because he was shaking scared by the event. All right, here's this time for it. So I brought him to keep him computer I dropped off and they said they were going to clean it up for us. We had some viruses on and there's something like that. And so they said, are you come by at noon or something like that and pick up your computer or we'll be ready by then. I said, I think I got there at 1230. So I get there. Now it's a 25 minute ride for my house to get over to this store. The store is locked. I've never seen a business that has business hours from whatever nine to five and they locked their door. Something what's going on. I'm like, I'm a half hour late. There's no one in the store. But they got their office hours. There's got to be so an in here and there obviously was. All right, so I'm not going on the front door. I'm calling my wife and like, I'm in a call the store. I'm like, no one's answering the door. I think they here. I got to see a car out front. She's like, go around the back and go around the back. I'm like, not going to. I'm just going to get a computer pick up my computer. Now, if there was actually someone at the store and he was actually in there eating lunch whenever the case, you're thinking could open up the door and say, hey, you know what? Give me a 20 minutes. I'll eat my lunch and I'll get you to computer. The thing was done obviously because I went back to I think two days later and got or something like that. The thing was done. They were in the store and they didn't open the door. Yeah, I think they claim I went on a rampage. Like, what was they doing? Like, we ate the door with like a hammer. The guy couldn't finish his lunch. I scared him so much. I would, that's the rampage. I would. I would. I would. The funny reason I'm laughing is I was talking to my wife and the phone. So how much of a rampage could I have gone on? She was listening to me. We were like, how we could get these people to open the door? I mean, I don't know if they're in there or not. I said, I, they got to be in there. They said to come by. I'm only like a couple minutes late. Who? She's like, I don't know what they do in there. I said, I don't know. Maybe the guy's in the bathroom or something like that. So I'm like, yo, it chews me. She was. So I traumatized this guy. I thought, I didn't, and put it this way. Maybe if I would have been 320 pounds, I could have seen getting a little scared. I'm hardly intimidated with it now. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Oh my god. So, so sorry, but you're YouTube rant. Only reaffirmed our discovery years ago. I guess that I'm a fucking lunatic, right? If anyone knows, I'm the least violent person you'll ever meet. I don't think I've ever had a single fight in my whole life. All right, we understand you're upset, but your rant is unfounded and unjustified. By the way, we just bought out, and then they they go on to say something about there. They're wonderful. They bought out some business in the yard, which I really could care less about. So obviously, now they want to try to cover for the fact number one that they will not serve us our, that they're not servicing their own work that they did. They believed to be in before 2015, which actually was done in 2017, and they wanted to try to make it seem like the reason they don't want to get back to us is because I traumatized their work so much going to make your computer that they just they don't want to either, they're petrified of me because God is a bit, I'm a nutcase. And obviously, anyone watched the rant, I was hardly anything other than sarcastic than the rant. I hardly showed any signs of violence. I would tend to believe. So these are the people. Now you know why I don't make this stuff up. These people are crazy out there. There's a bunch of freaking lunatics out there who have businesses and they don't add a service people. It just confirms what I said for service. Who the heck shot their business in the middle of the day? Okay, if they tell somebody to come pick a computer up, they see the person outside coming to pick up the computer. They know that I have three kids at home. I don't have a lot of time. I ran out, drove 25 minutes each way to pick up a computer that they said was done. And rather than open the door and say, oh, guy, Dave, he has the computer. They kept the door locked and he was huddled in the room shaking in fear of me knocking on the door and it going around the back and talking on the door to see if anyone was there. This is what I'm talking about. The people that end on that saying it's all people because I got some really good people. I got a sprinkled guy that saw us and I got a plumber guy that saw us and we got a little nutrition guy that saw us. But I got some nut cases out there who, I don't know what kind of business they're running or, how they think that they're what they're doing is good customer service. And this confirms it. This guy posted in the comment section of the video. This lunacy. Ha ha ha ha. All right, if, you know, I don't know if you guys are finding this humor, so you might just think it's ridiculous and you might actually be annoyed by it if you are, I don't even listen to it. It doesn't matter. I need to rent and I need to release my depression because I don't want to go scaring people into being so petrified that they can't even eat their lunch or their dinner or their breakfast or maybe they have to go see a psychiatrist after I stopped by their shot because I'm so insane. Day to number within insane are ax muscle red.