All right, television on rxmuscle.com. This is as Dave better note as hashtag as Dave brought to you by species nutrition visit speciesnutrition.com. I'm your host of the Farouki Viz. Is your 30 minute question an answer show with Dave Plumbo all your questions on diet, training, supplementation, IFBV, pros, news, competitions, whatever's on your mind. It's all on the tables. You now throw today, pull on Bo Dave yesterday, you did a video. I don't know if to call it shocking news, but it was news. Maybe news that some had expected for quite some time that flex Lewis announcing that this Olympia will be his final 212 show. Rumors about of what his plans are going to be in 2020 going forward, but if you want to expand a little upon that for those who haven't seen the video yet. So last week I got a text message from one of the guys who emails me a lot and he's like says this is flexed Lewis's last Olympia. I said, where do you have this? I don't think he heard it from Ian Valier. I don't even know how it was. It was a weird like source like that. I don't know. I said, let me text flex. This flex and I will text each other on occasion. So I flexed some action. He had just texted me earlier that day at question. I said flex, is this your last year is doing the 212? And he's like, oh, rumours rumours don't believe everything you hear is like that. And I said, all right, I kind of dismissed it. And then a couple of days later he posted this on Instagram. So obviously he had known about it. I think he's just burnt out at this point. I don't think it has anything to do with the fact that he wants a quick body building. I think he's just like, you know what? If I win this year at 7 times, I won the Olympia. I can't gain any more weight. I love body building lifting. I'm still a young man. I want to put more size on, but I can't because I can't make the weight. You know, every year I come in and people criticize me because I'm too flat or I don't look the best I look and then two weeks later everyone says, oh, why don't you look like you look like this? No, no, the guys got to make a weight class. So I think what he he figures is he's got nothing left to prove in the 212 anymore. And I think he's going to, he's talking about taking 2 years like night to be until 2020. But I think we'll see him in 19. I think he can easily do an open show and possibly win it. Probably if he didn't want at the end of this year, probably could do it. But certainly by next year he could definitely do it. And I think we're going to see that. I'm glad he know it's exciting. He's the guy kind of guy that's not afraid to lay it on the line. He doesn't like to take the conservative route. He has nothing left to prove. If he never competed again, he has enough businesses to make enough money to support himself. So he doesn't really need that for that. If he's going to compete again, it's going to be because he wants to compete again. And onto his terms. And I think that that's a really good way to do it because that's the way that's the smart way to do it. He's lucky. He's the Olympia champ. He has the ability to do that and he's got money coming in from all his businesses. You know, I actually found out something else. I didn't really realize this because he was asking me about a bearded dragons, which are a type of reptile because he's known as the Welsh dragon. And I said, you really should get, I was giving him to try to get him. It's a snake breeding. I didn't know this. He used to breed birds. He was like 17 years old. Finches and parrachutes and parrots and homing pigeons. All kinds of racing pigeons. He said he was making more money breeding birds than he was from his contractions. He had later life as a body model, which is kind of ironic. So he's a kind of guy that could do it all. That's the time I think I relate well to him. We have the same kind of unusual obsessions that we get into. And I know he was breeding dogs for while he's still my buddy. So I think the flex is a great, great personality in our business. I think he's a good role model. And I think the fact that he's making a decision that this, you know, out of the clear blue sky is going to be good for the business and good for bodybuilding. So again, that video right now at rwsponsile.com and the RX also YouTube channel. Let's go to the questions. The first two questions from the Dave Plumbo experience after the first question. What do you think are the top three questions? Exercise is rather to build intercostals. Would you put, if you could put it in order, which would be the best first, do you think is something we should train? Intercostals are not the external beliefs that we think down here. They're right under your pack muscles. If you get really lean, I'm always leaving. You could see like this three little finger like muscles here that kind of sit across your ribs and they kind of connect the packs. It looks like they connect the packs to the abdominal cavity. And they look really cool when you're in shape. Doring the eight type of huge intercostals. If you remember back in the day when he went into that front last spread, they were just a pop right out. He was a big pull over guy. He used to use that old-nortal machine and do pull over for it. He was convinced that built huge, big lats and gave you better width. Whether that's sure, I don't know, but they certainly definitely work the intercostals up there without a doubt. A lot of people confuse serratus with intercostals. Intercostals kind of rib muscles. The serratus kind of the ones that kind of stick out there that's finger like muscles. The muscles that we're talking about are worked by definitely dumbbell pullovers, machine pullovers, anything we use in a stretch-down position. You're going to see that. Even if you do it like crunches with a rope, you're going to work those muscles to some degree. Should they be worked? I think if they're doing indirectly work through some of these exercises that I just mentioned, I think that's fine. They're not really going to add a tremendous amount of size, you buy it. They may add some detail to your physique. There's no reason to be massively training these things like that. It's its own muscle group. That's a little bit of overkill. Second question again from the Dave Pulombo experience app. Dave, how or what inlipolize for example type? There's a metabolite of olive oil called OEA that has some appetite-suppressing effects, which works pretty effectively. Irving Gia is an herb, also known as African mango, which doesn't curb appetite directly, but what it does is it makes you more sensitive to the hormone leptin. A lot of us have heard the term leptin. Leptin is released after you eat by the brain. It basically tells your body that you're not hungry anymore. It shuts off appetite. Ironically, in people who are very obese, they have the highest leptin levels, which doesn't make sense because you would think, well, if there's a lot of leptin, they shouldn't be hungry. Why are these people eating so much and getting so overweight? The problem is that they're not responding to the leptin. The leptin receptors are not very sensitive. Their body keeps cranking out more and more leptin and their body can't respond to it. What African mango does is it actually sensitizes the leptin receptor to leptin so that you body will shut down your appetite. Those are two ingredients that have an appetite curbing effect. It curbs appetite, but it doesn't make you not want to eat. That's another problem. I think some people, you don't want to not ever want to. I know people who diet, they can't eat, they feel nauseous. It doesn't do that. It shuts down your appetite when you don't eat. If you've eaten something, boom, your brain releases leptin. You respond to it. Appetite is curbed. Let's go to our Instagram questions. First one from Hoodman 521. Dave, why don't guys in girls try to achieve that freaking post show look on stage rather than the flat look? Most people prefer how they look three days after a show in the gym versus on stage. Full hydrated and vascular. It's a that much of a gamble. You know, I would go to the gym like a week after a show and I'd be like 15 pounds heavier. I'd be like 290 and people would be like, yeah, it's right. All the people who don't know anything about competing tell me that. Being blown up in a tank top in the gym and having veins everywhere is not going to win shows. It looks good in the gym. It's freaky. I'm sure to take pictures. It's like, well, this is cool. You put yourself up on stage like that with guys that are shrink wrapped, dry, hard and showing tons of detail. You're going to say that guy is about a week or two out from competition. You might say he looks good, but the people can say he's off. He's a little too full. He's not dry. He's not showing his my detail and graininess. That's there's a difference between a gym look and a stage look. Steve Weinberg once said to me, he goes, in a tank top he goes, you could be Mr. Olympia. He goes, you know, that was a compliment to me. But you know, when I took my shirt off, I didn't have the tiniest ways that it had the greatest tape or I just genetic it structurally. It wasn't that good. But in the gym, what a tank top. You don't see that. Jimmy Quinn too. In the gym, what a tank top. You threw away his Mr. Olympia, it was huge. And that's just life. I mean, and so you have to differentiate between the stage and the gym. There's two different looks and you have to, you can't try to duplicate what you look like in the gym with a pump and do that on stage. It doesn't translate. Good one here from stolen. At the top two, you might want to take a second before you answer it. They've won. Dave and your honest opinion. He's Kevin Lebroni only proved himself wrong with his comeback. Anyone who comes back at over the age of 50 is not wrong and can never be wrong. Make it only be a winner at that point because he came back. He brought a level of muscularity. A lot of people thought he couldn't get back. He raised his popularity through the roof. His followers were insane on social media. He got a generation who never heard of him to understand who he was. Appreciate his legacy. And get a chance to actually see him compete one more time even if he wasn't at his best. So no, I don't think it was a bad mood. Just like I don't think what Flex Wheeler did was a bad mood. Thank God nothing happened with his health and everything like that. He did everything safely. But you gave the fans a chance to see him one more time. Even if it wasn't the way you wanted to see him, at least you'll remember, oh, I've seen Flex Wheeler on stage. A lot of people never got a generation, our generation that's out here and right now that's competing really didn't get that chance to see them. So now they did. So I think those come back to a good for the sport. I don't think necessarily anyone really thought that they were going to, I mean, unsighted for me predicting the love running was going to win the Olympia. I don't think anyone else thought that they were going to do anything. So it added a little bit of excitement for the weekend. Golden physique outside of natural dioretics. How do you combat massive water retention in your ankles? Well, first of all, why are you getting massive water retention in the ankles number one? Now is it because you just got off a show, a contest, and you're rebounding water wise. If that's the case, it's a good idea to say on some dioretics to lose that water, whether they're be a die-side herbal diorics, whatever you want to use. If you're walking around in the offseason with crazy swollen ankles, that could be a problem. You might want to go get yourself checked out. Blood pressure might be too high. You might, your heart may not be pumping efficiently, or you just might be too overweight, which is something that happens as well. And the blood pools down in your legs and it can't get back to your heart. So it's not good. It's once in a while there'd be a little swollen if you get an F and airplane or you're on your feet all day as one thing. When you're walking around with crazy swollen, hitting a team all the time, that's not good. That Tracy life, I'm considering getting a colon hydrotherapy two weeks out, yes or no. Once got a colon, I was about two weeks after my show. I felt good for a day, but the problem was that it comes all back again. You can't do it right before a show because it's too irritating to your stomach lining, and something that I'm assuming it's your colon lining, and that could backfire on you. So my answer to that question is I probably wouldn't do it. If you took a fiber supplement, a high potency fiber supplement, like fiber lies, twice a day, you wouldn't need to do a colon because you're constantly cleansing your colon on a regular basis. And the longer you're on a fiber supplement, the less fecal retention you have at all the time. I can't tell you how many people don't empty their colon completely. They think they go to the bathroom on a regular basis. They think they're emptying themselves with their actually retaining a lot of fecal matter, because they just don't have enough fiber in their diet. So once again, try fiber, as I promise you once you try it, you won't ever stop using it, because it's going to be that good for you. Jay Hampo, Dave, I know you're a big advocate of taking time off the gym at least once a year or being on vacation, etc. But how would you deal with the negative psychological or physiological aspects of it, feeling that your body is like crap, you're games, etc. I have to admit, when I was competing, I could never take off two weeks from the gym. I don't, I think maybe once I did it when I had my guy in commas, he removed, but other than that, I just couldn't do it. I just, I like to gym, you know, so I maybe take three, four days off and then I would go back. And that's the one thing I probably regretted. I think if I would have taken more days off, given my body some rest after shows, I probably probably would have benefited to be more. I don't think it would have changed anything, maybe, but maybe it would have, who knows? So I think what you have to understand is that taking days off is not showing weakness, it's not setting you back if it's planned, okay? If you're just one of these guys every other week, you're missing five days in the gym, that's not good, obviously. But if you know you've trained pretty hard for a month or two in the row, three months in a row, pretty hard, and you think you feel like you need some time off, taking four or five days off in the gym or a week off in the gym is not going to set you back. If anything, you'll, you'll be bigger, you'll grow better, I guarantee it. I wish I had this knowledge when I was competing, because I know it would have benefited me tremendously. I always rationalize, well, I only trained one body part a day, and I take two days off a week, so I should be fine. But the truth in the matter is that even that's intense, even that's tough for your body to every single week recover from that. So at least once a year, it's probably a good idea to take three or four weeks off in the gym if you can do it, if you can handle it mentally, if not take a week or two off, at least. Like those genetics, why do people recommend taking really high dose of letro last few weeks of a prep, a friend did this, and had blood work showing no estrogen in his body at all, only other people to show numbers that were those who underwent chemo. Also high dose of proviron leading in their show does a work, so let's go with the first one about letro leading into a show. Here's the first deal with estrogen control. Your body is going to convert a certain amount of your testosterone that you're ingesting or injecting or producing naturally into estrogen and DHT. If you take an aromotace inhibitor like letrozole or aromotace or femara, or letrole that's femara, or aromotace, or aromotace, you're going to block the conversion of some of that testosterone into estrogen, which is good. If you take too much of an aromotace inhibitor, you'll inhibit all the conversion of testosterone and which case your estrogen levels will be so low that number one you won't have a sex drive. Number two, your antigen receptors lose their sensitivity. So you go flat usually and number three, you don't have a sex drive. I know I said it twice. That's a problem. No one wants to feel like that. It basically chemically casherates you. Not good and you don't look good on it. So once again, you want your estrogen low, but you want it on the normal side of low, not on the pathological order or the two low side. Once again, because your body won't respond, you need a little estrogen to sensitize those antigen receptors to sex drive, to muscle building, to all the other processes that are involved with antigen use in the body. And that's just the way it is. Doing too much of anything is no good. You gotta find balance. Barbarian B, Dave Wood Body Fat, would you let yourself go to in the offseason? What would you say is maximum you'd recommend? When I competed and I was trying to grow, I said to myself, let's see how much food it takes for you to get fat. If you hit that point, we start getting fat. We back down. In the course of my body, I never found the amount of food that it took me to get fat, which means I never got fat. So I don't know. I just basically couldn't eat any more food. But I would find another way to eat enough to grow. But at some point, I couldn't eat enough anymore. Because I kept saying, well, what if I ate more? What if I grew faster? Or I could eat anymore. There was no more food I could eat. I just couldn't physically put any more food down my throat. And that's the way it is now. To ask you for the average person, what's a body fat that's acceptable? Not acceptable. I would say, once your body fat is a guy, it starts creeping over 15%. You start to get sloppy. If you're over 20% your weight too high. I think that the ideal range to stay in is probably anywhere from, obviously, under 10 would be great. But the most people can't get under 10% by the time. For anywhere from 10 to 15%, 10 to 17% by the time, is the highest that would go. Everything or nothing training, trend below in, and it's a thanks on mental health, eye depression, intelligence, or ability to think straight. My question is, does trend cause issues with the brain? And if so, it can become that. You said trend below, right? Yes. The problem with trend below is that it's four times more an energetic than testosterone. That means it has four times an engine content. Andgredens of what makes you aggressive. They're what stimulate you. They would make you hold more glycogen in the muscle. They make you strong. You put four times that you naturally have on a gram for grab basis like a testosterone into your body. Now you're almost like an insane person. It's enhancing everything in your brain and making you move faster. It's making you metabolism go quicker. It's moving your GI track faster. That's why a lot of people get upset. Some makes it and die real from using trend. It makes your brain work faster. So you can't relax and sleep at night. But it makes you strong. It makes you retain more glycogen in the muscle. It makes you look good. So guys deal with it. But it does have a lot of side effects. And that's a problem. You got to realize that. And it's dose dependent. So recently, when I work with my guys, I've been actually having them use less trend alone. OK, I know the old or maybe the new way of thinking is, no testosterone just do tons of trend alone. That's not going to work. I'm telling you, you're going to wind up f***ing killing your girlfriend or a boyfriend or whatever. You're going to get into a fight. You're going to break up. Whatever the case is, it's the ultimate relationship ender that's this drug. But it works. My advice to you is just to stand low dose. 50 milligrams three times a week. Or 50 milligrams every other day is more than enough. Muscle by Mona's day will you be at the Olympia this year. That's the 100,000 dollar question. I don't know. To be honest, I haven't thought about it yet. If we get a sponsor, I probably might make my trip out there, obviously. If we don't, I think I might just hang tight at the homestead, you know, with the kids. And everything like that. I really like the Olympia. It's probably the only weekend I really do enjoy going to a cusside for the Arnold. I'll think about it. I haven't got to the point where I actually have absolutely have to make a decision yet. But we'll see. It's going to be a good year to go, obviously. Phil, he'd go in for number eight and a lot of other, you know, classic physique taken off through the roof, the two 12, it's for exluisest last year. So, it certainly would be a nice year to go. But, you know, I might just call quits and take the whole year off and then start again 2019 back going to the some of the big shows. We'll see it up. And I won't say no yet. Good day. One ZWDV. I'm having issues with my right knee. I had surgery on a back in 2006, ACL, Manisk is whenever I'm doing heavy leg extensions, I'm feeling pain in the middle portion of the knee. Squats and leg press aren't bad only if I wrap my knees. Do you think wanting BPC won't 507 will be a good idea? Or should I get things checked out first? I mean, you could use the healing cap by its BPC 157, the TB 500 is good. Definitely if it's injury, you're going to heal. But the question is why are you getting irritation, why are you getting tendonitis or whatever, whatever, contravalasure, you know, whatever kind of information getting under that knee cap, why is it occurring? Usually it's biomechanical, meaning that the angle with your muscles are moving is some kind of rubbing going on. Now, if it's under the knee cap, it could be like a whole contravalasure that's the rubbing away of the cartilage under the knee cap. If your muscles are just misaligned a little bit or it's a leg press is a weird angle, you might just get beginning rubbing under the back. In which case, you might want to try to change the leg extension of a senior using, to change the angle a little bit. Usually I've seen this happen to people before. The classic sign that there's really not anything seriously wrong is that you can squat and leg press because you can change your position. Think about it. Like the extension, you're very locked into a certain position. With the squat, the deadlift, the leg press, the hack squat, you can kind of position your feet where you get a comfortable position so the knee cap sits in a nice place. You might just have a tracking problem with the knee cap which sits directly on top of the, or the patel that sits directly at the top of the femur is rotator or moved over an inch or two in which case you're getting rubbing. That's why when you wrap your knees, you're kind of wrapping your knee cap into the right position and then it feels good when you're training it. You might want to lay off leg extensions for a couple weeks to just do the stuff that doesn't hurt, let that heal up, see if that works. If not, you might have to then go to maybe get some ART done, active release techniques, maybe some massage in that area, kind of break up the scar tissue. Matt Tracy, I struggle keeping volume heading into a show. What do you think of maintaining oatmeal two weeks now prior to the show? I have it with a meal, one with stevia, small banana and one tablespoon of almond butter. I don't know if eating a bowl, you're following your full misproblem, you'll be honest with you. Firstly, you got to figure out why you're flat. You can be flat because you're an ID in a fat, it's just as easily as you can be flat if you're an ID in a car. So, I would try to replace the fat first, especially if you're on a CT or on a contest eye. Then if that doesn't work, then you can play with adding little small amounts of carbs throughout the day, increasing whatever you're eating, if you're eating any, to see if that will fill you out a little bit. But I wouldn't start doing crazy, knee-jerk stuff. Brent Setsko, any end is that a good idea to cut fiber lies last week's of contest prep or not. Now, that's what you need the most. Catch when people get constipated when they carve off and they take the water out. Now, you keep the fiber lies right up to the day before the show. The last dose of fiber lies should be that. It looks like if you had a Saturday morning show, you'll last dose would be Friday night. When you're bright before you start drinking, do a dose of fiber lies, so you keep everything moving through you. It's a great feeling when you don't have to ever stress that I'm going through the bathroom, you know you're going to go. Once I started using a silly, amazed five or supplement, and then I made my own eventually, that's when I never had stress anymore competing because I always knew my stomach would be flat. Interesting one here from the atomic beast. It's a question that we get in, I guess, different iterations. Why do you think most open-class competitors don't have deeply cut abs like classic and men's physique competitors. Jay had a very tight, had very tight abs, but besides, Rully, in the current lineup, why don't the others have blocky abs? I think the guys are just not dieting as hard because they want to come in. They're so worried about coming in big or they're in shape and then they're overcarving or maybe using insulin and they're blurring the definition on their abs. Because a lot of these guys have great rest of their bodies. They glutes or they hamstrings or shred it and then they have these kind of watery-looking abs. I think that's from the drugs they're taking. I really do. On point fitness trainers, your thoughts, Dave, on raw juicing. I started raw fruit and vegetable juicing a few days ago along with a healthy balanced diet. But what would it be optimal for longevity and health to juice daily or is it just not necessary? But juicing is good. There's no doubt about it. You can get some good nutrients. A lot of people who juice though use a lot of fruits. They use apples and carrots and other fruits. But carrots have a high sugar content. Those high sugar fruits and vegetables will add a lot of calories and a lot of unnecessary empty carbs to the effect of what you're doing. You're picking just green stuff that you just juice. Cubecombers, celery, some broth, living in a mountain rock, and maybe kale. You'll be fine. If you're using the juicers and excuse to make yourself a fruit smoothie, then you're probably just making things worse because you're putting a tremendous amount of sugar into your body. K-sime can el-dave. I hate to show more than all right. If creatinine is commonly increased due to extra muscle mass, meat and proteins and creatinine supplements, what kind of levels do you usually see in top-open competitors? What is the typical GFR you see from them? How do you approach their plan differently? Well, taking creatinine is not going to raise creatinine necessarily. A lot of these upper-level guys have high creatinine levels on blood work, which indicates that the kidneys are not filtering as well. It could be due to high blood pressure. It could be due to eating on tonne of protein. It could be due to breaking that enormous amount of muscle from the gym. So you can't just need your, say, this guy's a kidney failure. He's got high creatinine. No, he's probably just, you know, trusting his body out a little bit. And it's probably very, very reversible. And I've seen that happen many a time. People contact me because they panic. I send them a detox program through the reti-tox to take this. One of the ingredients and one of the supplements I recommend you take during the detox is kidney stuff. Stay on that for another three months after the two or three weeks detox that you do. Usually every single person I'd help to creatinine comes down from that. So just if you have a problem with creatinine, you can always, you know, shoot me an email and I'll be more than happy to give you some advice. D would, 20, I only have access to a diuretic, the flushes both potassium and sodium. Is it still okay to use a quarter tab the night before or should I stay away completely? Yeah, I think I think I, look, I don't like to use L-6 and Deminex because you're right. It does, this guy's right. It does the plea both potassium and sodium, whereas dies I only deplete sodium and it doesn't and it retains potassium. But sometimes you can't get, you know, and if you're only taking maybe one or two halves of a L-6, you know, of 20 milligrams, you know, maybe twice a day, you're not going to really cramp anyway. So, and you're not, even if you did, it wouldn't be because of potassium loss because you're not going to lose that much from taking a mild, I reticulate that. So, a little bit of L-6 is okay. If you start getting carried away and taking, you know, 40 milligrams, five times a day, you're going to wind up in the hospital. Couple more, this one from Howard Nine, what were the compounds you put Boston on when he put on the most size? He was mentioning in a recent random video along the lines of GRPH, IGF, etc. Well, Boston was, when he was a teenager, and he gained a lot of weight up to the time you were 21 years old. He was on the basics, he's on testosterone, and that compoies, you know, we would switch to testosterone, tremble on testosterone, and that got, he was doing some little bit of G-8, you know. He wasn't, he wasn't accessible by using anything until he got carried away and got to use it, and then he just took off on what's on doing cookie stuff. But initially he was doing the right thing, and he was looking good, and he was growing, and he was responding, and you know, I wish he was to put a state in that direction. But, you know, Boston does what he lost in what to do. Last question, this one from Mike Roddabe, what is your current training routine? You want to know when every team was this week? I got to the gym today. After I got my teeth cleaned, the dentist died. I snuffed over to the gym, and called him a man, and my friend said, can I go to the gym? Did you mind? She's like, fine. So I did my whole entire body, because I know there's no way she's going to let me go to Marvee, because usually I go Monday, and either Thursday or Monday and Friday. So I did everything. I did everybody party. I don't know how I did. I got all done today, or because I'm not lifting that heavy. And I'm done for the week. That's just the way it is. So I structure much differently nowadays. I don't do my job. But back in the day, I used to do what I told people. I used to do an A-day split. So over eight days, I would train six of those days. Two of those days would be, you know, I do a little extra calf work. But I like to have the extra time off to allow my body to recover properly. That is going to do for this episode of A-Stayve again brought to you by Species Nutrition Visit speciesnutrition.com for date, Lumbo, and our producer Tyler Shore. I'm Siti Furuki. We'll see you next week.