This is Dave Palombo with RXMuscle.com. I'm here at the 2011 IFBB North American Championships. Here with our bikini, overall champion, Crystal Matthews and new IFBB bikini pro congratulations. Thank you. It's amazing and really excited. So... They only had four classes here where there's normally they have six at the national shows. That make it more difficult and shed a lot more girls in each class. I mean, I just kind of throws me off. I'm such a creature of routine. So it was a little interesting at first. I normally in the tallest class. Yeah, always in the tallest class. They get us to change the light bulbs and the places. I have my boots on, which you're a little... They can be two inches tall as I don't feel short next year. Yeah, we're pretty even. You should learn those to my fiance. I thought you. Five-nine. Okay, that's your favorite word about the same. I talked to me a little bit about your journey here because I'm sure it was not an easy one. Well, I've placed second twice now at national shows and so coming so close it just makes you really hungry for it. Is that at all your shows? How many national shows have you done? Come in, complete. I did two, 2010 and this is my third one this year. So I placed second at junior USA in Houston in over 2010 and I placed second just in Charleston. And what about the times before that? What were your places? It was very off. I placed seventh in Atlanta and then I placed ninth in Jersey. Okay. So did that was such a battle? You make a good point now. I want to ask you a question beyond. What's worse coming in seventh or second? Seven. I just for me definitely. Well, the seventh wasn't hard. The ninth place was hard. What about the second the second time? Oh. I made a joke. I said if I could second this time I'm giving it back now I'm just kidding. No, it's always an honor because I know that every girl I'm up on the stage with has worked their butt off and you know everything plays a role. Let's go none of their lives. Genetics, everything. And so I don't ever expect my best to definitely be better than everyone else's best. Tonight it was because not only did you win your class and your broke out you won the overall here too against some pretty good girls. There are great girls here and I'm just very flattered and just still in a little bit of shock. Sorry if I'm mumbling a little bit but now I definitely am just excited to be a part of the best of the best. It's interesting because a lot of the bikini girls that have turned pro this year went immediately and jumped into pro competition. I don't even know if there is any pro competition so you're going to be hitting any after the Olympic? You know I'm definitely going to look into it. My main goal this year was to get my pro card. I'm going to Jamaica and October so we'll see you. This is just a good attitude. It's interesting but it's doable. Anyone who wants to know what you want to do? My best friends and my fiance. You're going to ruin the vacation if you're dieting. You know that right? Yeah I know I know but yeah I've learned to have fun and diet. It's been interesting but it's doable. Anyone who want to go to the park? Anyone you want to thank out there? Oh yeah absolutely. Best in New Carlin she's been with me since the beginning when I was a stick figure in 2009. I worked really hard to put my son on. And then of course my fiance, he's my trainer, his name is Cody Wood and Chair Creek Athletic Club and snap fitness. Those are my second, third home so. Our bikini overall champion in the new IFVB pro here in Cleveland Ohio.