Welcome back to Muscle in the Morning. I'm Dave Follum, though, and today is Wednesday, August 15, 2018. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Ladies and gentlemen, it's that time of the week again. Welcome back to another jam packed edition of the World Famous Recap Wednesday, where we'll kick off today's show with a rare trip out to the Northwest for the inaugural Portland Pro Classic in the men's physique division. The Chicago Kid Jamal Ever came in and cleaned house on the way to picking up his first career win. The runner-up position went to veteran assassin Mark Sineen and rounding out the top three was Oregon's own, Dave Odom. Over on the bikini side emerging star Jessica Palmer finally napped her first win of the year by holding off a valiant second place effort from the fabulous Jordan Lee. And finishing up a surprisingly strong top three here with her Olympia tune up was the always dangerous Norman Austria. If you're one of those people who like their bikini action, just like they like their soccer, they ask paste heavy and with the touch of Brazilian and I'm sure your eyes were glued to what went down last weekend and sandpulled at the muscle contest Brazil pro bringing home the top honors was native Brazilian ESA Pasini who was absolutely brilliant here. Second place went to Swiss import Priscilla Lambacher who managed to serve the head of eventual third place finisher for not a sagging. The place went to Juliana Dante's and rounding out the top five was another native Brazilian Naira Schubert. If big border walls and good bodybuilding are your kind of thing, then last weekend San Antonio Texas was the place to be because once again another awesome addition of the San Antonio pro went down leading the way with his all-time best in classic physique was second year pro Jason Lo. It was a long day for the judges in men's physique but when the dust finally settled it was harbour heights Texas native, Lyndon Bond who managed to find himself as the last man standing and over on the master side of things to rel robits and got his first pro victory. San Antonio native Tiffany Mori brought home the hardware and figure over 40 and in master's bikini veteran, Harriet Davis set the tone to get her first win in the year and wrapping things up here in the open bikini with the best look of her career was the red hot Monica Ellis. Now that the Olympia is a little over a month away I can't even begin to tell you how many stupid halfway motivational quotes I see every time I scroll through my Instagram but I'll tell you what one person who's really been catching my eye lately has been women's physique stand out at their grace. The multi top five finisher looks like she's in rare form again and heading into this year's contest looking to hurt a few feelings of a few girls up there with top five ambitions. Nine times out of ten when you see her hit the Olympia stage she's up there firing on all cylinders and assuming she hits the mark again this time around she has a legitimate shot to be a top three contender before it's all said and done. You know how these emergency alert signals come blasting through your phone right before a big well somebody should start doing the same thing every time branding curry drops into update because this guy is about to wreck some serious stuff last weekend. Curry and his team dropped a handful of new updates that were flat out ridiculous. Especially a few of the shots we saw from a recent guest posing spot he did out in Hungary. I don't know what the heck they've been pumping through that water over there in Kuwait but it definitely seems to be working and if he's going to keep getting better over the next month or so I don't think a top five finish this year is entirely out of the question. And that does if yet another edition of Muscle in the morning. On day full on bo reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.