Day Palombo with another RX muscle rant. Today's topic unfortunately is going to be the truth hurts. And you know, I think in today's bodybuilding world, a lot of people don't want to come to grips with what reality is. And sometimes you know when you tell too much truth or you say too many things that are too close to home in certain people, they get their panties in a wide, they get upset, they get defensive and they see it as a personal attack on them. And you know, unfortunately here on this show, I try to you know, reveal the truth to people, the way I see it. And obviously, you know, to help people not number one waste money, number two, you know, avoid learning things that are not true. And number three come to grips with reality. And sometimes reality hurts, you know, as the old movie, I think I was in that movie, reality bites, but that's really what it amounts to. I a couple weeks ago did a video about a product in Nick Trigilly, sales called, was a hyaluronic acid based, water based, injectable product that he sells on his website. And you know, I don't, I have no problem with people, you know, trying to make money to themselves. But he was, you know, portraying it is this, you know, great product that's going to enhance muscle size and shape and all these great things. And, you know, the bottom line is that there was no science behind the project. And there's no science behind the product itself. And hyaluronic acid put inside a muscle, doesn't do anything. It's the components of connective tissue, or exercise should say, Sonofiul fluid in the joint. And injecting that into a muscle is not going to do anything. Now, they do use gel based hyaluronic acid as fillers in the face, you know, to fill out little hollow as women get older, or as the collagen breaks down. But putting a version of that, which is not even the gel, because the gel would be way too expensive to ever use on a large scale, but taking a water down version, which is what it is, it's a water based hyaluronic, it's basically water with a little hyaluronic acid mixed into it. And putting it into a muscle is not going to enhance your muscles. Nick can get upset only once at what I said, and I'm sorry, you're upset, because I actually like Nick, I think you're a good guy. But the bottom line is that it's your product is not doing anything other than maybe causing a little bit of irritation in the muscle. And that truth might hurt, but it's true. And I didn't do it to maliciously malign you. I did it because I think people should know what they're spending their money on before they go out there in waste, because we only have a limited amount of money to spend on products and supplements and whatnot. And you can try to say, well, I sell a ton of it, that's not telling me and that's not confirming that the product is a good product. It just means that you're a good salesman. Also saying that guys on the Olympia stage use it, okay, all of a sudden doesn't confirm anything, because guys on the Olympia stage will use anything. Just like when I was competing, I would have tried anything that I thought would have done any good for my body or maybe not. And I'm sure a lot of the things I did try back in the day probably didn't do anything. So I'm here as a guy who's going to analyze the science of what's going on and tell you what the reality is. And unfortunately, reality sucks in this case. So Nick got hurt. He said, I'm a butt hurt. He was butt hurt basically by the fact that I did this video. And once again, maybe I should have told him up and told him that I was going to do it. That maybe since we are friends or we're trying to friends, I guess. He now went on a personal assault twice on his channel against me as a coach, which is kind of ridiculous. I've been coaching people for 25 years. My track record speaks for itself. I don't need to give my resume. I have somebody pro-card that I've helped people get that I can't even remember anymore. I've worked with pretty much everyone in the industry. Even the guys that don't work with I've answered questions for down the road if they have had any health issues or just general questions. So I kind of consider myself an expert at this point. And his assault on me was that I give the same diet and same plants every single person, which is not true. Because I work with men, women, and I work with competitors, non-competitors. The bottom line is that a coach and I've said this before, I hate to repeat myself. But a coach is not the program you give someone. The program you give someone is the starting point. The leading of coach is how you modify the diet, how you modify the supplements and drug cycles that you give people. So they pick themselves and they achieve their best conditioning. And that's really what a coach is. And that's what a good coach is. Creating a unique flavor for every single person that you give them is not a good coach. Because the initial program you give them is not a static thing. It doesn't stay that way. It changes. If I have a person who has a very fast metabolism, they're going to get more food added to that program. If I have a person who has a slow metabolism, they're going to lose food. Diet rotations change. So say that I give the same program to every single person is absolutely completely not telling the whole story. And that's not true. If I have a guy who's 200% in the 200% of the pound range and is looking to diet down for a competition, how many different versions of the program you're going to be doing? Are there Nick? Okay. You don't give someone a program that's not as good because you want them to think that they're having something special. That's not how being a coach works. Okay. There's certain templates that work for different populations of people in certain realms of what they're doing proposition wise, whether it be figure bikini, body building, you know. And that's what you use as a coach. You have the formula that you go to and you make it work. And then you modify it. If I have a person sending me updates every two or three days for 16 weeks and I'm making changes almost every single time. That initial program they got is not the same initial program that everyone else has because gets what it changes. That's what being a coach is all about. And you know with another great thing he tried to throw at me is that I charge so much money. The bottom line is I'm probably the cheapest coach on the market and the reason I do that is because I don't do this for to make a living. I love coaching people because that's a passion memory. So I make it very affordable so that people can afford to work with me and get the benefits of my knowledge. And I think that that is something that I offer to the industry as opposed to people who do this for a living who are trying to charge $35,000 or $3,000 or $3,000 or whatever they charge for a contest prep. I charge $1500 for an entire year. I charge $800 for a contest prep. 700 if you don't want to text or anything like that. You want to just do it via email which is some of my international people do that. So I'm the most affordable guy on the one. I'm too cheap if anything. So I think that him trying to make a personal attack. I mean it's really just showing his insecurity and his showing the fact that he obviously is in the need to make money. Obviously you know paying your bills and earning a living in this industry is tough. You have to carve a niche out for himself. And next try to be like the bad boy, bad ass guy. He's looking for business obviously and he's looking for a bit. If he asked the best Chris Asito or he asked the best me or he's the best you know Matt Jensen, he'll do it because he figures that people will come to him and he'll take up the slack and he'll get the business. And you know what? That's not the way to do business. The way to get new clients is to show your knowledge, to show the results of what you do and to educate people and let people be attracted to you. I've never put an ad out advertising my services to anyone. I just put knowledge out and why putting knowledge up people come to me. And that's the right way to be a great coach. You know, you're a young guy and you've got a lot to learn in this industry. Putting someone like me down is the stupidest thing you can do because so many people will lose respect to you. And that's because people do respect me for my knowledge and for my honesty. And if you don't like my honesty, call me up directly and tell me hey Dave, you know, I'm pissed off, you mentioned you've dashed my pride, you said it and you know, we'll discuss it. And I'll tell you all the reasons why I don't think it works and you can still sell and people still buy it. I probably made you more sales because I put down you're probably because people don't care, they'll try anything. You know that. But I will not stop telling the truth and I will not stop educating people and I will not stop putting out knowledge because that's what I like to do and that's what I'm here to do. And not everyone agrees with it. And that's fine. The good opinion of others is not important to me because I know that I affect large amounts of people out there and hopefully I'm trying to keep the people in our sport healthier. I obviously know bodybuilding kind of theaters that line between, you know, being super healthy and being unhealthy. And I think that there's a right way to do things and I think there's a way to keep yourself healthy so that you can live a long life and you can still enjoy the benefits and the excitement of being a top level bodybuilder. Having said that once again, you know, I'm a big believer in the fact that the truth should be told at all times, okay, whether we like it or not and next, if you want to come on and you want to do another interview with me and we want to clear the air on in front of everyone else. I have no problem doing that either because I really, I have nothing but good things to say about you. You're talented guy. You know, I think you have potential to do a lot of good stuff in our industry. But you have to learn that you know, people do not like to be taken to damage them. And while you could create a product that has a lot of hype and might sell, it doesn't work and it doesn't do what you're claiming, eventually people will lose all trust in you. And that's not the way to have a successful future in this sport. You might make some short-term money but it's not going to be successful for you long term. Day full on them with another Rxmas olAvA.