Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X-Box, our 30-year-to-row, and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry. It's a low-car caulk tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. Day, Palombo here with an RX muscle news update, the New York Pro official competitor list has been released. This Saturday, not in New York, but in Tampa because of some logistical issues and some quick maneuver get the last minute, we're going to have the New York Pro in Tampa, Florida. That's a good news for the competitors, it's good news for the fans and it's good news for us, the guys reporting about these shows. I want to do a little preview of who I think might be some of the front runners going into the New York Pro. The lineup turned out to be pretty deep after all. It first people a little concerned, maybe wouldn't get enough turnout, but I feel this is a very strong lineup. I'm going to highlight some of these competitors, and I'm going to go in alphabetical order according to the competitor list, because I don't want to say, one person better than the other. My opinion is that at the end, maybe I'll pick some of the people I think might be the guys to be. If we start off looking at this line of max trials, jumps right up the pace. I meant max trials back, probably 15 years ago, he was training in bad Francis Palombo with a 10x sweatshirt on. He would show it all the body bullying shows. He looked enormous, no one really knew what he looked like, and then one day he decided I'm going to compete. I didn't even know the guy competed. I just thought he just worked out. He was always sweating. He did. He was in the gym for hours and hours, and the guy is an absolute freak. He's probably got one of the best upper bodies in this lineup. Chest shoulders, arms, you know, his back, you know, could be a little denser, a little thicker, but, you know, really, he has, you know, the only weakness is, yes, is his legs are not quite up to snuff with his upper body. I don't know if they ever could be. His upper body is that good. This was a guy who was extremely dangerous a couple of years ago. Last year wasn't a great year for Max in terms of, I think, success, but he didn't make it to the Olympia stage. So, I think the this year he's really looking to come into New York and try to win this thing. And if he does win in this lineup, it would really raise his stock through the roof. And I think that he would be a guy definitely to watch going to the Olympia. The question will be, will you be able to balance conditioning with fullness? The next guy I want to talk about is a client. I might actually feel Kloha, who really surprised a lot of people in Tampa a few weeks ago when he placed fourth in a really tough lineup where Huntel Abraudah brought home the win with the NVL year in second. And Phil has been a guy who's kind of like been on the sidelines, no one really knew him because he kind of turned pro in a weird show that wasn't really a conventional like USA championships or nationals. And I just saw a tremendous amount of talent, he contacted me and I said, man, this guy is going to be really good if we get him in shape. And really bring him in nice and full. And Tampa was I would say 95% of what we, you know, a 95% version of Phil. I think what we're going to see in New York here or in Tampa again, obviously, but at the New York pro is going to be worlds ahead of what we saw in Tampa and I think he's going to shock a lot of people. He's got density to his physique. He has the ability to get super crazy hard. He's got nice shape to his physique and he really has no weaknesses. He's very well balanced. And that's a dangerous competitor when he's on stage at his best. That means full and lean shredded. So that's the goal for Phil. And I think that he's really still an underdog here. And I think that no one's expecting anything from him. But if he comes in here, he could be this dark horse in this line of who comes out, you know, with a lot of people talking about him. Let's move on to another guy who's a season of better in at this point, John Delorosa. He's probably got the most wins of any guy in this line up here. John wins shows every single year. And then they last year he won the Puerto Rico show. He won the Toronto Pro show. He always is very consistent. He's got no weaknesses to his physique. His only weakness really is is it's conditioning and going to be good enough on the day of the show. And when it is, he's almost impossible to beat because he has no flaws in his body. And that's an advantage that he's got going to this line up. He knows how to win. He's been there before. The question is, Willie brings his best. I say we're going to see a great John Delorosa. And I think if we do, he'll shock a lot of people because a lot of the big names were hearing Patrick Moore's in the invalier airs. And these guys, you know, can easily beat beat by John Delorosa if he's at his best. Because like I said, there's no, there's no flaws in his physique. There's really nothing that's missing. He just has to bring in crazy, crazy conditioning. Moving on to one of the new guys in the lineup, Quentin Maria, he made a, he shocked a lot of people last year with his fifth place at the Toronto Pro. He's got some of the freakyest muscle in this lineup and it's new. When I say new, I mean that we had, he's still coming up, he's still coming into his own. He's developing muscle maturity. He's rounding off his physique. And he's probably the most dangerous guy in this lineup. I don't know if this year is going to be his year that he's going to be ready to start winning major major shows. But he is the future of body-building for sure. I'm a lot of a bunch of other guys, young guys that are coming up like Hunter LeBrona will be, you know, in the next five to seven years, the guys that will be talking about as the Olympia top elite. He has the physique, he has the good to he has the genetics. And this could be his breakout show. Once again, very impressive last year in that fifth place. What will he bring this year? I don't know, I haven't seen an affix, I haven't really talked to enough people. I'm the big fan of his physique. And I think that he's dangerous because he's got the structure. When I say structure, I mean, when he stands next to other people, he makes them look bad. And when you have that ability and you bring muscle and conditioning on top of that, that's a tough pack of soul to be. So look for quitting to be another dangerous dark horse in this lineup. Moving on to Patrick Moore, who probably was the most talked about man after the Olympia in 2019 with his top 10 finish there. A lot of people thought he was going to come into the Arnold Classic this year, which was the only show we really started in the beginning of the year. And was going to dominate that show. Didn't do what we thought he would do. He just proved that he did not have enough size yet. How much size he's put on since the Arnold. I don't know, we'll find out. But I think we're going to see a better Patrick Moore. Conditioning has never a problem with him. He's got the structure. He's got the lines. You know, with Chris Asito and his corner there, we know he's going to be conditioned. Or probably one of the most conditioned guys in the show. The question is, does he have enough size to stand with some of the bigger guys like Ian Valier and even Antoine Valier? There's a lot of massive guys in this lineup, even Max Charles. So we'll see if Patrick doesn't look too small in this lineup, he could be a guy who win the show. So this is going to be an exciting, I guess you could say, debut because let's face that this year has been split into for Patrick Moore. Moving on, maybe one of the most dangerous guys in this lineup that no one is talking about. We've been talking a lot about a lot of dangerous guys, but this might be the most dangerous guy. Another Chris Asito disciple, Hassan Mustafa from Egypt. Quiet doesn't speak a lot of English. We don't see that much of him, but man, this his physique, do the talking. He's like a pole-demel clone of this guy. He's got the quads of quadzilla. He's got an enormous upper body. He has, you know, Chris sent me, I don't know if was this picture or a similar picture. Like, I think he sent me a most muscular shot a couple days ago and he said, what do you think? I said, he looks like he's eating a thousand grams of carbs a day, he's probably eating 50. And Chris said, no, he's not eating 50, he's eating zero. He's got just natural fullness around the studios muscle bellies. Super dangerous. If he comes in in the best shape of his life, look for Hassan Mustafa to possibly walk out of here with a victory. So here's another guy who's just extremely dangerous with no weaknesses. And when you have no weaknesses, you know, a lot of times, you know, going into a show, you become a hard guy to beat. Now, what we see alone is not what we see when we compare guys next to each other on stage. So real Mastoph is mass and freakingess in these pictures, translate on stage to a victory or even a top three at this show with the level of competitor we have. That we don't know. Because it's hard to compare people when you're just looking at a single picture. Because he looked right alone, absolutely. Will it translate into a win here? I don't know. But look for him. Another guy that you have to just keep your eye on. Because he could just just shock everyone in this line up and take the whole show. Justin Rodriguez, this guy has been dangerous for the past three or four seasons in a row. He's once again another guy with all the tools he brings conditioning. Sometimes he's on. Sometimes he's not so on. It depends which Justin Rodriguez we're going to get at the New York pro. This weekend, if we get the best Justin Rodriguez look for him to be easily be top five possibly top three here. He's got dance muscle, he's got good separation, he's got really no weaknesses and he's got a lot of freaky mastone and that's what these judges look for especially the New York pro and especially at a show of this caliber. We're going to be looking for quality and we're going to be looking for a physique that's going to jump out. Once again he flows well and buddy's got a lot of mass in conditioning as well. What physique he brings to the stage? This weekend is a coin flip. I don't know where he's at. I haven't seen him but if he brings his best, very dangerous in this lineup. As you see, there's a lot of guys in this lineup that are super crazy dangerous and that was making this show super exciting because I really, if you had to tell me, place the top five, I don't know I would have trouble doing it at this point because there's so many guys that are wildcard variables in the lineup. Let's go over to Antoine Valliont who missed last year because he tore his bicep. He in 2018 made a nice comeback we had him on the show. He talked about some of the drug problems he had in the past that are all cleared up now. He made that comeback successfully. He took forth at the Toronto Pro behind one morale, came Williams and Central Comic Millen. He was poised and you really take it to the next level and he tore that bicep set him back year. From the pictures on his Instagram I'm seeing that he's posting. This guy's a freak. He has structure. He's got class and flow to his physique. When he brings the conditioning in perfectly, he's a difficult guy to beat. He's an unconventional poser, I like high green but you know what he has such great symmetry to his body that he knows how to position those body parts to really bring out and enhance what he's got. So look for a great posing routine for Manituan and look for a lot of entertainment and family from him. I absolutely see a top 5 here in his comeback. Probably the most dangerous guy in the line of has to be in value. I dangerous because he's got probably the most mass in size of anyone. He's able to get freaky hard like Dorian Yates when he's on 100%. He's absolutely whether he meant to not mad from not being able to win that show in Tampa a few weeks ago against the Huntula Broad. If there's things didn't click for him psychologically, there wasn't there. He was too flat as Cam was off. You didn't have any support system there with him. I think he learned his lesson. I say he comes back. He's looking for revenge here. If he brings all the tools he's got to the table. Bring the fullness, bring the conditioning, the polish, the right hand. No one beats here. I say it because he's the biggest guy with the best symmetry here. Now, that's not taking away some of these other guys that I mentioned that have some super freakyness going on also. But I think he's got the level of muscularity with the huge structure that just looked very imposing and alight up. We talked about how some of these guys look really good alone. He and makes other guys look bad on stage because he's so big and so broad. Got the good taper from the front. He's got freakyness to him. Once again, he's got to keep his head in-shat. He's got to keep focused on the goal at hand, which is to bring the best to the stage. Not put too much pressure on himself and I say he can cruise to victory here. Not an easy victory, but I think he can take home the win if he really wants to. Another wild card in this line of Duane Walker who is third in Tampa a few weeks ago behind Ian Valier and Hunter LeBrautta. A lot of impressive muscle. This is a guy who's a two-twelf guy who moved up. I think he's the future certainly of this division. I don't think he's going to bring enough size necessarily to win this show because he's still going to be out size right in a lot of guys and line up. This is not Tampa. This is the New York pro. We have a way, way deeper line up this time around. But I think look for him to be a top five, top seven guy in this line up, which I think would be terrific considering this is his first year in the open division and I'm expecting to see something very impressive from Duane Walker. I'm glad that he thru his hat into this ring once again because why not? Let's see what you stand. People are talking about you, show up again and then you know what? Take the whole off season, put on the necessary size, you need come back, I'll allow William Bonac and destroy people next year. So I'm excited to see Duane on stage. Once again, I don't know if he'll crack the top five in this line up but he certainly has impressive muscularity and the freaky body parts when he steps on stage and he hits those poses. The crowd will go crazy for sure. So the question is who's the favorites in this line up? I don't even know, I would have to say just from right off the cuff, John Del Roses, one of the most seasoned veterans here, he knows how to win shows. This is the guy who's going to be super dangerous. Even though you think that he doesn't have the quote, wow fact that he's got the little on the shorter side, he's got a weakness and no holes in his physique. If you bring his conditioning, he can win this show. I think it's going to be a himany and a value of battling it out. I would say, you know, that's the safe bet. But then you have so many wild parts in this line up between the Antoine Valyance. You have the Quentin Arries who you never know. You have a little Phil for hard. You have Hassama Stoffa who's got massive amounts of muscle on his body. I just think that it's a very hard show for me to give you my top five on. And I would probably be wrong. I would just be throwing names out there. So what I'm looking forward to is a great show. I think Steve Weinberg is going to commend it for making the show happen. I'm sure he's probably losing money on this show because he's got to get prize money. I had to move it at the last minute. But the New York pro is happening. We're going to have a limpia qualifiers. Obviously we got all the other divisions as well. Even including women's body building. I'm assuming they're going to have a live stream like they did the Tampa. I don't know where it will be available yet. I would be assume it would probably be if the New York at betfereccess.com. But I'm sure we'll get more details as that comes. Guys, I want to wish all the competitors, even the ones I didn't mention, tremendous success on stage this weekend. I wish I could be there. I'm a hopsciff in a jump away, but you know what, with COVID and everything like that. I'm playing it cool. But I will become, I think, from the sidelines as well. All of us on social media. For now, I'm Dave Pollumbo with an RX muscle news update.