Old school body building clothing company. If it's been three and a half hours since you last ate protein, now you're starting to freak out, you are old school. If watching someone sit on a hammer machine for five minutes between sets playing with their phone, pisses you off, you are definitely old school. OSBBC.com for the hardest training athletes. With another episode alive with Dave Plumbo, as always I'm going to be your host, Anthony Squally. If you've never, if you're new to this segment, we basically bombard you with random questions that I selfishly come up with topics that I want to talk about. So Dave, how you doing? We survived the hurricane, so we're back to normal. Hold me here today. You look like my uncle Vinnie with that mustache. I can tell you. Well, this is the true story here. I shaved my face now once a week with hair clippers. When I naturally shave my face on one side and then do the other and a lot of times I just shaved half of it and do like a Harvey-Doo face. I got to the mustache yesterday. I was like, I can leave it. Then I was like, shit, I'm going to do a YouTube thing with Dave and people looking back, who's this tool with the mustache? I think mustache is a back-end in style. Chris Bumstead had one, the last year's a one here, right? Remember even like you even said it to me, I remember eight years ago when I was prepping me for USA's and I had the mustache and all the pictures you were like, you look like Tom Selle. You do look like Tom Selle. You look exactly like him. And if you lost a little weight, you probably looked like Ray Mensei. Yeah, that would work. Yeah, I'd be getting a lot of assets. It was 1975. You know? The mustache is a right. I'm telling you. Yeah, mustache is an skinny jeans. You know, we can't do skinny jeans. No. My father had a mustache at my whole life, practically. And you know, when he shaved it, I didn't even recognize him. I was like, that was just like my image of my father. I never saw him in that mustache. But, you know, it works for some people. Some people don't look good without the mustache, you know? Yeah, it's true. Yeah, some people have a certain look. They can only look a certain way. So that's very true. I always felt like mustache has made people look more intimidating. A little, a little meaner looking, you know? Totally. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's always like I always said it's like if you have a son and you name him Carmine, by default. Yeah. He's not going to be a whimp. Like you know what I mean? Like it's a good name. You know what I mean? It's hard. So God, did he go to jail? Yeah, Carmine looks like he busts legs on the weekends, you know? He's going to do shady stuff. Like, oh my boy, for the same Carmine, I was like, oh, who's going to be good? I'm going to kill you with the meet-up. Oh, yeah, that's right. So one of the questions I wanted to start with for you today was, and a lot of people are new to the channel, but have been following a long time a lot of people as well. I knew, obviously you've done fish. You've done cat breeding, snake breeding. You've done a lot of stuff that I'm not even thinking of right now. Do you, in Florida, do you still have a lot of plants around your property? Like you in a plant anymore? Like what do you have going on for plants in your home, where on your property do you like? Yeah, and I'm big in the plants. I have a lot of trees, but you know what? I really didn't water them that much, and we had a really dry winter. And I, a couple of them, I lost a couple, but I around my garage, I'm kind of a seasonable, I put my seedlings and my little clippings and somebody that, and I have a cat dye growing, and I have all my fruit trees in pots that I'm growing up from small little, either seeds or little clippings. And it's funny because the ones in pots do way better than the ones in the ground. And I don't know, aside from the big fruit trees, like I have mango trees and my properties and my other cottage trees, but I think as I water them every day, plus the soil is not great in, see if the fertilizer is a lot in Florida. And for some reason, the citrus trees do horrendous in the ground because the bugs get them in pots by my garage. It's amazing. It's like I have a, like a green, like I almost have a green house, like right outside my garage. I forgot because of several months ago, I think it was a pineapple. Did you get your first pineapple? You took a Instagram video with? I've done a pineapple, but I also did another plant that's like a red pineapple, but it's not edible that one, and I just, I just actually have some pineapple's now. And once again, they're not edible, but I'm going to take them and I'm going to make more of them because they look cool, you know, you make it physically eat them. We produce mandarin's. I actually produced my first, I planted in a pot, a blueberry. I don't even know this. There's red blueberries. No, they know that. Yeah, I produced a couple of them. If they taste really sweet, they're really cool. Look, and they look pink almost. They're pink blueberries. And they're really cool. I did those. And I'm always, I'm always planting, so I have a little plant to also start that. I'm always putting stuff in there. And I actually, you know, I read potatoes and purple potatoes. I think we talked about this in one of the episodes. So I took the purple potatoes and I planted them in the plant, or like buried them in the soil, and I forgot about it. And I saw sprouts coming out of them and stuff like that. Sometimes you don't have to leave me in your house too long. They start sprouting, and they throw them in the soil. I said, throwing them in the garbage, I threw them in the soil. And they grew branches, they're like that. And I forgot about them. And then I said, one day I was like, kind of just like playing around the soil. And a potato popped out of the soil. And then I remember that they grow under the soil. They had to be like 30 potatoes under the soil that I grew up. So I actually produced potatoes, too. We were not playing. I didn't know, I only know that because back, you know, how it is. I'm sure in New York, they did it to somewhere. But we're from, you know, in the fall, you go apple picking and pumpkins and all that. But then they had these rakes and you would rake and you could dig up potatoes. I never done that before. So it was kind of cool. You kind of character in the ground, so you're like, yeah, be cool to do something. As the kids get old, you can take them. You can rake the potatoes. And then they'd understand like, wow, that's why they're dirty. They come out of the ground. You know, do you have any animals to try to eat everything? Or is that a problem? Yeah, I have wild peat. They were originally domesticated in another free peacocks that run around my neighborhood. And they steal a little the fruit. They steal my black, very bushes, too. They're delicious to use black rice. They steal everything if you give a chance to. And they're like, it's like, it's like a trooper that I'm going around. You would think like, and for some reason, my porch is there like, or they like to hang out there in the morning. And so you know, you know, how you get up in the morning and you're like, I got to go have my contact lenses in. I go to the window and look at, you know, it isn't this like a peacock, like in my face. And like, I like, and then there's one peacock, a female that like thinks from the top of my BMW X7 is a nest. It's in my garage on the top of that. My kids are throwing bread up to it, which means it's never going to leave, you know. So I'm just waiting for one that I come out there and there's going to be like a nest of eggs there and stuff like that. So it's just so funny how your life is so different than that. Well, you would have described it up 10 years ago. And the funny thing is this is the kind of, I love animals. Like so this is like my dream. I'm like, you know, my kids are getting, if I would have had this as a kid, I would have probably been a veterinarian or something like that, you know. Well, no, I know we've talked about it before, but the sense of I've been in the year, a place of half a dozen times every time I come up, even like you start with the porch, it's a nice piece of land. Like even from, it's like it's just kind of, you always have like a little breeze going on and you get a water in the back. It's nice. It's a nice place. I like the bill, though, like my own zoo, eventually, you know, there, but it's slow and going, I just actually got blue tree monitors. I was had to do some video. We'd put it up, they only get about there about three feet with their tail, but their bodies are about this big. And they basically, there are boreal, they like to hang out in trees. And that's in the league, like, bird eggs and stuff like that. The elite piece of raw chicken off the roof of a tongs, the insects, they'll put it into eating anything, but they're really tame. And they'll come on your arms, something like that, and they're blue. It's like the most incredible looking thing. Maybe Tuck, find a picture of a blue tree monitor, put it up there, but they're really kind of cool looking. And that's what that's my new little obsession I have now. I'm trying to build a big, or boreal cage. And I'm thinking about either putting it outside or maybe keeping it inside of the side. Because you could actually keep reptiles outside of Florida because the weather's so good. I knew that. I was looking at those things. I don't know if they can see it, but they're resting people can see it. They're super cool. You would never know if these things exist in your house. Is your wife Amanda Thrill with this new project? I think at first she didn't really, she was like, but then I think she's soar, and you can't not think these things are cool. And it's cool. So I bought quite, have you guys have you ever tried Quayle eggs? I love them. I never tried them. I love them. Quayle eggs is supposed to be, if you ever go to a good fancy sushi restaurant, someone will crack a Quayle egg over like a like a some tuna tartar or something like that. It's really good, but I actually really, really is. Oh, I'm sorry, I'm a rose. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm a rose. They did. And so they're like this big. They're like the eggs. And so suppose they eat Quayle eggs, which I went out and I bought, they actually have them in the public supermarkets. And it's like five bucks for like, and then this big, I think there was six of them or eight or 10 of them or something like that. You know, the little overpriced, I figured you know what? If I give it once a week, I'll give them a Quayle egg, because the shell is made of calcium. And calcium is good for these animals, need calcium. So it's a good way to get calcium into their body. I mean, we think about it. We take supplements. Animals need to supplement, especially if they're not outside and they're exposed to the sunlight, and they're eating wild things and something like that. So, Quayle eggs, so I'm sorry, a namin with these quayle eggs that I want to, my wife, you need to hold does, and she's like in one sitting there so small. I said I'm not eating them, but I said if we got Quayle and we bred quayles, I don't like chickens, chickens to me. I don't, they just, just something about the way they look and kind of freaks me out. And they poop all the time. So I've quayles, I kind of like almost look like dubs. They're, they're really cool. If I can breed Quayle and Quayle eggs seem to be much more valuable than regular chicken eggs. That would be great. Tyler would be harvesting that. I'd come out of like, where the hell are all the quayle eggs? Tyler, Tyler already, like, put him in his car, you know, so that's a possible future project. So speaking of plants, this is an interesting segue. And maybe you've covered this on your channel, but we've never spoken about it one on one through all my body building time and to each their own. Yeah. But you know, 2000, whatever, through 2000, whatever, I never, I've never, it's smoked marijuana in my whole life. I've never liked the smell of it or whatever, and edibles weren't really a thing. And a point of frustration for me when I was body building was, I sometimes I just wasn't hungry. And then once I realized that edibles existed back in 2018 and I tried one, I noticed I could eat more. And what I was trying to do in 2010 timeframe when we started working together was I was always trying to get my hands on prescription marinol, which was, I guess, stuff they give the cancer patients, it doesn't get them high, but allows them to eat more. So, but I always speculated, you know, I had good success within body building. And I felt part of the reason why I went by other people was, I felt like a lot of the people I knew that smoked a lot of weed were, they were a little more soft, and they held a little bit more water and they weren't getting as grainy. Now that was just my limited experience against other amateurs, but I just want to get your thoughts on all that, did you ever use marijuana, did you ever consider it to eat more? Like, what was your journey like with the plants? And that way. I, you know, I probably have maybe smoked pot maybe three times in my life. I just, it makes me feel very stupid. And I, I, I don't like that because in other words, it's fine when you're doing it, but I feel like it has a residual effect afterwards. I still feel like for a couple days like I'm out of it. And I don't know if that's just because I'm not used to it, but it's I never really liked it in terms of that. As far as eating goes, you know, I came from a running background. So I was running 10 miles a day for five year straight. My, and I used to starve myself, too, because I wanted to keep my weight down because for running. So my appetite is insatiable. So when I started allowing myself to eat to grow, there's nothing that could stop. Like, you know, there was even when I wasn't hungry, I could eat, I could always eat. And I had the ability to just pour stuff down my throat. And I don't have a gag reflex, nothing. So I, I had no problem eating. There were points where I didn't want to eat, you know, and I would force myself to eat, but I had no problem doing that. I know people that can't do that physically will throw it up. They just, they get a gag response going, I somehow, my body can handle. So I never had an eating problem. Okay. When I would die, I, I was, you know, I'm very disciplined, but I hated it because, you know, I was, I don't like to be hungry. I like to be like, you know, when I want, you know. So that wasn't an issue. But I do work with people who have appetite issues or maybe their stomachs, you know, I was talking to a professional eater, a Bartley Weaver, the other day who just turned pro, actually. And he does eating. And you know, these eaters drink enormous amounts of water during the day to stretch out their stomach. Rather than just eating enormous amounts of food, they don't want to get fat. They'll drink like a gallon of water at one time. And that what that does is it stretches your stomach. And when your stomach is stretched more, you can, you're, you're hungry because it, the, the appetite shut off has a lot to do with the stretch of the stomach. So that's how they're able to consume so much food, you know, when they're doing their eating contest. So I believe that, you know, maybe from drinking a lot of shakes, I think I stretched my stomach too, so I can, my capacity for food is better. But when I would die it and I would eat small portions, my stomach shrunk up. And you know that, you know, you try to go out and cheat me. You eat like, you know, normally we need to know, problem in your full right away because your stomach capacity. So I think that's a trick that you have to work on. And if you can't do it with food, when you wake up in the morning, drink, you know, try to drink, you know, 16, 32 ounces of of liquid, just pour water down your throat. The number one, it'll hydrate you really well. Number two, though, it'll give that stomach a little bit of a stretch and that's going to really increase your appetite or your capacity to eat more. People don't get past that capacity to eat more. I think that's a problem. Now, if you don't have a fast metabolism, there's no reason to do that. But for people that super fast metabolism, you gotta be able to consume enough food. And there's always that, like, while my eating too much food and overstretching my stomach and am I going to get an extended stomach? Well, for most people know, but, you know, obviously, when you get to the level of 300-plus pounds, I don't know, maybe that, you know, maybe at that point becomes counterproductive. I don't know. But the point is that if you have trouble eating that's number one way to do it, the second good way to do it would be to cut your carbs back. So you're in the middle of an offseason, you can't eat your eye eye can't eat a can't eat a can't eat. Cut your carbs back for three days. You'll be starving because your body will think it's dieting and your appetite will come back. And I do that with my guy. Sometimes I cut their protein back, actually, believe it or not. Sometimes people are just a little overly toxic because they're eating so much protein that their bodies are kind of getting behind and processing it. And so if you cut that, like, some of the cut it half and I'll actually increase their carbs for like a week and all of some boom made that they're hungry again. So this different reasons why people lose their appetite, you know, and I've never really experimented. I know back in my day, a lot of guys used something called terriactive. It was an antihistamine. The problem was the first seven days you took it, all you wanted to do was sleep all day. I never got through the seven days, so I never really used them. But I didn't really need it. But I know a lot of guys used that back in the day too. And my next question for you, it just popped into my head is speaking of that contest prep world. And I think this one's helpful to a lot of people. Now, I'll share my experience anecdotally and then you can explain if it makes sense logistically. So we'll use me as an example. So like a lot of times, you know, my diet with you would start just like everyone else is when they first start with you within, you know, some variants. Right. A lot of times for people that don't know when you and I would work together, what's my metabolism would get going? It would get going pretty good. And then you would just kind of poke at it when we needed to keep it going. Right. But interestingly, enough, a lot of times, I felt like I noticed, say a week off from a show after doing 13, 15 weeks of some sort of carbocation. A lot of times, I almost felt like you were, you would flip me and you would then lower the fats and then increase the carbohydrates. And I always speculated that if you've been burning fat for say 13 weeks, right? And then you take someone who's pretty lean and then you switch the fuel source and now you pull fats from their diet and then they're burning on carbs that sometimes the person might use their own body fat because that's the only fat available. Does that and it totally makes sense to you or what are your thoughts on that? Usually when people get stuck at the end, is when I start going anti-logic. I call it anti-logic. Because logically, you would think you would do this in this and it would work because it's been working the whole diet and then all of a sudden the person's stuck so you have to kind of do the anti-logical thing. Well, what, let's do the opposite of what we're doing. Let's increase carbs. Let's cut back cardio. Let's shake their body up. It's not working the way because it happens to the body catches on to what you do and it doesn't want to do it anymore. Now you throw a monkey wrench into the whole thing and the body is like, what the freak is going on here? And it starts burning fat. I did this with women. They were on no food. They're on three hours of cardio. They're on maximum fat burns. They're not losing a pound. I see you know what? Don't do any cardio for two days and let's add 30 grams of carbs three or four times a day. They're like, I'm going to gain weight and they want to lose five pounds. So your body will only take so much and then when it starts to shut down and re-bell against what you're doing, that's when you have to do something. That's why when people say, oh, it's the same diet to this person and to that person. Yeah, but you know why it doesn't, it gets changed considerably different for different people because not everyone is the same and not everyone's body responds the same. So the initial template of how a person starts doesn't even matter. It's it's irrelevant. You can start with anything, a diet. It's how it's altered on it on a daily weekly, however, often, however, often it gets changed. That's what makes the coach. The coach is the person who is changing the program because it's dynamic. It's not a static program. Now, I've worked with people. I've gone 12 weeks in a row and never changed no damn thing. Again, they lost two pounds a week consistently and they got in shape for a show. I, why? I don't know. That's just the way they're body work. I said, I would say every week I feel guilty. I feel like I feel guilty because I don't have to change anything. I said, but you know what, you get to eat a lot of food. You're not doing a lot of cardio and you get in shape who cares. The diet work perfectly for you. But for most people, you have to make changes. Usually those occur more so as you get closer to the show as body fat levels get lower because then the body starts to say, hmm, hmm, what's going on here? We better we got to slow this stuff down. I don't like the fact that this body matters so low. It's making me nervous. We got to trick the body into thinking that everything's cool. Sometimes more food, more carbs, which stimulates more insulin release, kind of will say to the brain, oh, we're fine. You know, we got, we got to, we got to like, oh, we got to plenty of food coming in. Oh, okay. All right. Let's pick up the metabolism again. So it's a game of, of observe process and then make a decision. That's why it's very hard to advise yourself that. You know, I have a guy came to me this week and I'm helping him with the last week prep and I'm like, and he was reducing his fat burn as an increasing his carbs and he's not in shape yet. He probably needs to lose another two to three pounds. I'm like, you're, you got two days left to do this. I said, you got to this every day counts now. You got to suffer for two days. And he's suffering and he's improving. So it's hard, you know, he's reading in a book or online. All right, at this point you had this many carbs. You can't follow formulas. If your body is not in the right place, I guess you could say, you know, and not everyone needs that many grams of carbs of this many. It's so variable. And for me to make a generalization would be not, you know, have you since, and I haven't asked you this. I was thinking about it since all that pancreatic stuff happened or whatever. Have you made some, did you make any dietary, do you enjoy changes? And if so, how is that affected your physique, either in your strength or your leanness or even your cognitive function? What's been going on with that? You mean with my thyroid, not pancreas? Sorry, yeah, yeah, I don't give any of these to any pancreatic problems. That's all right, that's all right. No, yeah, you know what? Nothing. And when I say, if I didn't know that I had cancer of the thyroid, I wouldn't believe it. I'd cancer of the thyroid because I never had a single symptom. The surgery, Tyler picked me up. I was pumping gas that the day he picked me up from the surgery. I didn't have any pain. I didn't have any fatigue. I went on the replacement like they told me to do and he had, and I didn't have any, I didn't notice any difference in my metabolism. How I looked or how I felt energy-wise. My friend bumped up my thyroid a little bit from I think I was taking 137 to, I found it up to, he up to like 175 or something like that on T4. Just because he thought my TSA was a little high and I didn't even notice a difference. So I met that. My last levels I got checked were normal and I feel this exactly the same. I don't feel any different, like I said, I don't, I'm sorry, if I'd never scar here, I wouldn't, I wouldn't believe I had my thyroid removed. And then I got the the radio activate, I had that one pill. I never even noticed I took it. So I don't know, you know, maybe I had very good results and I was lucky. I'm hoping you know when I get scan and whatever it is, another three or four months, you know, everything is fine. But luckily nothing. I didn't change my diet. I'm doing exactly what I did before. Okay. Question four, you were guarding a supplement related question. You know, well, two questions for you. Resveratrol, what are your thoughts on it as I see it coming up more and more within a lifespan category? And as someone like you that's got a family, you're at that point where you care about lifespan, health, and feeling good anti-aging. What's your thoughts on Resveratrol? You know, the research seems to be that it stimulates these cert two receptors, which, you know, have been shown when they're stimulated that it increases longevity. That's, you know, it's the same receptor that will get stimulated when you fast. Okay. When you're on low calorie diet. So it kind of like is like a, it's like a fast without having to do a fast, so to speak. Yep. I've taken Resveratrol before. I don't even know if it's in my regiment, I have so many vitamins I take. I kind of rotate stuff around. I don't think it could hurt although I've read that, you know, you don't want as a bodybuilder trying to put on mass. I think cert two stimulation is not so great because I think it does reduce IGF1 levels a little bit, which is exactly what they think. You know, less IGF1, you live longer supposedly. I don't know, there's a direct correlation. I remember seeing, I got to give Steve Blackburn credit for the CEO. He says, what's good for bodybuildings, not good for living a long time. So in other words, inflammation is good for bodybuilding in a sense, not excessive, obviously chronic, but some inflammation is good because it stimulates, you know, a record on gas and release and signals through the body to repair and heal itself. Whereas, if you try to live a one time, inflammation is not good because that's, you know, can lead you, you know, heart disease cancer, all that other stuff. But once again, we're talking about a cute inflammation is good because that's stimulus for, hey, repair my body, chronic inflammation, no good. You know, they did a study when they gave non-story land the inflammatorys to older people and they're like 80s, 90s, 100 years old, and they found that those people actually built muscle better when they were on these non-storyials because they were chronically inflamed for whatever reason. I don't know if it was age or later or whatever, dilated. When they gave those same non-storyials to younger people, they found that it inhibited muscle growth because in those people, it reduced inflammation too much. So what the correct answer is that you want to have some inflammation, but not too much inflammation, because some inflammation will signals. That's why sometimes if you eat a very anti-inflammatory diet, like I do like fish and egg whites or something like that, it's a good idea to eat some red meat, or some chicken, and they're periodically to produce, excuse me, a little or a academic acid, so that your body and the rockathonic acid we know is one of the essential fatty acids, CO-megasix, is a precursor to inflammatory across the gland. And so you want to have some. So it's not that's why if you're a vegative vegan, which would be a very anti-inflammatory diet, you probably want to take like the X-factor stuff myself from Bill LaWellon on mydaypalumbo.com website, because that will give you that arachytonic acid because the organs are very devoid in arachytonic acid. And we know arachytonic acid is necessary as an essential fat for muscle growth and repair. So once again, it's all about, always about balance. And so you have to find that right balance. I know I've seen on your Instagram or sometimes on your when you've posted stuff in the past that I'm sure there are I'm assuming there are some people that are surprised when Dave brings his kids and they eat some chicken nuggets or something like that and you're capped in health. Everyone's super apparently know that right? Super everyone's a guru. So that being said, where I'm headed with this question is as I love I always appreciate how you always remind me how neurotic I am. Take you to know what that is a mutual love and respect there. And obviously at this point in my life, I'm not a parent. But I have some family members that have some of our kind of characteristics. But honestly, they're phenomenal parents. My question for you is as some that's neurotic with yourself in certain areas. But maybe you're like, you know, if my kid wants us some gummy bears in a twizzlers that we're going to do that, are there areas as a parent where you are neurotic that we like know iPads after APM or like, where, walk me through this where the day this, I'm shows up as a parent. Yeah, my, you know, my kids don't listen to anything I say unfortunately. My wife is really the one they listen to. But and they don't even still, my kids like walk all over us in a sense. But maybe we've enabled that. I don't know. I think my son is a lot like me, but he's also like a, a not a lit. He doesn't like to listen. With food, with kids it's weird because kids are weird eaters and stuff like that. So you don't want him to not, you don't want to make him so neurotic about food that they don't eat anything. So, you know, like my daughter-to-money and he, she's in the stage because they go through stages where she won't eat any protein. She just wants like carbs, frorly fruit and she'll eat, you know, anything with carbs that it passed the mac and cheese, she was just not eating protein. But you know what the doctor, the prenatures are that these kids will eat protein when they crave protein. And then I'll see my kids go through stage with all they want us protein. Like my son will be eating cheese burgers and they'll be eating chicken nuggets and you know what the truth is? I believe that kids can pretty much get away with eating anything. They're like, they're like little garbage disposal. They can, they can extract the nutrients they need from that because their bodies are so young. Now, if they're overweight because they're eating junk food. Like sometimes my, my, my second daughter will, you got to be careful with her because she can have that tendency. So I got to limit desserts with her. I try to get her stuff. It's like a little healthier and no fruit to high-fruits, a corn syrup and it's over there. But if you kids and not overweight and they're eating this food and they're metabolizing it, they don't worry about. I mean, I ain't McDonald's every day for 10 years and I have no clockages in my arteries because I had no, I have no body fat. In other words, I wasn't accumulating this stuff. So if they're burning it, I don't think it's the end of the world for them to eat stuff. And I'm changing my, my paradigm because before I was a parent, I'm like my kids are eating nothing bad. But it's an unrealistic paradigm because kids, you know, want to be kids. And so I, and if you're deprived, find if you deprive them when they're young, they tend to go crazy when they get older and they have the ability to go by the food themselves. My kids are like, I was de-sensitized. My idol junk food in my house is a kid. I don't know why my mother bought whatever we wanted. She was sugar cereals and all that out of the crap. By the time I had high school, I was becoming an athlete and learning about how to eat and something that I didn't even want to do that stuff anymore. I'm like, I already had it. I'm like, ugh, you know. So I think that there's a balance. I look, I eat to chicken nuggets. My kids leave over the chicken nuggets. I'm like my father. I clean off their plate. I eat everything. That's just the way it is. You know, we've got it. We went to a water, uh, what is it called? Sun splash. It's a water park. They got a snack bar. They, you know, they, wouldn't they got their, they got burgers, they got fries, they got chicken to, I eat chicken tenders. They, they're probably, the burgers are probably healthy and the chicken tenders because they're all breaded, you know, deep fried. I'm like, not at least a meat and chicken, you know. I mean, I mean, everyone's french fries and I'm eating the burgers that they leave over. So, you know, but I got a fastman haveles. I don't do it every day, but, you know, every, every day I'll eat a little snack here and there. But like I said, I can do that. If I was overweight or, you know, sometimes I, I'm always checking my blood sugars. My blood sugars are high. I'm like, oh, I gotta stay away from these fried foods, you know, or maybe I'm eating to any carbs. You know, I'm a little neurotic, but at the same time, I'm a little more relaxed now because I'm not really competing and stuff like that. I try to balance my protein intake with my carbon dicts. So, sometimes some days on a higher and protein. If I feel like really depleted, I'll go higher and carbs. I kind of go by instinct now, you know. My blood sugars are usually fairly good. Sometimes they run high if I eat a really, really crappy meal. They'll stay elevated for a couple hours. But my blood work is a little pretty normal at this point. So, I'm not really getting too crazy about anything. You know, I always check my kidney function. I know that's something you probably do to create any levels. If your creatine's normal, then there's nothing to worry about. If my, when my creatine was a little higher several years back, I was watching my protein intake. Now, my protein intake has raised it up a lot more and reduced my carbs a little bit more because my kidney function is fine. Now, I probably didn't even need to reduce the protein intake. But that's how I'm like, you, I'm totally neurotic. I go by blood work. If the blood work is not right, then I want to get my body arrested and let my kidneys regenerate a little bit. And when my creatine is normal, which is better, you know, almost like one or something like that or, you know, one point one, then I feel good eating whatever I want in terms of protein. So, you know, if that's what happens when you get old, you have to kind of like cycle your eating. I think that's a good way to put it. I just don't think at 53, 60 years old, unless you're competing, okay? Because if you're competing, obviously, differently. If you're not competing, there's no reason to be eating, you know, six, eight times a day, you know, jamming three, four, and jamming three times a protein in a day. I just don't think it serves a purpose. If you're competing, however, and that's something that you want to do, then obviously that's, then that's, you have to eat that way. Talk to me a little bit about, I don't know if, I think, when you lived in New York, you had at least one, you might have had two properties at some points or maybe even other things, right? So obviously, at some point you dabbled in real estate and, you know, you have your place here in Florida. Obviously, you've been close with Chris Hasido forever and when I can recall, I know he's comes from the real estate world. So he lives in operates and within that extensively. My question for you is, as someone that's been in that world and then, you know, I get, you see stuff on YouTube with people like, oh, by a single family home when you can't, what's your thoughts on that is someone that's kind of been down that road? You know, the thing I, I did in New York, I had actually, it's 1.3, and I sold one of them. It was in that such a great area. It was in an okay area and I was making rent, but for some reason the town was breaking my balls about they wanted it to be owner occupied. It was a two family house, but they wanted to live in it. Why they changed the laws after however I owned it five years. So I sold it and I actually made a very good profit on it. I think I made like 200 grand profit on it or something like that. And right after I sold it, the real estate dropped. So I actually did well on that. When I sold my two, I decided one house and then I had another house around the corner, I was renting one of them out. And when I moved, when I decided to move and I sold both of them, it was at an all-time low. So I made a few bucks in the houses, but I could it, right now they're they're double what I, what I actually sold mine from. So it's kind of like, oh, but the taxes there were really, really high. So when you buy a house to invest, you have to number one say, okay, it's not just how much the house costs. What is it, what is the maintenance on it? What is it going to cost you to make the house? What are your taxes? In New York, it's really high, you know, these the taxes are so high you almost can't make enough money on the rents because remember, there's always going to be months where something goes wrong. When someone's going to pay your rent, you're going to have to kick out a tenant that doesn't pay for two, three months. Are you going to lose money because of that because you're paying, you know, $2000 a month in taxes, you know, you have to, that has to be, you know, figured into the whole process. So I really didn't like being a landlord because you know, whenever I let my friends live there, I always had a problem because then they thought they didn't have to pay me. And when I went through real estate, I got better results. But when people are at the end of this string or they don't, they lose their job. But the one guy became an alcohol. Now I got a, I got a higher lawyer. I got to get him thrown out. I got to be vetted. It was a pain in the ass. So I really didn't enjoy being a landlord. However, I'm not opposed to buying real estate as an investment. I bought the house across street right there for here because I liked it. You know, I thought it would be nice to have be able to give it to my kids. It thought it was a good investment. The real estate here in Florida is crazy. I could almost, you know, double, maybe double my money. I don't even know. But I don't even, I don't want to sell it though, you know. So, and it'll never be this high again. It'll probably go back down. So, you know, you have to say, why are you buying the property? You buying it as an investment or to sell or to rent or you buying it because it's something down the road you want to have, you know, or as, because I think real estate is better than money in the bag. You know, so you can get something low at a good deal and you have the money in the bag and you can buy cash. I think that's, I think it's a great investment because it flanned and houses don't, you know, don't lose value if you get them in a good rate. Now, if you're buying high, now you can lose money. You know, so like now, if you go buy a house in Florida, you're going to pay a lot more than it's worth probably. And they might drop down, you know, considerably over the next two years. But everyone wants to move out in New York and they want to buy a house in Florida now. So the real estate's super high. So this is, but there will be a drop and that during that drop, if you have money and you want to invest, that's a good deal. I tell people all the time, if you're renting your crazy, you go buy a duplex, like you said, down here in Florida, you live in one side of it, you rent the other side out, the other side pays your mortgage and all your expenses you live for free. I mean, that's the first house you buy. You don't go buy a small house that you have to lay out money for and have a mortgage on because now you're, I mean, it's better than paying rent. They'll get me wrong. But if you can get someone else paying your mortgage and rent, even if it costs you a little bit more upfront, you'll make out like a bandit. And then I know people like you said, well, buy multiple units. So take every dime they have or they'll just, they'll get mortgages, they'll get, you know, they'll put down the minimum. But then you're banking on the fact that these people are going to pay you rent every month. Now, renting is good now because people want to rent. But that doesn't mean they're going to pay you because if they lose their job or COVID hits, people just don't care. They're just not going to pay. They're not going to, they're not going to lose a day as a night as sleep over it. But you will when you have to still pay your mortgage. So there's benefits and there's negatives, you know, it depends on, you know, if you like to gamble. But like I said, if you have money in the bank, I know guys like to got settlements for court cases or their job gave them something and they went, they actually go by a house, by a house, by a house, by a house. And they went and they, you know, over five years spent the money, I'm nothing and I have nothing to show for it. If they would have bought the house, lived in half of it and rented half of it, they would have something to show for their money, you know. Yep. Yeah. What I've been doing is, um, I'm experimenting with the now. So I won't know for seven years. But I'm one of those people that got grant card on YouTube. So I gave him money. So we'll see in seven or eight years if I get a lot of money back. Oh, yeah, I have a couple of you I didn't that. I know a couple guys that did that. I have a snake reader in friends with it. He's big until getting involved with these, these guys that have these funds with a, they buy developments and these, but complexes exactly. Yeah. He thinks it's a great deal. But you know what, I, I, I, I got a very bad taste. I invested in a gym a number of years ago about 10 years ago, 15 years ago. And I was making a good, I was making a good amount of money. They were paying me every month and then they just stopped. So I said, I'm never investing with someone else. If I'm going to do what I'm going to do myself now because you know what, I'm smart enough now to do what I learned the hard way. I'm not giving anyone else my money because you know what, if they need my money, then maybe it's not such a good investment. Why wouldn't they just use their money? You know, to do it. So now I understand there's people that get other people's money and then invest it and they're making money. If you're money, but I get worried when when that comes about. Yeah, because I have a very similar approach where I tell myself where once I give someone money, I have to assume I might not ever get back. Yeah, that's what I've accepted that it's gone and if it comes back, I'm just going to be thankful. Yeah. But that's how it is because otherwise I wasn't at a point where I could buy a commercial building in Florida before COVID for $3 million. That was not going to be realistic. I didn't want to get into a situation like that. So final question is the close with today is, it's funny because we talked about it before we went on camera, but not specifically, you want to snake business for some people. Now, what's the hardest thing about owning a snake business for you? And I believe it's one thing, what's the hardest thing about it that people want it now? Well, number one, I don't have enough time to dedicate to it. I just hired someone to find a full-time worker and he's been really, really good. This guy, Pa, blowing. He's, uh, he's into snakes too and he was one of my customers and he lives local to me. So he's really been helping me up. But the thing about business, especially if you own more than one business, is you, you need help, okay? Because you don't want to create another job for yourself. You want to create a way to make money. Now, I, I, I pre-sakes, I love the snakes. I wouldn't do it if I didn't like it. I don't do anything. I don't like, okay? So, I really love it, but I, I escalated the size of my collection. People ask me how many snakes you got. And I've been telling about 350. He, this guy's probably counted my snakes. I have 650. Okay? So I underestimated my collection by 50%. And now I have babies hatching from my egg. So, you know, have you, another couple hundred. So, you know, you have to, you know, that, it is a lot of, you know, poop to clean and a lot of mouths to feed. And there's a monthly expense to that. And I don't, that's not an intimidate because I know I've been selling, I sell a lot of snakes. And I use my YouTube channel, my muscle serpets University YouTube channel to educate people like I do here in our muscle. And that's how I sell snakes because people, you know, feel comfortable buying for me. And I, and I, I'd like to believe that I have a good quality animals, um, and, and good, cool, new stuff. I'm always producing. And that's, that's the creative side of me. That's like the, instead of painting a picture, I'm painting a picture with animals. So, um, but the take home message here, the hardest thing to do in businesses, if you don't like the business, or you don't like what you're doing, you're creating a very, very, very big job for yourself that you're going to hate every single day. I like what I'm doing, or I would not breed animals. And so, that the easy part for me is the fact that I'm doing something that I really like. The hard part is that is managing all the different working parts between, luckily my wife runs the, the nutrition business and the arts muscle, all the books and stuff like that. She does all the orders and everything like that for daypalomber.com. But it's a team effort. You know, we, you know, I'm always moving myself around and then you want to make sure you have time for your kids. So, that's the hardest part. Finding the time to do what I need to do over there. Final question for you, because you just gave some great business advice for people. And I was thinking about this from a more personal one is I know you've talked about it over the years. I've heard you mentioned it in your late 20s, maybe late 20s, early 30s, you were married once. Yeah. Now, you're in a second chapter of your life. You have a family, you're married again. As someone that's, you know, judged us this now and kind of making it all come together, what kind of advice would you give to people as someone that did it once and then did things again? What have you learned in the context of relationship? Now that your 53 would say, hey, this is what I've learned is really the keys to making relationship work. Now that I have a lot more experience. The key is you attract who you are. You understand what I'm saying? Yes, I do. The reason why a lot of us are not in a, there are a few people meet their high school sweetheart and go through the whole life and die, you know, 90 years old, holding each other's hands. Okay? Because most people change as they as life progresses, they hit different stages in their life. And the person who they met when they were 22 that served them beautifully then, right? The relationship was amazing then because that, what, who you are then, no longer serves you when you get the 30 years old. And then the person you made a 30 years old, okay, which was heavily, right? It was perfect. Everything worked perfect. No longer serves you when you're 40 years old. Because now you have some people, some people never change. So, those people, so you can go through relationships and I've been through relationships and with people who I'm no longer in a relationship with, and then the same as they were, I changed you know. So, I, you know, no longer attracted that person. So, now I'm attracted something different, you know. So, I think that, you know, you shouldn't get so hung up necessarily on the fact that you made a mistake or that you didn't do anything right. You know, when I was bodybuilding, it was a selfish lifestyle. And I was dating people who were, you know, selfish too in a sense and, and it worked, right? I wasn't looking to have kids or anything like that. But when I started not competing anymore, and I wanted to move on to that next level of having a serious relationship with someone who I would, I'd even consider to be the mother of my children, you attracted a different person. That's when I attracted my wife. So, you know, that's just part of life. And I think we all go through saying, oh, I gotta find that person, oh my god, you know, I'm gonna go to this club this time, I'm gonna go to this now don't even worry about it. You will attract, you'll find them into supermarket or you'll find them in, you know, my first, my first wife, it's funny. I was very depressed, I was in medical school, it was my birthday, my sister's, I'm gonna take you out to a club to your birthday, I was dieting for competition, I'm like, I don't want to go out, I'm like, I'm just dieting, no, you're going out. Okay, we go to this club and my sister had been telling about this girl that she knew from the gym or something like that. And my sister says, insist on holding my wallet, because I have one of those big, fat Italian wallets, I always had them. And I had my rent money in there and I had no money at this point. And my sister lost my wallet. It goes in the bathroom and leaves my wallet on the sink or something like that. And they call me on the overhead speaker that they found my wallet. Oh, it's like, I don't want it, and they are describing it and it was mine. I knew it right away. I'm like, do you have my wallet? She's like, oh, so I go in there, of course, everything's in there except the money, which is my rent. And then, so I'm like, really mad at my sister now. And I'm hungry and I don't want to be there. And then all of a sudden this girl, you know, comes up, hey, what's up? She thinks my, my sister's my girlfriend. I guess I had seen her in the gym a couple times. I didn't know that was the same girl. My sister was talking about and turned out to me that, you know, my first XY foot ever barber. And we went up talking, she came here and I said, I got to get out of here. My sister lost my rent and I didn't just, I didn't even care. I could care less than make anyone on that particular day. You know, usually you're out looking, looking, look, I had that, like, I don't give her shit attitude. I just want to get out of here. You know, I'm hungry. I think it was the last thing. And that's how it happens, you know? And so, you know, you attract to your arm. It worked. I really, really, because I was with her for like, you know, eight or eight years, something that's so, but it was, but the point is that I think people try too hard and then they try to go back and analyze what did I do wrong. Well, you know, what you probably did nothing wrong. You know, you probably, that's who you work. You change who you are. You attract someone different. You know, final question for I keep saying it. But now I got to work in one more because I'm just fascinated to hear your answer. So, you have three kids now, so you're like a professional baby-making factory over there. Was going from two to three hard or was it just business as usual? Like, I've always heard ones like, wow, this is a change to you're like a crew. And then three, what's three like, is it any different? Three was hard at the end, because then I, you know, I really had to take a really, really active role because obviously my wife couldn't, you know, head on, three kids and she's with the baby and so I had a really, you know, be up, be available a lot more to watch the other two kids. And yeah, that's definitely the more you have the more level, the higher the level of responsibility. And you know, try taking three of those kids out, you know, with you. My wife and I weren't together. They would be my sons everywhere. You know, they're running around like lunatics. It, it, it absolutely is, but it's, it's good. I, to be honest with you, I really wouldn't, I know my wife wants more would say she would want more. I don't want anymore. I think three is great. And this is, after reason that I don't want more kids, it's just that I think when you get too many, it's like you start neglecting some of them. And I don't, I don't want to ever, I want them all to feel like they got my attention. Even though they're super jealous over, you know, if this one gets this and this one doesn't get that and I want to go with that and, you know, that kind of stuff. But it, it does get more complicated. I think three is, is ideal right now. And we have three bedrooms upstairs. So, I don't want to start doubling up, you know, kids and third bedrooms. Everyone 12 years old lives in the house across the street, plus some 50s, my wife's, I'm 53. I don't want to be 90 and be taking my kids the graduation, you know. Well, I recently heard like Clint Eastwood of course, Super Famous, his son's got Eastwood. I think he had him when he was like seven. Oh, I believe it. Yeah, I believe it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, some of these guys had some, some Michael Douglas didn't also have kids like, yeah, you're right. Yeah, Captain Zeta Jones. So there you go, you're like, you're like, you're like, the body building version of Clint Eastwood. Where we got him? By the way, he said, 20 Chris, Chris, the Cito had had, um, because young kid, you know, he's got two grown teenagers, but he's got two young ones too. So I'm like, he's got four in their all boys, you know. So because they were trying to go for the girl and having got the girl. You know, so. Yeah, well, that's good. Well, I think that's what we're going to close with here today, Dave. So thanks for as always making the time and educating the listener. So until next time, we're out.