After working hard at the gym, you need a mattress that works as hard as you do. Spinaline has engineered the perfect mattress for you and your active lifestyle. Don't compromise your recovery with inferior sleep or to your spinaline mattress today. After working hard at the gym, you need a mattress that works as hard as you do. Spinaline has engineered the perfect mattress for you and your active lifestyle. Don't compromise your recovery with inferior sleep or to your spinaline mattress today. Spinaline has engineered the perfect mattress for you and your active lifestyle. Don't compromise your recovery with inferior sleep or to your spinaline mattress today. The rush begins once pre-workout vape. I'm Dave Polumbau, founder of Spices Nutrition. I created Spices Nutrition with one mission in mind to provide bodybuilders and serious athletes with no nonsensoplements that work and are backed by science. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body and that lives on in the Spices Nutrition line of products. We use only top of the line formulations, toast for maximum results and the best flavoring systems available. I put my name and reputation on every bottle of Spices Nutrition products. If you want to be in your apps, you'll best join the evolution. while we live on more detail. To borrow more information, you need to check when you can read all the information down here. You could ask another question to me, but I have been saying what everybody does though. What we do is we just buy a box before we use the WTA and go to campus. going to have revirations, permutations, whatever you want to call it, going all the way into December. And that is seven times a year. Olympia Philheb committing to do the Olympia, make the big shock announcement last Friday. Yeah. I mean, we all speculated that this would be a really good move for Phil. I need nowhere as head was at. I mean, but let's face it. I mean, during these COVID times, no one's doing great in business, maybe Jay color, but no one else is doing great. So I can't imagine Phil's killing it. He can't really do that in appearances. And so before I'll pay to, you know, and winning your eighth sand now, you're stock through the roof. I mean, plus he's also now Danny Garcia's manager now and the rock and Danny just bought the XFL football league and they're planning the rock, one of those games called, they're calling them the whatever the games that they're doing on our whole plan. Athletic kind of excuse me is going to be next year now. So Phil's got a good team behind him there and they're willing to promote him. So I guess winning another Olympia would certainly race his stock through the roof. And like I said, you know, when you take a year off sometimes and you disappear, people forget, it seems like now Phil's like the savior coming back to save body building until he's got a better, I guess, fan base behind him now as opposed to people were looking, they wanted to see him lose when he was seven times a year now that he's coming back. It's like I was like, people want to see if he can win a, you know, that's the fickle nature when it comes to greatness, right? I mean, you have someone who won the Olympia seven times and you know, you can very well argue that he in many ways transformed into having that that villain role, right? We talked about this when I interviewed Phil earlier this year or last year, either Dubai, I'm also showing he talked about the comparison between him and LeBron James and, you know, assuming that villainous role, right fans are rooting for you to feel. Right now, you know, I was not in he finds himself in a position where fans are rooting for him, rooting for him to do well. Of course, you know, all that's a stake is that he has a chance to tie a hanging and Coleman with eight Mr. LeBron tiles. That's something I just wanted to get a quick thought on you because that is something that we talked about last year. How important was that to fill the comeback and see if he could tie and get onto that Mount Rushmore? I know Phil would say, oh, it doesn't matter. I have seven wins already, but let's say Phil's a very competitive guy. There's no way he doesn't want to, no, I don't think he's that thinking eight. I think he wants nine. He wants to be the king of the rules so that people won't say, well, he's just as good as, no, they want to say he was the best Mr. LeBron if he was the most wins. And, you know, if he wins this year, there's no way he's not coming back to the next year I think he can't win. So he could win ten times, you know, we don't know. I mean, we don't know like what's going to happen these next couple years. So if you can get back on top and his body looks good and he's healthy, there's no reason why he can't win a couple more times. This year, we didn't even know who's going to show up this year, basically. Obviously, if he lost this year, would be huge bloated. But I don't think he could, you know, I don't think he could be, I don't think him coming back has any negative connotations except to Zego if he doesn't win, but it's only good for business, you know, for him and for the Olympia. And then if somehow Sean Rodin settles his case before that, and we see a rematch between those guys, that's going to be, you know, that's going to be grounds for one of the best Olympias. Well, that's not also forget waiting in the wings, the defending, Mr. Olympia, champion and branding carrier, he's going to have something heavy to say on December. So, let's start on that. As we go to the first two questions, of course, in the day-plumbo experience, the first question, Dave, you on, you increased both on heavy muscle radio said that you don't think, Phil Headsmith's session can or will improve for the 2020 Olympia. The question is, why do you say that critics of Rurali Winkler previously labeled him as a bubble gut and now people often refer to him as someone who is living proof that you can reverse a bubble gut, are you assuming the reason Phil has to stension is different than the reason that Rurali did? I don't think that Phil's main problem is the distension because you can control that could be just the fiber supplement, will fix the distension and controlling himself on stage. He's got a lot of muscle on a small, not necessarily a big frame, he's cartoonish, but he doesn't have super wide plavicles. He has his waist has gotten thicker over the years as the rest of him has gotten thicker. The problem is he doesn't have a large space to spread it out on, like, I say, a J-color or Rurali Winkler. Rurali's super wide bone structure wise. Phil is not, he's just around. He's going to have a tougher time with that, especially on the standing and the lacks poses, but it doesn't matter because he really almost beat everyone, even with the problems he was having. I don't see anyone better than that Olympia. Rurali would be the only guy to give him run for his money and Rurali is a couple of years all the now too. We don't even have Rurali in the show. I just don't think that anyone's that close. The Phil Rurali just happened to be right there with him waiting for Phil to kind of just not show up at his best and that's why Rurali won, but Rurali didn't win by a mile. I don't think that Phil has to be that much better. He just has to maybe work on controlling the midsection using a good fiber, self-inkeep, everything flat when he's on stage so that no one can complain about that. But he doesn't have any weaknesses. He doesn't have any torn body parts, so to me, he's an easy way and if he shows up at his best. The second question again from the day below experience, that Dave, I'm always hungry, even when not dieting and have low leptin levels, so there's any way to increase this. So increases in leptin levels. Yeah, the problem is that having high leptin doesn't mean you're going to have less appetite, even though leptin is the hormone that reduces appetite, they've actually found in studies that obese people have the highest amount of leptin in their body, which doesn't make sense because why they was hungry and eating. Well, because their sensitivity to leptin is low. In other words, their receptors for leptin are not there. So they have all this leptin hormone and the body keeps releasing more and yet it's not working. So the key is to increase leptin sensitivity and receptors so that your body can respond to your leptin. Actually, the lipolice fapper that I saw from species nutrition has one of the ingredients, it's a leptin sensitizer and that's why a lot of people like it because it kills your appetite and it doesn't really kill your appetite. What it does is it restores it to normal because it enables you to react and respond to the leptin that your body is releasing. And that's important. I think a lot of people don't realize that you know, leptin is not the answer. It's the leptin receptivity that's important in the body. Same thing with insulin. You can have enough insulin in your body, but you still can have high blood sugars because you just don't have enough insulin receptors. So your receptivity is low. And that's the important thing. Let's go to our Instagram questions again. If you're not following this on Instagram, our handle is official underscore RX muscle and again, you're working us for the first time. Yeah, because a lot of people ask me how can they submit questions? Well, that's the best way. Explain to people the best way to submit questions and when to post. So every Wednesday, generally, we record the show on Wednesdays. In the morning, we post basically the post that says, as Dave, though, we're filming today, that's where you have your chance to ask a question. That's, that's 95% of it. So I mean, I'll be giving you one. I just DM us a question if this during the course of the week, go right ahead. We can put that on the pile as well. But those are the two ways that we take questions for this show. And again, if you're not already following it, subscribe to us on YouTube. Hit the subscribe button below. Hit the notification button. Not going to miss any of our upcoming shows segments. A lot of you see to talk about now, you know, I mean, that who knows who could be next. So, you know, we're going to have reaction videos, go roar and all sorts of fun leading all the way between now and December. I'll finish the episode. We advertise said, if you don't subscribe to the channel, you don't get the notification. You're going to miss the sale. And a lot of these sales were sold out in an hour or two after, you know, if we do a species nutrition like sale, where I have some short data product or something like that. So if you want to know when we're doing all this stuff, you got to get notified. And you do that. Subscribe to the channel and turn your notifications. And again, if you like what you're watching hit the thumb up button, comment below. Obviously that helps us immensely. And as always, we appreciate all the support of our explanation. Let's go to the question. First question from Big Daddy Janks. What is the best course of action fight metabolic burnout in the final least of contest prep? You know, when I do a lot of times with a lot of people on work with it, it's hard to do this yourself because you never want to let off the gas because you think, well, I got the show coming up. Sometimes I'll just tell, especially even with women because I work with women pretty hard, because they have trouble getting lean a lot of ladies because their metabolism is just by nature, not as good as men's and they're not using his drugs or any drugs. So what I'll do is, and I see there really you start to burn out and then that responding. And I'm low up in cardio, lowering food and not losing weight. And I know they're not cheating. I'll give them a couple of days. I'll give them a day off. I've got no cardio the next two days. They're going, what? I mean, you have to be doing two hours of cardio. I said, no cardio. And what that does is it restores their body, gives their bodies a chance to kind of rest a little bit more, recover, and it tricks the body. And to think, oh, everything is fine. And we're not overworking, you know, cortisol levels drop a little bit and then things start to respond. I'll even feed them on those days, which they freak some out even more. Wait, I can do any cardio and you can give me carbs. I absolutely am. And you know what a lot of times happens nothing. They don't gain any weight or lose any weight. Sometimes they lose. It's just because their body's been overwork. So if you're feeling like you're burnt down, don't use it and it's too lazy. But if you're legitimately not responding, you're body anymore and you're just lowering and lowering stuff and up in cardio. And it's still not doing anything. Take two days off from cardio. You know, you still do your way to take your cardio off. Take a full day off from everything. Maybe sleep, you know, an extra hour to that day. And you might have to do like a clean carb, you know, one or two days in a row. If you're at four, six weeks at, it's not going to set you back. It's going to believe it'll recharge the batteries. Let's go to Lizaro's public is in Correlex. The same as IGFLR 3 or a peptide form of IGFD recommended a peptide form. Of IGF or should I or am I better off with GH and swim in a course of AAS? All protein or peptide same word. Okay hormones from insulin to thyroid to IGF1 to growth hormone. These are peptide hormones. You can call peptide, you can call poly peptide hormones. You can call protein hormones. There are hormones that are based on proteins, not, you know, fats, the storodles, you know, like the animal extorodling. So, long R3 IGF1 is legitimate IGF1 that they'd added the side groups onto to make it less recognizable by the IGF1 binding proteins in the bloodstream that inactivated. So if the inactivation proteins can't recognize the IGF, it stays in the bloodstream and it functions better and longer. Okay, whereas if you use regular IGF1, the one that your body would naturally produce, your body will inactivate it very quickly. So the inperlex brand is regular IGF1. It's it's synthetically made like GH is they they it's reconvenently made using bacteria that express the human IGF1 gene. They isolate that and they give it to kids and very large dosages to help grow better. Because let's face if you give kids a lot of GH, you know, it can make them really insulin resistant. So they find it that in the lily these kids they can just give my GF1 and it works even better. The problem is once again, it probably needs to be administered, you know, and more frequently for body builders and remember we're not trying to get the long bones to grow. And I got to grow and most most people using IGF1, they're adults they're not your long bones have stopped growing already. So you're trying to get muscle growth from this. So you got to understand and like I said, I've never really compared or seen the study or when I was competing their in for likes wasn't around. And all I know is that the long the real long R3 IGF1 worked really well in me and I gained a lot of way from it using small amounts you have to micro dose the stuff if you take too much of it it stops working right away with in for likes the dosages higher. But you know you're probably better off maybe spreading an out a little bit more throughout the day like in a couple shots maybe too shots. The good thing is you probably won't stop responding to it as quickly because it's not in your blood stream as long remember the longer the stuff remains in the blood stream like long our freeze and there for up to 20 hours. The more chances your body have is reducing IGF1 receptors because the body is being flooded by the IGF1. Whereas when you take the regular IGF1 that doesn't last that long you're probably not going to downgrade the receptors reaction very much because of the fact that it's not in the blood stream. So unfortunately both circumstances are not ideal because one you're getting a long life of the IGF1 but you're it's but it's your body stops responding to it. So I have people do four weeks on two weeks off cycles of it. Whereas in the other case your body doesn't down regulate as quickly but it doesn't it's not in your system long enough to really get exorbitant amounts of growth. So there's pluses and minuses on both sides. Let's go to kel 1883 on 44 years old been on a year since I was 22. I can't really see myself getting much bigger but pretty happy to sit where I am. I find taking 250 MG of task 220 MG of mandrel on every 16 days. He's me looking good and mentally feeling great. I seem to be able to keep a good standard of muscle this way. You think the guy should stay on this until say 65 and actually be healthy from it as the doses are so small. You know if you tell me we take the testosterone like that say yeah but you know that guy is an animal external meaning that it's not something naturally produced in the body. Yeah it probably doesn't have any toxicity issues because it's a long acting but it's not like a normal natural hormone that the body finds in there all the time. So I would probably cycle the the deck on and off and you I would probably do my shots every week because every two weeks you're going to need. I know you're saying you feel good but you're probably getting some ups and downs and blood levels. So if you I would just do the testosterone year round for as long as you want as long as you're feeling good on it you know 200 milligrams a week or so like that one to 200 milligrams. And then if every you know every couple months you want to throw in maybe eight to ten weeks of deck with the test I would do that. I don't know if I would run the deck all the time with the testosterone. Hey unless you want I mean it's up to you and if your health markers are fine you're not your blood crush is not elevated you know you're not having any issues with cholesterol pro you know profiles being screwed up. Kidney function is good then then don't worry about it, but you know what I just find that usually you know test off and something that a body's you know naturally produce and when you're trying to replace that's what we call homeowner placement. You want to replace what your body really produces not what it doesn't produce so. There's nothing wrong with running some deck of cycles in there at very low dosage but I don't know if I would run them year rounds. Let's go to rehab fix what do you think is the most common injury amongst body builders and how could bodybuild a potentially prevent these injuries. Probably should I hear the most about shoulder shoulder injuries seem to be the most prevalent and that's because that joint it's a multi you know multi you've joined. So there's a lot more movement in that joint whereas here you know your knees and your elbows are just kind of hinge joints so they don't really have a lot of movement. Also think about the amount of weight that we lift and put on that strain on our shoulder joints you know if you don't have like perfect anatomical structure in there. You get a lot of rubbing and grinding and ultimately you wind up you know your body's not meant to bench press for in your pounds but we all. You know if you're at an elite level body building most people can do that. Problem is that you're getting a lot of cartilage damage in their rotator cuff poles you know because that's face that you can't always be on your game. You're going to be a little off the weights going to move a little bit of shift a little in the wrong direction you're going to pull something here and there and it's a cumulative thing you're chemitively doing damage over years and years and years. So even if you don't really hurt yourself just like you know acutely like tear something. There's wear and tear injuries over the course of years. That's why you don't really see a lot of great body goals into their 50s or 60s. That's to being you know like probably you know and novely and maybe Vince Taylor because it's a cumulative injury type of thing over the years and years. You see a lot of guys getting shoulder replacements and something that even a few hip replacements. I would say the shoulder joint is the most vulnerable and the only way to save it would be not to lift this heavy but then you're not going to also put as much muscle on. So look with any great my father used to tell him is if you want to be a great athlete this sacrifice is involved you have to be able to live with pain. If you're not willing to do that you're not going to be a great athlete and he was right. You know some people say it's not worth it because you got to deal with it later in life. I said it is worth it because I wanted to do something special and be different. So I was okay with pushing the envelope and accepting the consequences of it. Some people aren't. It's a personal decision. You can't. I can't make everyone else's decision for them. If you've got to make your own decision but do things smart. You don't want to be reckless about it. But understand that if you're going to push your body to that level and put that kind of muscle on and lift that kind of way there's going to be roundifications. Let's go to T. Ben. Them 62 and he says why and about like 12 question marks after that why do so many people say calves don't matter in a physique today and the judging. Because they're hard to grow unless you're naturally gifted with the cemetery and then he goes on and mentioned how. The 90s with the likes of Flex Wheeler, Ronnie Coleman, Sean Ray that they were complete and had calves. So in your opinion first of all do you think I guess calves are in way are devalued in a sense and if so why. I think in the men's open body building and probably classic I think calves count. I mean I've seen judges mark people down for for lack of calves. Why do people was always on Dennis Wolford having no calves. It's just not a major body part so in the sense that you know if everything else is great I don't think people are going to lose a shovings they don't have calves. Because it's let's face it. It's at the ground. You're not really looking that low and that's really it's what you're lying of sight. You're lying to sight as pecs, arms, you know, abs from the front, you know, obviously the back you're seeing backs and you're seeing your back and glutes and hands. That's your line of sight. You don't really see calves. It's only when you when the guys are really close and then you start to compare body part for body part that's when you start scrutinizing calves. So I think that's the reason it's just because it's not invisible. It's not visually in your visual field when you're initially look at someone. I mean, if I'm just taking a quick look up on stage and someone, I'm just looking at their their midsection. That's really what I'm seeing first. I'm seeing, you know, their pecs. If that looks good, I've already almost made an assessment whether I think that they're going to win and I think that's just judging nature, especially when we have these shows of a million people. Judges make quick quick decisions. Very rarely do you have enough time to scrutinize everything unless the guy has like one calf that's missing or something like that. As long as you have balance and you have if you have good legs, I don't you know, my calves were never my strong body part or a little lot of people suddenly loved you know how my calves looked at toward the end of my career. They were weak body parts from the extent high calves. Flex wheel had very high calves and Sean raised their cues the most time. I don't have any calf implants. I don't think you did, but a point is that, you know, it didn't cost them any shows. So people would just pick out, hey, he has no calves because the guy was flawless every place else and then if you just wait, it works. Obviously for men's physique, they don't even judge the legs so it doesn't matter if they have calves or not. But for classic and for open body building, you know, I think it comes down to calves are only important when the contest is super close. Another question that sort of, you know, Harkin's back to the likes of Yates Coleman, I've also mentioned Ian Ballier is from I have a body building. If somebody can easily endure the whole cheat, the whole diet, cheat meal, refeed free. Is that the best case scenario? You mentioned obviously many videos about the benefits of a cheat meal, but he's putting a scenario where you go completely without a cheat meal. How much fat loss benefits does the refeed daily actually have? And then again, comparing to body builders that say they never cheated other diets. You know, I think your metabolism slows down if you don't have a cheat meal. Although I, you know, some guys and girls go overboard. And sometimes I have to, I have to design the cheat meal for my might make it a little cleaner. You know, if some women like, you know, if some one of my clients choose eating like four pieces of pizza for a cheat meal. And she, she was gaining weight every week just from that one meal. So I said, look, no more pizza. I said that's a junk food meal. We're going to do some chicken. We're going to do rice, you know, and I design a cleaner cheat meal. It's still carbs in it because I think the carbs are important to stimulate metabolism. And she started losing weight again. It was just too many calories. I hate to use the work calories. No, I hate calories. But when you have too much energy you're putting into the system, you're body just can't metabolize it all. You know, Dave Palumbo could eat a five thousand calorie cheat meal. But Mrs. Jones is 120 pounds. She eats five thousand calories and she's gaining weight from that, you know. And she's going to make probably gain some fat from that. So a cheat meals are not all equal. You know, a 300 pound guy, you know, cheat meal should be a lot bigger than a hundred, you know, 30 pound woman's cheat meal. Unfortunately, a lot of times the couple goes out to eat together. And the guy in the, the woman eat the same amount of food. The guy loses weight on Monday and the woman gains seven pounds. So you can't just eat unlimited, you know, you have to have to have to be some some degree of sanity to the cheat meal. Well, let's go to Benian that's Ivan. What do you think about switching from Cland to Feverin when your body gets used to Cland it? And then I guess assigned to that which has more side of Fans? Well, I mean, it's a silly question because I'll tell you why silly because it's not a silly question because I think a lot of people probably don't know the answer. It's silly to put one in place. The other because they both stimulate the same receptors. So you're not even giving the receptors a break. So you can't just stop clung uterol, which is a beta 2 agonist. You're then taking a fed you, which is a beta 2 agonist. The truth is the clung uterol is a better beta 2 agonist than than than the feds because it's specific to beta 2 receptors where a feds are is much more of a central nervous system stimulant. And it affects the beta 1 receptors on the heart. So it's a generalized beta receptor, a stimulant. So you get more side effects from a feds because you get the rapid heart rate from it, which Cland beta all doesn't cause directly. Sometimes you get an indirect effect from that because it drops your blood sugar, blood you see in your blood pressure too much. But it doesn't directly stimulate the heart Cland beta all. So it's a much better beta agonist and it's a much better fat bird. I don't know. They don't, they're not sure if it's because of the beta 2 receptors stimulation or if it actually stimulates beta 3 receptors on fat cells too. And that's why it burns fat, but it's way better than a feds. So you can't use the two together because they compete against each other and switching from one to the other to get one arrest is not going to do anything because they're also both, you know, activating the same receptors. The reason why a lot of people like a feds is because it's a stimulant, you know, and it makes them alert and it kills their appetite a little bit. That's the case. Just take caffeine for that effect and stay on Cland beta all. You don't want to use Cland and a feds rate the same time. Let's go to Kyle Denny Shane now. This may come off as a bit of a homework assignment, but he is pretty detailed in the question. I'm 220 pounds fairly lean here around how can I improve my efficiency and absorb my carbs as Michael, as muscle, blank again without spilling over the most like an absorb without spilling over or getting watery is around 200 to 250 grams of carbs. I find that 30 grams of carbs per meal over 6 mills of fine more than that and I become instantly watery. Well, he answered his own question. It's a trial and error process. How many grams of carbs is your body need? It's like asking how big is the gas tank in your car. If you have a one guy has a 15 gallon gas tank and another guy has a 20 gallon gas tank, the 20 gallon gas tank guy could eat more carbs, right? Also, which engine is bigger? If the 20 gallon tank has a bigger engine than the 15 gallon tank, he's going to burn gas faster and he can hold even more gas than that tank because he's going to go through it quicker. So, they had to figure out how many grams of carbs is body need so that he doesn't spill because any spillage of the glycogen storage, because your glycogen storage of fill-up goes in the fat storage, right? When he found 180 is the ideal amount for him. So that's what he eats. If he wants to try to gain weight, he goes a little over that maybe. But you don't want to go too much over it because anything over that you're going to start getting watery and you're going to start getting fatter. Anything under that, and you might actually, you know, be too flat, you might not got maximum pumps in the gym. So through trial and error, we figure out how many grams of carbs you need and then you just go, it's still little under that. And the great thing is that as you grow and produce more muscle tissue, you have more storage capacity. It's like you're expanding the gas tank in your car, you can hold more glycogen. So you'll notice that you can eat more food as you get bigger. And that's just something once again. That's why having a coach is good. Because sometimes guys just can't figure out girls can't figure out for themselves how many they need and when to increase it. And that's why having another set of eyes looking over your pictures every week or twice a week. You know, like I do with my client is good because even I don't have to tell them a lot of stuff. I can say, all right, we're going to increase carbs this week or we're going to increase protein this week. And I know to do that because I can see they're getting more muscular and their requirements now are increasing above what their requirements were when we first started the diet. Tom for two, three more questions. Good at J and motive eight. Do you help any other WWE guys besides triple H with their diet and Trishin. And I guess here's the I guess speculative one, which we could have some fun with. Of the ones that you may have helped the ones that you kind of observe as an observer or a fan, which WWE wrestler do you think has the best potential to be a bodybuilder? Yeah, I've heard people asking that before I work with triple H obviously with Stephanie is wife. I did stone cold Steve Austin's diet for a little while. And I work with a couple of the guys that are upcoming wrestlers in the organization as well. Randy Orton buys all the species nutrition itself especially fire for life. So I know triple H has told a lot of people about the supplement. So a lot of them used the supplements and follow the bodybuilding kind of lifestyle. You know, proponents that I put forth. So you've known him and I worked directly with them. I'm working indirectly with them through the supplements that they're buying that I'm creating. Having said that, you know, who would be a good, I mean John Cena had a great body, you know, for body the rock has a great body, you know, for bodybuilding as well, you know, I think. So it's just you know, you never even look at the ultimate warrior back in the day. He was crazy. He was a bodybuilder. And he was a good bodybuilder too when he was competing. He had Conners got him hooked up with the W. W. E, which was the W W F back then. And that's how he got it to wrestling. And obviously was a very popular wrestling. Stop bodybuilding. But there was a lot of guys that could have been, you know, really good. You know, triple H is a little tall for bodybuilding, you know, so his leg development might have been a little tougher. But I put Cena was great. So he was a good guy. So he was a good guy. And I'm probably forgetting a bunch of guys. The rock has a little tall too, but, you know, had a great upper body. Hogan could have been a good bodybuilder. You know, if he ever gave 100% to that as well. Superstar Billy Grammyson was a great bodybuilder. There's that classic picture of Arnold and him together. And that black and white that he uses a vitality cell. So I have that up in my, in my studio. I'm not a good guy. But unfortunately, you know, once they made a big in the W W W, they never really pursued bodybuilding beyond that. So we don't really know how far they could have gone. Probably the ultimate worry, it probably could have had the best the biggest, you know, bodybuilding career. I think. Let's go to classic physique and Nash is there always a dip in sex drive after an average 8 to 12 weeks cycle or do some guys bounce right back right away. And I guess I'll add to that for those that do experience a dip, will you recommend? There's no way not to get a dip. If you're at a 1000 milligrams of testosterone, you're taking injecting a week and your testosterone on blood work is like 3000 total testosterone. And then you go off the cycle, even if your body went back to producing its own natural production at maximum value, which would be 800, you're still going to feel low. How could you not feel low going from 3000 total testosterone to 800? And most guys are going from 3000 down to 20 because their bodies just don't turn back on right away. Obviously doing the right, you know, post cycle therapy, you know, of course, 2000 units of H.E.G. You know, every two or three days, you know, for two or three weeks and then doing some clomid, I keep guys on test, you know, you realize the entire time that they're off, the balance, the DHT, estrogen and testosterone levels that helps a lot as well. But you have to understand you're not going to be at that super high value that you were when you're on a cycle, it's impossible. And even if you were at max natural levels, it still would feel too low for you because you're just taking away the sensitivity. I mean, you're at, you can't over stimulate those receptors like you were doing it. When I would go off cycle, my sex tribe would not be as crazy as it was when I was on, but it never was to the point where I couldn't like function. Because I think a lot of guys that cycle on you too, they're like, well, you know, I feel different, you know, and then they start thinking about it too much. And before you know it, you know, they're, they've talked themselves out of being able to have sex because there is a psychological component to it. And I understand when you're going from injecting, you know, every other day, a whole bunch of stuff, and now you're not doing anything. You think that you should sex tribe should drop. The funny thing is the first three or four weeks, you still have a lot in your system. So you shouldn't have a low sex tribe at all, but at least three or four weeks till you hit that, you know, monthmark. Then you might have a little drop. And then usually guys don't only stay up for eight weeks anyway, so, I mean, what do we talk about? We're talking about four weeks of being a little low. Come on. I mean, I think guys, the cry baby's about it to be honest with you. One last question from Ojalah Niko. You always get these questions obviously from your own competing career. Do you remember your exact cycle from the 1997 National? I do actually. I was using that in 1970, I remember there was no trend below. No one was making their on trend below yet, really, nothing I know of at least. I was using like, at that point we were getting testosterone in bottles, 10CC bottles from Starris. That was the Starris connection. The United States came right from the pharmacy in the US. Greg Valentino talks about it all the time. So we, I was using like 250 milligrams, 200 milligrams, maybe even 300 milligrams, like, you know, four times a week or something like that three, four times a week. I was using. I was getting parable, which was which was the trend below we used back then. It was from France. They were in Ampials. They were 76 milligrams per amp. We would use like two to three. The last three four weeks I would use three of them. I thought I was a big shot, you know, and we'd use that. We would use injectable, the windstral amps. They were a little, you know, they looked like a little milk bottles to shake up. We do 50 milligrams every other day at that. The last two weeks I would do my halal test in 20 milligrams. They were little green little mince. They looked like they came right from the US pharmacy. I was taking human trope at the time, which was an American growl hormone. I was using about three to four I used a day for that show. And let me think if there's anything else I was taking. I think I was actually on a little bit of insulin too. I used to take some insulin because I was eating a lot of food. But not a lot. Like I was taking like three or four units in the morning, three or four units like six hours later or something like that with the GH. I would be a very insulin resistant, you know. I didn't check my blood sugar's back. I think you couldn't just buy a cheap glucose monitor back then. I just knew when my blood sugar was absorbing my food. I was really flat. So I believe it and I did use insulin very small amounts for that show. And I think it was just because once again, I think I was probably from the GH. I was running a little bit of high blood sugar's. I wasn't absorbing my food. And once again, I have no data to support that other than and how I felt. I used to climb uteroll, not the ton of it probably like maybe like 20 micrograms like three or four times a day. And I was on probably about 50 micrograms a side amount. I like to, I didn't really need that the T3, but I felt that it made everything work better. Like the GH and the climb uteroll work better. And that's why more why I used it rather than for fat burning purposes. I would use that and I'm trying to think if there was anything else that I was using at that point. Like anything exotic that I had access to. I really wasn't a big orals person, so I wasn't using any orals. I think that's it. You know, I think I had pre-mobile and acetate tabs. They were 25 milligrams of peas. They came from Germany. And I was, I think I was doing four of those of day to last like six weeks. Because they only lasted a colleague two or three hours in the system. So I would do 25 milligrams every three hours during the day, which came out to about three or four pills a day. And I really liked those. I felt good on those. They did the only oral that has no toxicity because they're acetate. They don't really, they don't have to not 17 alpha-alculated. So I felt comfortable using those that I wasn't like toxifying my body. And they didn't make me feel bad. A lot of orals always, I didn't do well on orals. They would just make me feel like, like, I didn't want to eat or anything like that. That was the cycle. But you know what? You got to remember all the stuff came from either European or American pharmacy. It was all 100% legitimate and good. And you didn't have to do excessive amounts. And you know what? Quite frankly, people, if I were to tell people what I was taking back then, they would have said that was excessive. They thought that I was an extremist doing those dosages. I just knew that that was the effective dosages that worked. And once again, because guys had a lot of different theories about how to do that. I never thought to take 8 or 10 or 12 by using GH. No one did that. I didn't think to take 2,000 milligrams testosterone. No one did that. I didn't think to take five vials that's paramilon. No one thought to do that. If you took three, that was like the only did that the last couple weeks. So that was like a, like a top level cycle then. And I think a lot of the pros were doing similar type stuff like that. No one really pushed the envelope back then. It was all about training and diet. And that's the truth of the matter. You know, that is some photographic memory that you have. There's something that I would trigger. What I did to it like yesterday that well, that's incredible. I'm like trying to do the math in my head. How many years ago was that we're talking about something that happened literally 20, 20 years ago? That one was so immersed in that culture. And it was so, you know, such a scientist about what I did. I remember it was yesterday. I can see the vials in my brain, you know, where I, what drawer I kept them in in my house and when I would do the shots. I mean, I just knew because I had wrote everything down, the cycle. I knew exactly what I was taking. Because it was so important for me not to leave any stone on turns. You know, and you know, I feel bad for the guy today because now everything is underground. You don't know, you know, we sell a lot of Roy test kits on date. We're going to come, especially now with the quantitative ones that will tell you for trend alone and an antheid for testing antheid test sip and deck of how much is actually in the vials. And I can't tell you 50% of the antibiotics are probably test proponate every single drug injectable. And all the orals are coming back as they animal. So, and that's if they're real, a lot of the stuff is nothing. So, you can't trust anything. That's terrible. It's terrible feeling to not know what you're taking and if it's good because you want to maximize your performance. And here these guys are having to guess. So, now at least with the Roy test, you can tell if you have real gear. And now for a few of the compounds, you can actually tell how much gear you're taking or your stuff has and it which is a huge advantage. And so, I advise and once again, you can see this is a sales promotion if you want, but it's really helping you guys out. And that's why I'm doing it too. You're crazy if you don't test your gear because you know why would you want to waste your time and money. It's a simple test that it's like 20 bucks a test. Once you test your stuff, you know it's good, you buy a bunch of the good stuff. If you know your stuff is bad, you get rid of the bad stuff. That's how it works. That's going to do for this episode of Ask Dave right now on our oursposal.com. And of course, the RX muscle, YouTube channel, only episodes of Heavy Muscle Radio and the after hours podcast tomorrow, all new episodes of Iron Raid Good Dave and lead. For Dave Palomo, I'm sitting for a few people. See you next time.