Day polo here with an R-X muscle news update this just in. Well not just in but we just heard recently from Flex Lewis that he is out of the 2021 Olympia. There was speculation whether he would do it or not. He was supposed to do it last year. He looked amazing, you know, going into the final weeks of his prep and he decided to pull out he had injuries, he wanted to get some stem cell treatment and I mean the guys I mean there's a seven time, two, twelve, Mr. Olympia. He was moving up to the open. We were all looking forward to seeing him on that stage and because the guy has just got wow factor from here to the moon. And I think that, you know, he's the kind of guy that is a perfectionist. He's like, look if I'm going to do this, I got to do it 100%. So he took off the year last year. He went and got all his therapies. He had to get done, you know, it was to fix a lot of his injuries and then nagging things he had going on and spend some more time with his family. And then I guess the intention was this year to do the Mr. Olympia competition in the open category. And I think that was the plan up until, you know, he had a busy year. I mean, forget COVID. He moved from Boker Raton all the way to Las Vegas, opened the new gym. That alone will drain the life out of you. I mean, if anyone has ever opened the business or moved or both, you want to kill yourself. It's the worst experience of all time moving. Okay, especially when you go halfway across the country and is, you know, and he's got a kid. And so very hard to do. And I think he just found that he was pulled into many directions. And as he said on his Instagram, I didn't want to do this one foot in one foot out. I can't go 50% I got to go 100% up. I'm going to do this. So I think he's feeling good. I think his injuries are good doing well. And he just didn't want to show up and disappoint his fans or disappoint himself. And if he's a good decision, he's at a position where he never has to compete. He got a few days in one foot. He's still young. There's no reason why he can't take his time at this point. He's making money. He has a brand new gym that's state of the art unbelievable. I wish I only wish it was down the block for my house. And he's got, you know, great people there helping him out. So I mean, he set himself up to the future. And then once everything is all settled, if next year he can do it, I'm sure we'll see Flex Lewis on his days. There's no one who wants to do the Mr. Olympia in the helping category. More than Flex Lewis does trust me when I tell you that. He is a fierce, fierce competitor. But he's also not going to show up at less than his best because then he's not going to, he doesn't want to have any regrets. He doesn't want to leave anything on the table. And I completely comply with that. And I completely understand. Now, take, when I was competing, I never would have understood why someone couldn't get ready for a show. Until I actually started trying to move places like from New York to Florida or had some kids or started a couple of businesses, your time gets sucked away from you and before you know it's the days over, you think you're going to go train and then before you look at it, the clock gets 11 o'clock at night and you haven't done anything. So I completely understand good move, Flex. I know we're going to see you back on that stage at some point and you will be at your best and it will be worth the wait. I'm sure for it. Also we got some news in from the Arnold Classic people. I haven't gotten confirmation from Bob Lorne. Again, I texted him yesterday but I see a lot of people are releasing that the, it seems like the Arnold Classic this year, the one in September, will become now a qualifier for the 2021. This year's Mr. Olympia competition in October, which should, which should have been the whole time. But for some reason, they created this rule a couple of years ago where, you know, if it wasn't a month out, you know, then they stopped giving qualifications for this year and they always went through the following year, which was ridiculous. Why would you have an Arnold Classic in September that qualifies you for 2022? It's ridiculous. It's a huge show. It's the second biggest show of the year. And if you're going to do the show in September because you had to push it back as a COVID, you of course you got to make it a qualifier for the Olympia. Make it exception. So I'm hoping that the, the, the, the, the, at least the rumors I'm hearing and the word on the street is accurate and that the Arnold Classic will be a qualifier for this year. I don't think it's going to affect that many people. The people, the person that will probably affect the most will be really waplert because we know really had a qualifier. If he was he was planning to do in the Arnold, it looked like he would have to do a show earlier to qualify even though he was going to do the Arnold because the Arnold wasn't going to be a qualifier. Now I think we'll probably only see him at the Arnold. However, if he does that and he doesn't qualify and something goes wrong, then he's screwed again. He can't do the Olympia again. I still think it's probably a good idea if really wynkly would do a show a little earlier in the year. However, I think it's great. Now for the guys that qualify to ready, they probably don't like the change in rule because they would love to have qualified for next year doing it this year. But it is what it is. Look, if you have a show before the Olympia of this caliber, it has to be a qualifier for this year. Otherwise, it's almost, it's almost say it has no meaning other than the fact that you're going to win some money and get a title. People want to qualify for the Olympia. They want that momentum going into the show. I think it's a good move. If the Arnold people do announce it and it does become reality, I'm 100% in favor of that. I write from the beginning, I said that that Arnold should have been a qualifier for the Olympia. That's how little update for now. Flex Lewis, out of the Olympia, Arnold Classic seems to be a qualifier for this year's Olympia and on day polo, with an Rx muscle news update.