We're here at a Paul and Jim in Edison, New Jersey and I want to introduce myself to you guys. I'm Dean Blumbo. I've been here before. I'm back again. Obviously, I'm just making a impression the first time I was here and we're going to about the start, my seminar, and any of you guys who've been at my seminar is before. We'll know that I really like to kind of gear them according to what your interests are. Some of you have heard me speak before, I don't like to be too repetitive. So I like to get some input what you guys really are interested in knowing about learning more about. I am going to discuss a little bit today about toxicity issues in working out because I think a lot of people take that for granted. The fact that our bodies can only process foods and build muscle and burn fat as efficiently as the body is able to detoxify itself. Now, what does that statement mean? Exactly. What it means is that if you have too much waste coming being produced in the body and the body cannot get rid of that waste, it cludders the protein building, fat burning machinery down. The analogy a lot of times I've given and this seems to hit home is if you have a fish tank at home, okay, specifically when you growing up, you've ever had one of those gold fish balls. You know, when you went to the carnival and you won the free gold fish and you put it in a ball and you would put some fish flakes in there every morning. And after about a week or two, you would notice that if you came up to the ball, it had a weird smell. And that smell was the toxic, you know, the waste products from the fish being excreted into the water plus the decay of some of the food that was in there. And you realize that if you didn't change the water in the ball, gold fish ball, what was going to happen eventually was the fish was going to die. Sometimes you might even have waited until the fish was swimming upside down. Well, the body, the human body is like all the cells in our body are like little gold fish balls. And if these cells are not cleansed, clean, down. What happens is the machinery inside the cells don't work properly. The immune system in our body doesn't work properly, okay? The immune system sucks to overreact to these waste products and creates a lot of inflammation in the body all over the place. That's not good. Usually that leads to skin irritations, acid reflux diseases, all kinds of different things that don't make you feel good. Okay, when your body is trying to combat and get rid of waste, okay, it can't worry about adding new muscle and it can't worry about burning fat. That becomes a low priority. So if you want your body to operate efficiently, okay, it's very important that you not only take in the right nutrients, okay, in the way of foods, when we talk about foods, you talk about macro nutrients, proteins, fats, and carbohydrates. And it's not only important that you take in the right micro nutrients in the way of minerals, invitments, and supplements, okay? But it's also important, okay, that we get rid of the waste products that are produced from the metabolism of this stuff. And you know, I was always worried, I always wanted to get to 300 pounds when I was a bodybuilder. That was always my goal and I eventually did and I went over 300 pounds. I was up to, I think it's highest, 119 pounds at one point. And I never really worried about toxic waste in my body or detoxifying the body. The goal and probably a lot of you guys here can relate to this was always stuff as much food into your body as possible. Train as hard as you can, sleep as much as you can so that you can recover from the workouts. And it worked, but I had, I noticed looking back retrospectively, I had a lot of side effects that I didn't really know about. My skin was always really bad. I always had, it was always combating acne problems. For the point where before I show I would take antibiotics, usually for two weeks before it's my skin would clear up. But I never really got it the root of why that was happening, you know? Once again, the skin is the biggest excritory organ in the body. So the body likes to get rid of waste through the skin. So if you find that you break out a lot, or even if you have irritations, if you have egzema sorrises, anything like that that's an irritation of your skin, it probably means that you have a lot of waste to toxins in your body that are trying, your body is trying to get rid of. And the skin is a very easy place for the body to get rid of. Now if you don't have good skin or good pores, a lot of times your body will try to dump waste into your intestinal track. And when there's a lot of acid waste being dumped into your intestinal track, a lot of times that you'll notice and you'll get acid reflux. If you have a lot of acid reflux all the time, you're always getting the digestion that could be a sign of acidification of your body. Some people actually usually this happens in women. Their women store the toxins or the acid waste in their fat cells. So as I was driving through Statlin, I'm sorry a couple of land fills and that's essentially what happens in your body. Your body becomes a landfill and these fat cells become storage depots for these waste. And guess what happens? You try to burn this fat now and your body is not going to want to get rid of it because it doesn't know what to do with all the toxins you have in your body. So we have to have a strategy not only to put muscle on to eat the right nutrients, but also to get rid of the waste products that are being produced from protein digestion, from lactic acid buildup, from working out with waste. Stress is one of the biggest causes of acidic buildup in the body or acid waste buildup. Now how do we get rid of these toxins? Number one, drink a lot of water. You've always heard that. Everyone tells you drink a lot of water when you eat a lot of protein. But the kind of water you drink becomes as important sometimes as how much water you drink. If you ever took a, if any of you went to a store and bought a little pH kit, you can get these things that you could test to pH your pool. They sell them all over the place now. What the pH of your body is or the pH in general is it measures how much acidity and how much alkalinity in the body. The higher the pH, the more alkaline your body is, which is a healthy state to be in. The lower your pH, the more acidic your body is. The more acidic you are, obviously, the less efficiently your body will function. If you test the pH of tap water that has chlorine and fluorine in there and fluoride in there, you'll notice it's very low, which means it's very acidic. I was shocked to find that the pool in spring water filter in my, not water filter, the water jug I have in my house. When I tested that water, it came out very acidic too. So if you're drinking water that's already acidic, you're adding to the acidity problem in your body. So here you are thinking you're flushing your body with pure water, pure bottled water, and you're actually making the situation worse than some instances. So what I recommend people do is that they try to get a source of water that's alkaline in nature. Now, probably, if you've noticed if any of you are big bottled water drinkers, there's a lot of new water bottle, a bottle of water that are on the market now, that they're marketing strategies that it's alkalinized water. Fiji is a very, is a natural source of alkaline's water. It's not very high in alkalinity, but it is higher than anything else that naturally occurs out there. Now, there's some waters that have been produced now where they're actually making the water out the one. They're a little more expensive, but if you start drinking a bottle or two or three of these a day, you'll notice a difference. My good friend Jack Tetonie has a product called Hydralized Ultra Water, which is an alkalinized water. I have a water filter in my house, the my connect my sink to, and I've been using it for probably less six or seven years, and I alkalineized the water. I fill up a picture, and that's the water I use all day long. The truth is you don't really need to drink alkalinized water when you're eating a protein meal because when you eat protein, your stomach releases acids. That's kind of killing the reason. It's not really helping the situation, but during the middle of the day, when you first wake up in the morning, before you go to bed, when you're training in the gym, that's when you should be drinking your alkalinized water on an empty stomach. I actually came across an interesting gadget. I call it gadgets. Whenever I find interesting gizmos, I like to purchase them, I try them myself, and then if they're good, I like to recommend them for other people, but there's something called an iron pot. If you don't want to spend $2,000 on a water filter, it looks like a little metal cylinder, and this metal cylinder you put, you put water. You can put a puddle water in this stuff if you want, but you put water in there, you leave it in there for five minutes, like a little water bottle, and it alkalizes the water. It's really interesting, because the actual iron pot itself comes with a little pH kit, so you can actually test the water, and you can actually see that it's turning it alkaline. You can test all the water in your house from all your taps and your bottle of water, and you can see what you're actually drinking, which I find interesting. It was such an interesting idea that I actually started selling it on my website. If any of you are interested, it's like $45, it lasts eight months, the little cartridge filters, and then you can just replace the filters. They're like a dollar to each, you could buy mine on Amazon. But the iron pot, it's like $45, I recommend it's a very minimum of drink three high-on pots full of water per day, alkaline water per day. And I guarantee you will see an improvement in your skin, your complexion, you'll feel better. If you have indigestion, you drink one of those things and it goes away instantly, and you'll see that your body is starting to recover better. Alclanized water, very important. Another very good detoxifying agent, very, and these are cheap things you can do that will make a big difference in the way your body responds to training, recovery, building muscle burning fat. Apple cider vinegar, I don't know if any of you use apple cider vinegar, but the important thing with apple cider vinegar is you want to buy apple cider vinegar with mother, it's called MOTHER, which means it has the pulp that it still. Braggs, BR-AGGS, makes a brand of apple cider vinegar, you could buy in any health disorder, even the supermarkets are selling brags. I would recommend get brags, brand, it's cheap, it's six bucks, it's a big, big bottle, and make sure you shake it up, and I put it, I put a teaspoon or tablespoon about three times a day. Some people just shoot it down like a shot and then drink water with it. I actually mix it in the water I drink, and what it does is it helps pull toxins out of your body, and it helps alkalineize your body. They think it's the pulp part of it that it actually causes the alkalineization. If any of you have pets, a lot of holistic pet people tell you to put a teaspoon of apple cider vinegar in the pets' water bowl. It's good for the animal, it helps detoxify them. Very simplistic things you can do. There's a supplement I just got introduced to about six months ago called black mica, which is a parapagnetic mineral supplement. I know it sounds very sophisticated, but what it does is they found that they've extracted this mineral supplement. It's a liquid form from these rock formations in Japan called black mica. For some reason, these black mica supplements have an amazing ability to alkalineize the body to restore mineral balance to the body and to pull toxins out of the body. Once again, if you put, if you took the most disgusting water you can find outside in the puddle and you put it in the glass and you added a dropper tube, this black mica supplement, you would notice all the crap fall to the bottom of the cup because it draws toxins. Now imagine if you put this into your body what happens is it pulls the toxins that build up and add to your body. Another interesting thing that a lot of us since we work out and we eat a lot and we eat very frequently don't realize is that it takes about eight hours after the last time you eat. So when you eat a meal, it takes eight hours before that meal is completely out of your body. Now the body can't start detoxifying itself or releasing stored toxins in your body because remember what happens is when the body is digesting food and building muscle, it doesn't have time to start getting rid of toxins so it stores them. It encapsulates them and stores them. When your body is given a rest from food ingestion, then your body is not releasing these toxins and you excret them out of your body, whether you pee them out or you poop them out, it doesn't matter. Oliys are eating and you never take more than an eight hour break. In other words, if you go to sleep at midnight, you wake up at 8 a.m. and you start eating your first meal, you're really never having time to detoxify your body. So what I recommend once a week, you guys to do and I wish I would have done this when I was training once a week, go 12 hours when you don't eat anything. So if you go to bed at 10 o'clock at night, don't eat anything until 10 the next day. Go 12 hours once a week, give yourself a 12 hour fast because from eight hours after the last meal, you'll have a four hour period where your body will be able to release toxins out of your body because it won't be digesting food during that time period. Okay, the important thing when you do this, you might feel weird and get weird headaches and feel like weird flushes because what's happening is your body is finally able to get rid of these toxins and what it does is just to spit them out through your intestine tract and into your body. Now if you don't have the right supplements you're drinking or drinking the right fluids to flush them out of your body, your body could re-absorb these toxins back into the bloodstream and you're going to feel super terrible. Okay, so what you want to do is when you during this period where you're fasting or right before you're fasting and right after you're fasting you want to make sure you're taking in a good fiber supplement twice a day because fiber binds toxins in the colon and pulls them out. Okay, and that brings you, you know, a lot of people ask people kind of fiber supplements, you know, you should use. I made fiber-lice just for that very reason. I didn't realize how intuitive it was. I knew that there was a lot of health benefits to fiber and I knew that it was important to take a fiber supplement that had both insoluble and soluble fiber in it. Very important, and you don't want to fiber supplement that has sugar in it because sugar kind of ruins some of these good effects. What fiber we'll do is it'll lower your cholesterol levels, your bad cholesterol levels because it binds up bile salts and cholesterol salts and pulls them out of the body. It'll stabilize your blood sugar because it prevents the liver from overproducing glucose. It will prevent you from ever getting colon cancer. If you take two servings of fiber twice a day, an insoluble, unsoluble, fiber supplement, you'll never get colon cancer because what it does is fiber does is it alkalinizes the colon. It reduces the acidity level. Now you can't get rid of all the acidity in the colon, think about what's in the colon. It's fecal matter in there. But you can reduce the acidity in there by doing so the immune system works better. But more importantly, and something that I didn't realize was that it binds up toxins that your body releases and draws them out of the body. It helps facilitate the removal of waste and that's important. I know a lot of you guys probably who beat we five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten times a day. So why go to the bathroom a million times a day already? I already go three, four times a day. How much more do I need to go? Well, if you're only removing 80% of what you're supposed to be getting out of your body, then there's 20% being retained in your colon. And while it might eventually come out, you're going to be absorbing reabsorbing the toxins from this waste. You want to get, you want your food to move through you at a good rate and you want to get rid of all the waste products all the time. That's very important. I recommend a fiber supplement twice a day. Fiber lies. I have a fruit punch flavor and a lemonade flavor. It's delicious. It's got no sugar in it whatsoever. And I guarantee you once you start using it, you'll never stop. It's like a religious experience there really is. But it's very important when you're detoxifying to use a fiber supplement. What do you use mine or use someone else's? What else do we need to do to support this detoxification process? I've already talked to you about black mica. I've talked to you about alkalinized water. I've talked to you about apple cider vinegar. I've talked to you about fiber. Well, in the colon, lining our colon, is a layer of bacteria or beneficial bacteria called probiotic organisms. These are organisms that are good for us. These are bacteria that do good stuff for us. They produce vitamin K. They line the layer. They prevent the colon from being attacked by inflammatory molecules. They keep pathogens out of your body. That's why we're always ingesting bacteria in our foods. When you get food poisoning, it's that's the only time that you're actually ingesting bad stuff. We're always ingesting bad stuff. What happens is the good bacteria in your colon protect your your body. They say that there's something like we have like 10 pounds of good bacteria in our body. Think about how small bacteria are. That's a lot of bacteria. But when we take antibiotics, where you get chronic diarrhea, or you don't feel good, or whatever the case may be, these bad good bacteria die off a lot of times. And a lot of us are probably walking around with less than enough of these bacteria. And that affects your body's ability to process foods. It affects your body's ability to remove toxins. So it's very important that you take a good probiotic supplement. There's different versions. A lot of times, though, you'll see if you go to your health food store is a refrigerated section. That's where most of them are. Because remember, these are bacteria. They're alive. They're live cultures. You want to keep them alive. A lot of times they need to be refrigerated and they're refrigerated form. There's a website called Custom Probiotics. But you can actually, there's a million different formulations on there. Once a year, I, someone got me on to this about a year ago. Once a year, it's a good idea to do a 60 day run of a custom probiotic. They have a 6 in 1 strain. This 6 strains of bacteria. And it's a little scooper and you can mix it in some more and you just go up a down. It's pretty much a tasteless. And you can restore your good bacteria. It's good to do that. If you're on a long course of antibiotics, because you get sick or whatever the case may be, some people are on it chronically, because they have vet acne. Some people have different different issues going on. But this is a good thing to do is restore the probiotic organ as the good bacteria, the intestinal floor to your body. If you take that multi-tiered approach, I guarantee your body is going to burn fat better. You're going to build muscle better. You're going to feel healthier. And the first thing you'll notice, people will tell you the whites here eyes look clear. If you look in the mirror and you got, I'm not talking about yellow, join-to-size. I'm talking about murky eyes. Your eyes will get super super white when your body is detoxified. And I guarantee everyone in here has got some level of toxicity build up in their body. Unless you're someone who does a lot of things, I tell you about.