I'm the Apo Lomba and I'm about to give you a little glimpse into my work. This is my life. It's another day in my life and we're here. In my kitchen, I'm preparing to take another trip up to Dr. Blouse. We have some more evaluations from the do and some more updates up there and much just to make you want to make my quick meals. I wish I would show you how I made it but I should put my rice into balls into a ceramic bowl. I don't use plastic anymore because I get the plastic goes into the food. Put my minute rice, brown minute rice into the here. I got my water, put it in the microwave, six minutes, comes out. I actually put a few frozen peas in there. Throw it on a plate, a little sea salt on it. I got my biggest discovery, pink salmon, wild salmon, bond bumblebee. This is round. You don't really get wild-coated. Here my dough is working the background. I put a packet in here, mix it in. Now what I do is I go over here, I let it. My favorite is a ruga. I don't know if you guys have tried a ruga but it's fantastic. It has a really good taste of the bed in the salad. I get it in the ruga like herb land. I have some other stuff for that. My dough is a ploss. I'll make a salad on top of the salmon and the rice. I'll get my microwave in a little. I'll speak to the nutrition. I'll add a little of that. Not too table spoons worth. Okay. A little more salt. I like salt, let's get some pepper. I got my alcoholized water. I've been going to add a very good cup. I got a little apple-brack sample side of it in here. Very good to keep your city level down. You're by the motion of toxins. Put it back. Tees water. We're not going to waste. You can be surprised. I'm ready to eat. I'm going to eat. We'll load up. Get it in the car. We're going to head up to the horses. Okay. We're back here at Dr. Mordakai Blows, office in White Plains, New York. Dr. Mordakai, the response we got from the last little installment we did here of my life was so positive and people wanted to just know more and more. Since you are the gynecromastiat expert, I want to get a slightly more difficult case. For a very difficult case for you to evaluate, Jeff really didn't have any gynecromastiat. So I said, let me bring you a more difficult case. Someone who had it done prior to the visiting you by another surgeon, maybe didn't get such a great job, has some left and needs you to evaluate what needs to be fixed. Because you said to me, I think what 50% of what you do is fixing other plastic surgeons problems. I'm 25%. I'm 25%. Reconence in gynecromastiat is unfortunately, it's very common. According to the literature, there is between 10% and 35%. And most of the recurrences on people that had just liposuction, but there is also significant amount of recurrences in people that had the liposuction and exasuction of the glent. Jeff magic is an interesting case because he didn't even have a plastic surgeon performed in surgery. He had a general practitioner. I had a few, but I must have done it by plastic surgeons. For the people out there watching this, you might be considering the surgery. You don't really want to have a general surgeon do this surgery because it's really it's really requires an expert touch of the surgery. Yeah, I would say in general it's befellable that the bald cellified plastic surgeon is going to do it. And a plastic surgeon of course, it is experienced with gynecromastiat. Because that's the most important aspect, gynecromastiat experience. Absolutely. It is the most important aspect. And I must say that there are only very few gynecromastiat cases in the US about 18,000 a year compared to breast augmentation that there are 500,000 a year. And therefore not every plastic surgeon has enough experience with gynecromastiat surgery. How many did you do per year? I do over 200, maybe even over 250 every year. And what is the typical plastic surgeon do? According to the American Society of Plastic Surgery, they are like 6 or 7,000 bald cellified plastic surgeon. And if you calculate, if 18,000 are done a year and let's say 6 means a typical plastic surgeon does 3 gynecromastiat cases a year. But if you want to do more than a week? Yeah, but probably I do sometime more than this. Today did 3 cases. 3 cases today? Yes, so you've already exceeded the most of the gynecromastiat cases in all the other services. I would say a plastic surgeon that does more than 50 years has better experience. But unfortunately the arm to many plastic surgeon to do more than 50 years. Obviously we've talked about this before. Removing the entire gland is very important, especially in a body book. Absolutely. It's very, sometime it's very deceiving, sometimes especially in bodybuilders. Sometimes when you see a person you see, oh, he has a small gland and then once you go inside. And once I examine him, I know that the gland amount of glandulity is a lot more than we do. Then the person thinks he has. And that's a matter of experience. Once you do a lot of cases, it's easier for me to evaluate it. But usually with the bodybuilders, I do exercise of the glandulity show means the breast tissue, the gynecromastiat tissue. And rarely there is a need to do liposuction. However, I do very, very few of them. It's mostly gland. And once the gland is removed completely, the important point is that it doesn't come back because there's no tissue. If you leave a little in there, it can grow back up. Okay, that's right. You have to leave a little behind the aruyola. You have to leave it between 2 and 5% of the gland behind the aruyola and all of some support. But you have to be careful to excise between 95 and 98%. It's very large enough. And with bodybuilders also denyshing about bodybuilders that they amount of fat, the percentage of fat of skin fat is very, very low. So you really don't have to do liposuction. And the chance to have depression in bodybuilders is extremely small. Yeah, do surgeons make mistakes, everybody may be cutting some of the muscle out or maybe not evenly removing the gland. Is that a problem? So you know Jeff, and I'm sure he's going to tell you this in a few minutes when he shows you is doing examination. He has a sliding orientation on the side that he did get done. Yeah, I mean, it's usually it's not the muscle because the muscle is deep. The muscle, it happens sometime, but that's well. Usually it's unevenly, you cut part of the gland, you live another part and you don't take it in as one unit. I usually try to take the gland as large as it is in one unit. Very important point. So you take the whole gland and one shot, you're not slipping pieces all day. That's it, in one shot. What's the advantage of that? What's the disadvantage of that? The advantage of that, after you don't live any glands behind and you have less bleeding, you don't have to choose and pick what to take, what not to take, whatever you see, I mean you just have to exercise in one unit. I've never seen it because you get out of a tiny hole this big, you get this monstic length you work it out somehow. That's a little bit. You've fallen with tweezers and teasing it. I would say the incision would be about one inch, in the lower cases, more than one inch. And the gland sometime, it might be 10 inches in lengths and 5, 6, 7 inches in. So it's a good thing in your brain. So it's a good thing in your brain. So it's a good thing in your brain. So it's a good thing in your brain. That's a good thing in your brain. But the skin is also elastic. So you can remove it and you can fold the gland there. So that's how you can remove the very large gland with a very, very small incision. Well let's get, yeah. I also want to say something. The choice of incision is very important. Also the way you do it, I mean it's important, the way you do it in the chest and the location of the incision is important and most of the plastic surgeon we do it, sub-o-o-loss, mean under the RIO-la. And then the nipple and it's going to be about one to one in the air pinch. So unfortunately I see a thing about 800 to 1000 new patients a year with Gana Kamaisa and some of them already had surgery and you see incision in many places. Including the axi-lare, I mean under the R-Pate which is not a good area to it. Because there is even a small incision that may be a half an inch or less is very noticeable. Right. Unlike the incision under the nipple that it's a very good area as far as healing. I have a small area and I have no scar when you did it. I mean people can take a look. There's nothing you can't tell. There's absolutely no scar. And the countless other people who friends of mine that you've done have no scar. So obviously you have the right touch and that's important because you know what? I've seen guys with a scar extends past the area. And it's horrible that it's a nightmare. I mean you got that you got that for life. There's nothing you can do. Oh, you're absolutely. You cannot do it by the scar. Always you're going to have a scar. So basically when I do the surgery, obviously when you do you have a scar but the scar it's in because pick was it's not prominent and it's hard to see it. And I must say the action I get from people is that all like my family or my no girlfriend they don't even know I did it. So I would say 99% of the time if you do this if you do the incision in the right place and the right way. It's very very low key I would say it's not prominent right. But let's take a look at Jeff and see what's going on because he's very unhappy. I wanted him to come up with you to see him and to see what you can do because you know when people are unhappy about the way their chest looks it messes up their mental state. And we don't want Jeff to be any more messed up mentally that he might know anything. So let's bring him in here and take a look and I want you to evaluate what's going on. Oh absolutely. I'm good to do it. Dr. Gua. Yeah you can come in. Jeff for your own. I'd start to run. I'll still make you. Okay. You can see it actually. Oh okay. Okay Jeff, let me ask you first a few questions and then you can tell me. And I understand from my secretary that you already had the surgery. How many years ago? Roughly I say 10 or it was probably less probably about seven. Okay that's okay. So you had it quite a few years ago and you had just only like the early that time. You don't understand one side. Yes. So we'd side you had. Left side. Okay. And so what happened after the surgery? Well I had to lay off for a month and then I noticed you know, I took a while. The nipple looked in the weird and then there was an indentation that stayed minor. But it wasn't done by a plastic surgeon or something. I think he did a pretty good job. Took about a month and a half to heal and then I started training again. And that was it you know. I had to. No no but what happened with the other side now? The other side didn't. The reason I didn't get both sides done is because the other side had not developed for whatever. Yeah but what happened since then? Well you know what? It's grown. And it bothers me. You know, the key to the beach is something you know sometimes if it's warm. It tends to kind of like inflate and sense of show more. It's all throughout tall over on that side or whatever. And I don't like the way it looks if I wear tight shirts. Sometimes the side looks a little bigger and I just want to get it taken care of. Can you feel a mess though? Yeah I play with it all the time. I mean not in a funny way. I understand. I understand. You know, just know that it is still. You're teaching me. I wanted to take a knife and cut it out. I mean to be honest. Quite honest. I understand this feeling you know. But you know it's there because you fail to eat. And you can see it. You can't see it. Absolutely. It's noticeable. Other people can see it. You can see it. No. It's not too. Your imagination. It just grew up since then. The master had also some gynecromascia when you did the left side. But probably it was smaller and with the time it became larger. Let me ask you in general are you in good health? As far as I know. Yes. You have any medical problems or any allergies? Well medical body wise or mentally. No no. I'm talking with. Are you talking about physically? Well yeah. Medical problems don't have. And they don't you smoke. Like cigarettes to me or like a cigar. So if I go out and have a couple drinks. Like that's like. But you don't drink excessively. Not really socially. Absolutely. Okay. You have any allergies to medications? No no. I'm very fortunate that way. Yeah. When do you think the first time if you go to you a child do do I doubt it? When did it start? Well I don't know if I should be telling you this but I guess I will. It started later on in life. Did you have it when you were a little like 12 o'clock in the morning? I didn't get any antibiotics towards. I don't know if I really should be telling you this but I am. And let me run after a couple years it started to develop. And that's the reason I don't think it was a genetic thing. I don't think I would have been. Okay. So then you started and then one side it was done and you not so happy with the result. But in then the other side started a few years later. It means like a few years ago you started to have gone to come to my side the other side. Yes. After we're going to examine you and you know see exactly what you're talking about. Yeah. You can see that it's really it's unequal it's not symmetric. Here you can feel a mess of dynamical mastatation between your two fingers. Here you already had surgery you have some indentation. And we see the scar was done in the right place but you still live indentations. So you was taken as seen partially not completely. So therefore if you don't take the entire gynecromaster is one mass you take on the partially. I mean it might happen because probably it was taken piece by piece. So here they took a larger piece in the middle they took less here and less here. And it looks like some of the gynecromaster still there. So you can see that's a really demonstration a good demonstration of a person that said surgery and I don't know why it was unilaterally that time because if you're even both. You're both who's that one pretty close. No, no. If you have both sides you shouldn't do one side enough that the other side you should do them really in the same. Or the time. The reason I didn't is this one didn't have it at the time. Okay. But anyway now you have to have it. You must have had it. I know you still can see it. You can see the nipple here. Yeah. And if I go this way. Yeah. You see how it's flat. Yeah. That's okay. Now I feel like also it's up in here because it's not the chest. It's at least flatter here. And I remember before it laid flatter on this side. No, this is not a kind of commercial you can feel it's about this area. Okay. This is no, some muscle may be a little fat and some some scant. No, you see. I can see it's a little bit of a. If I let that go is if I grow my chest a little that expand. No, I mean this is with the age people just get it. I mean that's not my chest. This whole out a little. If your baby chest is going to be less than the other. Everybody has some of this. Have a drumming somebody fat with that help. I don't know if it's going to help a lot. It's not really trying to stay. Who can solve it can't get rid of that. That's good. Okay. We're going to do it.