On the Apple Unboxing, I'm about to give you a little glimpse into my work. This is my life. I just got done examining Jeff and what I saw that he had a little incision in the left of the press that were the Gannamcomascia, the left was going to come as I was moving for about 10 years ago. And there's some indentation towards the middle side of the chest. But only the left side. The right side you can see and feel the Gannamcomascia tissue, which is the glangelot tissue. It's very defined. And I say it's about four or five inches in diameter. And it's mainly the bodies under the aurora, and the Ebola complex. And you can feel the head of the Gannamcomascia and the tail of the Gannamcomascia. So I think that the patient now is going to need, if you want it corrected, you're going to need surgery in the right side. And the surgery will include mainly, excision of the Gannamcomascia tissue or the glangelot tissue, and some revision of the left chest. In order to try to correct or at least to try to make the indentation less noticeable. Let me tell you a little bit about the surgery. And if you have any questions, you can ask anytime. So basically, you need the ZZV side and you need the excision of the Gannamcomascia tissue. I don't, in your case, if you need some liposuction, it's going to be minor, but it's mainly the excision of the glangelot tissue that you have. And as I say, revision of the left side. Usually the surgery is going to take about one hour. And it can be done either with local anesthesia or with IV sedation, which is like general anesthesia. It's similar to general anesthesia. But this will be your choice and we're going to talk later on about this. The incision you're going to have from the surgery is going to be under the nephanol, under the reoline. It's going to be about one inch long. And as I said previously, usually the incision is not conspicuous. And most of the people wouldn't know that you have incision. Also, once we do the surgery, so far on the last 25 year, I had no accounts of the Gannamcomascia. I have one question for you. You mentioned that there may be liposuction involved. Now, would that be if it has somehow the fat has crawled up in the chest that you see when you're going to? No, once I open it, if I see this some fat there and I think that it's going to add to the results of the surgery. Maybe to add to the results and I think the results better. Then I might do some minor liposuction, but there's better chance that we're not going to do any liposuction. And now as far as the surgery, the regular steps that I tell people to do is to stop any supplements and not to take any aspirin or odd wheel. How far, how many did you have? I would say about three weeks before surgery, is that local? If I want to do local, generally, it really doesn't matter. Just stop taking, because I take some pain medication for my back per cassettes. I can't take medication if you need it. Don't take it until it's done. You can do it up until the surgery. Don't take it. Don't take it until the surgery. But don't take any supplements like fish or lomengas. What about medication for depression? You can take any medication except I'll have the list of the medication. You're taking an hotel, but in general, I'm excited. You don't have to stop the medication. Or depression. You can take the medication. Now, basically, once you decide, once you know all the fact that you decide that you won surgery, you can book it with my secretary at $1 million. It really was a pleasure talking to you. Yes, you too. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. I appreciate a lot. Thank you. All right, Jeff, you just got done with your consultation with Dr. Blau. I brought multiple people here before. You kind of like were a slightly different case because you had one side done. You had a little bit of an indentation. You never had the other side done. You feel comfortable after hearing Dr. Blau talk about the surgery and seeing his cases. That's a therapy. Absolutely. Absolutely. I mean, I had it done, like I said, you know, by general practitioner. This guy is, you know, a genius with this. Talk to our audience here a little bit because this is important. And I know how I felt when I had it. How obsessed do you get with this thing when you know it's there and you're afraid to take a shirt off to the beach. And you worry about if you wear a T shirt if it looks like you have a woman's breast damage. Talk about the psychological ramifications of that. Yeah. To be honest with you, David, you know, the first thing that irritates me the most out of this whole thing is that I wanted to cut the damn thing out to be honest. You actually wanted to take a knife and cut it out of your own chest? Absolutely. That's how it feels. You know, it's like if you have your woman and your fat, your you go in the mirror and you're crunch it up and you want to just take a scissor and talk to women and I would myself, I had it. And cut the damn thing off and so with the freaking, you know, That probably the best decision to take. I have a big scar. So it's really bothered you for looking. I know because you've called me on the phone numerous times to talk about this for a year and probably if I didn't cut you off, you would talk about it for hours. And I understand I could relate to what you said to me. You said that freaked me out. I was like, he knows exactly what I'm going through. He said, and I bet you play with it every night. I wasn't playing with it every night. It was playing with it every morning, every afternoon and every evening and in my sleep. You become obsessed with the like nodule or lump or whatever and you can't sleep just rolling with rolling it and like you just don't want it there. And then if you look in the three mirrors that show you like all angles or if you get video tape to whatever and if like I said, when my nipples are hard, you can't really see it. So it's okay, but if it's I'm at the beach or in some place warm. Sometimes they're we're sure, you know, kind of like this and if it's tight enough, I mean, you can see it. I could see it. Yeah. And that can be self conscious. Like I wanted to like put like a strap on or like a band-aid or some, do you feel like when this is third and then you're going to feel like it was a relief. My self-steam is going to definitely be better. Just how I feel about myself. I'm very, you know, we're all vain because we're in trouble. When you work out, you want to look good and it's really, and when I was when I met the beach, I find myself going to get hot when it's cold. I'm a chilly. It's okay because it retracts, but when it's hot, I find myself holding a towel over the right side of my chest. It's ridiculous. So that's, you know, it makes yourself conscious and this would be a really nice. Have you ever had surgery before? Well, I had, I'm going to start from that. I find, yeah, I had actually my chin done. I had from doing an about steroids back in the day. I had developed fat from doing a deep-o or whatever. And I had this removed it, created a double chin on the shoulders. So it's a few times less to surgery yourself before. For people out there who might not have had it, what's the greatest fear you have going into the surgery? Well, I mean, I guess anybody would be thinking, you know, am I going to die? Or am I going to be disfigured? I think that's the own. Well, I make sure to do research. Right. And that's my point. When you see Dr. Blyas before and after you've got lunges to die. Doesn't that make you feel good inside it, like you feel comfortable? Well, I mean, I just felt, yeah, good and you have faith that you don't worry. I mean, the guys on thousands of surgeries on this, you know, countless. So I have no, no, you know, has I'm not going to say none. There's always something in the back of the mind. But for the most part, I don't. You get a little nervous and then that's about it. We're going to keep an eye on Jeff after a surgery. We're going to interview him again and we're going to see some after pictures. And we're going to see what Dr. Blyas does to revise this and improve on his look. And hopefully you're self-esteem will be better. And Jeff, thanks for always coming on. Thanks. If anyone wants to catch Jeff's, what, what do you call yourself? Well, I'm a dating coach and a traction coach. I help men flirt efficiently with exceptionally attractive women. But any women in general and Jeff magic and you can see me on the arts. Just Google in arts video, Jeff magic dating. You're on the happy muscle TV show. You're on the whole episode. You can watch him in action. Well, you can catch me. Can I throw a plug in the show? Sure. Go ahead. My phone number is 631-258-8595. Or you can go to my website, which is learndatingmagic.com. And I take men out, moles, coffee shops, clubs, bars, beaches, and teach them how to approach women anytime. Anywhere. Can you get a teach peat the end? Peat the video guy. I had to pick up a girl right after we get out of here. I absolutely agree. All right, you want. Let's get moving. You are. Yeah. I'm a bit of a full-busting wise ass, so keep me as a love mate or hate me. You know the type. So, yeah, your head might be slightly bigger than hers. But other than that, other than that, you're like duplicates. You're 22. Thank you. 27, really? Yeah, I'm not going to give her a compliment. You're terrible. The terrible theory. I don't live here. I live on, well, do you know what Huntington is on the one? I don't know where that is. Do you go there? Sure. Now, how are you related to these ladies? My girl. The girls, to give birth. It's a baby magic that turned into growing up rats. Okay, let's go. Who are you under there? Who are you? There you are. Oh, okay, look at those brown eyes. The worst I've ever seen. Yeah. So, yeah, you gave birth to two very terribly wonderful girls. No, I'm just teasing you. Yeah, no, it's really weird. It's like a group of scientists like Clonju. And basically the reason I can mow her is because I'm ballsy. And I'm a musician, so I do magic shows. And you look like her. It's weird if you ever run into somebody like that. I was an acting class. The first thing I said to her was, are you, you know, butt head. And she didn't like it. Yeah, I didn't. And then she saw how I interact with everybody else. And she got used to it. And then we became friends. And then we wanted to be each other. But it didn't work out. So, it's pretty much it. So, I've been twinning to help more you. Yeah. It's for me. Well, she changed her name. It was John. Well, originally was Jennifer. And she changed it to John. I don't know. Jennifer. It was Jennifer. It was Jennifer. It was Jennifer. So, you guys are going in here to eat or what are you doing? Yeah. We're in the 13th. That's right. Do you before go be honest? Do you guys like magic? I'm going to guess something. I'm going to guess something. I'm going to guess something. Ready? Watch. I want all three of you. This will tell me if you're really related or not. I'm going to guess from one to ten, you're going to keep the number in your head. The first number that comes in your head, you ready? You got it? What's the number? No, not that loud. Number between one and ten. Keep it to yourself and when I'm ready, I want you to say it. Okay. I'm going to tell you what it is. And you tell me from right. That's an amendment. Very tired. Okay. You got your number in your head. Between one and ten, you picked it. You got yours. You got yours. I guess two. I guarantee you. I'm going to guess at least two. Two of you. You have. Don't change it on me. If you guessed one and then guessed the other, you'll throw me off. Two of you, at least two of you picked seven. And maybe one of you picked eight. Nope. I don't mind being wrong. It's kind of fun being full. What was it? Do. What? You guys aren't related. I'll show you one more checker. It's cute. Mom give me your hands. Okay, then I'll sweaty right. I just use the napkins. We got sushi. That's okay. I'm just eating it. Okay, this is a fun trick. Okay. Come over here. Spend a circle. Good. I just made myself. I made you disappear. I'm over here now. You're over there. I saw you spot. Isn't that cool trick? It's lame. It's lame, is it? It's lame, is it? So do you guys have boyfriend? Yes. How long? Here. I have a child. How old are you? You got a child. Are you another one that you got good genetics and he's grown? How old are you? All right. I don't know how old she's in a my going there. How old are you? I'm 39. How old are you? And the old you kid. Oh, I do magic shows. Kids. Oh, yeah. Well, that's where I get to. I can just walk up any. Do people here like walk up and just start talking? They don't. No, no. There are a lot of people with sticks up there, but in this town. The girls are bitchy. Like clubs and stuff. Do guys like try to like, yo, uh, watch them over. I'm going to try to have, you know, that stuff, uh, the fake face and stuff. Yeah. There's no like cool down there, of course. Not really. No. No. They're blind. Everywhere. They're kind of, if you want to roll with a person, off of them. It's normal hanging on. They need people. Well, that's a good one. Well, anyway, all right, there's no room here for me. I lied. She's not my girlfriend. It was a bunch of bullshit. You probably know it, too. And, uh, since you have a boyfriend, I'm not going to try to get to know you otherwise would have popped your off to the side right here. Mom would have supervised from the back. Make sure you're okay. And then you and I would have went on a date. But that's not going to happen. Hey, nice meeting you, Mom. Thanks, Mom. I'm Italian. What are you? What's up? Are you? Yes. You're going to die. You're going to die. You're going to die. It's written on a benzina. No. You don't want to know either. I did that's one thing I know. It means, uh, can I have free knowledge of this? I swear to God. Hi, bye, bye, bye, bye. Hi, bye. All right, I'll see you. So. Hey, guys. I got a quick question for you. I come in peace. First off, there's three of you here. One guy. Three guys. Yeah. Good thing. Two girls. Now, this, I don't want to be rude. Is this your girlfriend? Yeah. Just friends, you're all friends? Yeah. I'm Jeff. Nice to meet you. Mom. I'm Jeff. You have a twin, a duplicate. No. No, I don't mean to like that. Take a group of scientists. And then I have to go, yeah, because my friend's a waiting for me. Uh, very, very quickly. Uh, shoes Irish and a time. I called her a butt head when it first met her. It's a mowai dish. And basically, we didn't like each other. And then eventually we became friends. And I just want to do that. That's pretty much it. It's very random. Yeah. But now, do you have a boyfriend and just curious? Yeah. You got him to be gonna say. Yeah, I got him. Pretty much a McGuy for God's sake. God damn right. But you know what? There's no time for that. Hi. Anyways, good luck. Nice to meet you. Take care. Bye bye. Take care. Another day is coming, God. We saw a great trip with Dr. Blau, Gary informative. For all you guys out there who considering having kind of come as the surgery done or have issues, you are nervous about maybe you weren't sure about. Hopefully this will lead some of your fears. And you'll realize that it's not a very big deal to get this operation. A lot of guys have it done. And I think it'll clear your mind and really show you that you know, you have the ability to get over this thing that's bothering you. And I had it so I know a lot about that. We also got another little chance to go one through the streets with magic Jeff and see what Jeff magic is. He likes to be called and see his some of his techniques on the street. Some of them work, some of them don't. But the guys got a set of balls and he got a lot of afraid to go up to anyone and talk to them. And as you'll see, as we take this final segment out, he almost got his ass kicked. Forget a little too ballsy. And I'll leave you guys with that little last gem of a day from or gem of a moment from Jeff magic. I know what you're doing David. Prix, show me me. I'm taking a leak. What are you doing out of there? I'm playing paddock cake. Guys filming me, spanking my chicken over here. Now I'm taking a whiz. Just doing a caveman thing. Oh my god. Why don't you go piss out somebody else's window, man? Well, you know, we've all pissed in other people's places. That guy just spit on me. I just had a guy say why don't you piss on somebody else's window. You just spit on me if he comes out here, I'm gonna have to check out.