Day, Palombo here with an RX muscle, news update. This just in look at the video and see for yourself. Mr. Olivia Branding Curry, out there at Oxygen Gym, posing outside an actual sunlight. I'm pretty impressed with what I'm saying. A lot of people ask me what I thought of branding chances this year. And I always tell people the same thing. Branding Curry's one dangerous competitor. Why? Because he's got one of the prettiest structures up there on that stage. When he's at his best, any, any has been pretty consistent in the last couple of years. I thought it was really good last year. I mean, if it wasn't for Randy just outsizing, I mean, the curry could have been Mr. Olympia, I guess. But if you look at Brandon's physique, it's pretty. Because it's pretty your eyes go right to that physique when he, on stage. I always tell people 90% I believe of your judging score. Any show is determined on your standing relaxed position and your front double bicep. Because those are the poses you're in the most. Standing that people, the judges are just trying to figure out what they want to do. And they just look at you and you're standing there. That's, and Curry looks amazing standing there. Because he got the small ways, the big broad shoulders. He's got a lot of wow and pop to his physique, especially from the front. And his, his back poses have dramatically improved. We always do we had a great back. And he had great V-Taper. His torso's not too long. It's not too short. It's perfect. His, not always was his legs. But his legs are up. His legs are good. His legs matches up for body now. His glutes, I mean, are really good. His hamstrings are ripped. I mean, he's looking pretty damn good. You know, with eight weeks or whatever we got to go to the Olympia left. I mean, so he's right on track. He's looking bigger than I've seen him in a long time. So that's a good, that's a good sign that we're going to see, not only a good brand of Curry or a great brand. And we're going to see a better brand of Curry that we saw the last couple years, which is what he's going to need to be if he's going to knock off a big rammy, continue to beat Heidi Schouppen, and all the other guys that are surging at this point. And who knows who will be jumping in if Kai Green shows up or, you know, Phil Heath shows up. You know, those are, of course, wild cards, but we don't know about that. But I think that this is a very good look for Brandi Curry. I, I, I, I, I, I met a fact I think that whatever they're doing don't change, you know, it's working at this point. Don't do anything crazy. He's got the added size he needed. I'm sure the judges asked him to put a few pounds on concern areas. It looks like he filled out that frame. I'm super impressed. Now, there's a lot of time between now and the Olympia. Things can go wrong and change and stuff like that. But I think he's on the right track and I'm excited for him to see what he's going to bring to that Olympia stage because I don't want to blow out on that Olympia. I want a big battle up there. I want to see guys, you know, go ahead to head and I want to see those judges have a hard time making a decision. And at the end of the day, I want to see a great show and I think Brandi Curry is going to bring it this year. Day polo with an RX muscle, news update.