Old School Body Building Clothing Company. If leg day was yesterday and now you're wondering why toilets are so damn low, you are definitely old school. If you're the only athlete in your gym that knows there's a contest today and it's to see who trains the hardest. You are old school. Go S BBC.com for the hardest training athletes. Day Palombo here with another RX muscle rant. In today's world, things are changing very rapidly. The world as we know it is completely different than it was 10, 15, 20 years ago. And some people get depressed over and some people don't know how to deal with it. I get enraged at things that go on on a daily basis in my life. A lot of people ask me, hey Dave, how do you keep it all together? How do you say pause? How do you succeed in today's world as time evolves and as time goes on? How do you continue to re-invent yourself? I want to give you some examples. On a daily basis, I'm driven crazy. By some of the moronic stuff that goes on in this world, we order a bunk bed. Okay, for my son. I've talked about this before. We went to rooms to go and we found this bunk bed. My son was jumping all over. My kids were loving it. We bought the bunk bed. They said it'll be delivered the next day. I said, well, that's great service. Next day, the thing comes. They bring up 10 boxes and then they bring it out the final box. They open it up to carry this thing up my stairs. The one piece, the big piece, it has the staircase on it. It's scratched and it looked like someone threw it off the top of the truck. Okay, when they take it out of the box. They're going to bet they're bringing up my steps and I'm like, wow, guys, did you guys look at this thing? It's a rack. I thought, oh, who was this dude, dude? I said, what would you do if you bought this bunk bed and this is what came out of the truck? Would you take it? Oh, you should really, you know, they just too lazy. They wanted to just get the job over with. So I call up rooms to go and I'm like, you guys delivered a piece of the bunk bed. Then we gave them pictures. Oh, sorry, sorry, sorry. All right, we'll get you another one. All right, when? It's going to be two weeks. Now you go and tell a five year old that is bunk bed that was supposed to be delivered when you got back from school is not going to be there now for two weeks because you guys know what the situation is. They go crazy, right? And I would go crazy too as a kid. I've told my son Logan, it's not coming. Two weeks later, the same week, two weeks from the Wednesday was supposed to be delivered, the truck arrives, okay? Guys, I hope you guys, oh, we inspected this in the warehouse. It's great. There's no box on this one piece that they're rediscovered. All the other pieces are still up in my son's room for now two weeks, luckily he didn't destroy them. And they take the plastic off of this thing. And of course it's all damaged again. Unlike guys, this is the second time. How do you, it's not even in the box. You're probably giving me the same piece I got last week and call him up again another two weeks. I said, look, this is ridiculous. I said, no, no, we're going to do inspections and every step in a way, it rooms to go. We're going to do it at the warehouse, the deliver. And a two weeks later, now we're on four weeks after the original purchase, the truck arrives, they take the box off. Look at this, it looks beautiful, right? It's been inspected. The last step, the woodlam, which I didn't even know was woodlam, is peeling off. Call him up. I said, look, my son's got to have this bunk bed. I said, you guys, bring it up, say I said it up, I said, you bring me back, you replace the part, whatever you want to bring back. Fine, that's your right. I'm sorry. Now the guys go to bring this one piece up the steps, they can't get it up my step. The thing must weigh 500 pounds. Or look, I can't weigh 500 pounds. They can't get it up my stairs. They're like, sorry, we can't be enough the steps. I said, so what are I going to sell my son? We just don't bunk bed. Okay, now I'm, I'm future theory. I'm ready to do video and put it up on Instagram and everything like that because of the incompetence level. But you know what, I said to myself, don't look, why are you going to get worked up? No one cares about anything anymore. There's no, no one takes workmanship, you know, appreciation, no one has pride in their work. People just want to get to job, but the fact is today, no one even wants to work anymore. And that is almost like a metaphor of our entire society now that we live in. However, you can't get down and get depressed about that because it has nothing to do with you. There's other people, lazy, just because other people don't handle merchandise properly or do customer service. Well, okay, because what I would have done is I want to say, look, I'm going to knock some money off this. I'm going to have it brought back to you the next day because I want you as my customer to be happy. Just like if someone complains about a tub of protein arriving crushed or not working properly or the wrong flavor, I tell him, you know what, keep it, I'm going to send you another one. Okay, because I'm going to send you two a matter of fact because I want you to be happy as my customer. I'm not going to treat my customer service like they did just because that's the way the rest of the world is operate. Here's another one, another one. I don't even know if anyone cares about anything in this, but you know what, this is my ran, I can say whatever I want. You don't have to listen. I had to get my thyroid removed as you know and I had to get radio activate. And before I got my radio activate, I had to take two shots to try to gave myself of something called phyrogen. It's basically synthetic TSH, thyroid stimulating hormone. I had to take it two days before I took a shot and then the day before it comes in a box. Like this, it looked like I even did it on video, it looked like a box of GH. And it was two single shots of TSH, thyroid stimulating hormone. So I get a call from the pharmacy the other day, this is weeks after and they're like, oh there's a balance on this. I'm like, oh all right, what is it? You all have 700 dollars. I'm like 700 dollars. I'm like, I said buying insurance in pain, you know this? She's like, well let me check. So she goes to the, she's like, oh no they paid. I said, well how much they paid 10 bucks? She's like, oh the cost of this drug was $4800. $48, so it was $5,000 for two shots of thyroid stimulating hormone. Five grand. Okay, $5,000. I could have bought three from the pharmacy, legitimately. I could have bought three kits of GH of Syrist MGH, which would have lasted me seven with, would have lasted me like three months or four months or five months of GH. For the same price is the tow shots of thyroid stimulating hormone. I had to take. Why was it that expensive? Because not that many people use it. So the government allows these drug companies to charge whatever they want to call the orphan drug at. That's why GH is so expensive. But these, these fuckers charged have the nerve to charge $5,000. $4800. Can you imagine how I didn't have insurance? And I had to do this. That's robbery. That's why our society is falling apart because there's no, there's no equality to anything. There's no reason that we're riding the reason why they charge this. So they charge that. It's arbitrary. It's just like how can we make the most money? We know that people that take this are getting radioactive iodine. And they're desperate. They have cancer. We'll just take advantage of them. It's like to came off therapy drugs through the roof. You think those drugs really cost that much to make bullshit. Bullshit they do. And once again, this is enough to get you depressed. If you really thought about it and let it affect you, I laugh. Because you know what? I know that that's not who I am. I can see the absurdity at it. And my father always taught me, you know what? No matter the depths of depression that you're in, you no matter how sick you are, how down and out you are, always find the absurdity and everything you do and laugh at it. And that makes it go away and lose all its energy. And that's the bottom line. Every time I take my kids to school every morning, they watch the little mermaid. I'm sure a lot of you have seen them a little mermaid. If you have kids, you've seen it multiple times. And it's in my little mini van on the DVD player there. And there's a part where the king tried and he's the king of the mire people. He says those humans, they fish. They put their hooks in these fish and they kill these fish and they gut the fish and they eat. And he's making it. And I'm saying to myself, wait a second. He's upset that the humans are eating fish. What the hell are the mire people eating down in the ocean? What are they eating? What are they eating? They got to be in fish too. Sharks eat fish, other fish eat fish. How come the mire people don't eat fish? What do they eat? Like seaweed? So there's why I mentioned that. I don't know, it just drives me crazy when I drive to work. I see the absurdity and everything. And I laugh and a lot of times people probably drive and buy me. Think I'm crazy. But the purpose of me telling you this is that number one, don't let life get you upset. Don't let it get you depressed. Don't let it get you down. Find the absurdity, everything that happens in life. Everything the bothers you, everything that goes wrong, is always an angle that you can find and laugh at. If you got to do a rant like this on your YouTube channel or your Instagram, do it because it releases everything. It's like therapy. This is my therapy that I do. And never stop trying. Do your best every day. That's my take home. I should do your best. Don't worry about the guy next to you or guys two doors down, who is lazy and sitting home and collecting an unemployment check. Do your best and be your best. And you know what? Leave nothing on the table no matter what anyone else does. This way you can go to bed with a smile and face every single day and say, you know what? I did my best and you know what? I guarantee if you do your best, you'll be successful. And whenever you get down, find the absurdity. That's the famous wise words of Salpalombo. I'm passing them on to you. I'm giving them to you today on this Rx muscle rant. Have a great weekend. I'm Daypalombo. We'll see you next time.