Tennessee Williams, what's up? Hell is yourself, and the only redemption is when a person puts himself aside to feel deeply for another person. They tuned for a peak from today in the life of Melchance, a true modern day and a year if you're ever was born. Welcome to my Rax muscle, welcome into the home that I grew up in on my life. This is my girlfriend Melissa right here, doing a little cooking for everybody, we're cooking some eggs, not all whites though, and some bacon because no one's diet in here today. So this is purely obses and mass food. Come out, how many eggs do you typically need to breakfast? 12. I do eight whites and four yolks. But today, since we have the crew here, I think we're going to do about 30, it looks like we're just going to throw in a pan, throw some cheese in there. I know we've got to get air in some carbs for the workout today, so... I like your white thing. My separator, you know, I know a lot of people use the eggs separators, but it takes too long for me and I don't have the patience to do all that. Sometimes I'm just doing it this way. In bacon, and we usually bacon but since we have all the guests in the house today, we're going to do an old-fashioned meal. So this is the house that I grew up in as a child, my mother and father's house. I moved out when I was about 21 years old, and I moved back in here in 2008. My father passed away. He was a very bad diabetic. He passed away from her complications. This was the house that he built. My mother and my mother, who you guys will see in a little bit, is 81, who just had a quadruple by pastor himself. She didn't want to stay here by herself, and I knew she didn't want to sell the house. So I decided to come back in here and take care of my mother, somebody that took care of me on my life. Everybody knows I was in prison. My mom and dad took care of me the whole time. I figured this was my time to come back here and take care of my mother. As we pass the church on the way in, as you guys will see my mom, she's very old school Catholic Italian. So that's the church that she goes to every morning, religiously. A 30 in the morning, you know, for 41 years that I've been alive. So we always make a joke that I live literally ten houses from the church. My father used to say, you can't even get ten houses before you start swearing and calling us a son of a bitch or something. So it was kind of the joke, you know, living so close to the church. Looks like super cooking so much, huh? Yeah, no, no, how are you going to actually get this thing to coalesce at some point? I don't know. There's 20 eggs in here and this is the most I've ever cooked at once. Do you even in jail, you never cooked for a long cruise, you guys? No, all the other old Italians that was there, job and if you know what I mean? They cooked, you know, so I always just was hanging out for the ride with them. There is a, there is an ethnic stereotype in the sense of the prison jobs that people had. There's more than that. Yeah, like I got in with all the old Italians. I was, I would work for an hour on Saturday night and an hour on Sunday night and we go around and we pick up, you know, cigarette ball before cigarette butts in the yard. But this last time I was away from 04 to the end of 07. There's no more smoking in prisons. So that was my first gig at we would go, we'd get a little hand bag, like a little glove. And we'd put about three cigarette butts in each one and we walk around and talk about all the nonsense. That was our jobs. Why everybody else, you know, you have to have a job and everybody else was in the kitchen and stuff. So, you know, I had a little perks when I was in there, which was pretty good. Um, I mean I grew up kind of like, you know, a little bit of a strip of families. You guys see my sisters, my mom, my dad, you know, hard workers, my mom, work and dad, work and all their life. Um, what the school, I got good grades in school, you know, I played football, baseball. And, you know, it was a nice neighborhood to grow up at nice house, you know, and, um, I was young, my mom, my sister used to dress me, right? So, uh, because my mom always works. So, you know, I go to school and I always realized that they dressed me like for a joke or something like that. So, nobody else was aware of what I was wearing, you know, and plus when I was younger, of course, I, with the name of Malvin, it was, you know, but so many kids had that name. So, it was a little rough like that, you know, again picked that a little bit. Hi, I'm Jackie Mell's sister and I'm Carol Mell's oldest sister. We just would like to tell you a little story about Mal when he was younger. One thing I can really remember is that as mother always dressed him in plaid pants. So, everybody loved to make fun of him. So, as nowadays, the bully and all that, well, that was poor Mal. Everybody teased him. But he was an honor student and he was, um, into school stuff, um, I'm trying to think. Sports and all that. But he had the same time he still was always teased by kids. See, he was born with a chest that used to be sunk in. And me as I am used to teasing about it. And of course, when he was swimming in the pool, we used to fill his chest up with water. So, I do used to teasing, I guess. You know, when I got into my teens, I just met some different people and got into the motorcycle lifestyle a little bit and decided I'd like that and I want to thousand my house an hour forward. But, by 14, 15 years old, he was working out and he was working out every day. It was one part of the body, the next part of the body. And my husband used to go with him. But he got so tired to take and his weights off the weight stuff. He couldn't do it himself anymore. It was just you, Abby. You know, I started training with the weights. Really when I was about 14, I seen some magazines. And I really liked it. But actually, when I got serious, I was 16 years old. And my daughter's mother lived next door to a guy who was a biker. And he was all tatted up and jacked up. 260 pounds trained all the time. Didn't drink, didn't smoke. And he was the next door neighbor. And, you know, I seen him. And I said, that's what I want to look like one day. Check you and I babysitting him when my mom and dad went to the bowling. You know, but I, since I was much older, you know, it was more hurt. And finally one time. He was very spoiled. Being a brat in her and I were watching him. And he wouldn't calm down. So I went upstairs. He was down here. And I went upstairs and I put ketchup on my arm. I went rain the front door bell. And then I just laid there. And he cried and screamed because he thought somebody had killed me. So I mean, we had that was the way that we had to get him to calm down. Otherwise, he wouldn't listen to us with anything with religion. I mean, I used to tell him the depth. You are the devil and used to just scream. I am not. Yes, he is very afraid of that. One other thing we could use to get him to calm down just tell him the devil's and you or something. And he would get off. Yeah, because everybody knows. I mean, even though I used to be in my brother, I was always very religious and believe in God. And you know, I was one of them guys. I do some bad things and prance on ants. And I am doing it again, God. And I was 15 because I went 16. And I got in a fight in the high school. And they were suspended me. And the principal had my mother in his office. And when they called me in, my mom was in there and she was crying because the principal was ripping her like, Well, if you knew how to raise your kid and just talk it a little crazy to her. So I jumped his desk and sacked him in the nose and broke his nose. And I took off Ronin because I knew the cops were coming and my mom was driving through and they were trying to find me. And I ran home and the cops were here. So, you know, they pressed, you know, sign a complaint, everything. I was young. I was going to sign a school because she said, I'm not taking you 30 minutes away to another district and you're going to run out the back door. I might leave the lot. So I'm going to sign it. It's a great. I laid in the pool for a week. I relaxed. I'm like, man, I got the life. I'm turning 16. I don't got to go to school. Low and behold, I didn't know they had a plan. My uncle owned a concrete company. And I, my mom said, go lace up your boots. You're going to work. So from the time I was 16 until the time I was 20, I poured concrete foundations, home-th forms. You know, I poured the driveway here that many years ago. I just really, from then them four years, I was running a crew by the time I was two years later. I was running a crew back then. I was making 20 bucks an hour. And that's how I had, you know, my eye rock and my vet and my motorcycle. It's how I started getting into the bikes and stuff like that. I started dating her mom when I was 15. And she was 19. And we kind of like grew up together a little bit. You know, I met her and she was young. I was young and then we had our daughter and very young age. And I was, you know, like I said, working construction day and day out, power them to concrete. And just raising my, you know, doing the family life, you know, doing that. And then once I got 19 and I got involved with the other things, then, you know, my life kind of took a different angle, which I always, you know, was trying to be my daughter's life. I always, you know, paid my ex-child support and tried to see my daughter when it was much as I can. But I mean, I traveled a very lot. I was always on the go and a plane on a motorcycle. I mean, I was around the country a lot. So it was, it was hard to be in her life constantly. Was, did you feel guilty about the fact that you couldn't? I mean, you were young guys. I was like, yeah. Yeah. I mean, you know, then back then I really didn't because I had so much, you know, I had tunnel vision. I was really into what I was into. And that was my job, that was my life, you know. But once I sat back, you know, and sort of say, I got out of the forest and I could see the trees, then I seen, like, you know, who I was neglecting in my life and the things that mattered to me. Instead of, you know, the nonsense I was doing and getting locked up and, you know, FBI and the federal government being on me all the time, I just said, this is not exactly what I want. I met one of the health angles when I was younger. And I just, it was that guy I was just telling you guys about the jacked up guy. And I just thought he looked cool. I said, man, I know what I want to look like. He was, you know, muscular, huge, I should say back then, I'm tatted up. And I liked that whole aura of the motorcycle stuff, you know, the housing doesn't treat me. And, man, I just started going forward and hung out hanging out with them guys all the time. And before I knew I was right there, four years I was in a club before I became the president and back then. I mean, it's a vote. It's, you know what I mean? It's the whole room. It's a vote and who becomes it's a yearly thing. And, you know, the members vote. So, I mean, you know, you have to, you know, I was a little aggressive. I was young. I was aggressive. I was focused right on that. And that's what I devoted all my time to. So when he became president for us, for me, it didn't shock me. Do many people like them, they thought he was, you know, good representative for them. And he did a lot of fighting for him. I'm sure, but that's not what we knew him. Yeah, we did. When I first met Mal, you know, he was the leader of the Health and Social Heritage Caucus. But he didn't act like that around us. So I never really got to see that bad boy side of him. I always heard the stories read the articles. But he's always just been a big teddy bear with me. I probably shouldn't say that because it might embarrass him. He did his thing and we all go through it where we have to go through a bad phase in life and then we grow up. And, you know, he's a better person for it today. It made him who he is. Who, yeah, that was hard on them. You know, we're such a tight family. Both of my sisters live five minutes from parents. So it was very hard on them. You know, and bringing my mother to see me, you know, her only boy of the baby, of course, you know, it was hard. I mean, I broke my heart to see them leave the visit. And you would think that they were going behind the wall into the cell. And I was going free. So that was the hardest thing for me. And then, you know, sitting there, you know, for, you know, 30 something months and just seeing this, then coming every month through three hours, four hours. I was getting shipped around a lot to different prisons. And that's just what made me think. You know, I see my little, my daughter crying to me at the time. And, you know, when I came home, I told everybody, I said, I'm not going back. You know, I'm not doing all that nonsense and more. It's time that I start focusing on you guys. And, you know, I made a pack of my daughter that I never go back. Well, of course, I did later in, or four, when the government re-code me, but it was from something that I did through the 90s. So, you know, I never really did anything. You know, it was my past coming back to get me. When he went and, or, or, oh, five, I think. Yeah, I was really sad. Because I was supposed to meet him for breakfast. He never showed up. And then I came here and they told me, I think, right, I remember him in the morning. Was that, was that, was that hurt you inside? Because knowing that you're a daughter, you made that promise to you, to a daughter and keep it. Uh, yeah, I'm no. I mean, yeah, I mean, I did, she understood, because I didn't really break my promise, but she understood that, you know, I had to go pay from, you know, the past. And it kept coming back and haunting me. And they were just, were relentless with me about, you know, me not being associated with them guys anymore. That was the, you know, that was the plan that the government was like, enough for this guy. Oh, yes, it was. Yes, it was. Yes, it was. Our family sticks together and to lose him and him to tell us that family don't mean, excuse me, fucking nothing to me. It was a hard thing to handle. But we just couldn't let him go. I know. I was at the jail. I don't know how many times I brought his mother, his father. You know, everybody up there to see him and stuff and his daughter. Right. So, well, that was awful. That was really awful because when we walked in there, we had, I think we had Dad with us at that time. And just, you know, my dad, because he can, he was sick then, you know, and stuff like that. And they just hugged each other. Oh, my God, that was sick. They had us. Oh, yes. They prayed and prayed and they had prayer groups here. And prayed and prayed and prayed from now. And hoped to God that he would come home. Dad, like Carol said, was real sick and thought he would never get to see us. Son again. Right. He really was the golden child to them. So, to see him, they didn't believe he was into that. And to hear it all in the courtroom. Oh, yeah. That was, that was pretty. We never really knew what he was into to we went into the courtroom. I never took mom because I knocked. To the courts. At the end of the whole seven when I came home from prison, that's, you know, I said to myself, I'm never going back. You know, you always see your never, but God forbid there could be a situation you get into. Nobody knows what every day tonight's going to bring. But as far as me running around and being in a knucklehead and doing all that nonsense, I don't have nothing to do with anything no more. You know, the motorcycle stuff. You know, I run a nightclub. I don't even go out to other nightclub as I'm my night's off. I just, you know, really do my thing now. I think it's yes. Oh, I know he's here. He's taking care of my mom. Jackie, because there's, there's so close. They're taking care of my mom, but he's, you know, he's really doing. He's doing a good job. He's running a regime for his mother with all us girls. You know, when he went away and his dad became really sick, his biggest fear in life was not being able to see his father or his mother before they passed. I think that really opened his eyes the first time when he came out. And he realized, I got to change my life or I'm not going to see these people anymore. He quit the angels, obviously. But then when back to prison, and was lucky enough to get out in time before Papa passed. But I think, again, his parents really kind of changed him when he lifted them and saw them getting older. And, you know, just the fear of everything. I've changed the whole lot. How did he change from the second time as to the first time? I think he really realized that this was the end of it. He had to do something else with his life. One more time, and he wasn't getting out. Like I said before, family is very important to me all his dad. He was getting up on in years. I prayed every night that nothing would happen to his dad while he was in. And because I don't even know how they had to cut them in, if that would happen. But when he got out, way more positive outlook on life as far as the things he wanted to do. And the things he wanted to stay away from. He really took care of his mom and dad and excelled in what he's doing now, running clubs, making money legally. When he first came home, it was like, oh no, he's not gonna change. And then he had a couple girls after that, and it was like still, he was the ignorant. Yeah. He's like, yeah, I see him. As he was, he just didn't respect women and like we, we don't put up with that. So why don't you respect women seeing that he loved his mother and it's so much. Why didn't he just, I don't know. That's awful. I don't know if it's something he's seen with women and women hang all over him. It's kind of sad. One time I was back here and our summer fest and there was a girl talking to him and I came up to talk to my brother. And she just kept pushing me away. Finally I looked at her and said, can I talk to my brother and she said, well, I was talking first. And I said, it's my brother, I think you need to get that heck out of here. So she left, but it's always been like that. Everywhere he goes, people are on. I'm wanting to talk to him, wanting like he's somebody famous and I just, I don't understand it. But I'm glad to have him back the way he is. You know, people think Mell is a real badass, but he's very, very good to his friends, his family. He's got a heart of gold. Being that he was the leader of the Hell's Angels, totally different person. You would never put the two together. You should see him around with his grandbaby. It's unbelievable. He's the type of guy that would give you the shirt off his back if you needed it. Mell's a loyal family man. You can't find any better dead, better son, better friend, tallest friends. Not only to me, but tallest, close friend. He's solid to his daughter, forget about it. His mom and dad, but before his dad passed away a few years back, you know, he took care of his father, took care of his mother. You know, not mine, but just way of son takes care of his mom and dad. A very, very, very, very close family and very good family man. I mean, once you're thinking of Mell, you're like, oh man, this guy's not here, this guy's this, but people never saw that kind of, this side of him, the family side of him. You know, love his family, definitely got Mell out of the lifestyle he was in. If it wasn't for the solid relationship he would have, he would have probably still been a prison. Well, I put on 35 pounds in about two months, and that was just literally from eating food and training with weights again because that whole time that I was away, I had no weights. I had, you know, I couldn't do nothing book push ups and some sit ups, and you know, I was eating 1,800 calories a day, and you know, the feds really don't have weights anymore in the prisons, because they got this rule that when they break them, when you break them, they don't read them. So a lot of prisons don't have them no more. So that was a long break for me from training and eating. When you got out, you kick body building, that body building lifestyle that you started when you're so young, kind of kept you focused and maybe you can kept you out of that lifestyle. Oh, yeah, for real, for real, because you know, I was always an active guy. So you're looking for something to do. And I mean, the gym took up two, three hours of my day, five, six days a week. You know, what, what I wanted to train, I wanted to grow, I wanted to, you know, you know, get bigger again. So that took up a lot of my time where I didn't have all that time to go running around and hit the streets and think about any nonsense anymore. When you got out, did you go right to Chuck's gym and talk to him and say, hey, do you want to get back to the competing? I didn't say anything about the competing. I just went back and you know, took my partner back Chuck because he was training in the morning time. My switch, we switched the hours, we started training, they have to noon together and just sit in it hard. And you know, in that first, like I said, that first six of a month, I was back up to where I am right now. Where I hover about 280 and everybody was like, man, you should really think about doing a show. And I was like, ah, I don't know. I don't think I'm done with all that. And I ended up doing the Illinois, Illinois, and went in the show, yeah. Yeah. And what's your future goals in bodybuilding? Um, July. My next sites are for July for the Masters Nationals in Pittsburgh. And I'm going to start, you know, diet and training for that after I get back from the Arnold. So I want to see if, how I can fit in the master's days. Like I never thought, you know, back in the day running around the country and doing all the stuff I was into. I mean, I knew all the pro bodybuilders because I wasn't that lifestyle. Like, cogs us to them both lifestyles, you know, from ad counters from the corporate owners of golds. And to Jim Manion and Steve Weinberger, they knew me, you know, for who I was. And I got along with everybody. So I was always around, you know, the scene for other years. And I never really thought about turning pro or really getting up there on stage because I wanted to eat. You know, everything under the sun, what I wanted to eat. So to make it that far to see that I could do it for the Illinois and add an older age. I said, okay, let me see what I could do with the masters here. And that's what we decided on.