Old School Body Building Clothing Company. If it's been three and a half hours since you last ate protein, now you're starting to freak out, you are old school. If watching someone sit on a hammer machine for five minutes between sets playing with their phone, pisses you off, you are definitely old school. OSBBC.com for the hardest training athletes. I love it. Yeah. I'm Dave Palombo, founder of Species Nutrition. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body and that lives on in the Species Nutrition Lighter Products, I put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition Products. If you want to be your absolute best, join the evolution. Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X-Box, our 30-year-in-a-row. What we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry. It's a low-carve cocktail. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love it as shown. This is our best place to be in LA. Rx-Helvisionon.rxmuscle.com. This is Ask Dave Betternode as hashtag. Ask Dave. Your 30-minute question and answer show with Dave Palombo. All your questions, diet, training, supplementation, I am being pros, competitions, whatever on your mind. It is all on the tables. Now, bring a Dave Palombo, Dave. We talked about what's going on in and outside of the bodybuilding roll-away took place yesterday. Outside of the bodybuilding world for those who have been seen it, big-lany, Mr. G, the official press conference yesterday on Ask Breyer. You know when you built it up, I was trying to think, I'm like, did I forget something big that happened in the bodybuilding roll-away? I was trying to figure out what it was and then, of course, told me that. I was like, how could I have forgotten the big, lany, Mr. G press conference? It's a pretty big deal, yeah. It's funny because it started out lany and Mr. G were on the same show after hours. Then, Mr. G was insulted by something lany, etc. On the show, we called him like a total asshole or a total moron. It's just he told him about it. Then they decided they were going to have a fight. Now they're hanging out in this mansion and like, bulk at all, and then Mr. G's bringing l'Cookies and posters and t-shirts and they're like best friends now. We've got the three of them. Rob Zilla, Lany and Mr. G. I'm like, how you get a fight this guy now? And then, so they want a fight. They're fighting. So they're going to fight and we'll see what happens. I think it's going to be a massacre, but my John Romano and I came up with a better idea. What they should do is, Mr. G's got the cookies. He should move the whole operation down the floor to like he originally was planning. And he should hire Lany and Rob Zilla to actually cook the baked cookies. And they could have like a whole business. And then if they were smart, they'd have someone coming and filmed the whole thing on a daily basis because it would be the greatest YouTube reality show of all time probably. Well, they got the whole crew down there. So I think it'll be a nice little collaboration there, Mr. G, and the Mr. G. And the Mr. G. You could have his own signature line and Mr. Cookies there. Big Lany and so yeah. For those asking, yes, right now, I guess the flight will be going on as planned. So stay tuned and I hear that Dusty Handsha is doing better. You know? Oh, okay, that's good news. Yes. Dusty Handsha, who obviously was choking on something a couple weeks ago and why the tearing is a soft against blood into his lungs. He got it in the morning. And he got it in infection. They had to put him like kind of an almost an induced coma or sedation at least. They he was on a ventilator. They pulled the vent from what I understand. I saw Ron Partlogina an interview with Russell and cider. And they pulled the vent to late. And now they just have, I think, a breathing tube. But it's not like he's not on a ventilator anymore. But he still not out of the woods because he got, you know, there was like, I guess he was eating a steak and they actually had a piece of steak in his lung. You know, or it was terrible. I mean, it was a freakyest accident. And I thought I'd get freaky things happen to me stupid things. That was the freakyest accident I've ever heard of. And you know, it was almost, it almost killed them. So I'm glad that he's still doing well. But obviously, you know, when you're down and out for that long, it's not like he's just going to like, all of a sudden, you know, come on Instagram and say, hey, I feel great. You know, he's probably not going to be able to talk for a while because his throat was so damaged and the esophagus had to be repaired. And it's got to heal, you know, takes time. You know, they say take a little wounds, but this is going to be, you know, it's going to take a while and I'm glad that everyone supported him on his go-fun me because that's what is the last of the pills. On right now, or what? Is the go-fun me still alive? Yeah, I think he raised a lot of over 140 grand. I think they raised it already. But, you know, his hospital bills, I think, could be $200,000 at the end of the day. You know, so. So then what we'll do is when this episode goes live, the first link you're going to see on the bottom is the go-fun me to help support us to hands, so everything you've going to do. And obviously, like you are, ex-Muslimation have done throughout, you know, the time that we've had, I guess, go-fun me or any other online platforms to help support our brothers and iron. We know you have stepped up in the past. You will continue to do so, especially in the case of someone like Dusty Hanchall. Let's go to the questions. The first two questions, of course, from the day below experience at the first question, they've always switched compounds, even if progress is still climbing. Climb in seven weeks into the EQ on your pre-contest and great results last two weeks. Should he keep rolling or did you always switch at the eight week mark? You never want to really wait until your progress holds. If you catch it before that, you constantly keep making gains. The truth in matters, I don't really know, and I don't know if anyone really knows, per se, what goes on at the engine receptor, but just anecdotally, just empirically from what I've seen and what I've witnessed with myself, when you switch compounds of every eight, six to eight weeks, you seem to get an untove at an antibiotics, a methamet, testosterone, testosterone, your body uses, you know, makes testosterone. It knows what testosterone is, but I'm talking about when you switch the antibiotic ages, the deck or the equipoids in the master, whatever you're using out of a debol, your body seems to have a better reaction to it. It kind of gets shocked by the new compound and will continue to grow, and you don't get that stagnation or plateauing period. Can you stay on the same two compounds for six months straight and still make gains? Yeah, probably you can. But do we see better gains when you do switch the antibiotics? I think we do. I don't know if it's been quantifiable in terms of how much better, but I noticed that when I would switch compounds, I would get better gains. And that's why in the off season, because I was staying on for longer periods of time, I would stay on off of the more toxic compounds, and I would switch to the, you know, the long acting injectables, and I felt that that worked better. And I, and I, and I felt like I didn't need to really raise the dosages that much. Just keep keep the bodies, uh, and you do receptor guessing, because remember all these antigens, all these of antibiotics, buying to the antigen receptor, but it, in different configurations, because they're all shaped differently, these molecules. So sometimes, like, and like I said, I don't really understand how the receptor necessarily works, and I don't think it's that important to know exactly how it, or if anyone really knows exactly how these compounds buying, maybe Patrick Arnold would. But they definitely buying the little differently, and when they do that, they seem to have a more, they seem to have a better effect, put it that way. Second question, again, from the deep long-low experience, that's not a question where we're using T3, make it harder to keep that off once I'm no longer using. You know, uh, if you use a compound like Claimbuterol or thyroid hormone, like side of L T3, to lose fat, and you lose the fat, okay? And you go to a maintenance diet now, where when we talk about maintenance, maintenance, major, taking in enough food, nutrition, where you're not going to gain weight, and I'm going to lose weight, okay? Because you're basically taking just enough to sustain your body, okay? It doesn't matter if you stop the Claimbuterol, and not because you're not looking to burn fat. In other words, just because you stop Claimbuterol, doesn't mean you're going to get fat. That's why I tell people, people say, oh, I don't want to take Claimbuterol, I don't want to take T3, and I don't want it because I'm afraid after the diet's over, I'm going to rebound and gain all this weight back. Now, you're going to rebound and gain a ton of weight, fat weight, if you eat terribly, okay? And I see this all the time. I see people then and women after the show, some people go back, they get to a regiment of eating schedule again, and they're eating more food, obviously, but they're on a regiment of schedule. They're training, they're doing everything they're supposed to do, they're following the taper off program that I usually give them, and they look great. And I can see them six weeks being off drugs, and they still look amazing because they're eating well, they're training, they're doing it. And then I see other people after the show, they just go crazy, they eat everything inside, they take a month off into the gym, because they got to rest their bodies, and they're bodies go to shit because of that. And that has nothing to do with the rebound and go off the clambuterol inside of them. It has to do with the fact that you've given up your protocol of being regimented and getting your meals in and small quantities throughout the day, training. This body building is not a seasonal job. You know what I mean by that? It means like, you live in the north, and it snows during the winter, you might have a job of snow shoveling for a couple months. And then the summer comes and you're off, right? That doesn't happen to body building, there's no off period, okay? When you're off, and you go off through the reservation, so to speak, your body is going to decompensate, and you're not going to look as good. So you can't just say, okay, great. I just won my show. I'm going to go crazy now and party for two weeks, like two or two months, maybe more people do that for. So the answer to the question is now, you will not regain a ton of weight or rebound to a full-legged individual unless you do stuff that would warrant you doing that, you know? Let's go to the Instagram question again. If you're not already following this on Instagram, the handle is official underscore our ex muscle. If you're watching us to the first time on YouTube, hit the subscribe button below, hit the notification bell. If you're not going to miss any of our show segments or upcoming content uploads, as always, we appreciate your support. If you like what you're watching, hit the like button, comment below. Obviously, that's going to help us and as mentioned throughout the year, content season all seasonally, appreciate all the support that you give us in doing what it is that we do. I was going to make a miracle. Dave after recently being prescribed blood pressure meds and 49 years old, is it safe to go back on my TRT dose of 200mg of NN8 per week, or have you got any views on my pack back to TRT? I don't really see too many elevated blood pressures from just like an off-wormer in replacement dose at testosterone. So if you're on 100 200mg a week, I don't really notice that the blood pressures go, now what happens is a lot of times when guys going to HRT to hit, that's usually they're around there at 40, 45 years old, they go on HRT, and then they notice that blood pressures up when they go to the doctor. Well, the truth is that their blood pressure probably went up well before they started the HRT. Because when averages as we get older, our blood vessels lose the elasticity. And when they do that, they can't open and close as well and accommodate fluctuations in what the body would normally do. Not really if the body senses high blood pressure, it opens up the blood vessel walls and lets a little more volume go through it and lowers the pressure. So our bodies kind of lose that ability. But I think a lot of people don't realize it until they, and then they don't really go to the doctor, they don't really check. And then all of a sudden they want to go on HRT, the doctor's checking their blood pressures all the time, and they notice, hey, I'm a little high. Well, maybe it's from the HRT, usually it's not. It's usually not. So I wouldn't worry about it too much. These are good questions and a lot of these questions that I came from the day to let them experience it happen. If a lot of you don't know what that is, I have an app online, called the Day Plum Experience, you can subscribe to it for $29 a month. You have access to all the writings I've ever done, all my videos in one place. We put up a workout every single week. I answer everyone's questions on the app that they have, and I do it in a public forum on there so that everyone sees everyone's questions and everyone's answers. So you can kind of learn from that. And then once a week we do a special Q&A video. Like we're doing now except it's specifically for the app, extra information. I picked the best questions and I do that once a week. So it's a really good resource that you guys want to check it out. It's kind of like having a coach in your back pocket. And you can check that out at either the App Store or the iPhone Store or the Android Store. A lot of people have been asked me about it once again. It's a really good thing to keep your education going. It's kind of like a continuing education course. Good one here from relentless Luca. And I know there have been whispers conversations about a possible leap priest comeback. The question is who's winning in the comeback? Leapreased or Lila Brada? I think that leap priest I don't think we in the Brada is it is making any comebacks. But you know he he looks great. I saw some you know I see some everyone's what I put up some videos. He's rap on me. There was a picture of him in Hunter. They posted on Instagram. Yeah, maybe you can pull that up Tyler from what is it on Hunter's Instagram? It's actually on ours. I'm a reporter so you can pull it up our our our personal Instagram. Yeah, you know, Leap. I've seen Leap over the years and every couple years he puts up a bunch of pictures of himself and the guy is unbelievable. He's still ripped. He still has good physique. He doesn't look really as in the injuries. I don't think he has any inclination to come back. Obviously he's a lot older than Leapreased. I think that we will see Leapreased at some point in time. Up on that say look at that look at those legs. Leap. Leap is like me in the sense that he loves to take care of himself. He eats really well. He trains and you know, I wish I had time to train but his kids had grown up already. You know, so he has that time. He's not making any comeback anytime soon but I promise you that I think that Leapreased will be on stage. I don't think this year but I think we'll get to see him next year because I think his arm is feeling a lot better from the next surgery he had and I give him one more year. I think 2022 will see Leapreased compete at least one more time. Let's go to team band man 62. Dave the best gym atmosphere you've ever trained at. It goes on to say how he's trained, you know, at goals. When he was lost, Vegas, Jay had moved there, trained first first on the class of victory. So of the different venues, maybe some of the more prestigious venues that you've trained out loud to say the best bodybuilding atmosphere you've trained at. It's going to be a cut. This is a cultural thing to answer but it is true but the most hardcore place I've ever trained where the guys were the most focused on training that's really it was when I was in jail believe it or not and we trained outside there was a canopy over us and we trained either a 90-degree heat or it was freezing cold because I was there for six months it was like five months it was we I got both seasons and then those guys trained hardcore man I don't think anyone trained harder than that anywhere I've gone but in a conventional gym setting I would say that first of all nothing can inspire you more than goals gym that is back in the 90s. I mean that place was like even now it's still got great energy but back then there was so many superstars there. I mean if you couldn't get a good work out there and push your hardest there was something wrong with you. Having said that on a regular basis where I trained where I I thought the hardest core atmosphere always was with bad friends at Paris gym and that's just because there were so many good people there and even the regular guys who trained there all trained like they were and no one can most of them didn't compete but they all trained as they'll they were. So you couldn't just like went out and do a bad work at them because everyone's watching everyone in all times there so it that was on a regular basis that was a very motivating atmosphere. Now I've gone to gyms where I've had really hardcore workouts like sporadically throughout you know my all the Metro Flex gym I mean come on you can't you that that one's great I went to the Metro Flex out in where was it in Arizona was really really hardcore. I've been at mid-city gym and Manhattan downstairs in the basement. I mean that place legends Arnold used to train there. It's literally you walk down these steps you think you're going into into hell basically and there's these little rooms it looks like someone dug about with a shovel. Those ceilings are really low and epic they're super hardcore equipment all the guys are hardcore it's like it's a sweat it's like a sweat shop and there but you know what you get a great workout 19th Street gym and Manhattan was really great. I never was at Johnny Latsby I heard that was a very good gym too. I used to train to place Metro fit not Metro Flex Metro fit up in a pellen manner up in Westchester back in the 90s there was a enormous amount of bodybuilders who went through that to a Bob brush can used to go there and take pictures of people in that place. I actually worked there for a little while too. So there's been a lot I mean strong shapeally gym back in the day when Bob was in his heyday you know that was a great gym. Deer Park old gym was great. I really used to know all the good hardcore places that I went there but like on a regular basis where I train bed frances probably the best place if I lived in California obviously I would have been a gold vendingist because the energy there was electric too. Good I ain't the pro tough race. I got to mention also Tony Dardy's gym 247 in Melbourne super hardcore. I love that gym I really do. You got to get him on one of these days I know he's been posting a lot. I guess in Australia maybe even in the United Kingdom still very much a struggle for some of these gyms to stay open. The continued of their business so I know when you've been pushing very hard and obviously I had a lot of support to the body but in world so maybe want to check in with our friend over there in Australia. Let's go to I am the pro Chris bodybuilders used to use. Lacing a lot more than they do today. Why do you think that is more than the loop non-discount? Lacing is a very fast acting dioritic so a lot of guys would use that especially if they have a lot of water they want to dump real quickly. I think people are a little more educated today back then back then they just would go for whatever work strongly you know there's strong diorites. Now we know the science of what's going on and we know that like this passive sparing diorites like diaside or moe doretic these dioretics have the same ability to push water out of the body but they also are potassium sparing meaning that they you're not going to lose potassium. The problem with Lacing is or biomex or some of these domex is that you lose potassium and sodium so if you do cram or take too much it's hard to know what what electrolytes to put back should I add sodium back should I put acid actually I bolted them back so I think that there's a whenever you make things too complicated and if something goes wrong because I always think about what what problems could occur and because you have to when it's anticipate that otherwise you can run into trouble. Now you might do it 10 times and never have a problem and then the 11th time you're at the Mr. Limpid competition you went of cramping you don't know how to fix the problem so I think a lot of guys nowadays just realize the diaside is a better dioritic and they save the Lacing so if you mix or domex for like emergency situations where they're holding water at the last minute and they want to get rid of it very quickly because Lacing doesn't last that long your body but it works very fast which is sometimes not a good thing because you can sometimes dehydrate the muscle doing that so I think if you're going to do things on a slower you know situation in a slower manner which I think works better I like to use a diaside it's very reliable it pretty much gives you the same results every single time and once again if you take too much and you eat a little salt and you neutralize the problem. It's good at tipping our boil the complete list of factors that affect the ones maintenance calories and how much does hyper hypothyroidism really affect it? Can you say that again I haven't trouble hearing you a little bit? Yeah yeah no the complete list of factors that affects ones maintenance calories you got that part right? Yeah okay and then beyond that how much does hyper slash hypothyroidism really affected? I've said this the last couple weeks that we've had answered this question you know the thyroid hormone is kind of like you know necessary for your metabolic rate to work properly but basically what all it does is turn on the machinery in your body the machinery being the muscle cells the metabolic enzymes that metabolize things your body's genetic ability to oxidize fats and and do all that great stuff so if you have a lot of equipment okay that can can do a lot of fat burning a muscle building having enough thyroid hormone to turn that equipment on is necessary now if you overturn it on obviously you could burn a lot of extra calories up obviously but you also risk obviously losing some muscle if you don't have a turned on enough meaning a thyroid is too low hypothyroid then you have all the great equipment you can't use it all because it's not all turned on so that's why thyroid hormone you really want to get it into you know you want to get it into the normal range you don't want to go too too high you can go high normal but you don't want to go too too high because then you want to get you can risk you know having other negative ramifications sometimes harder than me is if you if you amp it up too quickly also if it's too slow or your thyroid hormone is too low you might not be getting the most out of your body but by and far thyroid hormone any of itself does not control how much fat you burn it just basically turns on your body's ability to do what it's supposed to do but how good you are burning fat or building muscle is really determined by muscle you know and what's going on in the net up at the enzymes in the muscle cells themselves and a lot of that genetic and a lot of that has been built because the more muscle you've built over the years the better your metabolism okay I believe that people who have done aerobic type or highly aerobic activities you know like running like I did or swimming or cycling early in their career might have changed their metabolic enzyme make up in the muscle cells as well because I think I became a better fat burner because I because of all the running I did but you know having said that you know you still need normal thyroid function now I was I was interested to find I went back and looked at all my thyroid hormone prior to my thyroid being removed and I never naturally had a very high T3 level I had no it was in the normal range but I was in the normal low and even now you know when I'm on replacement I'm in normal low but I feel totally normal so my body probably doesn't need super high thyroid output matter fact of I did I probably wouldn't be able to put any muscle on it would I would be running too fast you know so your body knows where it needs to be and and how can you tell where the right place to be is because of your TSA thyroid stimulating hormone levels are normal okay and the normal range then you know you're producing enough T3 so even though my T3 output is not high normal it's low normal my TSH is normal so that would that and even on in even on replacement therapy that means that my body my hypothernalm is to my brain says we got enough thyroid in this hormone in this body we're gonna keep TSH out put on the lower side now if my body sends that hey we don't have enough thyroid hormone to turn everything on I would my pituitary and hypothernalm is to put out more thyroid stimulating hormone to turn up thyroid function now because I don't have to thyroid I have to actually take more replacement but that doesn't seem to be the case so thyroid hormone is not the the dictator of how fast you metabolism it just turns on the machinery so to speak let's go to a stilatiousness when training to bring up a lagging side let the right we are told to do you need the unilateral movements but which side should we train first and do we do the same amount of reps so I guess in general if you want to answer that but what would your advice be to your clients who are looking to bring up lagging parts I always tell people when you're doing you know lateral movements you always do the week side first and you limit the amount that the the strong side could do by what the week side does so my left side's my week side and I do I do eight curls with my left arm even though I might be able to do 12 curls with my right arm I stop in eight because I want to keep my symmetry correct likewise and I have a lagging body part I might do a couple an extra set or two at the end of the workout just to give it a little more work if I think it's necessary when I squat I used to always my left leg was bigger than my right leg so I would always lean into my right leg or push my right leg consciously and didn't even pay attention to my left leg because I knew my left leg was going to unconsciously work anyway so I try to give more mind muscle connection to the week or side and say the with compound moments if you do if you do you know bench pressing you know because you don't want to do just dumbbells you want to use barbell presses and you know your right sides a little smaller then you might want to really just focus on pushing from the right side the left side is going to work anyway and it'll enable you to kind of get a better mind muscle connection to the week or side good a Leon 45 it through considering that it's easier to keep the muscle then to create it why do most body builders use more gear and higher dose of drink pre-contest than offseason I you know I don't know that's good question I you know offseason I try to keep the dosages to two compounds you know like two and a bottle like a testosterone and an anabolic and then maybe some growth home I don't ever use like three compounds very rarely maybe just in the beginning some of them might throw a few debolves to have something like that but I try to keep it to compounds because I find that your body can eat better because the limiting factor offseason a lot of times not the drugs it's the ability to get that food down if you're taking toxic compounds or or short acting you know injectables a lot of times they kill your appetite and if you can't eat you can't grow so now pre-contest appetite is never a problem right but you're just starving all the time so I don't mind using three compounds or four compounds pre-contest because I'm not worried about the appetite being destroyed and I'm not worried about receptor overload because at this point we're not growing we're just trying to maintain muscle give the body a hard look and I think that that's the that's the difference at least in my mind of why people use more drugs pre-contest versus offseason at least that's my rationale I don't know other people I think some people in their mind think that they can actually grow muscle while they're ready getting ready for a show if they take more drugs of course that's not the case because you're on a limited amount of resources because you're trying to deprive your body of what it needs a little bit a little bit right so you lose body fat every week and in doing so your body's first priority is not going to be the build muscle it's just trying to survive so to speak you're trying to maintain muscle while burning body fat so don't confuse the two processes or you're going to accomplish nothing essentially for a couple of more questions let's go to ADV Sherman Sorrows good one here I almost feel like and tell me if you want to do this the biggest myths relating to insulin and HCH you feel like that's a solid video already when I give a quick primer here well I think that people think that insulin builds muscle like like raw hormone does which it's really not the case I mean it indirectly builds muscle by driving nutrients into the muscle cells so they can be consumed but assuming you know your body has enough insulin you know taking exogenous insulin is not going to slowly make your bigger now if you're taking GH and your blood sugars are running high and you add insulin in whether it be a long acting initially or if you need a short acting it's some of your bigger meals you might grow better now because you're absorbing your food but it's not really the insulin that's building the muscle because insulin just pushes carbohydrates and amino acids to a certain degree into the cells it's not doesn't have a direct muscle building in fact like like IGF one would you take a shot of GHGH goes to liver release liver release is IGF one IGF one bind size if one receptors on damage muscle fibers and you get and you get a hyperplasia effect okay we know that that's a direct effect of you know of GH and IGF one insulin doesn't do that so I think a lot of people are confused by that fact that that insulin is you know a growth agent you know where it's not whereas growth hormone really does cause indirectly of course via IGF one it does cause muscle growth and so that's you gotta keep that in your brain last question anyway so anyway so it's so it's all about myths so we're talking about it so that that's a that's a big myth you know also I think it's a myth that the more GH you take the bigger in your gonna get because at some point remember GH just causes your liver to release IGF one some point your body just can't produce any more IGF one so you could take 20 I use GH it might be just as effective as taking eight I use a GH the only thing you're gonna get with with 20 I use GH is a lot more fluid retention so I think that's that's a big myth people think that the more you take the more you're gonna you know build muscle and and once again really what happens is you're just getting more side effects you take 20 I use a GH today IGF one is gonna run high and IGF guaranteed you're gonna hold the excess of fluid and I guarantee your fingers are gonna be non-molded time and you don't want that so remember it's all about balance that's taking an effective dose without overdoing it I feel like that would make a great episode of Guru talk with you and me Losh yeah that a great topic sure definitely alright final question from Manzo low my question is what would you do if you're on Logan came to you at 18 years old instead I'm going to start running gear would you coach in meaning make sure that he's doing everything the correct way or would you demand he not do a cycle even if you knew he would sneak around and do it anyway yeah you know it's one of these dilemmas of parenthood right you know your door to come some tells you she's pregnant right or somewhere your son wants to take steroids for you know there's a million different you know it's a tough situation you know and obviously the good thing is that I come from a background where I understand all this stuff and I know the right way to do things and the wrong way to do things so obviously I would hope he would come to me and tell me he wants to do it and if he's gonna do it at least let me supervise it you know what he means so that nothing gets done you know where he's gonna harm himself would I be happy about it now not in 18 you know but what I try to discourage him absolutely if I knew he wasn't gonna be discouraged and it was gonna happen anyway and he's not living under my roof or whatever and he's you know graduated from high school ready then I would at least try to you know guide him in the right direction I don't want my son to think that he has to go someplace else on the street to find out about things you know what I mean because then I wouldn't be a being a good parent you know at the same point I'm not going to say hey you know what my son is really good at football I bet if I put him on a little animal or a little you know a wind stroll he'll he'll he'll get a scholarship that would be on my part you know crazy you know so you got it you know if it's the other way around where my son's coming to me because he says I want to do this and how do I do it the right way that then I I can't turn my back on him you know obviously I would hope that that wouldn't I wouldn't have to have the conversation with him but you never know it could happen by daughter could come to me and say that and that's even a worse you know scenario in my head but you know you have to be a parent and if you're going to be a good parent I guess you have to at least give them the negative ramifications of it and then if they're going to if they really want to do it and they're of age where they can make that decision then I would obviously help them do it the right way you know that is going to do for this episode of as Dave we have a lot a lot of content right now on the channel we have yesterday's episode of after hours Monday as episode of heavy muscle radio we talked about classic physique dark horse and if anyone has a realistic shot of knocking a crisp bun set off the perch in the classic physique division a couple of rants from over the past weekend a lot of content right now again if you haven't already done so subscribe below hit the notification million not going to miss any of our shows segments or updates for Tyler short and day below I'm going to be for rookie we'll see you next time