Day Palomo here with a very special Independence Day thought Today's July 4th, 2018 and guys it is Independence Day that means I want you guys to declare independence from your life That's right. If you don't like your job If you're not happy in your relationship If you're bodybuilding and fitness goals and not going the way they want declare independence from them give it up And it now start over say hey, what do I really love to do? What makes me happy? What gives me pleasure? What makes me be a passion about what I do and then do it? Don't be afraid. Don't become a slave to the institution Remember the United States declared independence from the British we need to decide we weren't gonna find Answer their war machine. We weren't gonna give them money to help get them out of debt Okay, because we were Thousands and thousands of miles away. We're like we're gonna make our own life and that's what you guys have to do I know a lot of you guys are in jobs. You don't really love you want to be maybe coaches You want to be bodybuilders you want to be fitness stars you want to be social media You know experts you want to be youtubers Guess what do you love? Make today today you declare independence Okay from everything that you don't like to do I know it sounds radical. I know you're planning well maybe I'll do it in six months I'll do it in a year guess what you don't do it today you'll never do it and you know what you'll thank me because when you make that statement and you say to yourself This is the day I take control of my life Guess what everything changes because you know it's the old saying I love to quote Wayne dire When you change the way you look at things the things you look at change and that includes your life Your livelihood your job your profession your hobby if you want to call it It could become your profession. This is the day to do it. Okay, we're celebrating it We're blowing fireworks off Reat and food and barbecue and all the great stuff that the American population loves to do and you know what you don't have to be from America to do this You could be in the Middle East now you could be in China you could be in Australia declare independence from your life take control do you love that's my message for today Guys happy for the July and tomorrow is a new day a new dawn a new career