Old School Body Building Clothing Company. If it's been three and a half hours since you last ate protein, now you're starting to freak out, you are old school. If watching someone sit on a hammer machine for five minutes between sets playing with their phone, pisses you off, you are definitely old school. The first is www.bbc.com for the hardest training athletes. Day Palombo here with an RX muscle news update. There was a story that we broke the other day on after hours about a body builder, the Keating competitor, IFBB Pro, who was kicked off an airplane in Dallas, because they said she was dressed inappropriately. We kind of covered the story, the body builder was talking about the athlete, the Denise Saffronar. She was asked to actually leave the plane, she had to be rebuked on the plane. We were trying to debate what was going on and what possibly happened. We didn't really know the story, so we contacted Denise and we asked her to come on the show. We got her here today. Thank you for joining us, Denise. Thank you so much for the interview. It's my pleasure. It's interesting, because I hate when these big corporations quote their policies, but the policies are never enforced uniformly. They kind of target people. I really believe, and you're going to tell me the story. I really believe that you were personally picked out because you're a good-looking girl. If you were ugly, no one would have said a word to you. Because people were probably looking at you and probably commenting about, and there's probably a cup one or two people that were uptight about it and they probably complained and these airlines are so afraid in today's society about upsetting anyone that that's why they did that. Tell us the exact story. Obviously the story was that you addressed it and probably they got you off the airplane. We have the picture. What happened? Give us the whole order of events. Okay. So I will tell you exactly how it's happened. I was flying from Los Angeles to Miami and there was a layover flight, but it was just a 15 minutes between two flights. I was already late and I was trying to catch my flight and I was maybe one of the last four or five person. And then I didn't. So you weren't even sitting at the terminal. You actually just ran from one plane to the other basically. Definitely. I couldn't even stay one like more than a few minutes. And when I was walking to scanning to tickets and then somebody yelled me from behind. Ma'am, hey, hey, I cannot take you to plane because you are literally naked. And you know, did you tell them I just got off an airplane? Did they know that that you would just on an airplane? The same plane of the same airline? Yeah, yeah, basically I already fly flew from LAX to the dollars. It's the same clock. You know, like it's him airline. Right. The same ball. And this has never happened before. And I was in shock. I thought she's joking because I have a lot of fans around like a big big job. And then she started to become in rude and like more like talking to her. And then she's like, no, I can't take. I can't let you go into plane because you are literally so offensive and you are naked. And she's like, she told you again again, like you are naked. I'm like, I normally wouldn't react too much. But I've had so weird. I'm not. I love to get it. And this is not true. And I was, I had my brown crop top as like in the picture. Yeah. And then I said, okay, the legs. What she upset because it was like a little sea throw on top. I mean, that's the only I can see. It's not even sea throw. I just, I was a weird and grub because I'm coming to Miami and it's the weather is so hot. And to be honest with you, you don't, it's hard to read and roll. Right. All right. But she, she could have asked you, did you put the she asked you that maybe just put a shirt on over and you had a shirt and I don't know your way. That's exactly. And then there was somebody over there and then I literally covered my butt. And then somebody gave me the pink shirt and then I beard. But it's like short sleeve. But basically, I covered your boobs. So to speak. boobs, abs, bad everybody. And then. And then she said, no, I cannot let you go into plane. I'm like, I covered my body with straw with this. And then she's like, no, you can't. And then I didn't know what to do. I was trying to check to kids. I couldn't find any. Right. Yeah. You're lucky. I wasn't there because I would have gone nuts on this woman. Because once you put the clothing, all right, I understand, right, maybe they if someone complained, they were offended, whatever. You put the clothing on now you're covered. You're dressed. What, what wasn't appropriate at this point for you to get on an airplane? So that's the point, like, because I asked her if I'm naked, what would be good for flight. And then she said, there's a rule. And then I said, please show me your rule. What is the rule? And the rule was saying, you can't go into plane with the barefoot or very offensive clutch. But if this club was offensive, then how could I get from Los Angeles to that point with the same thing in my life in plot? My theory is that Turkey called them up and said, get her. She left us. Oh, yeah, I'm going to do that. I can't. It sounds like you were in Turkey. And they were like, say, put a thing on your head, you know? Yeah, that's the thing. I have like, flush. Like, it's like, I have like, I'm like, I'm like, no. It's not happening. You last talking for me, yeah, I'll press the now you're being oppressed again. It's crazy. And then I was trying to get a new ticket and then I couldn't figure anything. And then I asked them. And then they said, we already got you ticket. So basically, this, when I was lending to Dalas, it was HPM. Right. And then they bought me new tickets for the 5 AM. So I needed to wait almost 10 hours, right? Oh, my God. And then at that point, there was no any star open, which they already knew this. Sure. And so basically, they accept me to next flight, right? Right. That's why they bought me ticket. Right. With the same clothes, with the same clothes. Exactly. Yeah. Because they knew there was no point in playing. And then I actually tried my best. I even asked for the airport to blanket or something. Anyway, so in the morning, everything was all right. I was going to fly. And then nobody stopped me because of my clothes. Right. Same clothes. And then I'd same clothes by the way. Exactly. And then I scan my ticket. I was going to play. And then they stopped me after I scan my ticket. And then I said, what happened again? And then they said, we can't take you to the plane. We had argue. And then I said, you guys bought me this. You guys already knew that I can't change my clothes. You provide me this. Yeah. And then we had argue. And they said, we can't take you to the plane. You do whatever you need to do. We are not even going to buy you any ticket. You're going to figure your own. Wow. I didn't know that. And then I was like, you know, I couldn't believe it. And I was like, so upset because I said, you guys are not even going to buy me ticket. Like, this is how it is because it's, you can't believe this, right? And this is that. I'm on Baffle. I can't even believe I'm hearing this story. I mean, this is not. This is so much discrimination against you that I mean, you should have a wire. And you should be still in their asses off at this point. Yeah. This is what's going to happen. And then I was waiting, right? And then I was on the phone. And I was trying to get myself ticket. And then I had argued with them because I said, the first supervisor didn't take me plane because of my clothes. And then you guys bought me another ticket. And then you guys didn't take me to plane again. Right. But why did I return? I was there, right? What is the point of it? And then you didn't even stop me because of my clothes. You saw on the screen, there was a knot from the first supervisor. Absolutely. That's what it was. If my clothes was offensive or bad for the families, you would stop me. That's what I told you. And then she's like, she couldn't answer it. I made a video. She couldn't answer. I was on the live stream on the Instagram. Oh, you were absolutely delighted. She missed that. And then. And then, while this happening, I was trying to get my staff in the near ticket. And then somebody, the manager come. And then, she said, OK, we're going to get you ticket. But you need to cover your buddy with this blanket. Can you imagine that? What? Like. You should have said, should I put something off my head, too? So you can't see my face. I mean, I. I put the old blanket on my lower body. I covered all my lower body. And another one is my bag. And then when I go to play, and I put it on me. And that's great. It was only condition that I can't fly to Miami. You know what? I hate to say this. And if you are an African American woman, they never ever would have done this. Because they would have been afraid that they would have had the lawsuits would have been common because of racial. Because of racist policies. But because you were a middle Eastern woman, now that, they're taking, and they think they can get away with it. This is this is BS. The fact that you were able, you had a jacket on. You were covered up after they asked you to do what you needed to do. That's really, I mean, I really feel for you. Because you know what? It's disgusting when I see stuff like this. This is the one thing that you did. I'm embarrassed almost to be an American when I see them doing stuff like that to people. Because they never would have done this. They did it purposely to you. And it's gross. I think it's a trauma, you know, because I run away from this. Oh, my life. Yeah. You know, even when I was competing in Turkey, it's like, I don't want to go so deep into this, but it is trauma. I want to hear that. Proma. Yeah, I want to hear what was it like? I mean, how did you first get involved with even competing in Turkey? You know, well, I was so skinny and I was so insecure because my family become separated and I was only child. And I started boxing and then I become so skinny. And then I saw one day the bikini Olympia champion picture. Uh-huh. And then the Ashley, you know, the Essee Cart Walser. Wow. And then I wanted to be like her. And then we compete in same stage eight years later. That's awesome. That is awesome. Yeah. That was what was in my view. I don't think any of our fans or myself has any idea. Like in Turkey, you know, what's the, what's the policy? You can't just walk, can you walk around the street like this? And there is no certain law. Right. And but there is really huge social prejudice on Roma. Because at last times, I almost become so scared on the walk in the street. Yeah. It's, there is not not like, if you go there is a man, you don't, you're not going to feel anything. Right. But when you're a woman and try to leave over there, it's, it's really frustrating for me. Because at last time, I couldn't even go to World Championship. Wow. Because, and I, I keep thought from the gyms because I wear gym sharp. Right. And it's, it's a lot of things. And I can't, I don't even want to remember, you know, it's, it's a trauma. I was trying to get over it. And this happened here. I'm like, God must be testing me, you know. Yeah. No, he is. He is. But you know, you're very strong. You know what, the, the, the things that you've overcome. Because people cannot even begin to understand, you know, I went to, I went to Dubai, which is a very liberal, you know, you know, middle Eastern country back in the 90s. And I went with the, with the bodybuilder by name, a war bass who was, similarly, a very pretty girl looked like you a little bit too. And may she rest in peace, she's not with us anymore. But she was there. And we went to the gym. It was her and it was all these male bodybuilders, Milo Sarsav, myself. They took us to the gym and they wouldn't let her work out. They said, oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. And this is Dubai. And that's, and they're pretty liberal there. They would not let her in the gym. She could not train. And she's like, what are you talking about? And that, that's when it hit me. Because like you said, I'm a man. So I was treated with like as royalty there because I was this big bodybuilder guy. And here she is, she was a pro bodybuilder. I wasn't even a pro. And she was being treated like a piece of trash almost there. And so I completely can relate to what you're going through. And I don't think anyone else understands. And I'm assuming that's why you left Turkey, correct? Definitely this. Let me tell you this. I, the all I wanted to do in home my update life. I just being in the gym and train hard as much as I can and compete. It was my only passion. And even though I was representing Turkey, and I couldn't get any support. I could, I had to do everything by myself. But put everything aside, I just wanted to be atleast. You know, and I could it like I was sometimes I was training. And then I kicked out from the gym and then because they told me like, here is not here is not a national atleast camp or something. I represent your, your country, right? And I'm your best athlete in this. There are many things like this and I can't, I can't, I mean, I don't, it's really hard. Yeah, Denise, believe me, I'd rather you represent us. We would be proud to have someone like you who looks like you with a great physique and beautiful face, representing the United States. There are more ons for losing you, believe me. And you know, and you're road to getting your pro car here was not easy either because, you know, originally, you know, in Europe, you had to compete with this, the other organization when the, when the I-VV split. And you had to come back here and then you got your pro car at the nationals this past year, which is, I mean, and that just tells you how good you are and how, you know, single minded you are at being able to, you know, achieve your goals. What was it like to win the nationals and to get your pro car in the United States? It was amazing because before this, you know, all my competitions, I became more than, I became second place more than 15 times, I guess. Oh, my god. And I was like, at the beginning, like, one, like the five, seven, ten, I'm like, it's okay. I love competing. It's my passion. And then I started to feel bad because I felt so full every time I become second, second, second. I'm like, I'm living this Federation, you know, I'm not going to compete there. And then I competed here and then I get my first place, which it was, I literally brought the curse. Yeah. And this, this why I'm here, you know, like, because I can't truly be myself. And I can't do me, you know, like, I can't be 100% who am I with all, with all freedom. So if I can't, I knew if I can be myself, I can be more successful, which, what happened, this was what happened in the United States and that's how I win the show, which it was amazing. It's the best moment on my right. I mean, and, you know, look, this, we have good bikini pros in this country, but you know what? I'm looking at your pictures on your Instagram. You got a million followers. You got 55,000 likes on a picture. That's incorrect. I mean, you realize the scope of people that you reach? It's a, it's, it's, it's so nice. And it's like, because it, that's my goal, actually. I wanted to show all the people, my story, because I was really struggling so hard and, and I get no sport and it was really hard. But eventually, I could be brave enough to move from Turkey here. I'm really appreciated the really good people they have me, that's how I could make it. And I finally, I started to get results of my hard work here, because my hard work was, my consensus here. Right. Yeah. Well, you know, it's, you know, it's, it's, I feel bad that you had to go through this because, you know, I know I want to go through this discrimination, you know, like, especially coming from Turkey. And it's like, it's like, you have like, you said, bad flashback, but you look phenomenal. And, you know what? I think this is just going to make you that much more popular, and maybe the big guy upstairs said, Hey, you know what? We need to shed some spotlight on this woman. And you got it. And, you know what? I really, I'm excited to see you compete. You have plans to get on stage this year. I'm not sure about this year because I've been competing for so long, not stopped. Right. Almost 30 competitions in eight years. Oh wow. And next year, I want to focus better, and I should do better, because now it's better for me to live with Shildana and enjoy my work, with our stress. Right. Where are you, you're living in LA now? Excuse me. Are you living in LA now? Oh yeah. Yeah. Where do you train over there? Well, I go a lot of gyms because I do make content, but when I was competing, I was going to Teams that I growd in gym, and or sometimes I train in a kinox, cost fitness. Yeah. Yeah, very, you have a head down. Is that a skulls even open? I don't even have to even open. Oh yeah, it's, it's been too long. I haven't been there because of the pandemic. I wanted to go there when they came in. People don't realize the traffic is so bad over there. Like no one wants to drive around, like going from LA to Dennis is like, you know, that can take you three hours if you go the wrong time of the day. It's, it's so, it's especially now traffic getting worse, and no same thing. Well, I want to just thank you for joining us today, telling us the real story of what happened. And like I said, I really hope you sued the airlines, and I hope you get a big settlement, because you know what, shame on them for what they did to you. Yeah, I will do it. I'm talking to my lawyer now. So I'm about to go back to Los Angeles. We're going to figure things out. All right, well, thank you, Denise. You look great. Thank you so much for the help. No, this is awesome. I'm glad I wanted people to know the real story. I didn't really know the real story, and I'm glad you, you agreed to do this. And like I said, I, I hope to see you maybe on an Arnold classic stage in 2022. Okay, okay, thank you so much. All right, guys, that's going to take us to the end of this episode. I'm Dave Palombo with another Rx muscle. News update.