I'm going to be launching the tasty pastry for the low carb hot tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary food muscle in the morning on day polomba. Today is Tuesday, August 10th, 2021. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Everyone's in a while. I catch myself saying old man things to my kids. They care for what you ask for because you just might get it. Which always makes me cringe right after I do it. But even if it does make me feel old, it doesn't make it any less true. And I say that because I've seen a lot of athletes posting online stuff saying, well, bring it on. I'm ready for the Olympia, which is fine as long as you know they're bringing on the Olympia. It also means of bringing on a hotny chupin. And once you get the full hotny, all of the sudden you realize that you're well in deep water. And then before you know what you're drowning, hotny's been picking up steam like some time to tsunami. Ready to wipe out everything it touches on the shoreline. And once that wave touches down a few weeks from now, I hope everyone realizes that they're getting exactly what they ask for. You guys ago, someone brought to my attention the fact that we haven't covered a lot of men's or women's physique action lately. So that's exactly what we're going to do with these next two segments. Starting with this update from your 2019 Olympia champ, Ray Edmunds. Way back at the beginning of the season. We saw Ray come out and look great in his second place finish behind Kyron Holden at the Pittsburgh pro. And from what I've heard after he wrapped up that weekend, raised pretty much Ben all gas and no breaks trying to get himself ready to make a serious run at winning the title back this fall. We all know that when Ray is at the top of his game, that he's one of the one or two or three best athletes in the division. So if he dots all his eyes and crosses all those teas, you can bet your butt that he'll be given Brandon Hendrickson. Oh, he can handle. On the women's physique side of things, as far as the Olympia is concerned, I think the big question on everyone's mind here is whether or not we're going to see Sarah Valegas repeat as champion throughout our career. Sarah has always been one of those athletes who we don't hear or see much of, which he's not on stage. Now, said to that little back and forth, she had with Shini Kran a few months ago, well, that's pretty much been the case this year too. But that being said, one of the other things that we know about Sarah is that she always shows up at delivers. Pound for Pound, she's probably the most consistent athlete in the division in terms of her conditioning over the last few years. And that's on top of the fact that she's always comes back to the stage having improved her weaknesses, which is what makes her really dangerous. And if she just keeps being the same athlete that she's been for the last few years, I think it's a tall order for anyone else to knock her off the throne. By now, I'm sure you've probably all seen the update photo of Big Rami that had everyone up in arms last week. But in case you haven't seen it, we covered it on one of our shows last week and we shared it on our Instagram. So you can go check it out there. But for now, I want to give you guys an update on what Big Rami's coach Danish James thinks about where the rating Olympia champ is right now. And in the words of DJ, Winther is coming, Winther is here and Winther is here to stay. Last week, DJ went on the record to say that he and Rami would be getting together to train again soon and finish what they started and keep the Olympia trophy right there where it is in Egypt. And considering what happened when these two got together last year, if DJ is saying that he'll be even better this time around, year two of Rami's reign over the bodybuilding world, might end up being his story. And that does it for yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning on Daypalombo reminding you to always be true to your passions and they should have followed us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Thank you.