After working hard at the gym, you need a mattress that works as hard as you do. Spinaline has engineered the perfect mattress for you and your active lifestyle. Don't compromise your recovery with inferior sleep or to your spinaline mattress today. After working hard at the gym, you need a mattress that works as hard as you do. Spinaline has engineered the perfect mattress for you and your active lifestyle. Don't compromise your recovery with inferior sleep or to your spinaline mattress today. Spinaline has engineered the perfect mattress for you and your active lifestyle. Don't compromise your recovery with inferior sleep or to your spinaline mattress today. The rush begins once pre-workout vape. I'm Dave Polumbau, founder of Spices Nutrition. I created Spices Nutrition with one mission in mind to provide bodybuilders and serious athletes with no nonsensoplements that work and are backed by science. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body and that lives on in the Spices Nutrition line of products. We use only top of the line formulations, toast for maximum results and the best flavoring systems available. I put my name and reputation on every bottle of Spices Nutrition products. If you want to be your absolute best, join the evolution. Welcome back to live with brought to you by Spices Nutrition on Dave Polumbau. And today's guest is a special one. He's our 2020 IMB Tampa Pro Classic Physique, men's champion, John Tray Campbell, welcome to the show. Thanks for having me. Congratulations on that big win, man. That was a tough fight. That was a battle you guys had up there. Yeah, it was. I kind of knew that it would be once you know you received the guys backstage and definitely wasn't easy, but I'm happy that it wasn't easy at all. Yeah, yeah. Now you turned pro two years ago to North American, but embody building. Yeah, yeah, certainly like anyway, what made you decide to do men's physique? I mean to do classes in Tuesday. Yeah, so I wanted to, I knew I had, I could be competitive, but I wanted to also make it to the Olympia. We kind of talked my caution. I talked back and forth and said we can fit down to Classic. Definitely with our build and eventually get to them, Libya. By the way, and that's what we did, right? So we did our first pro show and clearly it was a good change and categories. Now why did you wait there so long before you actually got under pro stage? Because a lot of guys like nowadays it's like boom, damn boom right on to the pro stage, you know? Yeah, yeah, but first of all, what's up with family math? So we had my daughter, my wife was actually pregnant at North American's. Oh wow. Yeah, so that's very tough while she's eating pizza. I'm always there. I'm just looking at her like why are you doing this to me? Yeah, yeah. So yeah, we had our baby, Eliana, not too long after that. So I wanted to take a break. So my family had been eventually my culture saying hey, we need to step on stage. We need to step on stage. So eventually, you know, we went back to it and clearly it was a smart move. Yeah, yeah, it's amazing that you can make the, you know, what you cut off for Classic now, like 205, some of that. Classic is cut off as 127 for my height. That's, that's going to be tough for you to suck down into that way category. Yeah, yeah, it can get tough and growing, but that's what this sport is about. Yeah, here's the top five call out from Tampa where you beat the divine Wilson. And like, you know, in a bunch of these other guys in this top five, everyone was really good. I actually was very impressed with the with the Tampa Pro Classic lineup. You know, there wasn't a lot of name guys. I mean, divine honestly people kind of knew who he was, but the quality was good. And so when you got up there and you have backstage and you're looking these guys over. Because you know, I don't, I don't buy into it. I know everyone looks at each other over. Did you think, hey, I got a chance to win this, I mean, Chris Hunt obviously had won a pro show a couple weeks earlier. And divine obviously has been up there before as well. Were you, did you think you had a shot at this thing? I was getting into my head to be honest. I would check out the other guys and look at myself and just think like, man, I know I, I'm, I'm gifted. I can brought a great package, but look at these guys. And it wasn't until I started seeing the pictures after pre judging, so I'm my confidence starting getting going up there. And I'm just like, okay, yeah, I'm going to be one or two at this show. Not like I said, everybody brought it. But I knew that my package that we brought was worthy of one or two. Absolutely. I mean, this Frank double by suppose I love it. I mean, this is this is a great front double. I mean, that's pretty hard to beat in the whole division. I mean, I think you, you can stand next to, you know, any of those guys, Chris Bumstedt, you know, with that pretty unannually, you know, I think that these guys can, are going to be a little worried when they see this shot of next in the month stage here. Yeah, I appreciate that, you know, it's definitely, uh, hard work that we put in and nothing, wrong with, I mean, Chris in, uh, Brandon, they have some great physics, but I'm ready to come for that top spot. Now is this it for that you're going to shut it down until the Olympia or you're going to be hit another one. We were, we were planning for a show, but we are going to shut it down and prove on what the judges told us to improve one. So we can be, you know, take top five at least at our first Olympian Olympic show. So yeah, we're going to shut it down focus on the Olympia. You know, what we do. I don't know if you're typing over there and not, but I can hear it. So just kind of like, don't type. I get y'all that because I type, but I got a full stuff up, but let's go to one of the show people you're your Instagram for second because you got a great nickname, holy hoax. Yeah, and I've been saying it all my wrap up show that I love the nickname. What, where did that come from? I have a friend that I've kind of ran into online and we're in this mainstream group. And he would always say, man, you're like the holy hoax. You're like the holy hoax. I don't see anybody who likes to do like just out here doing what you do and you're like the holy hoax in. I just ran with it, you know, I just attached to me and I think it's going to continue to go with me for the rest of my life. And I need to reach out to him and take them. So yeah, absolutely. That was a good nickname. You know, it's hard to get a good nickname in our sport. But that's great. And he's getting involved in religion and, you know, the little kind of preaching stuff you're doing. My faith. It's kind of long story. I mean, maybe I will share that some other time. But I went down a wild road. And I went into military and met this young guy who. I just kind of looked up to because he, I say, young because I went a little bit later. And I'm there with 18 or old 20 year old. Sure. I was going to about his faith in he had a Bible and I was interested. And, you know, we started talking and he really shared me share this faith. And in the military, we didn't really have anything to do. But it's read. So I started to pick him for the Bible and they just started, you know, leading me to Christ. And yeah, it's interesting. I've just been on this road of, you know, him giving God glory through, you know, every platform I can. And I think if I'm lucky to be on this big platform and get him going, what I do. Sure. And do you notice that when you found God that like it really changed the direction of your life? Oh, big time. Bodybuilding in it. You know, vice versa with my faith. How strict you have to be. It helps both areas of my life. So definitely with my faith. It has helped me be more strict and bodybuilding as well. And those were around myself with too. So yeah, those both hand in hand kind of like help each other. It's interesting. So the house strict, you have to be in, you know, society or you can't be just out party and you know, you can help lead somebody else to Christ who is struggling with party and or whatever. So yeah, right. Have you, have you helped other bodybuilders? You know, I hold it put the water bottle down. You're a might know because you're a microphone is really sensitive. And I, I pick it up like over a little cranky bullseye. So I want people to, he this is very important. That people want people to hear this, you know, really clearly. And I think it's important that people understand that people, look, we hear about suicide. We hear about people who have just lost faith. And what do you tell someone who's like down there, look like that. I know. It's tough because there are certain things that I don't struggle with when it comes to the pressure and stuff like that. But I do try to search scripture because everything in scripture can relate back to what you're struggling with and live. And to answer your question, I've had many people reach out to me and thank me for sharing words or sharing, you know, my testimony and stuff like that. But depression is real and I found that going back to scripture and sharing Christ with them and praying about it, ultimately, before I talk to them, has led me to help others with whether depression and whatever they're really struggling with. I'm not going to say I'm out here saving every single life out here, but I do share my faith with the best of my ability. I'm a little jealous. I love that story they gave you in Tampa, though. Yeah, you see how I'm holding it? Yeah, yeah, yeah, it looks like a cross. The funny thing is that how to heck, did you get that thing back on the airplane? Well, what's funny is I didn't fly. Oh, you drove. You're smart. You're very smart. We're not going to get COVID because that's true. Yeah, yeah, that's my wife and I, we actually drove and we did a little vacation out of it and sightseeing on the way back to Indiana. So we stopped in Nashville and I had dinner and stuff like that. So it was pretty awesome to share that with my wife, you know, traveling. That's great. And if anyone bugs you, you could just pull the sword out on it. Yeah, exactly. I thought about that. And what's funny is my first show that I ever won. It gave me like four swords for every show I'm getting all these swords. Oh, that's actually pulled that out real quick. That seems to be the new thing. Yes, sirs. When I was coming up on the scene, there was only one show that gave away a sword. It was the X caliber shell and a cow pointed, which of course, X caliber is a sword. I was always jealous that I never, I never want to sword nowadays. It seems like a lot of shows and noise swords. But it is a pain in the neck that you have to feel it. I'm glad we drove. Yeah. Anyway, well, you know, I want to just congratulate you, D'Ontre and the big win. And obviously, good luck at the Olympia way that this year. I think that your tremendous potential to do really well. I appreciate you having me on today. Okay, guys, that's going to take us to the end of another episode of live with Brought to you by species nutrition. I'm Dave Palombo for D'Ontre Campbell. We'll see you next time.