Yunsh Paragu, celebrate for the Worlds! Magnificent and Modest version of Patreon Our Million faces, Welcome back to our X-Muscles Iron Road to the Olympia 2018 brought to you by RedCon1. On the Palombo and today's guest is one of the most talked about men in the 2012 division The pictures updates we've been seeing from him circulating on Instagram have been nothing less than spectacular. Guy I'm talking about is Derek Lundsford. Welcome. Hey Vince for having me Dave, I really appreciate it. No, it's great. Hey you're from Indiana originally is that correct? Yep, I moved on here in Tampa and May. Yeah, so you came in and adjusted train over there with Ben Pocoski at the gym, huh? Yep, that was the main purpose, but you know my heart's always been in Florida and I love the warm weather. So I'm probably going to make an apartment move especially as well as the train is going and stuff, you know? What was it like growing up in Indiana as a kid? Was it, were you like a farm boy? Yeah, that's probably what made me a bodybuilder man. There's nothing else to do but besides you have to make your own farm, you know? Like it's cornfields, woods, like you'll hunt an in fishing, that's about it. So I took a liking to sports, you know, and that was something I could be driven for every day to like, you know, I was always driven to better myself and something and I took a liking to sports and there was one small little gym in our town and found love with it. Yeah, you would think to coming out of there you'd be like into, you'd be playing NFL football but the iron bug bit you and when the iron bug bites you there's no friend anything else recently. Yeah, I was at rest of where. I was a, I went to college as a small 141 power wrestler in my coach said, wow, I should have been a 133. That's crazy. And then I turned a bodybuilder man. Yeah, and we talked last year when we interviewed you, when you won that USA, you had that stellar run when you won tamper and then you placed top five with the Olympia. I mean, that was probably the dream season of dream season, huh? Yeah, for sure. I mean, I didn't know what to be most proud of. Obviously, the USA title, you know, Mr USA, I carry that around wherever I go. You know, I mean, of course, my pro debut win right after that, I was so proud of. Placing top five with Olympia is a huge accomplishment and especially rookie of the year. That's a one shot deal too. So I had a lot of things going from the last year for sure. But, you know, once I got to the Olympia last year and did place top five and stood next to those guys, that's when it really hit home, like, all right, now it's time that we really get serious about this. But I mean, not that I wasn't serious before, but this is this is there's potential here and we're going to go for it. And you know, you mentioned something very, that you never even thought about. You know, your whole USA title, Mr USA, over the champion of NPSU, it kind of got completely lost people forgot about it because you, you were clipsed so quickly with the win in Tampa that everyone just didn't stop talking about it. And you're almost took away the enjoyment of it. But in the sense who cares because you're now you're on the Olympia stage. Right? It's so funny that you say that because in the body building world, that guy forgot about all sort of, I mean, he's still people say, oh, Mr USA, he gave us my Instagram name and everything. But it's funny when I talk to people that are outside of body, but don't really know what body what it is. I'm like, yeah, I won Mr USA and then, oh my god, you're Mr USA and they flip out when I say, yeah, I placed the Olympia and they said, oh, okay, they don't really, they didn't like, they would just avoid it almost. Like, oh, yeah, that's sorry that you only placed fifth to the Olympia. Yeah, they're like, okay, that's cool and I'm like, but that's a way, you know what I mean? That's, that's B pinnacle. But they, you know, so I don't know, I guess one here, that's why I'm so appreciative of both, you know, I don't, I'm happy for everything happened. Anyway, I talked to, when I was talking about Ben Pekalska, I don't remember if it was when I did his interview for on his podcast, we were talking about you and he was just like so impressed with the way you looked and that, you know, and I know Ben, Ben doesn't get excited about too many people. So, and I hadn't really seen pictures of you yet and then obviously you started releasing these pictures prior to the Olympia and people just going insane over them. Are you shocked, as you, are you shocked as everyone else at the, at the leaps and bounds that you've made over these last two, three years in development? Um, looking back, knowing what I know about bodybuilding and how it, it's a process and it takes time. Yes, I'm very surprised. But to be honest with you, I was so ignorant coming into bodybuilding that I just thought, you know, it's true, the more you put into something than where you're going to get out. Like I've actually said, I don't know if I've ever said this public before, but I'm going to say it now. I said back in 2014 before I first competed in 2015, mind you, I was a Walter when you were roughly 150, some pounds. I said I would be at the Olympia by 2018. So I don't know, I was just ignorant and just very ambitious and said I'm going to get him out of life to this. But looking back, I'm like, whoa, like that much muscle, that quick, I don't know, I did just three hundred and sixty five days here, twenty four seven, I'm a bodybuilding, you know, I never stop, never, never, that's just who I am. That's my, that's my lifestyle man. I love it. So what do you weigh now? Right now, oh, today my weight dropped big time. I've been hanging around two, twenty, two, night, teen was my lowest this morning. I got down at two, sixteen. So we're, we're feeding up for tomorrow's life workout. The pictures that we saw on your, that have been released recently, some of these crazy back shots and I mean like that, what were you weighing in those pictures? Like, two, like, two, twenty, and each, two, twenty, two, twenty, two, but a lot of those were, well, the pants, most of those are after training. So I'll be right by two, twenty, five. Right. The reason I ask you that, and I'm setting you up is because the Olympia obviously could take place in a couple weeks, and then you're going to go back to training and growing again, like you did this pair here. Right. And the amount of gains that you've been making over the last couple years, I can't see you making the two, twelve class next year. I mean, would be this be something you'd hold yourself back for or would you allow your body to grow and go into that open class? Absolutely not. I'm not going to hold myself back from progressing. I think people like seeing my progress more than anything. Now here's the thing, Dave, is that there's a great opportunity for me in the two, twelve division, I know this, or I believe it anyway. But yeah, I'm not trying, if my body takes off like it has been the last couple years, I'm just going to let it do what it wants to do. I'm not trying to force it one way or another. You know, we're not pushing hard in the offseason and anything. We're just like, I'm just eat sweet train. So if my body takes off and it goes up to 260 or 270s to this offseason, which is probably what it's going to do, then yeah, I probably won't be coming back down in 2012. But if it hangs around that 250 mark or just over, then yeah, I might suck down in the two, twelve again, who knows? But I'm not forced to make anything one way or the other. I'm just letting my body go in progress, you know, do what it does to your ear, show the show. Which is great, because you want to be the best body builder you can be. And I think sometimes a lot of these guys hold themselves back and then they regret it later and then they try to start, you know, gearing or pushing towards the open and maybe they've lost some key years of growth, you know. Exactly. A lot of guys like wanting to do that, they go back and do the classic physique or whatever, you know, props to them, like that's their career. But I think that they're missing an opportunity to, you know, make, you know, build muscle tissue and make progress. Now, people are talking about you being a challenge to flex Lewis this year. Who obviously would be competing in his last two, twelve Olympia from the announcement he'd made. When you hear stuff like that, is that like get you, like get you excited in something like that? Do you feel that there's a reality that you can beat him at this show? Obviously we know flex, flex has a lot of trouble making that weight and he has to bring his, when he brings his weight down, sometimes he, he brings his physique down a little bit with it. Let me first say this, flex Lewis is an amazing body builder. That goes about being said. I mean, he is the greatest, two, twelve bodybuilder of all time. But I'm here to challenge him, you know, and I believe that I can and I will and yes, I 100% will you? I'm running the Olympia this year. There's no question about that. I mean, the top guys at the Olympia, anyone at the Olympia should feel that way. You know, I hear a lot of bodybuilder and it's good to have goals, you know, like realistic goals of, ah, place top five or place top six. But I'm here to win man and I know there's a lot of people that's like, well, he's you know, I'm there's whatever, but no, I'm here to prove that you don't have to pay your dues, you know, if you are the best bodybuilder on stage, you know, you'll come out ahead man and the thing is is when those are draw, I'm going to be gracious and I can promise you that and because I do respect all these guys and it's not just legs, but Jose David and Ma, you know, Ricardo, you know, Shankurita, all these guys man, they're incredible bodybuilders and probably even better people. So I never want to disrespect these guys or I don't intentionally because I like them for who they are, you know, as people. But the end of the day, you want to beat them with that, with the Olympian. Oh, I want to look at them. So yeah, there's no question about that. Like I'm coming to win and I expect nothing but to be the best on the stage, come September. What, what have you learned since you moved out to a tamper and you've been training over there at the MI 40 gym? I mean, what, what has changed about you training anything or is it just that it's more intense, you know. Man, the training is 100% 100-8 degree different and I was training like a city before I feel like now I'm really training smart and I'm training hard, but I'm being pushed by the best, you know. And another thing that people don't talk about a lot about prep, but it's so crucial is the mindset, man, like, you know, been and our friend Danny Vega who's going to change with this every day. Right. There are guys Quincy Weakler was in here last week and stuff. You know, some guys are attending in now. These guys are keeping my mind positive and they're not just going to smoke up my butt. I mean, they'll give me credit when it's due. But honestly, the, I've been as the most critical on me that I've ever had, which is great but every time I, every time we walk in the morning, we train at 7 a.m. big smiles on their face, shake hands, talk for 15 minutes, you know, get this good atmosphere going and then it's just the whole rest of my day is just positive and good, man, you know. And so if I see something like negative online, I scroll through it. It's like it doesn't even affect me. Right. What do you do? You go in the morning, you train at 7 a.m. Yeah, I'm sure you're probably done by 830, you know, what do you do the whole day? What do you do the rest of the day? What's the typical day like few days? I usually get back at 10 30. Yeah. No, our work, I'll go to a fly like 10. Oh, yeah. Yeah. So it's pretty intense training, but a, easily trained man, I come home, I post work out me a land and I lay down and rest immediately. So back to the recovery, get my, you know, nervous system calm down, everything. And then, you know, I definitely have another cardio session every day in the evening. But I, you know, I find things to do. Like I have a nice apartment here that has a nice pool all throughout. And I was just out there for like an hour. I just, I don't really try to do a whole lot to be honest with you. I'm just, I'm just like a monk body motor man. I've always been that way. Eat sleep, train, eat sleep, train. And I'm okay with that. I like that, you know, because it's just a few weeks of the year. And then after that, I get enjoy a vacation the rest of the year. Yeah. You know, something, I was just talking with Zane Watson and a few other guys. And they were saying the same thing the last four weeks. And I, and I, I can attest to this two when I was competing. It's like you just want the days to pass as quickly as possible because it's just not comfortable. And you know, you, you're, you're on the right track, but it's like it's, it's, it's the whole process is nerve-wracking out because you're down to really low body fat. You want to get it over with. And I think sometimes, if you can reduce the stress in your life during that time period, it tends to allow you to get through it a little bit better. Right, right. My girlfriend, she's going to grad school in Indiana, but she was down for the last two weeks along with my coach, James Brown. So like that was a huge stress relief. And like just a positive boost to, um, made a push last two weeks. I don't know, just this, this whole prep, I've said, um, it has been the physically, the hardest prep without a doubt. I've pushed myself harder than I ever have, but mentally, I've been, like, most positive and it's been the best. So it's been the easiest with the hardest prep I've ever had. Well, you look great. The pictures are outrageous. We've been seeing coming out of your camp there. And I have to believe that, you know, you're going to certainly be a very dangerous guy up on that two, 12 Olympia stage. And I'm sure Flex Lewis is taking note. And I'm sure some of these other top guys that beat you last year are probably taking note now. And, you know, you're adding a level of excitement to the two 12 division that maybe just wasn't there yet last year. This is a man. I love that. And I, I believe that, but here's a deal man, everybody did two 12's coming. Seriously, it's exciting man because there's no one, one little slip man and you're the back of the pack. And that's what anyone, because all these guys, I see them working their butts off day and day out. And I'm not scrolling through their feeds, but when they pop up online, you know, I see that they're getting it. And I love it man because what we need is this. We need an ambassador to sport, which I believe we have, that builds people up. That's been Flex Lewis the last six years. That's what I want to be. I want all of us, because one person is not going to build a community of people. Okay. It takes everyone. It takes all the pro athletes together to come together to build this industry up. And it starts to taught me. And I want to be that ambassador to sport that that brings us together and build each other up. Man, like I said, in the day when it comes to Olympia, I want to whip everybody. I want that title. But at the same time, let's do this together. It takes all of us to come together. There needs to be no hurt feelings or anything. We're all bringing it. We're all bringing our best. Nobody can be here fault for that man. So, oh, good luck with the rest of your prep. And we'll see you in Vegas there. Thank you Dave for having me appreciated. Sure. And that's going to take us to the end of another episode of RX Muscles Iron Road to the Olympia 2018. Brought to you by RedCon1. I'm Dave Palombo. We'll see you next time.