What's up, Bodybuilding fans! Day Palombo here with an RX Muscle News Update. Today's topic is Derek Lundsford, one of the most compelling two-twelfth competitors in the division. He turned pro last year by winning the NPC USA Championships overall. He then qualified one his first pro show, a week or two later and Tampa went to the Olympia with top five there. People attacking this guy is one of the greatest new talents in the two-twelfth division. He's got youth on his side. He's only improving. He's only been in the sport for a short period of time and he's made unbelievable improvements over that short period of a couple of years, which leads us to believe that this guy has a bright future now. If you look at some of the pictures that he just put out as he prepares for the Mr. Olympia Contest, which is in about eight or nine weeks now, he has made even greater improvements from last year to this year. He looks like a different person. It's unbelievable when you see the amount of sheer muscle size and mass he put on over the course of a year. I talked to Ben Pekalsky. It is podcast maybe a few weeks ago. He's been helping him out a little bit with his training at the gym. He is even super impressed. Ben was like, you're not going to believe what this guy looks like. I hadn't seen any pictures and then someone sent me these pictures that I guess are floating around. As you can look, I mean, his back is enormous. His front double bicep is deadly. He's got great legs. He's got a tiny waist. He's got good av insertions. His lats flare from the front. He's got great arms and shoulders and chest. He really doesn't have any weaknesses at this point. Obviously these pictures are not contest ready. He still has another eight or nine weeks to die off that fat that's on his lower back and his glutes and hamstrings. You can just see that the lats, trations are there already just because he's got such dense muscle in his lower lats. And you don't see that a lot in the true 12 division. I think this guy is going to be super dangerous. Can he beat flex? Lois, I don't know about that. But he certainly is going to be, I think, a top three guy in this year's Olympia. And if he comes in with the level of conditioning that we all want to see from him, who knows, he could push flex. I'll tell you why because this guy can make the way class. Flex is having to really suck himself down to make that way class. It really hurts as a physique. It flattens it out. Probably one of the reasons why flex is not going to be in the 212 division next year and he's going to move up to the open because he just can't make that way class anymore. It's not helping his physique. He doesn't look his optimal best. But once for his on the way up, young guy, a lot of talent, fresh muscle, skin his tight. That's the look we're looking for. And that's the look that the judges want to see on that stage. They want to see fresh new muscle. They want to see density. They want to see muscle separation. And they want to see improvement. And I think Lundsford is giving us everything that we could possibly ask for over the last couple of years. And he's got momentum behind them. So this is going to be an interesting experiment to see what Lundsford could bring to the stage. If I was a badding man, I would throw some money on Lundsford because he's got to be an underdog in the lineup. But at the same time, when you see these pictures, you got to be super impressed. So what happens eight weeks from now? No one knows because Willie brings his best. I don't know. He's been very consistent up until this point last year to hit those three shows. That was a dream season. Turn pro, winning the USA Championship, win your first pro show, top five at the Olympia. Can't get much better than that. Aside from winning the Olympia, and that's almost unheard of. So this year coming into the Olympia, if he can move up to that top three, or higher, even maybe the runner up position, who knows, maybe a surprise win, this could be one hell of an exciting two-to-to-all Olympia, which would certainly be retribution for the fact that Arnold Schwarzenegger and his crew have removed the two-to-all division from the Arnold Plastic for 2019. We still don't know why, but this would certainly at a level of excitement that they may want to second our question their decision to remove it. So once again, Derek Lutzford, one of the most exciting two-to-to-all competitors on the circuit now, it's only a shame that some of the irony of body modes that in that 12-to-to-to-all division like Heidi Schupe and a couple of the other guys won't be able to get visas to come out to the Olympia, but I still think it's going to be one hell of a battle up there. This could be Jose Raymond's final year. I'm sure he's bringing his best. So I'm excited to see the two-to-to-to-to-all guys as much as the open and the classic body mode is because we're seeing a tremendous level of talent rising up the ranks and hey, it doesn't get much better than that. I'm Dave Palabo, with an RX muscle news update.