Wake up everyone, it's Monday here at Muscle in the Morning and I'm Dave Pellon, but today is August 20th, 2018 and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Does anyone else out there remember how you used to be able to get those cheat codes for video games way back in the day? Well, I'm starting to think that Charles Griffin might have just found a cheat code of his own. Less than a month away from hitting the Olympia stage for the first time, Griffin looks like he's found some new way to hack the system. Because this dude is on another level right about now. Anyone who's followed his career since his amateur days probably knew he was destined to do something big at some point in his career, but I'm not sure if even he would have told you that he'd be here right now this soon. And at this point I'm still not sure he's ready to be a top-ten guy given that we haven't seen him compete at this level yet, but I'll tell you what, I sure as hell wouldn't bet against him in Las Vegas. For the most part, with every superstar athlete, there's a point in their career where everybody and their mother can just look at them and know they're about to do something special. And I think we can probably all agree that Derek Lundsford is at that point right now. The man will lot of people in the know or predicting to be the heir apparent to the 2012 division is looking more dangerous by the day now. And from what I hear, from my people down there in Tampa, the pictures don't even begin to tell the story about how insane this guy is starting to look every day. Even at his absolute best, I still don't think I'd go as far as saying he's ready to give King Flex a serious title scare this year, but a damn sure wouldn't be shocked if we all came out of the weekend talking about the start of the Lundsford era that's coming down the pike in 2019. I remember when I lived back in New York that it would make me absolutely insane every time I drove on any of the roads because they were constantly under construction. And I don't know what the roads are like out there in Kuwait these days, but I can tell you for sure there's some heavy duty road work going down at Oxygen Gym. Over the weekend, big ramen crew drop the latest installment of their road to the Olympia series where we catch the big man trying to do his part to pay his road to a world title this year. At least right now, the last images that most fans have of ramen is from that insane postal in beer run that he had last year where he was flat out awesome in that win at the Arnold Europe. And assuming he built on that foundation, he had there, you have to think that he'll be right there in the running again trying to be one of the ones who goes down in history as the guy who knocked Phil Heath off his throne. For most athletes, you think that sealing the deal on the biggest win of their career would be a cause for celebration. But I guess Logan Franklin is into into celebrations. Over the weekend, we saw the men's physique all star jumped back into action right after his huge win at the Tampa Pro where I know he definitely opened up a lot of eyes but the way he came out and dominated. I don't know what clicked in his head over these last few months but all of a sudden it seems like this kid is operating at an entirely new level and given the fact that there seems to be a little doubt swirling around the top of the Olympia line up right now. It doesn't seem like it's entirely out of the question for a guy with his talent to come in and make a serious push for the title heading into a Libya weekend. If you're old enough to remember any of those old IBM commercials then you probably remember that old computer program they had called Watson. It was supposed to make your business smarter. But the next time I'm in the market for a tech guy, I'll probably just open up my phone and hit up Zain Watson because this guy is working with some super high technology right now. A little less than a month out for making his return to the Olympia stage, my people inside the Watson camp tell me that he's still sitting somewhere around the 225 pound mark and getting harder and crazier by the day. Even though he was good a few years ago this 2018 Olympia version of Zain Watson should end up being the best one yet so if you can manage to show off all that crazy detail without coming into flat or too full this guy has the right mix of tools to make a strong push for a top five finish. And that does it the yet another edition of muscle in the morning. On day full on bow reminding you to always be true to your passions. Make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.