Welcome back to live with Brokey by Species Nutrition. Visit speciesnutrition.com. I'm Dave Pallando and today's guest is a new IFBB Classic Physique Pro. Just one is class at the USA Championships. The man I'm talking about is Doran Trotter. Welcome. Thanks Dave, like the thanks to be here and appreciate you guys helping me on the show. Yeah, you know, you're at work, obviously, Liberty Mutual. Tell us before we get to the body, but what do you do at Liberty Mutual? Is Salah in church? No, I'm actually an auditor. So I pretty much audit files for our claims of gestures and just make sure we're not overpaying or underpaying our customers and make sure we're pretty much standing in line with our estimates. You're the guy we dread coming out when we get damaged to the house and then you've got to come out and assess what it is, right? Well, that's what I actually, that's the gesture. I pretty much audit our gestures. Oh, so you're your, you're, you're, you're, you're my student. Yeah, I'm making sure our gestures are doing the right thing. How long have you been doing the job? Um, I'm being with Liberty for about seven years now and I've been the auditor for two. How do you learn how to do that? What, like, what, what, what are you based at Silver Utilver School for that, obviously? Did they just teach you on the job there? No, we actually, we actually have like a mock house like, um, um, and we're just like damage everywhere. And they take us throughout the house and we assess the images and kind of just write estimates and we meet with contractors and they teach us a lot, uh, as far as like how, what, you know, what type of damage is there and how to write for an estimate for it. So it's kind of things that you learn over time and just learn them to job as well. No, what I always, one, this has nothing to do with bodybuilding of course, but I, I have to ask questions when I actually find experts in areas that I don't know nothing about. When there's like a huge crazy hurricane, like, when I was in New York, we got hit with Hurricane Sandy, like, every, not, not one house, but every house in the entire, you know, NASA county was was destroyed, basically, or, or damaged. How do we insurance companies recover from like, you know, it's crazy stuff like that? Insurance companies got deep pockets, man. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, we, we actually work those type of, those storms in our budget. Oh, really? Of course. You know, we don't, you know, let me hurricanes, I mean, we get over pretty quick. Yeah, that's interesting. Yeah. All right. Let's talk about your bodybuilding. You started back and I believe it was 2014 with competing. You obviously were trapped. We talked about earlier. You were trapped and feel the athlete, the sprinter. How did you go from sprinting to bodybuilding? Well, um, ever since I was younger, I always say about, you know, 14 years old, my dad, he pretty much pushed me to play sports, football, track, basketball. And I wasn't always the tallest guy on the team. So he always has told me that I need to be the strongest and the fastest on any team in sport. So I've always been lifting weights and then from track, um, track, this kind of just took over. That was my passion. I actually got a scholarship and track, um, and um, went on a four ride there. And from there, my senior year, or actually started my junior year, put my hamstring, both of them actually, then my senior, I put my hamstring again. And so from there, it's kind of decided to just leave track aside. My old goal was to go try to go pro that. And then I just kind of just transitioned from track to sport. I mean, to weights because, I mean, it was kind of built in my blood since I was 14. So when they had just kind of started just working out. You know, it's funny because when people always say, no, I'm shawanally old track athlete says, I pulled my hamstring. When you say you pulled your hamstring, you tore the hamstring muscle. And that's really, so it's not like something you can get over in a week. You know, people think that, oh, you pulled your hamstring, you'll be better for next week. No big deal. Doesn't work like that, right? Oh, not at all, man. I was out. Each time I pulled my hamstring, I was at least out about six weeks. Wow. And having to do rehab and then once you came back, I mean, it was still that, that lingering pain was always there. So I was always having to wrap my leg up and, you know, I think you obviously handed my performance. So sure. Sure. But why do you think you got track athletes have such a propensity to pulling hamstring because of the explosiveness of the sprinting itself? I think it's a combination of a lot of things that and also just overtraining as well. I feel like, you know, just the constant running and sprinting and, you know, push out of the blocks, you know, that explosive movement tends to, you know, that's where the hamstrings a lot to do on that. So I think it has a lot to do with dehydration, too. I think a lot of track athletes are walking around the hydrated, which makes the muscles much more likely to tear also. Yeah, I was saying it as well. I think even bodybuilders, I think a lot of bodybuilders are dehydrated too and they train at the gym. I just don't think they get enough electrolytes. I think a lot of bodybuilders are afraid to sodium and they just don't consume enough. And when you don't have enough sodium, it's hard to hold on to fluids in your body. Yeah, absolutely. Especially when it's hot out, you know, when you guys go, track athletes in the warm weather, you're always drinking the gatorades and something that's to try to keep the electrolytes as well as the fluid in your body. Yeah, absolutely. I mean, I'm with the school of the week down the tech. So it was always hot in the humidity, it was terrible there. But I mean, we try everything that we could decide to try to stay behind the hydrated blood. It always worked that way. Yeah. And you competed in 14, 15, you took, I think you said you took 15 off because you got married and you had to get some kids. Let's talk about that in a minute. 16, 17, you competed. This year, you won the NPC city limits overall title. And then you decided, hey, I'm going to do the USM ready for this. Did you know going into the season that this was going to be the year you were going to try with your pro-park? It's not at all, man. I mean, to go on this competing and bodybuilding, I mean, it was kind of like a hobby at first. And then, you know, this kind of just transitions, something I started to take serious, I would say this year. The plan was just to go to the city limits, you know, place top five or whatever, and you know, I end up winning overall. And right after the show, my coach would say, well, you want to pick a stab at USA, and I'm like, sure, why not? So, you know, it took like a week or two off and then we start to prep for that and, you know, turn pro? Yeah, and that's not a light decision to take, because when you know, it's not cheap to do these big shows. I was talking about the other day. It's 325 bucks, you know, for the application fee, you got to get a hotel, you got to get an airplane, flight, you got to, you know, pay for rides and rent the cars and food. So, it's a big investment financially to go to and you being a financial guy, you should know, it's a big investment financially. You had to believe that you were, you had a good shot. But did you ever imagine in your wildest dreams that you would walk away with an IFBB pro card? No, actually, I would say, towards the end of my prep, you know, my coach, I mean, can be my coach use, I mean, you know, we can actually win this thing, but I'm thinking, you're saying that because you're my coach. But I'm sorry. But after, you know, I started getting a lot of feedback from other people and, you know, my confidence kind of build a little bit more and, you know, you know, I really, this last prep, I really took it seriously. I mean, the final fact, final fact, the cardio sessions and, you know, the gym and the eating and I really took it seriously. So once I got to the show, saw, you know, you kind of peaking, look at the other competitors and, you know, I started my confidence even more because I felt like I had it. So I was really good to build myself at doing a show. Yeah, that's a great, it's always feels great when you go there and you feel like, hey, you know, what I belong here, I got a good shot at winning this and then you actually do. Now, here's a good question. I always ask everyone who I talked to you know, before the show, when I'm in the pre-interview, I say, hey, you know, is there any obstacles that you've overcome or a lot of, you know, hardships that actually get to where you are? You actually set me right back to reality and you were 100% right. You're like, man, it's hard having kids at a full-time job. You got twins, you know, I have one kid at a time, I have two kids, but I had one at a time. You do it the same time. That's a tough, anyone who doesn't have kids, that's a real tough thing to do. Plus have a full-time job, plus train for a show. How do you do that? How do you make the time and manage your schedule so that you can get all this done? I got a good support team. My wife, I mean, I have to say this, but she pretty much allowed me to do a show. I mean, without her. Without her, you know, taking the extra time to prep my meals, you know, she's having the wash of kids while I'm at the gym. You know, weren't going to work early, getting off early, sometimes, just to kind of, you know, pick up the kids and while picking them up, eating my meals, at the gas station or something. So it was, it was hectic, I would say, but, you know, it paid off. Plus, when people don't realize them, and I didn't know they see them, that's probably why I didn't have kids for so long. You don't really sleep very much. My days of eight, nine hours, you know, nights of rest have been terminated permanently. I'm lucky that I get four hours of night. I sleep. I'm sure you're experiencing something similar. Yeah, especially, well, now my kids, they're actually, they turn two on the 29. So we got them to the point where they, they've pretty much sleep to the night. Oh, they're lucky. Yeah, so my son still went up to two and a half, you know. Yeah. So yeah, we got them there, but that's probably like, Naped to in the day. That's, that's, I can't do that at all. So that'll speak to them. Throne, when's going to be the pro-day view next year? So, um, to be honest, I mean, we, we've thrown some dates out there, but nothing's really stuck. So, we looked at the Omaha, we looked at the Tampa Pro. So, it's probably going to be out of those two depending on how I feel and what I look like. I don't know. Well, congratulations on the pro-card, congratulations on your two children. The great job and that sounds like everything's in order and we'll look forward to seeing you on that protest next year. Yeah, I'm excited to go and we're going to bring you that time. We're going to bring it to the show. Anyone you want to thank? Before we go? Yeah, um, you know, I want to thank my coach, Steven Mass. This guy has really helped me and he believed to be what I didn't. So, I feel like he's the secret soft to the whole formula. Right? Uh, then my closing coach, Miss Sheila Brown, uh, she goes about flexi Brown. She's the best. She's the best. She's the best. She, she helped me out with my posing. So, uh, those two, that's my dream team. All right, and that's going to take us to the end of another episode of live with Broughty by SpeciesDutrition. Visit speciesutrition.com. I'm Dave Palombo. We'll see you next time.