Old School body building clothing company. If it's been three and a half hours since you last ate protein, now you're starting to freak out, you are old school. If watching someone sit on a hammer machine for five minutes between sets playing with their phone, pisses you off, you are definitely old school. OSBBC.com for the hardest training athletes. My name is Talimini and I am the CEO and founder of Ulysses. The protein, bakery with low sugar, ketogenic and high protein in each and every item. I specialize in making brownies, cookies and cupcakes. As of 2021, we will have the variety of traditional, gluten-free and protein to choose from a every product. Come check us out at www.Ulyssesbaitr.com. And then check us out on our donation by the word, all proceedings will go to the wheelchair body building community with your order. Thank you for checking us out. Take care. Welcome back to Guru Talk on Dave Palombeau and we are joined today by Populous the Man He's Back. Anthony D. Pascuali. Welcome back to the show. Thank you so much, man. Always good to talk to you. Yeah, now we had a really good, we received a really good reception to the last Guru Talk we did, which we talked about, alternative cancer therapies, immune system enhancement, people really liked it. You and I always would go back and forth about detoxification. I know you're big into that, that's something I'm really big into. I believe that unless you can detoxify your body properly, your body's first priority is not going to be to build and repair muscle and to burn fat. And obviously if you want to be healthy and have good blood work come back with liver function that's good and kidney function that's good, you have to do your detoxification. And that's just once a year but on a daily basis. In that light, I wanted to go to you and I wanted to get your insights on detoxification. I can give you mine and maybe we can somehow make them combine somehow. Yeah, it's such a massive topic, you know. And it's sort of like, you know, if you think of a vacuum cleaner, the old ones with the bags and it like, if the bags three quarters full, it's still going to work. Sure. That will. And so it's really, you know, the benefits of detox are pretty immediate. And, you know, my introduction to it and you and I, I think we're both kind of hard for guys, like, you don't like, push you around. No. So I was like 23, 24 and I got to hold this book by Bernard Jensen and it showed pictures of like, bird rubber tires coming out of people's asses. I was like, oh my god, I don't know if anything's like that in me, but if it is, I want it out. And I mean, I like within like a month or something, I did an eight day fast. So in our judge in St. do seven days, drink silly and all day have some play. Right. Have a couple of vitamins. And, you know, the first, when someone starts to detox, they're going to lose a lot of weight. So I think a lot of the marketing of detox is like, you're going to weigh lots of tremendous. Trim into his off your waist and blah, blah, blah, I lost 18 pounds in eight days. Wow. I mean, kind of supposedly metric, but everybody's pounds up here. And this guy came up to me and worked because I was working at the time, I mean, I worked six out of those eight days. He's like, dude, you know, between you and me and people are saying you got AIDS or I said, no, I just stopped eating. And by the way, I was working in a kitchen. Oh, my god. I was eating half a beat and half a glass of apple juice. Now, the bottom line on the seventh day, I gave birth to like an exploded bicycle I was like, holy shit, these pictures are true, right? Yeah. So that's extreme like eight days, colonics being done twice a day, which is like a water tube up your pipe. Yeah. Now, there's, you know, it's, we don't want everyone to jump off the deep end if they feel like, well, I don't know if I can swim or not. So a nice maintenance that I like to do is, is I do a modified fast one day week. And it really, you know, cleansing, you can talk about cleansing the colon, trying to talk about cleansing the liver, cleansing the kidneys, cleansing, cleansing the blood. But cleansing also happens on a cellular level and there's lots of evidence for that. And it kind of happens when you give the body another priority. So when your body doesn't have to digest food, which takes so much energy to digest and absorb and assimilate and process. So if we don't have to do that, then the body's like, oh, now I'm going to not opportunity to clean house a little bit, right? Correct. And I find it's made of tremendous difference. You need to spend, I was 24 and I'm 52, so that's like 27 years. I guess, 26, 27 years. That's amazing. It's such a young age. A lot of people don't really get into it till they're older when they have problems. And you kind of start doing it when you're actually younger, which is going to prevent you. It's never too late. You make a great point. You know, a lot of people wait till, you know, until they hit the wall. But this been a wonderful, upkeep for me. And I kind of feel it in my body. Like every wake up yourself and you're just like not interested in food. You're like, oh, man, I don't know if I feel like eating anything. So that's your body kind of, I think your body's telling you, like, hey, can you fast? There you go. Right. I read a book. I read a book called Clean. I don't know if you have read the book. And this, without going into the whole, the book, the book basically says, look, you know, fasting is good, but it's not necessary to do everything in a week. If you spread it over three weeks and just fast for, say, 12 or 14 hours a day, and each smaller meals, obviously, meals that are not high in toxins and stuff like that easily digestible meals, lower protein, you're going to give your digestive system the same rest. It's just going to take longer. In other words, so for body builders, I recommend I give out a free three week detox that I think works more efficiently because like you said, you lost 18 pounds because you have a fast metabolism, you train, you know, your busy guy. It's probably too extreme for athletes to do that, I think. And I think it's better if you can do it over a longer period of time, but still get the same results out of it. And that's what I find that people, I cut out caffeine, I cut people's dairy out, I cut alcohol, I have to be, you know, gluten free, just, you know, really clean, easily digestible sources of protein, some carbs, obviously, the clean carbs, no sugars, and then of course, a little bit of fats, you know, but, you know, like, build like olive oil or macadamina oil tech stuff. And people get really good results the first week, they get, you know, you get to, like, fog because as your body is releasing toxins and then after that, you clear up and your eyes get really bright white and, you know, it just gives your body, like you said, an ability to clean house and I give this people this analogy. I'm always working, I never have time to catch up on all the little housekeeping things that I need to do. I said, if I only had a vacation, if I only had a week right, and if nothing else, I would be caught up. And that's really what you're giving your body, you're giving your body a vacation from digesting food and doing, going to work, so to speak, so that they can clean the interior of the body. And that's, that's important, we know that. And it's kind of subjective. I mean, everyone has their favorites, but I did subsequently, I did a 10 day, 12 day, 14 day, fast and the most ever loss was five pounds. So the more toxic somebody is, the more weight they're going to lose, I never detox before, it was 24. So I lost so much, but like seriously, when if I detoxed one day, and I like to do a more hard course style, what you're talking about is definitely effective. And you know, another golden thing about it is that is the person going to do it. If the person has turned off by something extreme, give them something more moderate, they're still going to get benefit from it. But I really think that one day, and on a cellular level, there's research by this term related group of researchers, when WEDT, and they found on a cellular level that the cells were more permeable. The human body cells were more permeable. So proteins could get into the cell more easily. And toxins could lead the cell more easily. So on a micro level, they found that fasting was beneficial for the body now. Hard core fast is like a dry fast, which I would never do so. No water, no fluid, no nothing. That's crazy. I always do a lot of water and a little bit of salt, because sodium is the most important to your actual life. And I'll have some fruits and veggies, but there's raw fruits and veggies, if you chew them, they digest themselves. They're full of enzymes already. So that would be like the most extreme detox. It's going to be like watermelons fast. I've seen people do. That would be amazing. Yeah, watermelon trius is super cleansing for the urinary tract, the kidneys, and parsley. So as celery also is well. So you can kind of take it like apples, kind of helps clean your valve ladders, so you can kind of look up with different raw foods. But you can't go wrong with just a raw day, so you eat like a rabbit. Really interesting research, there's a muscle guy. And I can say muscle like because I always aspire to be a muscle has been a muscle head. So this muscle headed the gym, and he's like, no man, I'm not going to fast because you know I'm going to lose muscle about not cool with that. And I sent him a study where they had people fasting every other day on just water for a month. They did not lose muscle. Because you might lose muscle on that water day around that fasting day. But you're going to gain it back every bit of it the next day, because your growth on goes through the roof and you're starving. Or even if you don't need a few apples, you're going to almost still be able to do it. So it's this kind of balance where I like to eat heavy because you've got a lot of muscle to maintain. I eat really heavy and that's kind of the last things that I want. So it's good to eat light. And like you said, even if you cycle back for a week or two, still eat your protein and carbs, just cycle it back and don't have dairy, which is notoriously congesting, don't have bleeds. All right. Okay. Well, I just wrote the book on Plensing the Coling Paper and your colonel. We have to work together. Right. So that's your time makes a lot of sense. You know, cycle back on the heavy stuff. And one of the most important things a lot of people don't realize is when you're cleansing and detoxifying, you need a really good, silly and base fiber. Because that binds up all those toxins that your body's dumping into the colon and into the intestinal tract because if you don't bind them up and pull them out of the body, you can re-absorb them into the bloodstream. And that was one of the premises of this book, a clean, you must take a fiber supplement. That's why I get people on my fiber-lice twice a day, product. It works amazing. It tastes good and you know what? It does the job. And I tell people, beware, you're going to have weird, weird bowel movements that, especially the first week. And people, I don't think they're ever ready for it until they actually do it and then they're like, oh my God. I cannot believe what came out of me. What did I just give birth to? Yeah. It just, it looks weird. It's like stuff they'd never seen before, you know? You make such a hugely important point. You gotta be pooping when you're fasting. You gotta be. Because, you know, the liver and the gallbladder are going to collect toxins and they're going to shoot them into the small intestine. And then the intestines job is to absorb. So if you have fiber there, the fiber is going to help to bind these toxins, whether they be heavy metals, pesticides and their metabolites, classed asvisors and their metabolites. So fiber administratively does help to, and then to bind them and then pass them out of the body. Clay is also good for that. It's like something that can throw in there. Sure. They call them dirty-tours, right? People who take part in charcoal is also good. People who use the way that night Clay is not, they call them dirty-tours, right? Oh, dirty-tours. Yeah, yeah. You got to learn from the kids in the playground, right? You got to learn from them. So on that, we're not a Jensen program. I was eating a lot of clay and I've done it ever since. Usually, if I'm having a fasting day, I'll consume some clay. I play as an entire... Yeah, yeah, sorry about that. Oh, no. I think we have a little connection problem. Oh, really? I read the song, but I think I read it in life extension magazine about clay. And I bought this big thing of like... It was dirt, basically. And you mix it into water and drink it down. And it was literally... It was like I was taking dirt from outside and mixing it and drinking that. I don't know how I went through like three weeks on this stuff. And I don't know if it did anything, but I definitely had very interesting bowel movements on Tony that much. So, that clay is so detoxing because it pulls it dry. So it actually sucks toxins out of your body. Let me ask you a question, because you know what? I did a at home heavy metal test because I was convinced that I was marked high mercury because I used to eat a ton of sushi back in the day. And you hear mercury, tuna, all this stuff. And so I test my heavy metals. I send it off in the mail and it comes back high for lead. So I'm like, now I'm like freaking out. I'm like, I can't hide. I'm like, I left levels from. I'm thinking, you know, maybe it was on I lived in New York and I we worked in this industrial center and maybe it was... I know that it was dust in the air and I'm starting to think it crazy about it. So I go and get a blood test locally and my lead comes back normal. Okay. Because I think when some of those you send these home tests in, they don't work quite that well and the blood the grades and contaminants can get in there and then not that. So, you're in test or blood test? It's a blood test. I had to like bleed my thing around to one of these little white cars and stuff like that. Did you do a challenge? Because there's something I think is called DMSA. So that sucks metals out of your tissues and then you tend to test. Hi. I didn't do that. All I know is I poke my finger and I had to put blood splashes on this paper and then you send it off. Now, when I went to the quest I knew I was like, they took blood from my arm and they tested it. So it came back and said, you're lead free just like gasoline. That's right. I'm lead free. I'm lead. Now, for people who do have high mercury or high lead or something, what are you running? Glad you brought this up because I like to proactive the take things that suck heavy metals out of the body. So, I'll gin a gas. Elgina gas it is really good. High content of that in many cv. So, I a lot of cv doesn't matter. Clarella is like a heavy hitter for getting rid of heavy metal. Why didn't know that really? Clarella, huh? Much more so than spirulina. It has that unique property of helping full heavy metals out of the body. How much have to take? I have no idea how much you have to take. I do have about five, 10 grams a day when I think about it. But a really interesting study I saw to, um, lack-taining women and measure the level of pesticides in their breast milk. Right. And once they were put on Clarella had less pesticide residues. Quite a bit less residues of pesticides after being put on Clarella. Wow. What do you think about it? What do you think about EDTA under the tongue, subling wooing? I think EDTA is cool. It's not my super favorite thing in the world because EDTA has got a lot of evidence that it pulls heavy metals out. But it doesn't give you any other goodness, right? Where Clarella gives you a lot of full team around event, he oxenents, um, so there's goodness in it. And then in terms of like, you know, EDTA is a late addition to human intake, where clay, humans are bleeding, Clay, if you're millennia, like, all around the world. They're like, oh, my tummy doesn't feel right. I need some clay. But native people didn't around the world. Okay. And I saw one study with rats where they raised two generations of rats on a diet of 25% clay, 75% you know, rats out. And these two generations of rats were fine. There was no problem in their birth weight and their longevity and anything. Right? So, I mean, that's a heck of a lot of clay. Yeah. So I'd say so. It's more proven. So EDTA is cool. If somebody really had this issue heavy heavy metal, but you know, on a full and too fast, because then you can create a toxic environment, because they're kind of like sequestered in the body. So if you suck them out too quickly, then you can get too much in the bloodstream, and you can kind of like retoxify yourself. So I would go slow, where I think things like clay, chloralicy, we, they're long term. And I like your original thought about the detoxing more longer term, more gentle. Yeah. I think for sure for heavy metals that's safer. Yeah. And doing it. But if somebody's got like, you know, life threatening, um, part of me, heavy metal toxicity, it's even accepted in medicine, just give them an ETA drip. It's like acceptable in modern medicines. That would they do? Is that what they do? The pull it out quickly. That is, is the modern medicine, ETA is not okay for cleansing your arteries, but that seems to be also what ETA can do is suck plaque on the arteries. Right. Well, it could definitely pull calcium out. It would pull calcium, I imagine out of the arteries, right? Yeah. Yeah. It might be part of the mechanism, but yeah, people just get cleaned up from well, but when there's no less of this to that, I wonder why we don't see more to ETA, um, Qation therapy out there, you know, I haven't seen this sublingual stuff, but I have seen subsidiary stuff, but I guess either way, I have some sublingual stuff that someone had recommended to me to use and I'll use it. I don't use it continuously. I'll use it like for a couple days in a row, maybe once a month, like you said, kind of as a gradual, just in case type of thing, because they're all getting some kind of heavy metals from somewhere, like I was reading a lot of under-on biodorants have thawly on them in there and speaking of detox, you know, let's try not to add toxins to our life, as as an under-on biodorant, I just take zinc powder from the pharmacy, like pure zinc oxide out it. I even made a YouTube video about it. It works amazing. Oh, really? The natural shit the odourant, it never works for me, man. But the zinc stuff works, and then if you absorb something, who cares? It's good for you, right? Right. I'm using some of the natural, I forget the name of what it's called now. I used to be called primal pit paste, that's just a decal. They sell it on Amazon. It's pretty expensive, but you know what it works. I don't smell from it. If it's that cold, it would've been good. Whatever, so. That's cool. So you don't have the guisha armpits that I get. No, but if if I stuck, I believe I'd go back to the real stuff, but you know what, I don't really do anything that makes me sweat that much anymore. It's not like I could just jam like squatting 600 pounds anymore, so that would only that. You know what? I thought I was down that when I went off the antibiotics, I stopped my sweat, doesn't smell as bad, you know. As when I was 300 pounds, your body's, your body's cleaner, right? And then if you do decal, that's a nice side effect of decal. You'll smell sweeter, like your be-oh, will be sweeter. Like it's just, but you're like, you're a greasy Italian. I bet if you eat a garlic meal, you probably smell for three days of garlic, right? Oh my god. I love garlic so much. And I miss it so much I never eat it because I'm a trainer too, man. I can't speak like a garlic and be standing beside you. If I eat something that might even have a trace of garlic, my wife's like, oh, what did you eat? I mean, it could be like a minuscule because it's not my pores. It's like unbelievable. But that's a good sign, you know, your panels are open. That's a good sign. Yeah, yeah, Italian's detoxion to skin. No doubt about it. All right, well, I want to ask you about colonics because you know, I did a colonic once. And I never did it again after that. And I was very uncomfortable for me. Yeah, some stuff came out and everything like that. But I found that I felt like it was wiping out my good probiotic bacteria that are growing in my colon and I just didn't conceptually think it was a good way to detox. I was just laughing because I was saying today's a fire hose or something. I went to the open one where you know, it did not really, where you kind of let it out yourself. It's like a little thing. All right, that shoots up there. You fill up and then you kind of just do it yourself. Because I didn't want anyone in the room with me sucking stuff out of my body. It's just like, I couldn't do it, you know. I don't know after reading Jensen's book, Bernard Jensen, I was like, you know, these exploded bicycle tires. I got to try this out. So I bought my old plan for. Oh, really? And I still do them to this day, maybe once a season, but I did it once a week for a whole year. I don't know. I found that my gut always worked really well whether I was doing it or not doing them. And so, you know, your appendix is kind of like a little depol for probiotics. So even if you use a lot of them from the Holy Ghost. I don't have an appendix that was taken out of 17. So, okay. And you got to take the probiotics yourself. Yeah, I got to take my own. So, but you know, I think that if you do, I tell people this all the time. You know, I take my five or supplement religiously two times a day, every single day. I try to fast 10 to 12 hours every day. I eat my meals within a window. And I feel like not a regular basis. I'm pretty detoxed all the time already. So, I don't have to do anything extreme anymore. I think it's the people who haven't detoxed ever or, you know, have a lot of big gut or feel like they're just backed up and they're health doesn't feel that good. They have low energy. Those people need a major detox probably. It's a good passive detox as well. And it depends on the situation. I have one client and he's like, dude, he trained anyway because he's such a trooper. He's like, I've had this headache for like three days, man. Right. I'm trying getting a colonic. So he went to a colonic place. He said his headache was like just vanished. He just talked his life out of a bone. So it sounds like a gross topic, but it really is very important. And I owe, and I said, this is going to be an ailment. I'm going to finish up the interview by rehashing this. Your body will not prioritize building muscle repairing muscle tissue, burning body fat at optimal levels if you are toxic. It's not a priority to your body. So if you want to be the best body building, building muscle and then getting ready for competitions by burning the most fat, the most efficiently detox your body, that's the best advice I can give anyone. And I assume that you probably can second that. I totally see that man. And maybe if we can do another talk at some point, we talk about more specific detoxing. Like detoxing the skin, the liver, the kidney. And what the different effects of that would be. But the more tough, the more you're talking about, you know, once the body starts cleaning health a little bit, it's going to help all of those areas anyway. And if you haven't specifically targeted it. Yeah, I think a lot of people have bad acne. I'd love to target how we can clean cleanse the skin and get all those toxins out to the skin. Because really acne is, you know, it's bacteria in the pores, basically, that are feeding off of the toxins that are coming out of your body. Right? I mean, that's what seed them is, right? And people don't realize that. You know, when I went to the dermatologist as a kid, he told me you could eat whatever you want. Chocolate, sugar, that's all dairy. It's all bullshit. It doesn't make you break out anymore. But I knew by experimentation that if I was eating a lot of sugar or I was having dairy, I was breaking out worse. I just knew it. So he could tell me you only want that he just wanted to put me on those creams that did nothing or antibiotics that did nothing. And that's how they trained them, right? That's how the doctors are trained. Yeah. It's the intervention that works, not the lifestyle. Like that's how they trained them. They don't want preventative medicine. They only want to treat symptoms. That's unfortunately the way it is. In medicine, and that's one of the reasons I didn't go into medicine and I pulled out at the last minute. But thank you, Anthony, for joining us again today. We're going to do part two on detoxification, possibly next week of the week after. And give us some plugs. How could people get in touch with you? Anthony, eeposwally.com. And everything's there. My email, my cell number, everything's there. Excellent. Thank you for joining us. Have a great day. I'll see you back for part two. All right. Enjoy sunny Florida. Are you lucky guy? Absolutely. Guys, that's going to take us to the end of another episode of Gooroo Talk. I'm Dave Palumba with Anthony Deeposwally. We'll see you next time.