Daypalumbo here with another RX muscle product review. You've seen me review a lot of massage guns lately. Well, this is an interesting device that's called the Aecto-Way cover. So, if any of you guys would go for cupping therapy when they actually put these suction cups on you and it actually draws blood and increases blood flow. For a lot of people, they really like it. I know I get pictures all the time from bodybuilders who send me their update pictures. They got these marks all the back and stuff like that from the cupping therapy they went for this is something you can do at home yourself. It's a pretty interesting little device they got here. I'm actually really impressed with it. Let me get this thing open up. I'm going to open it up up here, nice little box. Here's the unit. Let's see what's going to be in this open here. Alright, so the good thing is this thing. Here's the cupping unit itself with the controls on top. This thing actually opens up and you can change this little filter pad here. They come with replacements like this so that we can keep nice and clean because as you're using this on your body it's going to take up dead skin cells. That's what I like that. This just wants to get just screws right on. This is literally a cup. What you do is you'll put it on. I had an arm workout that was really tough into my arms to sore. You basically put them right here. You push the button and you can see it's you can see the light there and it just starts working and it's sucking more turns red. It starts blue and it turns red and it will give intermittent pulses of sucking. What that's doing is it's drawing blood to that area and enabling the area to theoretically heal itself better and more efficiently. You can just, you know, you can read a book while you do it essentially. If you've done enough in that area you want to stop it. You can hit this button and it will release it and you'll see I have a little cupping mark here on my body. Let's say I want to now go to my forearm. Maybe my forearms are sore. I've got a tough arm workout and I did forearms after. Once again it's suction really well. I mean it's, I don't even have to hold it. It's on. It's like falling off this thing. It's a very strong suction for a little unit like this and it becomes with a little charger. You can literally plug this thing into your computer. Your laptop computer and charge this thing. Standard charger. And once again you can control how strong the suction is with the top controls. I mean this is good. Once again it's easy because you can go from muscle to airy to the muscle area. Now let's say my neck is bothering me. I can put it here now. If I put on my neck, I only got a hikki from someone. So I'm like, you can have that. Look I have like, I went from blood work the other day and I have a little bruise on my arm. So if I want to maybe increase circulation to there so that that bruising goes away faster, I can put this right on here and once again it starts blue and then when it gets to enough of a suction it turns red. This is a really weird side part of my arm so I'm just going to hold it here to make sure it keeps the suction on there. And once again it's bringing blood flow to this area which is going to help flush out that little bruise that I have on there. And so you can do this on any part of your body. You can just kind of move it around and see I can already see it's actually dissipating a little bit. You can move this around. It's light. It's got a little lannier to come through it so you can kind of put this around your neck because you want to know who would kind of put this around the neck but you can do that and have it available anytime you want to cup. And if you're into cupping and you like that therapy and it actually resonates with you then this is a great machine. You can go to their achedaway.com website that Tyler is showing you right now and you can order this device there. And it's a very high quality solid device. I highly recommend it if you're into cupping therapy. Once again it'll save you money of having to go to a professional and do it because you can do it yourself and if you want to do your back you can have like a friend of yours or you're girlfriend wife or whatever boyfriend put it on your back. And once again it's an ad home unit for body bills who work out on a regular basis who like cupping therapy in terms of increasing blood flow to help restore the muscle. I would actually use one of these devices combined with one of the massage guns. So you can kind of get a dual therapy going. Once again check it out at it. Ittoway.com. Tell them they's a polo sent you.