Day of Falombo with another RX muscle rant brought to you by RedCon1. Today's topic, Dioretics. It's that time of year guys, everyone's getting up on stage. They're doing shows and that means there's a lot of dioretic usage, what are dioretics, or drugs that force the body somehow to lose water. And that's really what we want to do with the very, very end of contest dive. We want to dry out. We want to make those muscles look so hard and vibrate in the best way to do that. It's the pull water out from under the skin. So there's always a layer of what we call subcutaneous water that sits between the skin and the muscles. And it's always there. You can never get rid of all of it. But we try to get rid of as much as possible so that the skin is almost like shrink wrapped to the muscles. So you can see all the definition. The problem is if you start pulling too much water out of the body, there's no water left under the skin. So you start pulling water out from inside the muscle. And what that does is that deflates the muscle and the muscle goes flat. And you hear that people say, oh, the guy was flat on stage. Or his muscles were unpopping or his skin was loose. And that's usually because the muscles are dehydrated. So there's a good right way and there's a wrong way to dehydrate yourself and use dioretics. And there's certain dioretics that you should use and shouldn't use. Now to a certain degree, all dioretics will work. But the question is, why would you want to use certain dioretics over certain other ones? And once again, I'm a scientist at heart. So what I like to do is break down the science of how things work. And then make an informed decision on what the best route to take is to accomplish the gold that you want. And in this case, it's to get that very dry looking skin, but keep the muscles full. So think about it right off the bat. If you want to keep the muscles fuller. The less dioretic you take and for the, I guess you could say, the shorter duration, the better off you are because ultimately the first word comes from onto the skin. Then the long year on dioretics or the more that you're using. Okay, now now it starts pulling from the muscles. So right off the bat, I only used dioretics the last day before the show. And then the day of the show is necessary. Never use it anytime before that because if you, the longer you're using, remember, the flat of the muscles are going to go. That's just the way it is. And the longer you use them, the more the body kind of catches on to what you're doing. And starts resisting what you do. I can't tell you how many guys I've seen who start dioretics sometimes like a week half five days after the show. By three or four days out they look at, they can, they can, they can win the Mr. Olympic contest. And then by the day, the time show time comes around that their flat is a pancake and they don't look at anymore. So one day I used dioretics. The question is which dioretics, really, and we're not really going over the last week of the contest, but we're going over dioretics. So what dioretics are the best and why? Well, you know, one of the dioretics, a lot of people bring up, you know, the use and claim that it's a mild dioretic and it's, it's great to use is outdactone. And what outdactone does is it inhibits a hormone in the body known as aldosterone. El nostrons produce from the adrenal glands and it's job is to regulate sodium balance in the body. So the higher the amount of aldosterone in your body, the more sodium and water you retain. Okay, if you restricts, let's say you stop eating salt in your diet, which some people do on their diet, which is ridiculous. The last salt that's in your body, the higher the aldosterone levels will be because as your body depletes sodium, your adrenal glands release, el nostorone to help re-absorb sodium. It's basically telling the body, you know, hey, we need more sodium in here. So if you restrict salt for a long period of time before a show, you're going to have a lot of aldosterone around, which means it's going to be very hard to get rid of water because aldosterone wants to store water. So what a lot of people do is then they'll take aldactone, which inhibits aldosterone from working. Okay, which sounds like a good plan on paper, right? Hey, just block this stupid hormone and then we'll get rid of water. And aldactone happens to be potassium sparing, which means you don't lose potassium when you're taking aldactone, you only lose sodium. So it sounds like a good idea. The problem arises that if you do too much of this stuff, because you always got to look at not just how things work, but what if something goes wrong, how do you solve the problem? Because if you can't solve a problem when things go wrong, you're screwed, right? So aldactone inhibits aldosterone. The problem is that toward the end, the show day comes around, you start cramping, what do you do? Normally, because you know that it's when you cramp on aldactone, it's got to be a sodium imbalance because you're not losing potassium. Most people would just start eating sodium. The problem is without aldactone, as you can't absorb it because you're inhibiting the hormonal dosterone. So that's not a good idea. Also, a lot of people start aldactone, like almost a week out, sometimes 10 days out, which I don't know where that came from. I know Bob Grushkin started that, but you know, it's interesting. aldactone has another use in medicine. They give it to women who are very angogenized, meaning that they have, they've been massized. I'm not talking about women that serve who are on animal oxalorids. Don't know about women who just have angogen problems. Some women produce too many angogens in their body. Whether it's polycysticic, what is it called? Polycystic ovary disease, or it just happens to be that they produce a lot of adrenal angogens, you know, because that's where women produce their hormonal, from they produce them from the adrenal glands. And they give women aldactone. And why do they do that because it acts as an anti-anrogen? And it starts acting like an anti-anrogen after 10 days of use. So if you use it less than that, it's not going to block the angogen use as far as from a body-going standpoint. But that's what it's given for. I don't know if people can use that 10 day in the pamphlet thing about, hey, you've got to take it more than 10 days. And then they figure, well, that means you have to use aldactone up to 10 days. I don't know where that came from. But to be honest, if I had to use the aldactone, it certainly wouldn't be for 10 days. Maybe it would be for one day, you know, once again. But I don't like it once again because it inhibits aldosterone from working. And therefore, something goes wrong at the end. And you start cramping because you're a duplit too much sodium. You can't restore the balance by eating salt because you've stifled your body's ability to absorb it. So I don't like aldactone. Second direct is that it's very popular. It's a few rows to minor laces. It's what we call loop diurettic. It's one of these things that it's like, it's like an atomic bomb. It just flushes everything out of your body really quickly. The problem is that it flushes sodium and potassium out. Now, upon first glance, that doesn't seem as just bad idea. The problem is once again, if you cramp on laces and you want to correct the problem, the question is, are you sodium depleted? Or are you potassium depleted? If you're only sodium depleted and you take potassium, you'll make it worse. And vice versa. So you don't really know what's going. It's too many variables to have to keep a count of when you take laces. Now, if I have a client who can't get anything else but laces, it seems to be a very readily available diuretic because the logic he will take for blood pressure issues. I have a laces, so 20 million laces one time is probably not going to cause any potassium depletion. But once again, don't like it because there's that unknown variability in there. The diuretic I do like is diaside. Diaside is a dual diuretic. It contains hydrochlorothiaside and triumthere. Hydrochlorothiaside act illness like laces, as it forces potassium and sodium out of the body. But triumthere actually causes you to retain potassium. When you combine these two drugs together, the combined effort is that you lose sodium but you don't lose any potassium. It balances it's what we call potassium sparing diuretic. The great thing about diaside is it's very predictable in how it works. You know precisely how much water you're going to lose, especially if you worked with it before. I said, and secondly, you don't lose any potassium. So if you're cramp while you're taking diaside, you just need salt. When you restore the sodium and potassium balance immediately. To me, that's a great diuretic used because of that safety. Now there's different names to diaside in other countries. There's diatide, it's cold, it believe overseas. Modureritic is another one that's very similar. It's a pretty comparable component. You can use any of these brands. Maxide is another brand of diaside as well. You're looking to compete in a show and you're looking for a diuretic. You really want to stick with some diaside-based diuretic. Dual diuretic has the hydrochlorophylliside with the triamterines. That's going to be the most predictable diuretic that you can use. If anything goes wrong, you need to have it corrected. How you put together the last week of fluid restriction and adding the diuretic in and how much to use, that's person-specific. I do a lot of last week's concepts, perhaps, of people. If you're confused about how to carve up and how to deplete water and take the right diuretic to have a time all that and you've never done it before, it might be a hoovey to go to datelumbar.com and sign up for my last week's contest prep for $100. Then just contact me and I can go over all this and walk you through the process. Sometimes better than screwing up a whole contest diatide. That's the reason I did this astate, which is, that's the reason I did this. The rant is because I see too many people making mistakes with diuretics and screwing themselves up at the 16 hard weeks of work. They're doing tons of laysticks and then they're wind up cramping and they went up in the hospital on an IV bag or they do too much out of that tone and flatten themselves out and they can't fix the problem. There is a right way to do things people and just because it worked once doing it the wrong way, it doesn't mean you should keep duplicating it that way because it could go wrong in the second time. This methodology I'm telling you is try and true and repeated and the science behind it and it's very predictable and that's what you want. You want to be able to control the variables of what's going on with your body that last few days before a competition and not have to worry. Hey, am I rolling the dice? Is this going to work out? Because that's not a very comforting thought and that's not conducive to getting the results and predictable results that you want to get every time you get on the stage, especially given how much money and time and dedication you put into this. Alright guys, I hope you enjoyed today's rant. If you did, make sure you subscribe, turn on notifications, hit like and all that other good stuff have a great show weekend. I'm Dave Plumbo with another RX muscle rant.