We're going to be launching the tasty pastry for the low-car hot tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. I'm Dave Palombo and today is Wednesday June 16th, 2021. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Ladies and gentlemen, you know what time it is. Recap Wednesday is back and better than ever. We've got another great show lined up for you today. Starting with this recap of last weekend's Asia Grand Prix bikini. The big story here was the winner, Sarah Choi, earning her first pro win and well deserved a Libya qualification. So couldn't congratulations for a job. Well done. The runner-up spot went to Songon Room who did enough in the minds of the judges to buff third place finisher, Ho-jung Kim, one spot down the scorecards, fourth place went to Bolasio and we're wrapping our cover cheer with your fifth place finisher, young kung kung. We haven't actually had two bikini only events on the schedule last weekend. With the other one being the clash of the Titans pro out there in the great state of Georgia. And stop if you've heard this before, but once again Ashley Coltwasser managed to walk away with yet another win, which gives her four already this year, not to mention the fact that she was second at the New York pro, which is out of control. Second place went to Carolina Colzos, who keeps getting better every time we see her. The first year was one, did enough to convince the judges to slide her into third place here at her season debut. On Jan. Nicholson, cruised comfortably into fourth and Mika Messelin rounded out a pretty solid top-five group. Out on the west coast, the men's physique division was out in full force in Sacramento for this year's NorCal Pro. And we're starting off our coverage here with the men's open where former Olympian Shura Kwascherbaaz came back from this one year sabbatical to win this show for the second straight time. The surging Joseph Lee slid into the runner-up spot for the second straight week by managing to edge out third place finisher, Miron Griffin. Fourth place went to Ishmail Dominguez, who placed in the top five or better three straight times now. And we're wrapping up the top five with Jason Hung, who looks solid in his season debut. And finally, I want to end today's show by giving you a quick update on Dusty Handshot, who was hospitalized a few weeks ago after suffering a few health complications that left him in pretty bad shape for a while. But I'm happy to report that Dusty was released from the hospital a few days ago. An intipul Dusty fashion, he's already back in the gym, trying to regain some sense of normalcy after having his life turned upside down. You've done so many of these stories lately like this that haven't had a happy ending like this, so it does make me feel good to find your report some good news during a time when the world could definitely use more of it. And hopefully now, if this is all behind him, it'll be a thing Dusty can look back on a few years or now and talk about as a transformative moment in his life. To any of you who donated or sent thoughts and prayers his way, thank you. Dusty, I'm just glad to know you're home, my friend. This is my school in the morning and that does it to you at another edition of Muscle in the Morning on the Day of Holombo reminding you to always be true to your passion. They should have followed us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.