Wake up in Smell the Coffee, it's Monday morning here at Muscle in the Morning. If you read anything ever written by any successful entrepreneur, they'll tell you that one of the real keys to being successful in life is figuring out how to develop productive routines. And I highly doubt there are too many athletes in the Women's Physic Division who are more in tune with their routines than breakout star Natalia Kahoho. Ten a week out from her Physica Limpia debut, the former figure superstar looks like she's on a collision course with the two other horses, Malacarne and Grant, that we've got leading the way and this tight race that we've got shaping up down the home stretch. The pound for pound Kahoho is one of the most talented athletes that we've ever had set foot in the division, but even with all that talent, you have to wonder whether or not she's got enough experience under her belt to step up and take the title. So, Talia Kahoho definitely won't be the only athlete in the division heading into the Olympia weekend with a full head of steam. Long time veteran Mila Ash doesn't look like she's out there taking any prisoners either. After last month's big win at the optimum pro Ash seems like she's really stepped up her game and the update she dropped over the weekend really highlight the level of dedication to our craft that she's been putting in over these last few months. Over the last year and a half or so Ash really seems to have come into her own as a Physica competitor. But if she has any plans of cracking the top five at this year's Olympia, now definitely wouldn't be the time for her to slow down or take her foot off the gas. People tell me that there might not be a more beautiful place on Earth to visit than the historic parts of Spain in the middle of summer. So now that it looks like our old friend Roman Fritz is heading out that way about two weeks from now, well maybe it's time I finally decide the hop on a plane to go over there for a visit. Over the weekend Fritz and his team release some new updates 18 days out from the big man weekend where people in the know seem to think that he'll be ready to bring his best look ever of the season. Fritz has always been one of the rare breeds who walks around with damn near zero body fat all year long. But as you can fill out enough to bring in that extra crispy look we've all been waiting for that's when he starts to become a very dangerous competitor. You know bodybuilders have a tendency to be overly sensitive way more so than pretty much any other group of athletes but then there are people like Guy Sistir Nino the ones who know how to take that constructive criticism and turn it into something special. Over the weekend the king of the beards released a whole string of clips from his current offseason project which seems to be doing whatever it takes to come in bigger and thicker from the back of the 2019 season. There's one thing you can say about sister Nino it's it's then he's been an absolute workhorse at every point as per rear so if he says he's coming back bigger and thicker in 2019 you can bet your butt that he means that he's coming back bigger and thicker in 2019. It doesn't take a bodybuilding history to figure out that flex Lewis isn't has been the most decorated in talented athlete to ever set foot in the 2012 division. But late last week Lewis and his team rocked the bodybuilding world when they announced that 2018 would be their last year competing as a 2012 competitor where possibly even their last year ever in a heartfelt Instagram post flex to express some of the eggs that went into the decision for his career and his family and cited the tragic passing of his friend Dallas McCarver as one of the sobering moments that really helped to put everything in perspective even though for some fans I think the immediate reaction might be shocking all at the end of the day everyone needs to sit down and remember that all of these athletes are just people they have lives they have kids they have families and to gain the world and lose all those things in the process is really to gain nothing at all so my hat goes off the flex for having the courage to do what he's doing and I personally can't wait to see how he writes the ending to this next chapter and that does if he had another addition of muscle in the morning on day full of no reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.