Our Ex Television on RXMuscle.com. This is AS Dave, better known as hashtag AS Dave brought to you by Species Nutrition Visit speciesnutrition. On host of the EATFORWCYVIS, is your 30-minute question and answer show with Dave Pullumbull, all your questions on diet, training, supplementation, IFB, pros, news, competitions, whatever is on your mind, it is all on the tables. We now bring in Dave Pullumbull Dave. Some exciting news on the RXMuscle Front as we welcome in a new advertiser on board. Yeah, as you guys probably know, I'm very good friends with Jimmy Mentis and Jimmy just acquired liquid sun rays to add to his portfolio of companies along with his beauty fit. He'll be actually in the studio next week. We're going to be doing a cool interview with about that in the history of tanning and stuff like that, so that should be fun. Species in Jimmy and I go back to the days of diet, German, and pro tan when they first started out. This is exciting because liquid sun rays is a great tanning product. It's probably got the best color out there at this time in the industry. Jimmy is trying to revolutionize how we tan people and take it to a higher level. Back in the day, guys would have terrible tan, some guys would have a green. Nowadays, stepping on stage with anything less than a perfect tan is shame, shame on you. The liquid sun rays company is usually at all the shows and you can easily sign up with them and have them tan you and what used to take hours and hours now is a painting on this tan now takes 10 minutes. So there's no excuse for not having a perfect tan anymore. So again, welcome, liquid sun rays on board. The newest RX muscle advertiser right now on rxmuscle.com yesterday, we were sent pictures of big romis latest progress pictures by butterboudy. The head owner of Oxygen Jim that video is live right now at rxmuscle.com. Dave Arpres his opinions on big romi 10 weeks out from the Olympia. Watch for it today or tomorrow. We have a great two-part interview with Dan Solomon. He's the voice of the Olympia live broadcast. He came in and Dave and Dan has some really good insights into this upcoming Olympia. Some of the new changes of course. The new people's champ rule and it's so much morals. And the question, the first two questions from the Dave Pullumbo experience app, the first question, what top three ingredients for enhanced or are the top three ingredients for enhancing brain cognitive function in your opinion, when to take and anything we can naturally do as well. You know, I hate to say it, but it's so simple. A cup of coffee is probably the best, you know, it's similar. You could probably use for a firm for alertness. No, I don't do stimulants because I have like a harder with me. The kickstand, if my heart rate gets too high, you know, normally it rest, it doesn't, I don't have any problems with it. I don't even, I'm not even aware of it. But I don't do stimulants for that very reason. I don't need to like, you know, push my heart. So I don't do stimulants, but I'll tell you something. I drank a cup of coffee the other day, a half a cup. And I was so alert. My whole brain fog went completely away. I became super focused. There's really nothing better than that. The problem is that everyone uses these stimulants every single day in excess of a mass and they don't work anymore. So what's the best brain stimulant or the best thing to ferment alertness? Really? Like I said, a little bit of caffeine. The key is, don't abuse it. I'm coming out with a product. We're trying to formulate it. I mean, we'll formulate it already. We're trying to, you know, put the whole thing together. It's called neurowise. It's going to contain a whole bunch of different, you know, no or, the topic, you know, this is funny because back in the 90s we talked about, no, it's tropics. They'll fill up, and his book, the out of rock reference guy. And I think the one dollar tropic that existed at the time was parasitum. And we used to try to use the dividables. And it didn't work a little bit. It really wasn't anything great. But now they have a lot of natural supplements that when you put together synergistically kind of create a, almost like a, you know, a mental focused type situation. And that's what I'm trying to do with the neuralized product. You know, I was originally going to put the same formula into a pre-workout. But I'm like, you know, I think people are basically confusing pre-workouts with focus products. And you should, I don't think you need to do the two together necessarily. I think they should be divided because not everyone wants to take a pre-workout and be stimulated at their mind because they take it at night because they train at night. And then they can't sleep at night. So rather than me, what I used to do is produce two pre-workouts. Night realized with caffeine. Night realized with that. I'm just going to go with a pure neuro-focused type product. And then if I want to put together a pre-workout, I'll put together a stem free pre-workout because I don't think you need to put the stems in there. If, if a pre-workout is good, you should feel the pump, you should feel the endurance. That has nothing to do with the stimulant portion of the product. So that's how I'm going to do. And I'm going to like I said, the question was, what's the best, you know, brain stimulant? It's caffeine really, right off the bat. But how you make the caffeine more effective is how the other compounds come into play. And once that product comes out, I will explain what my scientific approach was to putting that to the other. Second question from L'Aceum, under what conditions and time of day do we want high cortisol? You ever suggest trying to control it. And it's so what are the benefits to this? Well, in the morning is when cortisol levels are highest. That's just our natural circadian rhythms dictate that. So that's why I was always a big believer of doing, you know, like growth hormone, your injections in the morning to try to counteract some of that, you know, catabolic effect of cortisol. Now cortisol is important because when your blood sugar drops, there's two hormones that can raise blood sugar. Glucogone, which is produced by your, your pancreas, kind of does the opposite of insulin. It takes whatever glucose to store or glycogen storage in the muscles of the liver and it liberates it. It makes it turns it into glucose, puts it into the blood sugar and raises blood sugar. Cortisol, which is produced by the adrenal glands, can raise blood sugar, but it does it by a different mechanism. It takes amino acids and usually in the liver a little bit in the kidneys and it converts it into glucose. That's known as gluconeogenesis. So it's actually making new glucose that was never around. Whereas glucogont takes existing stored glucose and liberates it. So they work by different mechanisms. So you don't want to have zero cortisol because it's a safety net in your body. In other words, your liver is always monitoring and your pancreas for that matter. How much blood glucose is there when you're sleeping at night a lot of times, you know, your blood glucose can drop. That's when cortisol raises blood sugar while you're sleeping. That's why people who don't have good blood sugar control know this when they wake up. And the morning that fasting blood sugars can be high. Okay, because their bodies can't manage. Because think about it. When you produce glucose into the bloodstream, the pancreas has to release insulin. So you can absorb that glucose. If your insulin production is not optimal for whatever reason you're taking growth hormone, your pancreas to stress that, maybe it's a little burnt out, you might be, you know, watering on diabetes. You're not going to be able to have good blood sugar control. So to get back to the question, cortisol is important, but we don't want excessive amounts of it in the body. It's good or Instagram questions. First question from hoodman 521. The best movement for a thicker middle back is supported upper torso movements as effective as bent over movements. Yeah, I think that's the best way to go. When you try and it really target those little middle back muscles, the rhomboids, and really it's really the lower part of the traps, too, we're talking about. Because the traps go all the way down the middle of your back in the middle there. And when you try to target those small muscle groups, you're better off doing rowing movements with like a pad against your chest, because it kind of forces you to not cheat with other muscles. And it really targets those muscles. When you're doing those exercises, weight should not be really a priority. It should be the squeeze and how you're really feeling that muscle really just, you know, pulling back there. If you're just feeling your arms during the movement and you're just kind of hurling the weight, then you're really not targeting those little middle muscle, middle back muscles. I've seen a lot of guys that are super strong on bent rows, dead lifts, pull downs, and they have no middle back detail. And that's because they just don't target those muscles. They use the other muscles to compensate so they can lift heavier. So that's why I always broke down your do your basic heavy movements first, pull down the bent rows, one arm rows, then go to the end of your back work, I'll go to your isolation type back movements where you have the pad. Whether it be sitting in a rowing machine with the pad against you, or leaning over in that one, the pad sits against your chest and you pull up. Those are great because they force those middle back muscles to work. P.R. dip. My question is the best option to get shredded. Claim versus ECA stack, like Black Mamba, and can I use T4 rather than T3 to stack what the above option because T4 is cheap? And I want to know the dosage of T3. Yeah, the, you know, Klemeterols, the best fapper and you can use really. I mean it doesn't, it's so much better than a fager in caffeine that the, no comparison. So if you have access to Klemeterols, obviously I would choose that. I like to stack it with T3, or you know, it's the brand-name being side of Melon the United States. Side-Mell and Mexico and then other names and different places, but T3 is the active ingredient. And you don't really want to use T4 because T4 is an inactive thyroid hormone. If you put T4 into your body, okay, and you have normal thyroid output, 99% chance none of it will ever convert to T3 because your body just doesn't need anymore. So if you're trying to boost thyroid output, you know, it's thyroid hormone levels in your body, functional thyroid levels, active thyroid hormone levels, you want to take T3. So taking T3 with Klemeterols has that synergism of increasing fapper and pretty significantly. So the, it may, how common is sleep apnea among body builders and what can one do besides CPAP to treat sleep apnea? The only way to treat sleep apnea without a CPAP is she just a loose weight. I mean, look, I was never snore my whole life. Then I started bodybuilding and I got big. When I hit about 25260, I started snoring. When I was 300, I snored like a grizzly bear. When I lost the weight, the snoring went away. I don't snoring anymore. I had 100, whatever I am, 90 pounds. So for me, it was always a weight issue, which kind of, you know, my neck was big and it would close off your neck a little bit. Other people, I know, I know guys that have sleep apnea to 150 pounds. Those people, you put that you gain a hundred pounds of their body and they're going to die at night from sleep apnea. They need a CPAP machine. So if you want to be big and huge and eat a lot of food and hold a lot of weight and you have sleep apnea, which probably 90% of bodybuilders do because when they get that big, you got to use the machine that's all the risk to it. I mean, it sucks, but otherwise you just can't be that big. I mean, no one wants to, you know, shorten your life because you have sleep apnea. Plus if you don't sleep well, you're not going to recover from your workouts and build muscle, you know, adequately. I think I probably had to sleep longer when I was bodybuilding because I didn't use the CPAP machine. That was became kind of invoked after I stopped competing. So I would have to sleep 10 hours and I probably had to get enough sleep because I wasn't getting a restful night sleep, but I would take napster in the day. So once again, if you want to get a quality of good quality sleep, you got to get one of those machines. Sugar J. Fitness is a true your best time to make growth is coming after a show due to your body being depleted for a long period of time. Can you touch on that subject? Sure. Good question. I was just talking to a woman about that last night on the phone. And, you know, after a show because you've been depleting so long and not can bodybuild out of your body, you want to store things. Now here's the interesting thing. He wants to store everything. And once his store calories is fat, once his store glycogen, I mean glucose is carbs is glycogen, and once his store protein as muscle, we want to exploit as the ability of the body and wanting to make muscle tissue. So what we do post, you know, contest is we eat, but we eat. If the eat tons and tons of carbs, you're going to get fat, okay, as well as muscular. If you eat a lot of protein, you're going to put muscle on, okay, and that's just the way it is. Now obviously, the first thing that happens when you eat a lot of carbs is your glycogen stores get filled up. It's great. You feel like some pumped and full and strong in the gym. Once they're topped off, which takes a couple days, the rest of that was extra carbs. Now we'll start going into fat storage because your body wants to store. So you see it more in women because women have, you know, women can sometimes eat as much as many after a show. Now, if they're both, if men and women are both eating the same thing, who do you think is going to get fat in the women? Because they don't need to do many calories. So what you want to do after a show is maximize your diet. In other words, get enough protein in, get enough essential fats in your diet. And then eat enough carbs to fuel your workouts and to do what you got to do and you can max out your glycogen stores, but not enough that you're going to start getting fat. And how do you know that? Try on there. Try on there. You'll see. You'll know when you start getting too fat and then you're back off a little bit. But you will grow. I know guys, I, I, most guys after a show I clean the mouth. They do HG, they do clombered and then they're off. And, you know, obviously the stuff that you've been taking is still going to be in your system for quite a number of weeks, three to four weeks after the show. So you're going to get a rebound and nice boost no matter what, you don't have to stay on gear. Matter of fact, if you go off the gear, you get hungrier because gear is toxic to your body and it usually blunch your appetite a little bit. You might not even realize it until you call off. When you go off the gear, well, if it's something you get soft star, you can't stop eating. That's good as long as you're eating the right foods and training. Because that, that combination of the training, okay, and eating is going to build muscle at a much accelerated rate because your body wants to store things. For, remember, what you store is dependent on what you eat. Louis Green, the first day, voured somewhere your craziest thoughts when you were dieting for a show, contest prep drives people insane and we think of all sort of cookie stuff. How did you stop yourself from going mad when on contest prep? You know, I'm such a creature of habit. You know, the fact that I would have achieved me all once a week for me was like salvation. I would diet so hard knowing that when that Friday night or whatever was Saturday night came along and it was time to go to that old, you could eat sushi places that didn't even happen. That would go to every week because back in the 90s there was no, there was like one place in Manhattan that would just start doing this all you can eat sushi thing. There weren't sushi buffet as back then. And I loved this one place and I would go into the city. It was like a 40 minute, 45 minute ride from Long Island. Every single week when I would contest diet, I never missed. We would drive in there and we would go eat sushi and it didn't matter if it was a torrential snowstorm or rain. I made it into that freaking restaurant. They knew me and there I was in there every week. And that's my salad and that's what made me diet so hard during the week. If I felt like cheating or if I started getting really bad, I would leave the house. You know, I would I would clean the house. I would do anything I had to distract myself. And that's what you got to do. If you want to be the best, cheating is not an option. A design cheat meal is, but you can't just randomly say, well, you know, I deserve it. I even suffering and I'm starving and this is not right. I don't see life isn't right. It doesn't fit. Right. It's not normal to starve to death. Right. It's not normal to be hungry all the time and to dream at night about food buffet. But that's what bodybuilding is about. It's about who can endure more torture to look better than the next God. And I never wanted to get up on that stage and say, you know what, back I suffered more than I did because you know what, that was that was not an option. I was going to do everything I could to be my desk. Now, I couldn't control my structure. I couldn't control how much muscle I had achieved. Whatever I had was had to be maximized. And the things I couldn't control were diet, my tan, and my presentation. And I always try to maximize that to the best of my ability. Trying time. How do you bring out striations and the hamstrings for rear poses? I'm pretty lean everywhere else. Is it just stubborn that or opposing it's you? Well, it could be a combination of how you, you know, pose the muscle. If you can, if you can move your leg around in certain angles all of a sudden you see a time of decal, then you just not flexing it right on stage. Now, you could also, the muscle could be too flat maybe because you're not, you know, carb up enough or you could be in a depleted state. More than likely, when I see it, most people who don't have hamstring, I guess a lot of decal showing. It's one of two things. It's easy than that too. They're not lean enough, which is usually the case where they don't have enough muscle back there. You can be super crazy ripped and just have like loose skin back there and you can't figure out why there's nothing popping. Well, the reason nothing's popping is you don't have enough muscle back there. The same reason why some guys don't get glued because they lose all the fat there. They got loose skin there, but there's no muscle there or not enough muscle there to stretch that skin tight. The only way to solve that problem is to add more muscle. Let's go to M Luigi's, Dave hate to show opinions about a fight resupplement without sodium husk, is sodium husk a must. I'll tell you why Silly is a must. Because when you're talking about soluble fiber products, okay, then the highest naturally occurring source of fiber in your and foods would be O-brand, okay? To compare O-brand to Silly, you need eight grams of O-brand to equal one gram of Silly and a potency level. Therefore, if you're taking my fiber lies, which has about nine grams of Silly and preserving it, okay? You would need, nine times eight, 72 grams of O-brand to equal that one little scoop of fiber lies. No one's going to eat that much, that O-brand. You, you, you know what? Grems of carbs would come with that. So it's it's almost impossible to get what you need on a daily basis from food sources. When you see these other crappy fibers in the market that have like, you know, they have them gum in them and and and all these like these very, you know, soluble fibers, excuse me, these very water soluble fibers that kind of disappear like a bed of fiber, they're crap. They don't do anything. They have no pose. You know what the funny thing is? The number one selling fiber product in the world is is fiber one bars and people love them. Do you know that fiber one bar don't have any fiber in them? The only source of fibers is Xantham gum, which is, which is a thickening agent that people use. It doesn't have any, it doesn't have any health benefits, whatsoever to it. But that's the number one selling fiber. So it's a taste good. So people don't know, people once again, it's goes back to the old while taking a one-day multi-vitamin, I must be getting all the vitamins I need, which we all know is bullshit because there's no way you can put enough of the, the minerals and the vitamins in one pill to get enough of what a body builder or a high exercising endurance athlete would need. So it's the same thing with fiber. You need a potent fiber something to do something, okay? Take fiber lies for one, you know, for two weeks and then and then take some other fiber. You tell me if there's anything even close to it, you're not going to get the same effect from it because of the potency level of the of the of the of the sillium. It is what it is. You know, and there's different grades of sillium. So, you know, we buy a very high grade of sillium because I want it, I want this stuff to work, okay? You want it to have all the health benefits of lowering LDL cholesterol, of lowering blood sugar, of, you know, allowing, you know, waste product to move effortlessly out of the body for clearing the calling. You know, there's so many health benefits to taking a good quality fiber supplement that there's no excuse why anyone should not be taking it. If you're taking anything else before that, those of you are trying to take it, I mean, I ask you probably going to pre-work it and you're not taking, you know, a multi-vide and multi-run, a central fatty acid and fiber supplement, you're an idiot because you know what, you're actually inhibiting your body's ability to no more to be healthy, but number two, to actually build and burn fat, you know, build muscle and burn fat at optimal rates. Victor Seldana under a score of classic. I feel as though my rats from the front don't flare out, say in a front double bicep, is that just poor muscle development, insertions, any moves to help target that specifically? I mean, it usually means you're lads and I've big enough not wide enough. In some people, they don't hit the pose right and they don't pop them out enough, but when I was like, first started competing, I think it was 160 pounds in my first show and it was a middleweight. I had been training for like nine months after coming off being a long distance run for five years and I thought I was no opening my lads of, I just turned down and said, have any lads to pop that out? Doring each was a big believer in pullovers, the pullover machine to really bring the flare out of those lads, I believe that you know, pull downs and rows and somebody that it's just building sheer mass on your lads is really what's going to pop those things out and that's all there is to it, you know, the wide of your back, the better it's going to look. Now, if you're not like I said, if you're not opening up your lads, good enough, that's a different story, but most people's problem is not that mostly but don't have enough muscle there. So, Chris Kavallo has a question that you and Dan Solomon certainly address in your interview which is going to go up either today or tomorrow on rxmuscle.com, but I want to maybe expand a little bit and I'll explain. So, what do you think of the new form of judging at this year's Olympia with the audience having to say and second question, going off social media, recent posts on big ramen, do you think he will bring the condition that that filled us? Now, what I'm going to throw into that is, do you think now that this will encourage Olympia athletes, especially for this show, given that they have this scoring, that that could actually play a factor that, okay, if they're drumming up their excitement, fans are going to be a little bit more, or hey, you know what, big Ronny's in posting these pictures, he's on the front of my I'm going to vote for him, come Olympia time. I don't think the people's choice is going to have any effect on the outcome of the Olympia, I doubt to leave him be prize money. I would like to think that someone's going to put some prize money up for it, so it's like something to be proud of, but I don't think it really will. I think it's adding interest to the Olympia and I think that's always important, you know, people like anything that's different, you know what I mean? Oh, I get to vote. The problem is that only the audience is getting to vote. I don't know why they went to fielded like, you know, one of these text messaging services where you know, you could, everyone of the world, who they think is the best bodybuilder. Like American Idol. Yeah, I mean, that would have been smart to do that. That's what Dan and I talked about in the interview a lot. That was my idea to do in that. But you know, like I said, it's going to drum up interest. I don't think it's going to change anything as far as placing the fact that Ronny, you know, we're all waiting for him to show up at his best. I don't know if he can. I think he physically is capable of it, but I don't know if the people that are advising him will allow him to go low enough in bodyweight to actually get that shredded, okay, to come to the stage the way we know he needs to. Because the bottom line is that he'll never be more conditioned than Phil. Because Phil is one of the freakiest hardest guys I've ever seen and, you know, compete on in bodybuilding. But he doesn't need to be as hard as Phil. He needs to be in shape for for Ronny. So if Ronny comes in, you know, rainy, norally hard, even if it's not harder than Phil, he's got way more muscle than Phil does. So he will not be beaten. But he's leaving the door open. And you know what? Phil's laughing all the way to the bank to the tune of $400,000 every single year that he's been collecting that Olympia check. So what would happen again this year? You know, the betting line would say Phil's going to win. You know, the long shots would be like, you know, would give you the Ronny, the Dexter Jackson in there. I think Dexter Jackson can win the Olympia again. If these guys come and off, it has happened before. He won it no eight. Wouldn't it be great 10 years later at 50 years old or almost 49 years old, whatever he is, to win the Olympia again. It could happen. That's what makes the show so exciting. Coastal Reek in Gaines, thoughts for caution and what to watch out for when using Cline while on a coloric deficit. This is really not any danger to Cline but if you take into the right dose, if you're starting out with 20 micrograms twice a day, but the only side effects you're going to feel is you might get a Cline headaches or a pain in the neck. They only usually laugh about two weeks. Sometimes you get those. Sometimes you get cramping you'll you're on and right? The muscles right in the here will lock up on you and you'll be like what the hell is going on. Those are the two most common side effects. A claim makes you very strong in the gym. Two is to get to be careful. I think that's why you get cramps sometimes the muscles can drive a little too tight. Other than that, you get a little shaky like this. Your hands get a little wobble for a couple of days. Once you get past two weeks on plan, all the side effects go away. All the little dohickeys that are annoying disappear and what you find is you can take a Cline Biter on full sleep 10 minutes later. It doesn't stimulate you whatsoever. Once again, get past that two week trial period. Once you get past the two weeks, then you can start increasing the dose and I think you'd be fine. Elizabeth lifts how do you train a type one diabetic? What specific methods do you use when it comes to fat loss and muscle growth? I don't change anything. It's the same protocol. Essentially, as long as they had it take care of their blood sugars. In other words, ironically, a low-low carb diet like my ketogenic diet works really well on type ones because it reduces their insulin requirements to almost nothing. Obviously, they're going to still have to take their long acting insulin which is easy. They take that twice a day usually. The short acting insulin today normally would take with their meals would be greatly reduced because the carb content is going to be almost non-existent. They will need some because we remember protein can convert into carbs in a certain degree but they're not going to be nearly the amount of insulin that they would normally would take off season. So ketogenic diets work really well but that doesn't that's not the same that they type one diabetic can't eat carb diet. They just have to know how many grams of carbs are ready so they can calculate how much fast acting insulin to take with it. So I help a lot of type one diabetic. To me, they are pleasure to work with because they micromanage every aspect of what they do. They always know their blood sugars. They always know how much insulin they take. So to me, that's a lot of data to work with that I can manipulate that easy. If I need to reduce carbohydrates or reduce something in their diet, they know and I could talk to them about how much insulin we need to reduce and as they get leaner and leaner and their body fetke slower and lower in their food gets slower and lower they have to reduce the amount of insulin they're taking. Decorate if you're on HRT 200 and GF test per week and HCG every day and one MG of an astrazole every other day, what should that bring your testosterone level up to? It's in potten there's no formula that you could possibly use to figure that out. It's every person is in the midial. I know guys that can take HCG and their testosterone will be through the roof and I know other guys take the HCG and their testosterone's low and they both using the same source of HCG. So everyone's value response to those those those releasing peptides or releasing hormones that you want to call them in different ways. So I could never quantify what their level with the person's levels would be. Swaggy T when it comes to old school body building the golden era I know most of them did super low carb high fat high protein diet. How are they able to look so full for contest and shoots on low-terno carbs? Well they ended up as they were basically doing similar to ketogenic diets they just would eat a lot of red meat back then they really didn't know about essential fatty acid they would just do a ton of red meat and butter and stuff like that and create heavy cream and they would carb up at the end. I mean that's what I put someone on a key and not everyone knows I don't put everyone on a ketogenic diet and not everyone needs it but if you're on a ketogenic diet or even if you're on a low carb diet at the end we carb you up. So carbs loading is just putting glycogen into the muscle when glycogen which is the stored form of glucose goes into the muscle it pulls water with it. So when you carb up you can eat no carbs for the whole year and if you carb up two weeks before a show you're going to look just as good as if you ate carbs the entire year it doesn't matter. glycogen stores which is what causes that fullness in the muscle is like gasoline in your car a gas tank in your car. If the car is not running on empty all the time you know you might run out and you might get some some of the car may slow down you might have to add some gas here in there okay but if you fill the tank up after even a year of running it low nothing it doesn't change how the car performs the car will still perform the same. We've gone questions before regarding controlling acne but Dave the coke wants to know some insight as to what to do for acting control both on and off cycle. Well you know everyone was everyone breaks out differently I suffered with acne for many years because I didn't have it grossly but when I would take a certain steroids I guess it would get worse and no one wants an nasty skin and no one wants to ask you to skin on stage and you know I eventually did act to look at you and it helped a lot. I still broke out but I didn't break out with big, big oils and stuff like that. So the question is how do you control the acne? Well you know a lot of guys I've been putting on my test-alize product which has some DHT blunting agents so it doesn't eliminate DHT but it reduces it and usually guys break out because when they start a cycle it blows that DHT levels through the roof die hydrant testosterone and that's what's responsible for acne. So if you can reduce that a little bit naturally we're not eliminating at totally by taking drugs like finasteride okay you get usually the acne goes away pretty easily assuming that you're conducting yourself and taking showers and keeping clean. So I have a lot of guys especially young guys and their teens that are using test-alize and not just for the testosterone boosting effects and the estrogen long effects but because it reduces DHT and it solves the acne problem a lot of women take it for that same reason and for hair a lot of women tend to sit out when they're bodybuilding because maybe it boosts their natural testosterone natural DHT levels and then someone will take drugs that they shouldn't be taking but the test-alize seems to also temper that DHT effect thus allowing the hair to become thicker and reducing you know the incidence of hair loss. So you know for what it's worth try it that would be my first line of the fence if you're having acne issues you're having hair loss it should try test-alize three pills twice a day if that doesn't work after a couple weeks then you could think about using stronger drugs like finasteride but I wouldn't need your use those right off the bat if you can avoid it. Take a couple more questions barbarian the your view on giant sense from muscle control and would you regularly change up your exercises? The old Milo Sarsha of Giantsets. I you know I actually like Giantsets I think they're good I just don't wouldn't use them every single week you know for limited periods of time maybe four to six weeks and then and then go back so I mean the problem of Giantsets is they're pain in the ass because you've got to run around the whole gym you have to make sure that you have four machines a five machines open that no one's using them it could be it could become too stressful I did a lot of super setting and drop setting when I would when I would compete you know I would do like let's say I'm doing uh bicep cable curls I might then go do try set of overheads immediately after no rest you know or I might do if I'm on the bench I might bench price three fifteen for six reps strip off a plate to twenty five for another four reps strip off a plate one thirty five for another four to six reps and and that would be the end of that would be the the the the benching workout and so what I was basically doing is I was lifting heavy initially then to get more reps rather than try to do four straps or try to you know just strain with the wrong muscle legs lower the weight it's still felt super heavy because I just finished a set with a heavier amount of weight and I'm blowing as many of those and then when that was too heavy I would lower it again so I was I was almost doing four straps but in a drop set type of situation so it's always a good idea to mix up your training I can get people a template of here's a great workout but you should always tweak around the exercises change the order change the tempo change how many you do you know sometimes drop set sometimes super set it um and that that's just called variation in training and that's what usually leads to the most muscle growth. Inspector America Dave on fifty years old in general is there a way for a person to improve recovery ability outside of supplements, nutrition so on and so forth any training methods or techniques each is just. You know as you get all there it's hard to recover you shouldn't be training as many days a week um obviously taking supplements like World War Moll and testosterone and some I'm going to help you recover quicker no doubt about sleeping more is going to help you recover better um eating the right diet is going to help you recover better so if you can maximize all those areas I just mentioned you should be able to recover with no problem. Last question from Lee Axe and how do you coach your clients who constantly fail on their nutrition plans do you just say okay keep going or can you start to tell them off. Um you know if I if I feel that they are doing their cheating and they're not following I have guys and I look I did a rant on this and I still I'm still getting guys that are using sugar free catchups and they're using another guy you know you know I like a dobo you know spices you know but I'm a diet if you read the ingredient list on a dobo spices the third ingredient is sugar okay so people make such stupid mistakes and then they wonder why they're not losing weight so you got to really read all the food packages that you have don't just look at the new trickials look at the ingredient list read what's in there so you see what's in there just because it says you know less than one gram of carbon label doesn't mean there's not sugar in there it could be a look it could be a gram in there and the serving size might be ridiculously slow or low and so no one's using one serving size they're using five serving sizes and before you know it you're consuming you know an actually 10 20 grams of carbs you know with your meal that you didn't even know you were getting in so I think a lot of people sabotage themselves if it's a person who's just cheating and they actually even admitted to you and I have to plant like that too I'm like look you're not going to do well at the show and you got no one to blame but yourself so you can either skip the show or do the show knowing that you didn't give you best and then next time around you know you'll you'll buckle down and you'll be a hundred percent and you can't be emotionally invested in it in the sense that you're going to get upset because someone's not listening to you it's their life it's their option all you can do is give them the reality of situation they could either embrace that and try to be better next time or they can say f you I don't agree with you and and leave but they're only person they're lying to themselves that's going to do for this episode of Ask Dave again brought to you by species nutrition visit species nutrition.com for Dave love oh and our producer Tyler sure I'm so deep for rookie we'll see you next week