Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Food Expo, so it's 30-year-in-a-row, and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry for the low-car pop tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. Today, Pulumbo, and today is Thursday, June 10th, 2021, and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Earlier today, I was exchanging emails with a client, and he said something that stuck out that I wanted to share with you guys. He said practice makes progress, which is one of those weird and two-of statements that simple and profound at the same time. And it also does a pretty good job of summing up this clip of Chris Bum said. He did a 7-plate PR and deadlift a few weeks into his contest prep, which wouldn't have been possible that he hadn't spent so much time practicing the heavy basics during his off season. Eventually, everything comes full circle. And if working this stuff back into his program ends up being what gives him that extra 1% edge he needs to make it through straight, well, that practice will have been well worth it. I want to stay on that concept of practice making progress for this segment because I think there's another angle to this that's important to cover as well. When people think about practice, more often than not, it's probably something physical that comes to mind. But I wanted to point out that greatness is a practice too. You don't want to cheat right, it's the way Sydney Gilland does without dedicating yourself to the process of progress. You can make the argument that Sid is operating at a higher level than any athlete in the entire industry right now, male or female. And the numbers back up that because she's actually the longest ten year to limpia champion in any division. When she started on this journey a few years ago, the entire landscape of the division was completely different. But here she is now surrounded by new faces and new places, still standing alone at the top. And at the end of the day, none of that is possible without the practice of making progress. And that's what this is all about. Figure out the stuff that works, double down on it, and then double down again and let the rest fall into place. It's a super simple formula for success, but it worked for Patrick Moore when he won the Cal Pro a few weeks ago. And it's still working now. If you saw the training clip that you released a few days ago and thought that it just looked like more of the same, that's because it was. And that was the whole point. He knows what he needs to do, so he just goes out and does it without trying to complicate things. It's the shortest distance between two points, which is why you can almost draw straight line from Cal Pro to the Olympia and already know how this whole thing is going to play out. You know how Instagram will sense a certain image. So you have to click approve before you can actually see it. Well, they might want to think about doing that for everyone competing in the open class at the IFVV Chicago Pro, because scrolling across some of the Hunter LeBrona content might be disturbing to viewers. A few days ago, he released new update photos that were taken by a certain Hall of Fame bodybuilder who happens to the Shad this same last name. He looked as good as we've seen him at any point in his career. He's big, he's crisp and he looks the way you'd expect someone with top five Olympia ambitions to look heading into their season. They're great. Once have a way of making it look easy and there aren't too many people out there who are making it look easier than Hunter LeBrona is right now. And that does a few at another edition of Muscle in the Morning. I'm Dave Palombo, reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.