It's Friday the 13th here at Muscle in the Morning and I'm Dave Palombo, your scary host and it's July 13th 2018 and let's find out what's going on in that world of body building in fitness. I don't know about you but if I just won my pro debut one of the biggest shows in the country, I'd probably still be sleeping off a legendary hangover in the middle of the right field bleachers at Rigoli Field in Chicago. Luckily for him, Wesley Vissers and I don't seem to have that in common. This week we saw the rookie star releases first official post show update less than a week after setting the classic physique world on fire with his huge win at the Chicago pro. According to Vissers and his team, there's still a lot of work to be done between now and the Olympia if you want to be competitive but with less than two months left until it's go time you wonder if there's enough time for them to actually do enough that they can impact on the final outcome of the contest. Anyone who watched the NBA finals this year knows what it feels like to see a tsunami come through and just wipe out everything in its path. And when you look at what Ashley Colt-Wars has been doing, heading into this year's Olympia, you can't help but start to get a little bit of that same feeling. After last week's massacre up at the Vancouver pro, Colt-Wars are starting to look like a complete juggernaut heading into the big return to the Olympia stage in September. Over the last five years is so we've probably seen more turnover at the top of the bikini division than we have in any other division in the pro league. So I don't think it would come as too big of a shock if she showed up and became the first women in history to win back the bikini Olympia title. Sometimes in sports you find yourself sucked into rooting for some of the athletes who are just legitimately good people. And you won't find many athletes in the two-twelfth division who are better people than the reigning and defending Arnold Classic champ, Kamala Garmin. Right now on Warganis Camp are knee-deep in preparation for their first career Olympia. We're hoping to put himself on the short list of guys in line to see Flex Lewis's spot after he vacates the throne. Within the last week or so we've slowly started to see Kamala start rounding back into that first class championship form who had back at the start of the season. So if you can get close to bringing 100% of that look into this year's Grand Finale, he should be right there in the mix for a top five finish when it's all set and done. These coasts have been getting pounded with a press of heat for the last week and a half, but a mature of mother nature could even keep up with the flames that bikini stand out dare a Diaz has been throwing lately. Last and a week after putting together another brilliant top five effort at the bank who reproved the New York native certainly hasn't wasted any time jumping right back into action. On Tuesday new updates began to trickle out from sources inside team Diaz that show one of the divisions New Breakout Sars looking as sharp as ever. In all three of her shows this year Diaz has been right there on the verge of locking up an Olympia qualification. So if she could hang in there and grind it out one more time to finally get over the hump it will have been worth every single moment of the struggle once she steps out under the bright lights of the Vegas venue. Back in the 90s Sammy the Bolgrvano made a name from self as one of the most notorious mafia hitman of all time when he rolled over during the John Guadi trial. But since he's been officially retired more than two decades now, maybe it's time for Big Rami and the Camel crew to get into the hurt business. This week we got our hands on some new updates of the Big Man straight from the Camel crew CEO, Beta Badae, who seems to think that this might be the year we see this guy come in and interrupt history by stopping Phil Heath's quest to Tylene Haney and Ronnie Coleman's record of H.T. Olivia's Denny's tracks. Truth be told pictures might be worth a thousand words but at the end of the day the only word that matters here is win. As in Will Rami, the good enough this year to actually win the title. But no matter how good the pictures look, we still won't have any idea who writes the next chapter in Bodybuilding History until this thing finally plays itself out in September. And that does it to yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning. On Day, Pollenbo reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.