Music Yes, this is back by popular demand. It's guru Amina Lai, the man scientist, whatever you want to call him. I mean welcome back first of all and thank you guys. Thank you. Second of all, I know you've got a show coming up you're competing in. The master is North American, huh? I'm going to give competing one more attempt because I just always felt like, you know, well, I'm caught. I mean, there is no qualification really for the masters, but yeah, it's going to be masters and it's classic physique. It's something I think I stand a chance in, you know, bodybuilding I've ever stood a chance in. So this is something I might be able to stand a chance in. How old are you now? I'm 45. Okay, so this is, this is like your, one of the ironic if you got a pro card at like 45 if you're taking off like what 20 years you haven't been doing this. I mean, I think I think that is just kind of part of what will be ironic about it. There's so many other things that would fall into play. I mean, the idea we're really mentioned is to you, but I've had a series of surgeries over the past several years. One of them was a next-usen five and six from a degenerative disc disease that I have. I'm hanging. I inherited from my father. And when they, after the next surgery, they're like, you know, you won't be able to lift your son up. So don't worry about lifting anything over your head and, you know, I, I recently, then lifted a 405 again. Wow. Squat it 265 for five again. And, you know, for me, just to be able to do that, just period at by age, not to mention the fact that I had surgery just a couple years ago. I think it would be very ironic if I win this. And if I do, it would probably be a number of factors other than zombies. Did, do you, um, are you afraid when you lift in the gym now? Because after you get a surgery like that, it's so severe. It's like, yeah, you worry that, hey, what if I screw it up? And, you know, I'm going to, I'm going to wind up even worse. And then it's, I only have myself to blame for it. I, I was worried. I asked my doctor on multiple occasions about the hardware that they had. That they had it. There's titanium, used in my, and my neck. And he was very adamant on saying that no amount of weight that I lift is going to make it move. And then I, I hinted on some of the weights that I wanted, that I wanted to conquer. And he says that's fine. He goes, you know, you may have inflammation. But that wasn't really so much what ended up being the issue that issue was recovery. Right. Being able to recover from workouts that typically I would be able to do and recover from. I don't think it even has to do with the gear, you know, I just, when you're older, you just can't recover as well as you used it. Are you training last for this show that you've done in the past like taking maybe more days off during the week? I have been. But there, there's been a slow progression with that. And that slow progression leads to basically right about now where things increase to cardio twice a day from once a day to, you know, training a little bit later in the day. So I can get some hard, hard fast peppering in. And, you know, I mean, it's hard for me being a guru to get advice from people, you know. One of the people that I get to call and show my pictures too is the IFBB pro Dominic Cardo. And he's, he's been kind of like a friend to me and this helping me out letting me know, like, you know, you need to be more conditioned. You need to drop the water, you need to forget about thinking you're flat and, you know, eating carbs, which if you're, you know, training yourself, it's easy for you to say, I need a refeed or whatever. But when someone else takes a look at you and says, no, you need to drop more water and, you know, stay on the low carbs. Then you got to really assess it when it's somebody that knows what they're talking about. Like if you were to tell me the same thing. Sure. Are you, are you doing the same type of drug regimens that you've used in the past on your clients? Well, you know, I got to say that I think I've been a little bit unfair with some of my clients as far as the injectable routine. I attempted to, but I've noticed that it's just too much for you. It's too much, man. I know people are like, what does he mean? It's too much. I'm like, well, for one, I really wanted to find out exactly what was hurting. If there was something hurting, what was going to me, stuff. So I broke everything down into each drug, you know, so master on tremble on, you know, a prima ball and every different thing that I'm taking test propinate all those. And I look at each syringe and I'm thinking of myself, I don't, I don't really see how this is going to make me win. Like it's not. What's going to make me win is really cutting back on the eating of the carbs, doing more cardio, doing the stairs more for me. So you're a low carb guy, too. I'm not, but I need to be. And I think everybody does. I agree. Everyone, you know, people you know, and argue. Listen, the difference is that is, and I think we get to what, you know, my hell week and am I going to do my own hell week? I think is what we kind of like are getting towards. And it's like, what I be able to actually handle it and why did I create it? Why did I create it was not for other people? It was because I came in second at a show as a middle late at 18 right before the DC grand prix. It was two weeks and I really weren't to do something drastic to look better. I looked really good at 172. I came in second as a middle late and I was full and I looked good, but I didn't, I wasn't shredded. And, you know, I did this crazy hell week and I dropped down from 172 to 153.7 in the morning, all our plans. It was when we were in the morning though. Yeah, I was pretty much the one to stop. And, you know, I was peeled. I was peeled. Other crazy people thought I was smoking crack in the eyes. My friends were like, why does this face look like that? What's wrong with that? And so this hell week is kind of what I put myself through hell because I came in second. This is how I was a teenager, man. I came in second and I'm not going to go through hell or I will, I will, I will, I want to win or else. And so I did something that I absolutely knew nobody else would do. It was, it was insane, it was what it was. And then as a result of the way I looked, the first person that wanted me to help him was done long. He was there in the audience cheering for me, which was great because I had him, RJ. He, they were off from the gym, his whole crew, Kamali was there. I mean, it was great, they were all cheering. And then after that it was like, okay, well, you know, he really looked good for a kid. And then since then, it never really, I never really had that conditioning because I started helping other people. They went through the hell week and did really well, but also at the same time they weren't in shape like you were. Like when we saw you at the juniors, we were like, damn, each read it. And everybody was like, the guys that knew me were like, what do you think you did? I mean, what do you think you did? What dioradiest you think you did? No, they were all asking me, man, because we saw you were like, you know, he, his condition was so, you were so grainy. And at that time, you know, we didn't really see that too much even on the pro level. So it was very rare. And you know, I was wondering whether you did something crazy like I did. And then come to find out, no, nobody really did anything like that. And you know, I don't know if it didn't work on some people sometimes. I got to tell you there, there's like Abbas Kitami who I helped on multiple occasions. We did this multiple times. It did work great twice. It worked fantastic. Two other times it didn't work as well. And they were other contributing factors. And I don't want to really mention them right now. But it really has to be done precisely. And I think we could get into like what it involves like the thing. Yeah, well, you know, it's a crazy work ethic. But I think it works best on guys, you know, like a little on the, like the, the chubby side, like the Kamali. You know what I mean? There's a little bit or a little bit behind. Right, where is like, okay, for me, like I'm normally have really lean ass, like all the time. Like I have a Christmas tree that shows pretty much it's there, you know. And that's cool, but when it gets to my glutes and my hamstrings forget about it, man. They've got, they've got all the fat there of a 14 year old kid, man. I got to get rid of that shit. And so that means, you know, that any extra jeans, you got to up those. I got to drop all the stuff that's romanticizing. And I got to, you know, up the T3, even though that's not something that I would do, but in order to get rid of that, I got to do all the things that you got to do. And it's when people like me who don't have a lot of muscle mass, that's really what it boils down to, okay. Top ourselves into musins, I'm not full. No, that's bullshit, man. You didn't train hard enough. Well, I train my chest and I train to hard enough. If I train it heavy enough, I train my body heavy enough to know that if I, if I do shrink down to get rid of the fat, you know, the water misplacement is really what's going to be where it's at. I know when we talk about a diuretics and, and I talk about drugs like injectable asics, you, you're probably, say, well, there's no water being spared when you use a drug like injectable asics, which is the reason why it's created. It's created for pulmonary, deema, you're coming to the hospital, you're, there's tons of water around your heart. They put injectable asics and you put your dying and it gets rid of all the water in your body, cutting through your heart. And I want to state this because I have, I have a respect for the listeners and, and for everybody. This is something that I did and I've done on other people with myself right there. I do not recommend anybody trying this. And I want to say, I do think it's stupid. I really do. I, no, I mean, I've got, I've got a beyond, I mean, because I don't want, I don't want somebody to, to say that was this all necessary, this, that and the other. Probably not. Probably another month is sucking it up and dieting really, really hard. And, you know, utilizing stuff like good fats instead of carbs, really is where it's at, okay? But you really got to fight through that mentally and it's really difficult, and I'm not trying to give the cough out. But it's really difficult when kids drive you crazy, okay? I've never felt the craving to want to have something just simple like cream of rice, just because I want my son to stop talking for a minute or something, you know? And it's, it's, it's really, it's bad, man, because I've never, I've never really, I've never really, I always thought like I could psychologically push through it. So one of the things that was difficult for me even when I was younger was being able to cut out the carbs. And at that time, we didn't really know about fats. They, we did not in our side. On our side, we were doing just basically clean, start your carbs and low fat protein and, you know, insulin and stuff like that. That was off season. But when I came to getting ready for the shows, it was still just more cardio. We did clean carbs. We didn't really know about fats. Honestly, I didn't really know about fats too much until Tony told me what he learned from you. And then I learned a lot more about it from watching stuff. And I wasn't really doing fats back when you saw me in 95 between ashes. I didn't know about them then really. I was, I kind of learned about them in the fall. But probably 96 was the first year, because I over-died it for the USA. And I didn't realize what the, I couldn't figure out why it looked so bad. And then, I didn't really look bad. It was like two depleted. I was probably 10 pounds lighter than I should have been. And then for the nationals, I think it was eight weeks later. I just up my fats. You know, I was eating a lot of red meat and hamburgers and something like that. And soared fish and nuts. And I cut my carbs way back and I looked amazing. Like it was like my body just transformed. That's when I really knew. I had known it was the fats were necessary to grow. I didn't realize you should keep them in for dieting. He's nowhere never did that before. And that's when I really started first really discovering what they were all about. So yeah, I think you're right. I think, you know, to get in shape, you got a suffer. I did a whole heavy muscle radio show this past week. If you watched, listen to it or anyone else out there. Let's do it. Basically, just ranting for probably a good hour on why people today are just not willing to suffer. And if you suffer, and you're willing to go to the point of death, you know, I'm not in that literal death where you're taking drugs to kill yourself. I'm talking about suffering where you feel like you're going to die. Okay. That's how you should feel all the time. The fact that you sit down and it hurts, that means you're lean. Okay. That's how I would feel for the last two weeks before my show. Like I didn't want to sit on anything that was hard. Even a bed felt like too hard for me sometimes at night. And I would twist and turn because I just wasn't comfortable because that's how lean I was. That's where you want to go. A lot of people are not willing to do that. I just was texting with flex Lewis before about something trivial. But then we started talking about, you know, suffering and he's like, you know, I got it. It was 12 pounds to make the way class for the two 12 limpia. I don't know. I'm going to do it. It goes, I do it every year. But I said, look, you're willing to go where other people are not willing to go. And that's why you win the Olympia every year. You're willing to suffer. It's not like he's willing to take more drugs. That's stupid. He's willing to suffer because the drugs don't get you lean. So that it's the removal of the food and the cardio and the actual physical suffering. Because like you said earlier, most people when they feel that suffering coming on, what do they do? Oh, I got it. I'm going to carve up. I'm going to carve it. Well, they would carve. You know, you know, back in the day, I mean, just being honest, you know this because we're older now. It's different. You know, I think you've been helping that aspect. You know what? Put the hunger away, right? Yeah. Because you didn't think about it. You were just, you were numb to the feeling of whether or not you were hungry. Yeah. And at the same time because it had that, I don't feel anything. And it didn't suppress the respiratory system. How? You would still be able to work out or do cardio or do whatever in a fasted state. And that's, that's difficult to do without something psychologically. Some people can do it and there's no question about it. But no, when you do you add in the day of carbs every now and then? Yeah, yeah. I mean, as as people need it, I do it. When they just super flat. You made a good point. One is free up the new bathing thing again. You know, new bathing is if you're a drug addict, like you're like a narcotics addict, it's the worst drug for drug addicts because it doesn't make you that high. And it itself limits itself. So you take too much of it. You actually just feel sick. You don't, you, it doesn't make you any higher. So for a guy who's looking for a high, it's probably not a good drug. But for body, those it's a great drug because it gives you a little bit of a low grade feeling of okayness. It takes away your hunger, the problem is it's super addictive. So, you know, and then, you know, but that's not just that it's just if begins at whatever the cost is for a bottle. I don't know. Let's just say, let's say $60 a bottle. Okay. But then when you end up doing $60 every other day, it gets, it gets out of hand. And then there's another problem with it. It is don't be a person. And I'm saying this because this relates to me. That's one personality that should stay away from is, is someone who has an addiction type mentality for a person. Right. Without a doubt. It's a matter of fact, they shouldn't be on steroids in my opinion. Okay. You just walk in parallel with that. Yeah, there isn't really room for it. But also people that want to experiment. And the reason I'm seeing this is because Boston is one of those people. Okay. And, you know, you don't want to be somebody that you, you might feel, I was one of those people that felt like, you know, let's see what all these things in due chains book do. Let's see, you know, like, and that's where, you know, New Maine was one of them. But that's also where the injectable ASICS came in. I mean, he was, he was somebody that didn't speak negatively about it. Actually, it was, it was deemed one of the better diuretics by him. And I, and I can tell you why I feel that way. Who said, who, by hope? Dan Doochane. Oh, you've been to shame. Love that because it was so predictable. That's exactly why I like it. Yeah. I mean, it's just take the water out the very, very last minute. Well, you don't, the, the key, the key. Okay. You would have to use slow. Okay. Yeah. The problem with the idea, once again, the problem with, with injectable ASICS, and you can go, I don't, I'm going to let you talk about your whole routine in a minute, is that you don't know if you're losing potassium or sodium, so every, you have to supplement. Potassium is like, too many variables in there. And the problem is that most body balls are retarks. Okay. When it comes to figuring out mathematics. Absolutely. You know, if you're going to take, you know, a certain amount of CCs or a certain amount of milliliters, they would take double a triple that, not purposely, but because they just don't know how to figure things out. It happens to people all the time. I can't even believe how many people can't measure and figure out simple math equations. I have to do the math for these people, my clients. Or they help the wrong dose potassium. That's the thing. You can kill yourself with that. So it's easier to give someone a half a die as I, and you know, hey, you know what? If you need more, you get a little more. If they cramp, you know, it's a sodium cap. So it just makes things a lot easier and safer. But, you know, Dan liked to make things complicated because he was, he was into the experimenting and he liked the whole science of it. You, you, you, you, you, you have an extreme, diuretic routine. Use on certain people. Now, you don't use it on everyone. Explain what it was. And why do you felt it was so crazy? I, I think, I think that nobody else has done anything like this because we're going to have a whole body else has done anything like this because when I came up with it, it was an extreme. Everything was an extreme measure. And so basically, you know, like you're saying, I think we, I think we lost the kid. I mean, that first second, what's here, we got him back. If he does Skype for us on us. And we'll try to get him back. Maybe Tyler can call him back. While I'm talking. Yeah, but back in the day, people did a lot of crazy stuff. I mean, pulled the lat on stage had a number of diuretic issues. I think one of them was from taking injectable, uh, Lacex once and he just did too much. Or he took double when he should have, he didn't realize. You know, so you could really screw yourself up. So what we're trying to do is I'm trying to, we want to give responsible information here. But, you know, let's, you know, I mean, has his little routine. I wouldn't recommend anyone like he said do it alone. Um, I probably don't think it's, I don't think it's necessary. I think if you're in shit, there's no reason to do anything about extreme. But sometimes people fall behind and, uh, this some extreme measures need to be, you know, engaged. We'll let everyone find out he'll tell everyone his retain and I'll critique and tell him how nuts he is. But, by and by, I don't think he uses, uh, on most people. Now, you know, when you think about, you know, contests prep and you think about that last couple of days, it's ridiculous to think that you have to do extreme, extreme things. And I'm always a big believer in it and you've heard me say this before. If an April don't fix it, if you look great or make out, don't start doing 90 things because what happens is when you do that, in variable, you're going to screw yourself up. So the last you could change that last week, the more important. Now, we got to mean back, I mean, I was just kind of telling people, given them a little background on the whole routine. Who was the first person you used this extreme, uh, diuretic routine on? Um, I used something similar to this on Don Long, but it was with Al-Dak-Zai, or the, it was without Dak-Zai, and I think it was with Diyazai or Max-Zai for the, uh, Junior Nationalist. By the way, I wanted to just tell you, after the last interview, we did Don Long text to me and said, he absolutely did not work with you ever in the offseason. He never took insulin under your guidance. You know, he's, he's, he's, he's, that's what, just tell you what he said. That's fine. Uh, you just, you know, people have their own business, their own thing, and, you know, sometimes that rubbs people the wrong way, but it doesn't really matter. No, he's not that he said that he never used the drugs. He said he never, you never helped them to use the drugs. So I don't know if that's true or not. I'm just, I'm sort of, I'm sort of an authentication wanted to spew it out. You know, he, he, he got, he got upset when he saw Craig come to town. You know, he, he wasn't happy about that. Oh, he didn't like the fact that you were helping Craig to. He didn't like, he didn't like that I was helping Craig. I didn't like the fact that he didn't put me in flex. Um, you know, it was just one of those things. Oh, so it was like, it was like a bad, blood type of thing going on. I mean, you know, it, it, it, it's hard to really say there was a lot of other things that we're going on that they're like behind the scenes type stuff that was happening. Um, that kind of made everything kind of go its own way, you know. Craig was a bad seed when he came around. That wasn't good. Ultimately, you know, I mean, there was a stroke here at time where things were okay. But then he was coming to visit Richard and it was already when he was at a bad time setting people up and things like that. Um, but you know, work with someone is like, what we're doing like now, you know, well, when you're someone like Don and you've already worked with them and you give them a plan and you tell them this is what you do and they follow it. You know, but it's a difference of opinions, I guess, and it really doesn't really matter. The fact is that this is around the time when insulin was being used. Right. And all used it. Don used it. Come all the nose and everybody else knows that Don was someone that I was working with. And for whatever reasons that we had, it never really came out and flexed that we're working together. Right. Craig on the other hand, didn't have any issues with publicity or anything like that. Um, flew me out to, to Venice when he moved out there to do a photo shoot with Flex Magazine and introduce me to the bodybuilding world as his coach. And at that point, you were talking about insulin protocols that I was using on other people. Okay. We'll just leave it at that. Other people. And it worked on all of them. All right. Let's go back to let's get to the track and we can do other shows on the different protocols and some of that for different drugs. Let's stick to dioratics. What? What was the extreme? Uh, dioratic protocol and what would be the conditions under you? What you, you know, in other words, what kind of a person would you use it on? What would the situation be that you'd implot you didn't do that on everyone I assume, right? No, I didn't. Um, well, without, without, without calling out anybody that I don't say anything. Just tell us what the routine was. Yeah. Okay. So, once I was able to get my hands on injected elases, that's the first key right there. It wasn't even available. Most people wouldn't even get it for you. Even if they knew what it was, you couldn't get it out of pharmacy. That's the key. You could not get it out of pharmacy because it was injectable. They wouldn't order it. It was only available on ambulance or in a hospital. Usually in ER usually in ER pharmacy. That's where they kept it. So, you had to really have some good connection just to get it back then. Well, that connection fell into my lap. Some time around 92, 93. And I started using it in 94 on somebody for a competition. And it worked really well. And basically the protocol had to do with an extreme depletion. The, the, the, the, the diuretic protocol that I'm talking about now evolved from doing oral Diuretic to the injectable protocol. So, he evolved. The original depletion was still the same depletion. That's stable. Right. The most known manipulation beefed up, but it was based on the same plan, which was we were up, up, up, up, up, the task him before the show. Take out that tone a little bit, you know, lower the sodium, pull the water in, and then use that little bit of diaside. That was pretty much what it was then. The 100 rep card depletion zero carbs through the body into the point where it would be able to pull in the carbs. So that, you know, you know, you would, you would, the bleak light engine in the gym. Obviously, so that your body could raise the light engine in face and you could absorb carbs better. And sodium load. So it kind of looked really high like the tables of salt. It was grossed. So when would you cut sodium and when would you put your diet in these dioretics in there? What was the most interesting reason? The sodium was so high. Literally, I was having people put a tablespoon of salt and some water like this and just drink it and, you know, drink some more water behind it. So there was a lot of salt being used. And it took usually about three days for the salt to leave the body. At least three days full day. There's three and a half days prior to the show. There was an all-out shift from sodium loading to an all-out shift in sodium depletion. Okay. Then let's say, for like the first day, that's just focusing on the depletion of sodium. Not really dioretics, glycogen loading is fine. The second day is when you start pulling the water in and start adding in the potassium that you're going to later get rid of with inject the glycics. So the second day you start loading on potassium. And I'm not talking about potassium that you buy from the grocery store or the GMC or whatever. I'm talking about pharmaceutical potassium that is made for people that take oral drugs like LASICs or Bumics or Luke Diarratic like, you know, demodex or anything like that. And so this is a time release potassium chloride, which releases over about 8 to 12 hours and there are differences strengths. Some of these also are potassium chloride that you can add to a water and you can drink it and it's immediate potassium chloride. But the key is it's potassium chloride. And they're usually go by K, do work, K, light, K, lower, slow K. Those are the different ones that we have in America. And so at this point, I just want to stop you for a second. I don't mean to interrupt. I just want to say, if you take slow K and you're not taking a diorated, because it's potassium loss, you can be in big trouble. And what people tell that? Well, let's say this beforehand, let's identify with that big trouble. That big trouble is a heart attack. Right. Yes, because the potassium will make your heart stop. Okay. And so basically what happens is we have a small window that you can load the potassium before it becomes dangerous. Right. At that point, then you have time release potassium in you. And because you're posing every time you eat, you can feel whether your hands are cramping or anything like that. The minute your body doesn't release when you flex. And like I said, you're flexing every couple of hours. So it's the best gauge that we have. Sure. And flex is hard as you can. The minute you don't release when you do like if you do a front double advice that and you don't when you release, it still tries to pull on you. That means your potassium levels are through the roofs. And at that point right then, that's when the injectable laser is actually needed. So it's probably the potassium loadings more dangerous than the injectable laser. But at this point, what happens is potassium chloride holds the water in the cell. And the injectable laser excluses out anything that's so cute. Now it is a loop diuretic, which means it gets rid of potassium and sodium. It's going to assist in the sodium depletion. And as far as the potassium loading that we did, it'll shave off what was extra. And you'll still be have enough potassium but not any extra. Now that the trick is, is how many times do you repeat this process before you step on stage? Every time you do it, each time you do it, you're not going to be able to have a bowel movement. So you're drying out your intestines, you're not, you can't have a bowel movement. So you have to have all of that done and all the loading done before you introduce any sort of diuretics. Because the minute you do, I mean, I don't know about you with the most people that I've worked with, you're constipated. Yeah, what I do is I have them use my fiber-lies product, the whole diet. But I have them increasingly three times a day when they start using diuretics. And that seems to help them go a little better. Because it keeps, it pulls fluid into the intestinal tract and makes everything move a little better. I found that that seems to work really well. It was something that I used, that I used at the end because I always feel like I couldn't move my bowel. It was something that I fought with my whole life as an athlete right before a race. Because I used to run road races when I was a track runner in the morning. And I could never get to my body going to the bathroom and drove me fucking nuts. And the same reason because you dehydrated in the morning. And there's just no time to really hydrate. So when I was bodybuilding, I was discovering the same thing. That's why I loved when I moved to the portion of my career where I was competing usually on Friday nights. At the night show, pre-judges were great because I was able to get everything moving by the nighttime. It's really hard when you have to get on stage at 9 a.m. to get everything moving. Like you said, but these days I re-bodyved at the night before three times. The day before seems to work really well at doing that. And you don't get any sleep usually the night before. Yeah, no. It's be realistic, you know. You're either peeing all night if you took a diet or you're just hamped up because you're about to compete or you've got a very good You know, it's one thing. And that actually interferes with the bowel. You know, it's not to tell you get a chance to relax and calm down that your your insights can actually release, you know. I tell everyone to take a, I'm not into sleeping pills. I tell everyone to make some zanx the last couple days just to just to make sure you sleep at night. You're right. The water and the carbs don't go to the right compartments when you're not resting. But you have too much cortisol around. The stress hormone. Yeah. You know, I mean, if you're stressed out, people don't realize it. You know, that's why I'm going early. I'm going, I'm going a little over a week early just so that I can deplete there and not have my cortisol levels high. And not worry about any of that because, you know, around the kids and the wife and all that. And, you know, all the school you got the teacher parent conference and they each who have to do if you're here, you can't just ditch out on them, you know. And and or else you look like a loser to the teachers. That's the worst thing. You know, it's not like. Hey, well, I do you two, yeah, whatever, you're, you're not a good dad, you know. Yeah, yeah. I'll have a third. I think if I could have people that didn't have that that that stubborn. And in fact that they can't get rid of or sub to water or whatever, you know, like around the glutes or some people just don't get their lower abs, Tited and something like that. You know, this may be again, I'm not suggesting this because it can kill you. So how much do you inject? How much less, like you're injecting? Okay, so each ampoule is 20 milligrams to MLs. I think they're 10, I believe this is right. They're 10 milligrams per ML. One CC will not make you crap if you do like one slow K before it like, you know, and it has to be in you, okay? That's, that's okay, but that's just one isolated incident, okay? If you potassium low and your fingers lock up or your toes lock up when you're flexing, then you need two CCs. You need it. You have to get rid of some of that potassium. Now there's a good and a bad side to that. The bad side is of course you have to do all this, which is all on itself, like I said, it's stupid, okay? Now, I mean, if this makes the difference between winning and losing, and we've got to talk about this for a set for the people out there to understand about the genetics thing, okay? Because I don't have good genetics, my brother does, there's a big difference, you do, you know what I mean? And so when someone like me wants to kind of like compete and look as good as older brother, you know, I have to pull out all the tricks that he doesn't need, you know? So there's an automatic, you already have an understanding that you have to do something in order to step on that stage of look as good as these other guys who have a better body to begin with. And like I was in the other, the gym the other day watching Phil Heath work out. I mean, we just happened to be training hamstrings when I was training a cloth. And I don't know what happened, I don't know who he was talking to, but at the end of his work out, or he stopped his work out, and was talking to someone, I look because I was wanted to know when he was going to eat. You know, because I'm curious, this guy's the best in the world, I want to know when he can eat, you know? Maybe he's not eating, maybe that's a bad thing, maybe I got it all wrong, I don't know. He's the best, I just wanted to look at him, you know, he knows who I am anyway, so I say hi, I say hi, and I'm looking. Unless he ate and I didn't see it, it was like over 25 minutes that he had meat and I walked by him. And I asked him, I said, don't you have to eat because now I'm alright, man, I'm like man, you're different. It's a very, very, very, very, very good. And I really don't think it's that important to him, like I engraved into the people that I helped, that you have to be able to take to this about the food, you have to be, you know, like this and like that. And then you come across some guys that they cheat on their diets, they don't look good and, you know, they have such good shape that they still beat the guy that trains his ass off and it's really hard. And you know, at the end of the day, you have to ask yourself whether you're genetically built for this or not. And I think that's where bodybuilding did good by making different categories because you know, you may not be genetically gifted for bodybuilding and I'm not, you know what I mean? That doesn't mean I don't know what I'm talking about. It just means I myself have done routines given them the people and seen with my own eyes that they work much better on 99% of the people that I'm talking about. That means if this is evident, if you look at my Facebook picture, you can see on the skiniest more, you know. But so for me, no, Dave, honestly, just to be like this right now, just to even look like this is incredible for me, you know. I know that I can only take so much drugs. I'm happy about that, you know, I have all my hair. I mean. I guess I guess I'm happy. I don't have a big stomach. I could do a vacuum. I know. Let's go back. I just want to just finish off this this diuretic routine. I know we're getting a little distracted. So you'll use 10 to 20 milligrams of injectal lacix per run. How many times you have to do this to people when do you start that? You started the day before. So the most I've ever used on anybody and I want to again, we're not here to mention a name is or anything, but he did win the whole show. And it was a very big show. It was nine C C's total. There's always a one C C tester. This isn't IV by the way, guys. I don't want anybody to think we're shooting up. We're not. We're not. Where are you? In the shoulder sub to yeah, it does burn a little bit, but it doesn't burn as much as new band. It's not that bad. I heard a lot of people do it. It's usually done IV now. I mean, I just, you know, I got over that whole thing. Okay. And so once I got over it, I was like, you know, and don't really reason to do it is if you're going to use an IV. And then you already have one line and you have an additional one, you can add anything to. You could just clear and do it. That's okay. That makes sense. But once you stop thinking about sticking the needle in the vein, you know, from the new vein and stuff like that, you know that it's a matter of timing, and it's just a matter of minutes different. And if you know the curve and everything like that, you just, you work on that versus the the facts on me. I'd be, you know. So how do you know with another one? So you just keep how often do you decide, hey, you know what? I need to do more. How does what what's your determining factor at that point? And are you using any oral, you know, directs in addition or is it just a LASICS? Thank you for asking that because I do. I actually do out that tone 25 milligrams and I usually do about four a day for three days. Like that's that's part of the sodium depletion and potassium loading. Now, it's important to understand that the alfactone is just used to assist in sodium blocking and potassium loading. I don't really care about it as a diuretic. It's not mild when using a jug of LASICS. Injectable LASICS frequency cannot be used sooner than eight hours. So there's only three times you can do it during the day. That's it. And if you do it too close to the evening, you're going to be up on my peeing and I found that that's counterproductive. So there's really only two good times you can do it. So let's just figure the tester and then one two three four five six seven eight. Okay, is what it was and let me explain in the nine C C. And how long will you pee for? And how long is it last in your system once it gets in there? With the potassium loading, you get about two good urine clothes. Of course the first one's greater than the second one and you could time them. They're usually about 12 minutes after the injection. Oh, wow, it sounds quick. It's about a doctor. I mean, it's pretty standard with everybody. And you can, as long as they haven't already had a full urination, you know, given that we're talking about an hour. Okay, so an hour, that's pretty much what's going to happen. Either way, they're going to have a urination at 12 minutes. It works that quickly. It makes the kidneys release. So you have to already have an excess of the amount of potassium. And a lot of times, just to be safe, if there's not cramping involved, because that's a really extreme measurement at that point. That means you've kind of already let it go too far. You know what I mean? But so we do a little bit of the oral, like the K-Lore, or, you know, the oral, a progressive monitor, someone of those. The quick release potassium chloride with, you know, right then. And then you do the injectable laser, maybe like five minutes later. And then that potassium is going to be pretty much readily available later on after this is drained you son, after the injectable laser to the grain you. So I don't really find it to be, and I find the oral to be more unpredictable and dangerous. They come in 80 and 40 milligrams. And I've used those two. I don't like them at all at all. I mean, for the main reason of you, Dave, like I know, I know it's a drug you're against, but I think you're more against stupidity than the drug. Because you would pick a gelatine in oral and you did. Yeah, I would, I would give him people, uh, a laser expels who just couldn't get any dies. But I use so little fewer of them that, you know, you don't need to use potassium if you're using 20 milligrams of laser twice a day, you know, for the whole prep. And just the last day of the prep. Yeah, but I mean, when you start doing extreme amounts, obviously, especially injectable, you're going to need some potassium. But you don't really need that. So yeah, I think, I think not anything in moderation is not really dangerous. And I think it's when you do extreme things. But, you know, we talked about earlier. Some of these competitors are water buffaloes. If they've never seen, you know, look, I don't, I never helped Ky Green, but I know Ky Green had a lot of trouble. He's a guy who could lose 25 pounds of water, you know, three days before a show and go from looking okay to looking amazing. Some guys, and I'm not going to stare, I don't want to stare you type, but I've noticed a lot of African American guys. I've noticed a lot of people are going to be there. They seem to be more resilient to the dioratics, we have to actually give them more. You know, is that? I've noticed in particular, the darker-skinned people, the darkest ones, because when I've worked with them the past, they were the ones that had the issues of getting rid of that water. That last bit of water. They could, they just needed a little something stronger. And then they did it all great. So, if you had to give a final piece of advice, and we'll continue this guru talk at another week or so, final piece of advice is to what dioratics scheme you should go with. You just did this whole, you know, spiel, what would it be? I have a feeling you're still saying go, you don't want to bother it. I don't think that I don't think inject the basics is needed at all, unless you have gone through the whole process. It's not something that you just want to be like at the last few days, be like, let me just locate and try to inject the basics. I don't recommend that. So, let me just be clear on this. The whole process is you have to throw yourself so out of whack. You have, and not only do you have to, you play mind games on yourself. You start thinking this isn't going to work. I look like, you're sodium-loading and cardimulating. You look like absolute shit. I mean, you become so smooth, so soft. Everything goes away. You have no, even if you're taking halatester and whatever, the muscle still loses its own, it's gone. You know, if you get all the glycogen out, you do it right. Yeah. It's just to have to be mentally focused to know that it's going to be better when you carve up for four days or so. You know, depending on who you are. And so, when you do this with the excessive amount of sodium, I mean, I've heard you do talking about just recently on the radio talk show. I don't know about how you believe it. You should have more sodium in your dust, right? Absolutely. I never cut sodium until last day. I have high sodium in the whole diet. Right. So, what is high to you? Because I don't know what high is, any more. So often, you're meals, putting soy sauce on your food, not restricting salt whatsoever. But so, you would still consider like adding a tablespoon of salt on some water and drinking salt, salt loading, right? You know what? I think a lot of people need to do that because a lot of people just don't like to put salt on their food. I have to have my guys sometimes forcibly eat salt. And like, I was always a guy when I dieted and I loved salt. I put it on my own, I put soy sauce and everything, especially when I was a little car, but it just makes things taste good. And I just create, it's like my body craved the sodium. Some people just hate the taste of sodium. I don't know why, because I'm the opposite. But those people, I actually hate drinking water like you do, like you just said. And this was the only way to actually get more in because at the end of the day, we were trying to figure it was like four plus grams. So it was quite a bit. You know, we were trying to figure, but it was sodium chloride. It was tapasol. So we loaded on table salt, which is what you lose back in the day because we didn't have sea salt when we were in the day. No, yeah, yeah. Everyone used to struggle. So who could afford sea salt? I was too worried about my humans, you know? You think there's any difference as far as making you whole water? No, I think it's exactly what I'm saying. The only advantage of table salt is its iodized, which is good for the body. Yeah, which people don't get from the sea salt. They can pick out. Yeah, I don't know. They should add it to it, but they can't. I mean, you know, you know, you're going to get an email from someone right after this show goes up and they're going to say, I want to hire you. I want to do the whole injectable lasics routine. They're extreme people. It'll probably be Boston, Lloyd, who's the one who could contact you, so you can go and do it. And you'll be like, Boston, are you competing? He's like, no, but I'll get ready for Saturday and morning, you know, Quartone. So is this something that you would do with people nowadays or you've done with the injectable lasics? No, no, no, no. So, okay, let me just think this because I know that this is going to blow the lid off everybody. And I don't need to. So I'm not trying, okay, Dave, I know you're laughing like, oh, okay, yeah, this guy, you know, he's been going for years. He comes back. He fucking knows Roger Stone. No, this shit. Yeah, I want to get to Roger Stone. That's why I'm I'm. I'm not trying to like, up, upstage any winner, but I found a way to do this, safe and to make sure that there's not, there's no mistakes to say, okay? And this is, this is even more complicated. And again, you can't get this. So, you know, don't, don't try to get something you can't get. Just listen your time. But let's face it and you and I both know when everything goes wrong and I'll let you say it, okay? Because you already know me. When everything goes wrong, what do they do? What do they give you? They play in the couch. No, no, no, no, that's the fourth. What do they do to you? What do you get when things go wrong? Like an idea bag. They give you sugar and salt. Yeah, right. You get an idea bag. You get sugar and salt. And once they take that thing out, you look at yourself in the me here and you're like, fuck, if I would have just looked like this, I would have won the overall. He laughed because he knows how true this is. Like it happens so much. Because then, so then you have the other people that that they don't have to go through this. They're smart enough because maybe they got a coach and their coach sells them, dude, your metabolism's going, shit. He's fucking everything. Go, Pete's whatever. You need it all. You need it. And they do that and then the direct doesn't kill him and they look good, whatever. With this whole thing, there is a way to do this and actually peak if you don't overdo it. And the only way not to overdo it is to have an ID bag. Okay. With that being said, okay. Obviously, the best in the world are not doing this. Okay. I promise you, I saw the best in the world. I saw him. He ain't fucking Pete, man. I was watching him. I don't know. Maybe that's what honey's got to do in that day. Maybe Phil's going to get mad at me next time. Not, man. He's the best to me, man. He's so gifted that you know, and even with you, you're conditioning. You weren't like that a couple weeks before the show always weren't you? Yeah, but I was in a radically focused and scientific about everything I was putting in my body. I wasn't just half-hassily shit. I was like, you know, I was a man. I was your primary coach. You had tissue thin skin everywhere when I saw you. I just died in really hard, and I wasn't afraid to push to that limit where I was. Look, I knew it. When I interviewed Dory and Yates, he said something that really wrong true with me and resonated with me. He said, I wanted to go beyond what these guys were doing. I didn't want to just be as lean as everyone else. I needed to go to the next level of leanness. And that's the way I heard him say that. When I heard him say that, Dory did you push it with crazy drugs, though? Well, he died and just pushed it and died and he had a hard, you know? We don't know what he did. I'm sure he probably did a very conservative, you know, a Democratic, a Democratic, a position. But the bottom line is that he was in such good shape before he did that. He didn't have to do anything extreme. Now, in the 90s, I was actually, you know, following a Bob Grushkin routine. I was actually using some aldactone. But I found at some point that it was actually flat in the Addil little too much. After four days, no good. Yeah. So I stopped doing that, the whole aldactone routine. And I just did the die-asides at the end. And they seem to work really well on my body. I want to agree with you that on the general, I think the die-aside, the maxide was a good drug too, but they're both the same thing. It dies. Yeah, it is probably the safest thing. And really you should be ready to add it to the time. And the God on his truth is that I have so much more new muscle army now that I'd ever had before because I'd never really had to do shows on growth. And I didn't have these drugs. I had them, but I was given another people. I wasn't taking them myself. I was more scared, man. I was scared of my body looking funny because I was already past the point where some of my bones were sealed, but then some of them weren't. Because I was still in my teens. And I have real growth. And it's like, you know, I didn't want to do it. Now, I had other people around me do it, including my brother, got phenomenal results. He was one of the best people that I worked with got phenomenal results. And you can see his YouTube video, a dean of lie on YouTube, his Bosnia routine, his other space, and his condition. And I don't want to, he's my brother. And I'm not calling anyone out because I want everybody to know what happened. Okay? There was two instances of cramping with the injectable basics. Can I get into this really quick? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. My brother was one of them. And he was the first. He asked me if I could get him to make heavy weights at the southern states in 94. I couldn't do it. And I tried really hard. I used injectable basics. I still couldn't do it. He just wouldn't lose the weight. I'm telling you, his condition was unreal. Yeah. And he was not going to get flat because I had loaded so much potassium. But every time I would give him a lay thing, I knew I had to give him a little bit more potassium. And the middle of the night, the night before the show, we were thinking that, and these at shows Dave, you remember you could weigh in the night before, and the morning up, and you could really press the weighons. They were kind of let you to the last minute. And he started cramping in the middle of the night. I was in the bed right next to him. First, his abs cramped. Then his legs cramped. His quad cramped. So he was like this with his legs locked out. Then his hamstrings cramped. While his abs were cramping. And his chest started cramping too. I started flipping the fuck out. I didn't have an IV bag. I knew you'd finish either. It already died. This is my brother. I was very fucking scared. Okay. My instincts kicked in. I grabbed the saline solution bottle. Took the top off. Took the big needle. Suck it all the way up. And I gave it to him. And instantly the cramps went away. And it stopped. And I said, dude, I'm not doing this anymore. I love you. But we can't do this. This is it. You're not going to get any better. And just be thankful that you're still not flat. And I can't. What do you think, I weigh? I said, I don't know, man. Maybe we might have made it. I don't know because he looked like he swept it a lot. He looked a whole lot better after all. And I had shitty still look a whole lot better. And no, dude, he was still 204. It was like what can fuck, you know. So that's when we met Dexter. And ever since then, he always remembered my brother from the show and me. And I met it. And I asked him Dexter after the show. And without calling out Dexter anything like that, I was devastated to find out what little he did for that show. I've had my brother with all this shit. And I'm like, and I scratched my head and I told my brother, that man's going to be Mr. Olympia. And a few years if he keeps this up. Because there's no way. I know he's not lying to me. But that's, you know, that's insane. You know. And, you know, that's what happened. Then he became Mr. Olympia. And every now and then I see him and he still remembers. But that's what we went through. And that was one. The second time of cramping was Abbas. And I want to say this because he didn't cramp when we did it. He cramp afterward. Okay. I told him when he was drinking. He didn't he came in fourth. I think that the USA is this year that year. And he was out and drinking iced tea. And he had a couple of these big iced teas. And he was drinking. And I was telling his friends. Kind of like for, practically, you know, like, you know, like getting on their nerves because I'm more nerdy. You know, like, you know, tell him to stop. He's got to end their clapping and they're like, who do he's fine. This shows over relaxed. Yeah. Go have some food. You know, just chill out. It's okay, man. And I'm like, no, you don't understand. He's going to start cramping because the water. And I'm trying to explain it to him. They're like, dude, just relax. And then I'm trying to like find me and eat or something. You know, like anybody got weed for this guy. I don't know. I don't, I'm like, okay, all right. I'll calm down. I guess he's okay. We get to the hotel lobby. We're literally 50 feet away from the from the hotel lobby elevator. And all of a sudden, he starts swapping cramping hard. His hamstring's like behind him. You know, both his hamstrings cramped up behind him. Two of his best friends were one of these side carrying him. Well, I'm running to the elevator to like get the door open and get his ass inside. Get up to the room. We're getting it. Oh, my give me the key. I got to get some shit out the room. And I'm like, I'm like, I'm this is seriously. It was one hell of a scene. It was, it was pretty intense because I mean, I have a lot of people doing those, but he's my cousin. And yeah, he's my cousin. And so I was really worried. You know, what's going to happen, man? She's cramping. It's all over. So I got the one CC. This is the extra CC. The one CC, the injective LASICs. He's cramping. They sit him down and I'm like, okay, give me your arm. He's like, what the fuck are you going to do? And I have a CC of injective LASICs. And he's literally like, not going to let me give it to him. And I'm trying to convince him, listen to this shit. I'm trying to convince him that he's cramping because too much water is now forcing to sell from the potassium loading that we're doing. And we must use injective LASICs. I be right now in order to bring him to stop cramping. Right now. Yeah, he didn't blame you. He let me do it. I swear to God, you can ask him this. He let me do it within a matter of 30 fucking seconds. His whole body of release up. And then about a minute later, he took a piss. And he was like, how did you know? How did you know that that was going to stop it? And I'm like, man, that's why they call me the bad side. I mean, before we go, the good story, by the way. Before we go, Rajasthan, one of your very good friends, he seems to be public enemy number one of the government now. Is he going to go to jail? What's going on? I sure hope not, man. A lot of people don't know about Roger and about, you know, what he stands for. He's a, he's a libertarian. You know, so he stands for small government. People not in our business. He wants us to have the rights to be able to use steroids, groul form on, you know. He thinks these things should be legal, okay? So in a lot of ways, you know, a lot of people who are in body building. And by the way, he loves to support a body building. They have similar ideas to him. He is a political strategist and his whole life, all he's done for a living is make people president. Right. It's not just true. I mean, this goes, what do you know? No, I know. I know what you interviewed. You got him on the show with us. Yeah. I'm so, we can't, I can't get personally involved with what his career choice is. Let's just think about that for a minute, guys. You know, so he may Trump president. So what? He actually in ways to support Obama and before that Reagan and before that Bush and before that Nixon, who gives this shit what he's good at, that's his job. When he's training, if he pushes to failure and he eats the way I tell him to and he looks good and doesn't lie to me, he's a good client. That's what it boils down to. Now, we became friends over the years. And I've seen how politics is dirty and nasty. And then I've seen how people call him a racist and people call him all these negative things. But, you know, I've been through tough times. And I've had to lean on my friend for money. And there's been a couple of occasions where I've called him up, literally like during the campaign. And he's like, this is the worst timing. And I'm like, you know, I really need a few grand right now. Things didn't work out this month. You know, I only take a few clients, a couple of them didn't sign, whatever, whatever. And it just threw everything out of whack. And he's like, yeah, man, I'll take care of you. So he's a solid guy. He's never been a racist to me. And I hope he doesn't go to jail. And they have to have something for him to go to jail. And he tells me that there is no evidence. Now, I don't know whether that means, I mean, I did it, but there's no evidence. I don't know. I'm not stating that, okay. But the kind of person that he is, you know, he asked me to come down to four to after the show and hang out with him. You know, that's what he said. And come out because I could use to train with you and chill with you and work out with you and stuff like that. I haven't been as a system so many years, but they are doing some kind of a witch hunt. And Andrew Miller is a friend of mine. He's Rogers former assistant. This guy's father was married to his secretary, okay? We were friends. We used to go out on his boat and stuff when I lived in Miami. This is when I wasn't training bodybuilders other than talking to Tony and stuff. And, you know, they're going after his personal friends and stuff. They haven't bothered me. I don't think they are going to bother me. I don't have any significant incident other than just being his friend. But like I said, you know, they, they're does seem to be some sort of hatred between the FBI administrator and the administration and the people surrounding the administration, you know, it's, it's, it's sad. So it's sad. We, we wish him the best and obviously, you know, I got his, his stone cold shirt. He sent me so that's great. I was like, I got his too. I don't like it. It's not a good bodybuilding cut. No, it's one of those stiff fixtures. Yeah, I want to, you've got to make some soft at once. Like this iron asylum, Alaska shirt. I got onto the, yeah, I like that one. That's what you want to do. Anyway, well, I mean, thank you so much for, for joining us today. And obviously, sharing some of your stories and we'll bring you back. We've got to talk about some insulin new insulin protocols. We're going to be bringing up. We'll probably get collect Nelson on the talk about it as well. And we'll do another episode of this and good luck. You're showing keep us up there. Thank you. I wanted to just tell you really quick that if people want to follow some of this stuff that I'm doing, I'm not obviously putting it on YouTube because YouTube will take it down. And there's just no need for my family to be seeing this shit. This straight up. I don't want my family seeing me, you know, needles and stuff. This, I don't, I don't need it. Now, on the other hand, if you guys are interested in whether or not I do the injectable basics, do the IB Bank, do the whole mind yards, and what happens down at the North Americans, then you can get on to my website, guruameenelai.com. You can check under the membership. The membership is free and then go to the mad scientist. And it's $40 a month. And it will give you access to all the videos in the past and going forward. It's a revolving thing. You can pull up, put back in whenever you want if you want to. And if you have any questions, you can add them to the video. And I'll do a two-and-a answering the questions on the videos. All right. It sounds great. Great start resource and information. And we always love that. But that is going to take us to the end of another episode of live. We're brought to you by species nutrition. Visit speciesnutrition.com on Dave Pellonbo and we'll see you next time.