I'm going to be launching the tasty pastry for the Ocar Poptart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. Today is Thursday, July 15th, 2021. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. As the old saying goes, good things come to those who wait. And if your reflex Lewis fan, you better crush your fingers and hope that more good things are coming your way down the road. Because it looks like it's going to be a while before we see the former seven-time, two-12 Olympia champs step on to a bodybuilding stage again. A few days ago, Flex won on the record to say that he was officially pulling out of the Olympia for this second year in a row. Flex made the announcement on his YouTube channel where he essentially said that business in life need to come first right now. Which puts any plans of competing on the back burner for the foreseeable future. But with that said, where one door closes, another one opens and if Flex is closing the door and is Olympia dreams this year, it means there's one opening up somewhere else waiting for someone to walk through it. If you didn't know, it's Shark Week on Discovery Channel this week. I watched something last night about a new theory on how great whites might have been one of the main reasons for the megalodon going extinct. And that was kind of pretty interesting to you, or into sharks. And if that little shark tidbit didn't blow your mind, this should get the job done. I think we're going to see a Lionel Baikki come back at some point before the end of the year. Last week, Lionel's camp released a new photo of him from the back and it seems to be relatively recent. And this says you get from reading some of Lionel's comments, as I said he has every intention of being back on a bodybuilding stage, sometimes soon. Back when he was at the peak of his powers a few years ago, Lionel was wildly regarded as someone who had the potential to be a top-fivalent via finisher. So if you get himself together in time, now that Blacks Lewis is out of the picture, maybe this will be the year we see that come to fruition. After talking about it for months, it's hard to believe that the Chicago Pro will be here next weekend. We already know that this should be one of the most stacked Lion ups of the season, and that we're expecting to see a ton of headliners fill out every single division. If you look at some of the athletes, we're projected to see in the men's open. Seth Shaw is one of the names that jumps off the page to me as a potential star course contender. All the reports we hear coming out of Vegas say that he will be bigger and better shape than he was the last time we saw him on stage at the Tampa Pro last year. And the team feels like this could be potentially a breakout show for him. Seth's always had a great flow to his physique for someone to besides. So these as good as advertised, it'll be interesting to see if he can work his way to a top five finish. I know there are a lot of people looking forward to the Portugal Pro this weekend. And if you're a women's physique fan, this is the one you'll want to keep your eyes glued to because it looks like it's where we're going to see Danny Castillo make her season debut. Over the last week or so, Danny's team has released new updates detailing her progress heading into the show. And from the way it looks, this might be the best version of her that we've seen yet. When Danny's firing on all cylinders, she's without a doubt one of the most dangerous athletes in the division. And if she comes in looking anything close to her all time best, I don't know if anyone else in this lineup will have enough firepower to keep her down. And that does it. The yet another addition of muscle in the morning on Day full of elbow reminding you to always make sure to your passions and make sure to follow us on the Facebook Twitter and Instagram.