What's up, bodybuilding fans? Dave Palombo here with an RX muscle news update. Flex Lewis has announced on Instagram that this will be the last 212 competition of his career at the 2018 Mr. Olympia contest. He already has six titles under the belt and he says this will be his last and I know a lot of people are going to be upset about that and people are speculating whether this will be his last bodybuilding show period. You take a look at his Instagram here. You can see he says with a much speculation and rumor, I had to sit down with Lex Magazine to answer all the questions and obviously there's a full article available, but basically he says that this is one of the hardest decisions he ever had to make and to come with terms with his life. I guess he's kind of a conciduate that he's never competing again, but then he continues to say that this is finally time to say this 212 chapter is over. I'll be finishing with my last 212 show at this year's 2018 Olympia. To me that basically is just saying he's not doing the 212 anymore. I didn't hear any hints of retirement there. I'm thinking that maybe next year we'll see him in the open division. He's only in his early 30s at this point, so I can't see him retiring, but you never know because he continues to make very specific references to the fact that his family is very important to him. He obviously has children now and I know he loves them. I talked them on a regular basis to be a text and we talk about our kids all the time. I know his health is very important to him. I don't know if this is the end of his competition days or if he's just putting the 212 to rest because he really has nothing to prove anymore and maybe you want to see what he can do in the open class. He is a competitor after all. He is an athlete and he wants to see what he can do. I would if I were him, you know, cowfark and he went to. Can he went open and shows? I actually texted him last week or we were texting back and forth and I said hey I heard a rumor because someone had told me that he was retiring from the 212 division. This would be his last 212 event. He was going to do the open and he said who told you that and you know I gave him whatever. I think I told whoever said it. Somehow it came from E in Valier. I don't know how it came through there after one of my minions told me this. He said don't believe all the hype. He kind of tried to deflect me from exactly what was said and I thought it was pretty funny because I didn't really even believe it. It was true. But you know he kind of was evasive. He wrote well the room is for now just rumors and I really can't see past this Olympia. If I think about the open glass he goes my way cause up and I will be able to make the way class. I guess he was just kind of deflecting me he wanted to break the news himself. That's fine obviously, you know, he should be the ones to break it. Obviously he must have told a few people because people were talking about it. Once again I think it's good to have this fun to love to see flex in the open. I think the guy could win a couple of open shows. I don't know if he's going to win the Arnold of Olympia but he certainly could win some the regional shows in the pro ranks in the open division. Look at the guy's sister. You know, guys, did you know he did well? Jose Raymond did well in the open division. So flex is the chance of the champ so I can't imagine him not vying for a couple of titles he picks the right shows. But flex is one of the most dynamic people in our industry. He's the one of the most well-liked. I don't really know anyone who can say a bad word about the guy and he really wears his heart of the sleeves. I know he was really hurt by the death of the Dallas Macarvel last year. I think that flex has a really good balance in his life at this point in between his family and his career and all his businesses he's doing right now. So I suspect we'll see him compete in that open division. Maybe not next year, maybe the year after that, who knows? But I think that flex will be back. So this Olympia will be a special one. Can anyone beat him? I don't think so. I don't think anyone will take him out in this two-twelfth division. I just think he's having a tremendous, really hard time getting down to weight. I know he doesn't like the way he looks, probably when he makes the way because he's too depleted. And it's not the flex list you see two weeks after the show where he's all full and vain and hard. And that's the lucky ones are breaking through the stage. Because after all, as bodybuilders, we always want to look the best that we could possibly look who wants to have to like, you know, take away some of your muscle or take away some of your fullness just to make a way class. You do that in the amateurs and then when you hit the pros, you want to be the best that you can be. I mean, Lee Priest never had to do it to a 12. He was a guy who always brought his best to the stage and then have to worry about making weight. So I think flex list really wants to give it a go and see what he's got in the tank before he gets too old and then says, oh, I should have what I could have. And I think it's like I said, I think it's a good move. It'll be exciting for the industry and he'll probably become even more popular because of it. So best of luck at the Olympia Flex. So I know number seven is going to be in your on your trophy case sooner than later. And hopefully next year we'll see you on an open stage. For now, the Olympia Flex with an RX muscle, news update.