Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X-Box, our third year in a row, and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry. It's a low-car pop tart, we've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show this. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods, muscle in the morning. On day, Palombo and today is Tuesday, August 18th, 2020, and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Sometimes, as outsiders, we look at all the glitzing glamour that comes with success and it tricks us, and to thinking that people were looking at didn't really have to struggle and sacrifice as much as we have to get where they are. In some cases, that may be true, but for those of us who've been lucky enough to see Flex Lewis grow into the man and the champion that he's become, over the last 17 years, we know how difficult that journey has really been. And that's why this mission or this drive or whatever you want to call it to compete for an open Olympia title this year makes so much sense to the people who understand, because for Flex, the struggle in the sacrifice and the anxiety that comes with taking big swings is a new. It's part of the course. It's also why people shouldn't count him out, because he knows how to rise to the occasion when the odds are stacked against him. I forget who it was who told me their next move is always their best move. But at this point, I've known him at Roy, along enough to understand that for him, the whole next move best move thing is how we operate on a daily basis. A few days ago, sources told me that a myth was about to make a push for an Olympia bid, and that he was starting with the Savannah Pro next weekend. I was also told that a myth is planning to compete at the New York Pro the following weekend where the plan is to happen firing on all cylinders in the hopes that he can snag it and let be a qualification. The riders entire career amidst never been the type to pour anything less than a hundred percent into everything he does. So if you just stay true to who he is, and we'll see any reason why he wouldn't be a serious top five contender in both of these shows as long as he's on the money. Here's a pro tip for you. If you want to start making measurable progress towards your long-term goals, start making it a habit to physically write down three to five action steps that you're going to complete every single day. It might sound simple, but I promise you it works. Take a guy like Ronald Gordon for example, heading into the Tampa Pro a few weeks ago. His name probably didn't even register on the radar for most casual body-building fans because he was a second year pro who'd only competed once during his rookie season. But after you take an entire year of small action steps and add them all up, what you get is a top five fish and a lot of attention for being one of the most improved athletes in the lineup. You're talking about attention in action. Once you get those two things to align, most people would be amazed at what they can accomplish. For three years ago, I got really into Stoic philosophy, and there's one passage from a book I read that's managed to stick with me for whatever reason. It went something to the effect of the most important question a man can ask himself is how much pain is he willing to endure, which is really deep in profound if you think about it. I think powerful statements like that have the ability to flip a switch in people, sort of like what Phil Heath did for Sean Clarita. After Phil made his big comeback announcement, something clicked in Sean's head that shifted him into an entirely different year. Not that he wasn't willing to endure the pain before, he obviously was, but now it's almost like enduring that pain as part of a higher calling. And who knows, maybe it is. Maybe the end result of all this will be Sean standing alone on the Olympia stage with this hand raised in victory. And at that point, maybe all the pain he was willing to endure will start to make perfect sense. And that does it, yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning on day-pollumbo reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.