Welcome back to Bustle in the Morning. I'm Dave from Loveboy Today is Wednesday, August 8th, 2018. It looks fine that what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Ladies and gentlemen, let's jump right into recap Wednesday by talking about the only action in town last weekend. Tim Garner's at Tampa Pro. In the men's open Alexis Rullo and Nate History, when he became the first native born Puerto Rican citizen, the punches take it to the Olympia stage and what turned out to be an amazing win of a surgeo all leave a junior. And just as we predicted right here last week, the 2012 crown went to second year powerhouse Nicholas Bullyad. Alleen, a pulpit dominated from start to finish, as she put on the best women's bodybuilding performance we've seen in a long time. And repeat, or no, was absolutely brilliant in classic physique on his way to capturing his first win. And once again in the open bikini it was Canadian knockout, Lorolye Shapato's bringing home the win, with the over 40 bikini going to on swans, Ariel. Logan Franklin brought in the best look ever of his career to win in men's physique. And in the men's physique, over 40 it was Virginia's own Andrew Jenkins Jr. who brought home the gold back to sportsmen. Melissa Bumstedt, sword to victory, over what might have been the biggest figure line up of all time in an IFVV event and Cinderella Richardson took home top honors in figure over 40. And wrapping things up for the evening in women's physique with the statement when was not on an informal, ornal classic camp, Autumn Swanson. You want to be an entrepreneur, rule number one in business is making sure that you never leave a single stone unturned because the details always matter. And in the run-up for this year's bikini Olympia, I can promise you that nobody knows that better than perennial title threat, Casey Samsel, of the weekend we saw a Samselin or team drop a short clip from one of their latest leg day sessions where we catch the veteran starting to turn up the heat. Now that she's a little more than a month away from Showtime to our credit, Samsel's been awesome every time we've seen her this year. And with this year's bikini race shaping up to be one of the closest we've ever had, this is usually the time and the Thorbres like Samsel start to separate themselves from the path. The truth is great, Dr. Eric Thomas, success is never on discount. You always pay full price. And I bet you won't find raining and defending figure international champ, Candace Lewis, doing any effort trophy shopping in the clearance section. This week we saw one of the best in the business paying off under dues in the gym through the tune of a serious Monday morning leg session. Where we can start to see some of those flashes of brilliance peeking through that we saw a back at the start of the season. At this point I think it's a pretty well-established fact that Lewis is one of the most gifted athletes to ever step onto a figure stage. But if she wants to bring this thing full circle, and put herself up there with the rest of the elite athletes, she'll need to finish what she started by winning it all this year to really put that final stamp on her legacy. What just in case anyone out there thought that Flex Lewis was packing it in this year, since it's his last title run, let me be the first to say you guys were dead wrong. Unless you've been living under a rock then by now you've probably seen the latest round of official updates from Flex and his team that were released on Monday. They showed the greatest two-twelfth athlete of all time looking like a straight-up beast. Regardless of how you might feel about his impending retirement, when you look at what he's doing right now, knowing that this is his final ride, you can't help it admire the way he's single-handedly raised the bar for what's possible in the division. And I know that I personally can't wait to see him come out one last time and put on a show for the fans that I guarantee you no one there in the sold-out arena will ever forget. With all the hype in the ways that goes on sometimes in body building, at the end of the day, it's important to remember that this thing we all love is really about entertainment at the end of the day. And as far as I'm concerned, there aren't too many guys in the two-twelfth division who are more entertaining right now than second-year-man, Dwayne King Q, Quamina earlier on the week. The best trash talker in the division dropped a new update on his fans that probably brought a few smiles to some faces. To his credit, it looks like King Q might be on the way to delivering some of the promises he made back at the start of his prep. And if he really does end up coming in this year as a top-five finisher, this season could seriously end up being one of those changing of the guard moments. That does it the yet another addition of muscle in the morning. On day polonbo reminding you to always be sure to your passions and they should have followed us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.