watching What's up body building fans? Day Palabo here for another RX Muscle Special News Update on our 2018 RX Muscle Iron Road to the Olympia. And guess what? Flex Lewis is the name of today's update. If you've seen the pictures, you know what I'm talking about? I saw hit the ground when I saw it. Wow. 225 pounds shredded to the bone. All I thought was 1993, Dory Nights. That was it. If someone would have showed me this picture real quick and flashed across the screen, I would have said to myself, that's Dory Nights. I wouldn't even thought Flex Lewis. That's how good this picture is. This shows you why Flex is having so much trouble, okay? Making way. In the 2012 division, it's why Flex is leaving the 2012 division. I can guarantee that the guy can't make way. He texted me the other day and he was asking me some questions we were going back and forth. And he said, man, I got to lose 12 pounds. I don't know. I'm going to do it. I said, well, Flex, you know, you're a tough guy. You know, you can do or anything. I should do it. That's what makes you the best in the world. And I'm thinking, this guy's probably what's what's complainin about. He probably has some fat to lose, right? Then you see this picture and I understand now why he's rocking his brain. He has nothing to lose. There's nothing to lose. He only has a little bit of fluid to lose at this point. And that is very nerve wracking. Because that means he's probably going to have to sacrifice some muscle, some fullness, some roundness, some of that frakyness that he has right now. And this is the reason why he's leaving the 2012 class. He can't be as best. He's as best at 225 when he comes down to 225. He's still really good, but he is vulnerable to some of the shorter guys who have full around their muscle belly who don't have trouble making way. So it doesn't feel good to get up on stage and know you don't look your best. And that's a short what's going through flex Lewis's mind. Now he has nothing left to prove he's won the division at how many times now you know, a million times. And so he doesn't need to prove anything anymore. But yeah, he's big enough now that I think he realizes, hey, I could do some damage in the open division. If William Bonac could be third at the Olympian, that's not taking anything away from William Bonac. But he was a two-twelf guy. Why not flex Lewis? You know, I think he could certainly hang with those guys up there. And I think he could be a top five guy if he really poured his mind to it. From what I hear rumors, not coming from flex. I hear he's taking off 2019 next year and he's going to come back and do the Olympia in 2020, which would be about a two-year window when you wouldn't compete. I think that's a mistake. You know why? Because I don't think he needs to gain that much more muscle. If he can gain five pounds of muscle, which is an easy task for him, because he's been holding himself back because of this two-twelf weight limit, he could at two-thirty could be crazy dangerous on a pro stage. His height, you kidding me? He could certainly do the Tampa Pro next summer with that and be very dangerous at the Olympia for next year if you really wanted to. I have no doubt in my mind. There's no reason I have to wait. If you wanted to take off 2019 and then come back and do the Aron Classic in 2020 in the beginning of the year, I think that would be a good move. Imagine winning that show. What kind of momentum you got going into the Olympia? That later that year. I think that would be a very good move, but to be honest with you, I'd like to see him compete next year. I don't think he needs to wait at this point. He's not 24 years old anymore. He's got all the muscle he needs. He needs a little bit more. And I think he's very competitive and he could win almost every show. Maybe not the Arnold, maybe not the Olympia yet, but he certainly could win any other show out there. With his level of conditioning, we don't see this anymore. It's very right. The only person who has the level of conditioning that Flex Lewis has right now in those pictures is Phil Heath and Dexter Jackson when Dexter's 100%. Those are the guys that bring that ultra crazy dry looking freaky muscle to the stage. That's a rarity and flex is a really good poser. He's a good dynamic, stage presence, charismatic, he can certainly dominate on an open pro level at shows. Lee Priest did it. Lee wasn't as freaky as Flex was from behind. Lee had other body parts that might have been a little better, but he was winning one of the Iron Man, which was a huge show for him. That was in the back of the day when the guys were crazy good. I certainly think that Flex is ready for the open class. I think that maybe if he thinks about it a little more, he'll reconsider doing, and I don't know, we're speculating. This is all based on rumors that I know, of course. He might have every intention to compete next year. Now, what I would like to see at the Olympia this year, which I think would love to add a level of excitement, especially knowing that this is Flex's last year, would be a pose down, okay? A final pose down between the open, the 212, and if you want to throw the classic guy in the throw the classic guy in there as well. For you know what, pull 50 grand away from the open guys prize money. They need us and he's wanted $1,000, give them $350,000, and put $50,000 up for the overall winner at the very end of the show. If they get to people's chip, no one wants to hear the audience guys vote and vote anyway. It's not that exciting, okay? If you can get everyone at home around the world, that's a different story. But if you only get the audience members, it's not that exciting. What's exciting is the overall, and if you want to let the people in the audience vote for the overall, that's fine. Buy and far more than likely the opening guy is going to win it anyway, because he's just too big for the other guys. And if he doesn't get to his 50 grand back, then he was, you know, for fitting. It should always be like he has to put the 50 grand up to beat those two guys, because you know what? Who knows? Maybe Phil will narrowly win the Olympi this year, because everyone's off and he's off a little bit, flex to look amazing, and flex to win the overall. And get the 50 grand extra. Hey, the two-to-all guy in plastic guys, you get no money compared to the opening guy anyway, give these guys a chance. It's like a lottery ticket. If something happens if they look that great, and the other guys are off a little bit, maybe they can win the overall. Keep won't count towards anything other than an asterisk in the history books, but it'll be exciting. To me, that would be super exciting. I'd love to see Flex up there. Flex would pose as well. It would be the greatest, you know, posing exhibition you've ever seen from Flex. He'd be so excited up there. He'd have so much energy, he'd be pumped to get up there against the top guy in the world, whether it be Phil or if someone beats him this year, which is unlikely, but it's possible. I mean, come on. It would infuse this sport with energy, but you know what, even if it never happens when Flex goes to that open class, he's going to bring new life to the open. I'm telling you why, because people like him number one, he's very, very enthusiastic. He's got a tremendous amount of energy. We have yet to see the best of Flex lowest. I know that for a fact, because he's holding himself back, and people know this, and I think it Flex, while he makes it very good, living for himself, I'm sure, has never gotten the true rewards of a person, a bodybuild of his caliber deserves. Back in the day, in the 90s, he would have been competing with all the open guys all along, just like Sean Raid did. Sean Raid was winning the one on the honor of Classic. Why not Flex Lewis? So I think Flex has missed out on a lot of money, opportunities, and he's missed out on a lot of glory. Because let's face it. The end of the day, who really remembers the two 12 guys? You remember the open guys. My history, you know, you're back at sale, who won the Mr. Olympia? No one thinks, well, who won the two 12 Olympia? I think that Flex deserves to be in that open class. I think he's got a lot of talent. I think he's still young enough, and he can really shine, and I think he's just coming into his peak years now. Great move on his part. But I gotta tell you, that picture blew my mind. I'm sure Dory and H is looking to say, and holy macro, that looks familiar. Good luck up there at Olympia Flex. I know you'll make that 12 pounds, and I think you'll make history this year once again. Day of Plumbo here with a 2018 RX muscle iron road to the Olympia. Special update.