It's the weekend here at Muscle in the Morning and I'm day polo and going today is Friday July 6, 2018. It looks fine that what's going on in the world of body building and fitness. Hey, David, if you want to study the history of the world, what you really need to find yourself doing is studying the history of war. And by this time tomorrow, all eyes in the body building world will be on the proverbial war that's about to go down on the Chicago Postage between Surgeo and Liva Jr. and Justin Rodriguez. I don't know if it's been the feud, the haters' fear, or some combination of the three that's been motivating Jayrod over the back half of his prep. But I do know that my people close to the source tell me that he's on track to put together the best look of his career. And with the smoke finally clears at the end of the night show, it'll be a nail bite for sure as to who the last man standing will be. You know when most people think about what it means to win the Olympia crown, what they're really thinking about is standing up their on stage for one night and having their hand raised in front of the crown. But what they fail to realize is that it's the other 364 days of the year that you actually win the title. It's only in the singular moment that they hand you the prize. With six Olympia titles already lining the shelves in his trophy room, you're crazy if you don't think that Flex Lewis doesn't know that already. According to the Lewis camp, Flex has been grinding hard to the never and is quest to become just the sixth athlete ever to be crowned world champion seven stray times. So unless you believe somebody else out there has been hitting it hard of the Flex Lewis over the last 364 days, it looks like the road to number seven is clearer and it's ever been. I like to watch word documentaries on Netflix and it always seems like all the great military leaders have some sort of cool nickname. So I know I'm not the only one out there who thinks William the conqueror of Bonaq has a pretty nice ring to it. Right now the defending Arnold Classic champ looks like he's pulling in every last resource that he's got in preparation for this last stretch of his Olympia run. We're staring down the barrel of a history forced in his own right and defending seven time champion King Phil. But the thing history tells us about every great empire is that they eventually all fall. So for all we can do is sit back and speculate about whether or not this year will be the year that William the conqueror and his forces finally break through the gates. I'm honestly a pretty big fan of everything superhero and I did find myself sucked into the Transformer movies as well, which got me thinking about what kind of weapons we might see flexor trying to roll out of the arsenal this year. Even though the updates have been few and far between rumor hasn't been shown rodent is supposedly on pace to bring the best overall look of his career into this year's big dance. A few weeks ago a little birdie told me that rodent is already way ahead of where he was last year. And considering that 2017 was the first time he dropped out of the top four on the Olympia stage since 2011. I'd say that he's probably right where he needs to be. At this point I'm not sure. What it'll take for any of these guys to slow down Phil Heath, but I do know that a 110% Sean Rodin probably has a good shot as anyone. And finally we'd like to send a big get well soon shout out to our old friend Dennis James earlier this week DJ went under the knife to repair a torn rotator cuff. And take it from a guy who's had bad shoulders from more than two decades now when I tell you that I'm sure this was long overdue. Everything I've heard so far indicates that everything went as expected and DJ is already back home resting up waiting to start PT so we can get started on the road to recover it. And considering how much of a freak athlete James was back when he was at his peak of his powers, it wouldn't be the least bit surprise to these back in the gym doing crazy. Dennis James things again by this time as September rolls around. And that does it the end another edition of Bustle in the morning. I'm Dave Pullambo reminding you always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.