10th and 9th You're my and our Every for two guys who can't handle the truth The truth you can't handle the truth But we can't be Lombon Chris Asito Our Exfossil.com presents every muscle What are you? What's up? Welcome to another episode of Heavy Muscle Radio On Dave Alumbo and I'm joined As always by the Technician Chris Asito on this September 21st 2020 evening and Chris We're getting closer and closer to The Olympia time and we had Another big pro show this Best weekend or at least a Classic physique a pro show We'll talk about a little bit And the bodybuilding world Is kind of moving into September now And it was weird because You know this is the weekend That usually we go to the Olympia And I was getting a lot of things Popping up on my Facebook timeline Sticks is a UND I even put one up there And you had a funny comment But you know isn't it weird It's a Olympia time Normally and there's no Olympia Yeah it's totally weird It's just It's just You know it's odd Now that it's hit me like It's going to be December 20th Right By the time you come home from the Olympia whatever it's the 21st And I don't know what I'm going to do Like Quarantine in my house Because I'm going to go You know, quarantine two weeks I just don't bet in December Yeah Yeah You know So and who know you know It's just I mean there's still a lot of unknowns The shows coming up and Is there going to be an audience at the show I guess it's a big question of the week You know people have been talking about Rob A. Letton audience be at the show That's the question I guess that's a little bit more detailed Question is will City of Las Vegas So if I was state of Nevada Allow people to Right Come into You know I was watching football today Chiefs came I'm like oh there's an audience No it's just pipe didn't noise Like from the loosey I really that's weird Yeah that's a strange You know what I mean And it was like the crowd Just like the crowd was there And then it pan the audience And then there be nobody there That's bizarre Yeah That's kind of a little strange I You know It's weren't really in a brave new world I guess you could say I mean it's it's not there's nothing I know the world I cry Yeah We got this Right Yeah yes We still got a seat Blackman now to make fun of Yeah You know You know there's this guy online And we've talked about this before The channels I don't even want to give many kind of credit But he does some funny stuff My sugar daddy is still controlling His name is a channel It seems like it's a channel devoted to me for some reason He always is clipping old stuff A mine and putting up videos of mine I don't know what his obsession was mean But it's alright at least It's usually done in a positive light So I'm fine with it I can complain to the YouTube And tell the take the stuff down But I don't because you know I don't it doesn't that Doesn't I nothing really affects me Anywhere I don't really care about anything But he found a video He did like a It was called Steve Blackman versus Steve Blackman impression You saw you started right So you know what I'm talking about It's basically Steve Blackman doing some Ridiculous like videos that he does Nowadays That don't even know a lot of people It's seen and then there's like me doing an impression of him Like you know But the puppet with the blackman puppet It's like It's really It's really It's really It's really It's really It's really It's really It's really great Yeah because I can't Yeah, I can't make sure I can get the audio Like I had the high behind the puppet Because I was laughing too much Yeah I didn't make I just want people to I didn't make this This this is completely This guy Yeah It's not a creative content The current creative content The Vard's most ever There it is I thought it was like a tick talk Video with like a Like a voiceover or something I want I want it to play I hope you can people can get the audio but it's the best part. This is the most important right now I gotta make sure they can play the audio hold on. I wasn't sure. This was Miami a long island. I don't know where he is here. Hold on music. We can full screen. Can you see full screen? Yeah, there we go. I'll hold on. See you soon. I mean first thing is I can't hear the volume. Can you hear it? No. But I've listened to it so I know what he's gonna say. Gosh, it's even funny without the video. Look at the facial look. It's funny with first you're gonna watch him with Delphine, right? Hi, Affect facial expression. It's almost like a WWE off like the Grand Wizard or the you know, Freddie Glasse. Like very aggressive delivery. The research shows. How do I get the audio? The play? I figured it out before. I don't know what he did here. People are gonna comment on Dave Keating. We get the audio to play. I want my money back. Oh, that's right Dave. You don't charge anything from to watch a Delphine radio show. Anabadiol. Speaking of money back. I hear a lot of people wanted money back from that paper review Dave. Which one? The Cal Pro. Really? Yeah, a lot of people. Like majority at her. Wow. They're honoring it, too. They are. I hear it. Yeah, I heard. I was gonna ask my money back and I'm like, I just don't even have the time to get on the phone and send emails. I have to, I didn't, I didn't know contribute. I shouldn't, but I didn't. I wasn't going to watch the whole thing. I didn't really want to do it. But it wasn't a 20 bucks. I would definitely pay the money. I just started. I think I paid the bill. I would do it. I would pay it pretty much up to 100 bucks to support, you know, the live streams because I think that that's important in 2020 because people can't go see the show. And I don't want these promoters to not want to hold the show. But if you're going to charge, if you're going to charge a premium, though, you have to make sure that the production value is good. If you charge five bucks and the thing doesn't look that great, no one's going to complain. Right? I think my room is dark as the the pre-jet you was. I was going to turn all my lights off and do the radio show. But you know what I'm saying? In other words, if you have a, there might be a better business model charging less money and not, this way people's expectations are not as high and you might get more people, you know. Like if you're streaming something of super quality, you can you can charge a super price. Right. Well, if you're streaming something of terrible quality, again, end up giving people their money back. It's like going to a restaurant to get some reason our chef was blind today. Right. Well, look at, I mean Gary, you did a pretty good job. I mean he had a nice live stream, which was free by the way for the, for the, uh, I think he probably made a lot more money than they did at the, at the Calthrow, but because he had all those, those people in the show. But it was free, but he was streaming from a tent. Okay. So think about what the challenges of getting a good Wi-Fi and a tent are in a middle of a parking lot, Chris. Yeah. So I think he did, that should be, it's commendable, you know, but he was able to pull that off. Speaking of good promoters, I hear through the grapevine, Chris. I don't, I have no confirmation yet, but I hear through the grapevine that my good friends thief Carol, who's really not my good friend. I've been boycotting the NPC nationals going there, not the shell, but going there because he's the promoter of the last couple years. I hear he's not doing the nationals this year. It's been no one's really talking about it. It's been very quiet. I actually text a jam. I didn't hear back from him yet. So I'm not giving, I can't give you official stuff, but here's, let me see if I can pull up the video where he tried to have your recipe in the past. No, yeah, that's another time. But here's when you wait, when you can, when you can confirm it, then you can post that. Okay. Here's the new website, NPCchampionship.com. Okay. Now the, the old website was something different. This is the new website. So that means that, and I don't see stone cutter anywhere. And I hear through the grapevine that pad bets is doing it with someone else. I think I heard Joe Pishkula, who is, I wanted the district chairman in Florida. I don't know if that's true or not, so I don't want to put out any false information, but I, I think Carol's out. I think they got rid of him finally. I hope they did, which means that at some point not this year, but in the future, I will be going back to the NPCnashals again, because I, I feel that this is the right way to do it. They're, they're looking out for the athlete. They finally cleaned out. They told me they were going to get rid of them, but they said, you know, it wouldn't happen to me. They might have had a contract with them, Chris, for a couple years. Yeah. But he was bad news for that show. He was just bringing it down. He would, you couldn't, you bought a ticket. The tickets were 100 bucks for like pre-judging, because you buy a ticket. You, you couldn't come back in if you wanted to go out and get a soda for yourself or something like that. Yeah, you had to pay 100 bucks. Yeah, you have to buy another ticket. Yeah, that was not a great, really, really taken care of the people who buy tickets that show. Now it doesn't have to worry about it, because there's no one allowed to go in the show, right? You know what, he, he, he really did himself in, because just the fact that he had me, you know, escorted out by security, because I was back, because I was backstage legit, and I was interviewing people, I've got permission from jam, so he decided to kick me out and make a spectacle. But I have the video, I could still put it on the video. I have put the video up. I actually videoed Tyler video, and me as it was happening. I never put it up. So maybe now that he's out. Yeah, you show me, I think that, man, I'm putting up his like, just for, for posterity's day. Yeah. But you know what, they did a good job. I got to, I got to, I got to be, I don't know who's behind all this. I don't know if it's since Tyler, you know, man, he's gotten in there, which is, Jay, I'm son in the Jim, man, he's grandson. Now that he's the vice president in there, and you know, some people might not like that because he's young, but I think it's good. I think young ideas are good for the sport, and I think it's now that he's in there, and he sees some of this crap that was going on. I think he's like, hey, Grandpa, let's get, let's get these guys out of there. Let's get some fresh blood in there. I want, I want this, I want this, organization to grow. We're not going to grow with these guys that think that they're, you know, back in the 1980s still running these shows. I mean, he says, I think Atlantic City, and when John Ray won, if it was up to him, he wouldn't even have online registration. He'd still have you feel like, remember that little, that little piece of paper you had to fill out? You had to send it to like either Sandy Rinaly, if you're a woman, or Williamson, and if you're a guy, I had to send it to Peter Potter. And you had a bank check, and it was right, you know what that? Yeah, self-adjust stamped envelope. Yeah. Something crazy like that. What are you drinking over there? I'm drinking, you know what I'm drinking? This is, I can't give you the, I can't tell you what it is, but this is a, a meano evolved, the new flavor, one of the new flavors we're working on. It's a, it's a secret, but it's delicious. I'll send you something. It's really good. You kids will drink it like it's cool. They're, that's how good it is. I've got no carbs. It's well, just amino acids in there. We have two new flavors. I have a really, come out of the new flavors. Yeah. I have two new flavors coming out of a amino evolved. I have two new flavors of isolice too. What do you have for us? What are you guys doing? One of them I can tell you, but I'm going to tell you the one that I know you're going to lie. No, no, I'm not going to tell you that. No, I'm going to tell you that. I'm going to tell you the one that I realized flavors you have, because I decided to make it one of my, I had vanilla chocolate vanilla peanut butter, chocolate peanut butter cinnamon donut. I have caramel macchiata, which is really like, like a almost a coffee tasting one, but not really. I have a cookies and cream, which I think we might, we might not do that one. We might not renew that one, because we have these two new flavors coming out temporarily. I'll tell you this, every single flavor that I have introduced, I drove my flavor guy absolutely insane when I did it. To the point where he almost, you almost fired me. Like I said, if you can't do it, you can't do it. That's all. I gave one of those and then that made him work harder. Because I really want flavors to taste really that good. And it's, you know, you have to sometimes, and the flavor systems are expensive. You know, the better the flavors get the more expensive it gets. You know, when you, when you go to the store and you nestle this quick, you know, and all these things, you take for granted. These guys are spending millions of dollars in development of their flavors. And they taste test and safety McDonald's. When you go to, you think the McDonald's hamburger started out tasting as good as it did. There's a seasoning, they put a seasoning in there that their own, you know, proprietary formula that that's what makes those hamburgers taste so good. A regular piece of beef doesn't taste like that. So, you know, you have to, you know, if you're going to sell a high grade way, I say, which has no sugar and no fat and it, you know, lactose, you kind of have an artificial flavoring system that is just fucking stellar. No one's been used to produce. I was going to slice what is the number one selling flavor. Chocolate, I always is. Yeah, it's fun and simple. Chocolate, chocolate peanut butter. Because that's the most popular flavor. But it's, and, and I think they're terrific. I have a terrific chocolate and terrific, good chocolate. I mean, but I wouldn't say it's my best flavor, because I'm not a chocolate person, but I can drink it every day if I had to. I like vanilla peanut butter a lot. I like, um, I like caramel macciata. If I'm in a cinnamon-y mood, I've cinnamon doughnut is amazing. Speaking, you know what? I'm a vanilla person. I could do vanilla every single day and never, never change a flavor. But there's more. My mind's jumping from five to five to see a part told you before. What happened with that? I haven't gone for my gum this week. So, today, which is Monday, I had to go for, I have to go for my COVID testing. They're going to stick a thing up my neck. You know, they, I didn't know this. They, like, basically touch your brain stem with this lightning that they see. Yeah, they're going to see it. And that's how they get the, that's how they test your for COVID. So, I have to get that, because I have to get the colonoscopy done at the hospital. What do you have to prove that you're a COVID-19? Yeah, you have to do that. Yeah, now, obviously, you know, I want to take for the results to go back. I don't know. It's a good question. Probably a day or two. I don't know if they do fast testing at the hospital. So, I got to drive all the way to, it's like in maple. So, I'm driving like an hour tomorrow morning. Yeah, you're swine biology. How come we can't get a COVID test that you can just spit on the stick and, you know, because evidently, the thing doesn't live in your saliva, it lives up here and, and you know, nasal cavity there. So, I got to make sure they get the right area where it's, it's, it's, it's hanging out. Yeah. I know people that are already involved, I don't even, if I could say the person's name because I don't know if you want to be disabled, who's already ready, he's ready to get the vaccine already. I told me, he's crazy. Which vaccine? The COVID there's a COVID vaccine already. Well, there's a few that are working on. I know someone is talking to the thing, again, I said, you're ready, you're mine. He's like, why? He's got going to be, I have access to it. I said, access to it. You're going to be a getting picked. They don't know, they don't know the state. They've got enough people to take any. And even in these studies, there are only a couple hundred people that they're testing. I would wait until, you know, people have used it for a year, at least. I went to the pharmacy today to pick up a prescription they wanted to give me a flu shot. I said, I don't want a flu shot. Like people giving them for free today or something like that. But yeah, I said, I don't want it for free. Anything that doesn't cost anything is usually, gets me very suspicious. I said, yeah, I said, I'm not sick. I don't go anywhere. I said, but what do I need a flu shot for? I always tell my kids when someone offered you something very asked for two. Yeah. By Frank, even Tasto, he won't let anyone pay for anything. He says, I don't want to owe anyone anything. He's on a blind date. I have a day of his when next month, when to flu, when to flu season really start. I don't know. The fall, yes, right? Yeah. I'm in Florida. There's no fall here. Still 95 degrees. Once these schools in the United States heard the area, I have five or six kids who stay home because of the flu and they're eating it. They're missing them. That and they call and they say, you know, Johnny's not coming to school because he's sneezing and aching and then school's because they couldn't be covered. They're going to shut everything down. Yeah, you're right. Right. It's crazy. Anyway, we had a sort of body building. We had to show this week. We did. The NPC hard came. Let me pull that up. Where was where was that child gave? It's a good question. Clear water floor right in the online corner right in the corner for me. Yes, there you can see it from your friend. Where was that? I don't know, Dave. Oh, clear water. Same neighborhood as me. Yeah. Well, it's about an hour, about an hour and a half north of me. And let's take a look at those scorecards. There we go. You know, I'm glad the holding shows. I think a lot of guys are missing the boat. Look, there's not that many guys in the show and this isn't a lumpy of qualifier here. Peter Scallow wins this from West Palm Beach, right here in Florida. Second place, Arturo Mendez and third place is of Vladimir Saisoff, who used to be a bodybuilder if you remember. Remember, Vladimir was the guy who does those the Circus Act, you know, where he spends, it does all the crazy acrobatic. Bob, I'm Graskin with Saisoff, it was cookie process. I, you know, he's got to be, he's got to be in his 40s this guy. And he's placed in top three in the classic of the show, you know, that's pretty damn good. But well, you know what Dave, it's easy to say. It is easy to say like, oh, you know, people should have showed up, it was an easy, you know, people could have qualified for the LMPR, but the fact of matter is, is a lot of people that I know who are getting ready for shows, pull the plug and they pull the plug because of course shows were delayed or canceled, but then they ran out of money. I mean, just like, not ran out of money. Nine of you said, nine of you said, if they were doing personal training, like it, like, oh, I'm doing it down my garage, but I used to have like 35 clients and I have like five. No, I know what you're saying. I know exactly what's Peter Scallow out there, what's your impression of him? He's from the front. He's diced. It looks very good. I'm impressed. Yeah, me too. A lot of muscle, a lot of muscle maturity. That's not a good picture of them. Actually, the front last spring, that's a decent picture of them. I think he's, you know, he's he's got to be a dark horse, you know, I'll pull up into the picture of him. He's got to be a guy that, you know, people didn't see coming. I think our tour of Mendez, the second place guy was really good, too. Yeah, I did too. Pull him up now because, uh, yeah, he looked good. The guy got second. He's guys are in good shape. I did the class. I gotta say the classic guys are I've never seen a classic show where the winner was at a shave. Did you? It's like, 2012. Yeah, I mean, because, you know what, you know, I did because, I mean, it's when you're doing open bodybuilding, you still have in the back of the mind. I gotta be the big and I understand that because, you know what, a lot of times shows, you know, we kid and you say, you love to say shows and what on conditioning. Sometimes they're not. They're just one on size. Then, let's show. You know what I mean? So, some of them can say, God, you are just crazy conditioned. You know, why didn't you win? They said, well, the guy, you know, who won wasn't really hard, but he was, you know, really big. So, when it comes down to classic or, or let's, yeah, classic, I mean, you, you, by definition, you know, it's not about being big. So, you have to be in super position. Yeah. And the same thing goes for, I mean, the two 12 of the courses is a scale. So, yeah, looking a lot of my size of look at good. Yeah, he looks good too. Yeah, it was a good show. I wonder if he did one of those crazy, uh, acrobatic, uh, posing routines. That would have been cool. That, that's worth him. That gives you money's worth, right there. You know, yeah, he looks good. He, um, he'll teach transition good from open, you know. I mean, because it's amazing that guys could bring themselves down to that, because I, you know, I, who's feeling, embody building, once you, you know, you, um, you like kind of, blow up, try to, yeah, try to lose the muscle. It never leaves like your waist, like you never get ever, oh, yeah, of course. You know, what, when you blow up and you, you work backwards, you end up with usually a worse physique because you, you better figure. That's almost right across the board. Yeah, it's like you can't, you can't go backwards almost, you know. Yeah. Two people can. I like this guy who came in 4th to Tim Tevin. We're pulled picture of him, hold on. Lee Bank did. Oh, Lee Bank was there? No, no, but when he came down, he, yeah, he looked good too. And he was natural supposedly, right? I'm sure he was. I'm sure. You didn't help. You helped him when he wasn't natural. Yeah, but he, that's why you know, that's why you know that you know that he doesn't really need a lot of help. I can always say, you know, what he did not use, which people would say, oh, you're so full of crap. Right. Come on. Yes, he, what he did not use, not what he did use, what he did not use with Chuck you. He did leave Banks as a geetic freak out too. Yeah, very useful to seek to for he still, you know, if you want to compete with your, he, he, he probably got a gun good in the show. I think so. Oh, we pulled Tim Tevin here. Yeah, I'll take a look at my side with my reading glasses. There's Tim. What's up? Fourth place. Yeah, he's in condition. Yeah, I think all these guys were ripped. I love it. I like when I see the guys that are shredded to the bone. It makes he feel like, you know, at least these guys are doing their job. Yeah. And then there was a, there was a show in the, Texas too. The hard of Texas. They had a, um, I don't think they had a, um, I think it was a master's of that home. I'm going to go this. They had a mast. Oh, this is a master's classic physique. Lorenzo, general friend Lorenzo Jones won that to the Chris. Yeah. I love the Lorenzo Jones. He's one of the greatest characters in our business. Still bad. Yeah, he's still. He's got to be in his, he's definitely in his 50s. He's not in his easy. Right. Yeah. I don't know. I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, some guys bodies just hold up better than others. I think I'm, I think every day I wake up. I think this something else wrong. I hit per place. Maybe this I'm almost like, I'm, I'm worried. I get worried like I'm like, oh, but then I realize that, you know, you know, you're 52 things are not going to feel like 100% over time. Yeah. I go for no tissue there. I go for no like massages with COVID and three kids who has time. Is it a funny, you're finding out enough money to actually get the things that you need and you don't even have a time to do it. It's the ultimate irony, isn't it? Yeah. I'd love to go to the Chiropractor like three times a week and get a massage once a week. And I can afford to do it. And I can't even, first, I can't find anyone who's a good massage therapist around here, but that's to get that. I just don't whys the time to do it, you know? My good friend Tom Ocarman, I'll give you a plug-tongue, and Maui, who I came into town here in Florida and gave me a massage man. He brutalized me. I, I, I, I, I forgot what it was like to get a good massage. This was a, well, going back a year ago. He came because he was visiting in the file for the area. And I'm like, man, do I need that? Well, that's why I gave I made fun of you. I'm not, I never go to Facebook. I went to Facebook to look up some of my other pictures. Yeah. And I thought it was a fake, I thought it was a fake person because you never go in Facebook. And in a, in a puff up on me of a picture of me in New York, it was like four years ago when I said the first thing that came to remind is, that's when David tons of time. No kids. Nothing. There would ever I wanted every weekend. And I was never bored. You know how people say, oh, I'm so bored. I was never bored. Yeah. I'm still amazed how people with kids nowadays, I see these guys travel every weekend. And it's nothing. It's one thing for us to leave you kids. But, you know, during these these time where, you know, you don't really, you know, you could catch COVID and bring it back. And it's like, you can't walk around scared. I agree. But at the same time, you know, you got to, you know, there's got to be some modicum of, you know, you have to be a little worried, right? I mean, you're not going out every weekend. I mean, I understand you're going to a couple of shows. That's fine. But you're not going out every single weekend. Yeah, they were just, who made? Yeah. Yeah. What? What? So much to can't find. I know. I'm saying, yeah. I can't find a mask on like the like scaredy cat almost like people would be like, oh, you know, where I'm at, you know, okay, I'll wear it. I'm worried about it. Did I ever, did I on this show that we talked to, did I say that picture someone posted or gave me from the set of Batman? Did I ever post that? No. I'm going to be really pulled that up for my first. I'm making sure I'm the set. No, and back in the 90s, there was a, um, let me say a little. There was a kit, let's see the name of it. There was a casting call and they would, they were casting for Batman, the movie, the third Batman movie with Val Kilmer and I'm going to be Jones. Jimmy Jimmy the bowl. There's Jimmy the bowl, right? Is that out, you girl, lead to the left? Out, you girl, lead to the left. Yeah. So you probably won't know anyone else. Is that you to the rear right? Yeah. Yeah. And then in the middle, I have no idea what that is. Yeah, I forget everyone else is, but this is the one guy all the way in the back of the left is he was 19 years old. I was training him at the gyms, I met Mike Naples. They need to one more guy and I called him up. I said, get your ass over here. I said, you want to be on Batman movie. He, the kid almost got to an accident coming to the set because he was like so excited. Actually, my friend RJ was, I don't know where he is in the picture. I don't see our picture. I was probably never wanted to film our acting date. I, you know, Al Q was convinced that he was going to make it in Hollywood after this movie. I said Al Q were extras. We were well paid extras because you couldn't even see us. They had masks on our face. I said, Al Q, no one's going to know who you are. I said, I said, it was great because they were paying us. It was night, they filmed all the Batman was a film that night. So they had a past night differential and then they was stunt paid because we were doing like games or stuff. Tell us what you were paying for this, for example. For two weeks, I think I made like about three or $4,000, which was a lot of money, you know, for me back then, you know. And I had to be there six at night. You get there to six in the morning. Now, half, one of the first week we had to go to Wall Street. I had to be there. That was a pain in the next. I think the train, you know, a cab. But then the other, the second week, we were actually out of Long Island at like a mansion they were filming at. So that was like 20 minutes from my house. That was nothing. We could drive that. My girlfriend at the time would drop me off. And then pick me up at six in the morning. And it was all night. And basically, you know, Chris, they had this, they have craft services, which is, you know, for big movies, they have food being catered 24 hours a day, you know. And when I talk about food, I'm talking about the best quality food that you can possibly ever eat more. And they had everything there because sure they got, I think I timelyly, Jones there, they got Jim Carrey there. And these guys are in trailers, you know, they are they got to be fed and in the staff and the whole, you know, it's a multi-million dollar movie. It's probably cost them 150 million to make the movie. So there was no, there was nothing spared. And I basically, Chris, basically 90% of the time we were there, we did nothing. We just sat around. So all right, we're sitting. All I did was eat. I ate every hour I was eating. Did you talk about training? Oh, yeah, yeah, we've talked about it. We talked about everything. But I sat there. These other guys were like sleeping. They were like, they were like, they were like, they were just both. No one was, yeah, I'm like, no one's eating. I'm like, are you guys bodybuilders? I know Jimmy the bull. He's hot dogs. But I was eating every hour in the hour. I probably, I think I gained 10 pounds. You know, muscle when I was there. You think I paid 3 grand a gain 10 pounds? Yeah, I ate so much food. Everyone was looking at me. Like I always had to play to food. They were like, and the great thing was I had that leather jacket that was part of my costume. So it wasn't like I had a, it was like I had to have like a tank top on and I had to worry about my stomach being like full of food. Didn't that? You know, I was being paid to be a big, you know, biker guy. So why didn't you pursue acting after that? Because you know what, I was stifest typecast. I did a lot. I did a lot of commercials. I had about, I landed like four commercials. One really popular one I've talked about the moment, Howard Stern's wife, ex-em satellite radio commercial. But I was, I was typecast, so I couldn't get anything because I would have had a lose, you know, like 50, 60 pounds of muscle if I wanted to get into the movies. And I just wasn't willing to do that. I was obsessed with body, but I probably should probably would have been good. But you know what, it's such an acting, it's such a like sporadic thing. And it's so like it's whether these, these casting directors like you, it's like, and they, they don't even know what they're looking for. You go in there for a casting call. I go in for a big freaky body. This is the part. I'm like, who's going to get this in New York? I'm going to get, it's either going to be me or Frank Zephy or, or, or, or, draw a denty. Those are the three big guys at the time. And I was the biggest guy of all of them. Drawed probably had the, the best crossover look because he was like a good looking guy and he, and he was a marketable looking guy. And Frank, Frank was like the pretty boy type of thing. So it depends on what part they want. So they want, I never got the body part. I don't think any of them did either. We, we would get like the football player part. I guess you guys were too big. The guy right, the men's physique guy's got the body. Yeah, exactly. It's the one on men's physique. It's the one on men's physique. It's the one on two intimidated. For, they didn't know what a big body, but they thought a big body, but it was a guy like who did men's physique. And so I would get, like I said, wrestler or bodybuilder, bodyguard, I did a commercial, a comes commercial that never had, but they paid me anyway. And it was me, I think I, there was a guy from the New York Giants, and there was all fat comedians after that. I left my ass off for like three days we filmed in Jersey at this diner. And all we did was eat, again, once again, eat and crack jokes. These guys, I made friends with these. I just still to this damsel of friends with them. They were the funniest guys that I've ever met. Big fat comedians. So, why didn't it ever end? It comes for a fair. Because they didn't, if somebody's native pick it up, I don't know. It was weird. I don't know. They just, I thought it was a great commercial. I thought it would have been hysterical. Who has some most commercials out of a bodybuilder, a bragma? He had a couple. I don't know how to do it. Yeah. Well, just like in some sort of, there are dead thing landed. It's some really good commercials. He made a lot of money back in the day. I know that for a fact. He did, but he did way better than I did. Yeah, who's your agent, Steve Lines? Mike Lines, you know Mike, Mike, you can handle all of us. But, George did really well for himself. This a couple of I do. You know, he did a lot of commercials that Kelly, muscle did a lot of commercials too. That can a couple of years ago. So, to get into acting though, you have to lose. Nowadays, muscle, you can't have that much muscle and get into acting. What's happening with Kyle Green and his acting? Oh, is he still doing the Friday show? I don't know. It's a good question. I should check that out. See if he's doing the the kind of in variety show. You probably stopped it. I told I they should have into the kind of variety show like on the Olympia stage. Yeah, one, they could do it. They could he had that one man show, right? Yeah, you did. This is more like a Karabonet show. I think I thought I loved it. I know you loved it, Dave. They became a big fan of the guys when Kyle came out with the talent show. The variety show. He got the shows as verks. I always said that he should have his own. He should be on Broadway. Really? He should be on Broadway because... Still young enough. I guess. I mean, I don't see the recurring variety show anymore. Maybe he can't. Let's do it. He's doing some posing. Oh, his new variety show is this it? Oh, that was two months ago. No, I don't think he has a new episode. You know what? He must have spent six months filming that first episode. He takes too much time to put together one. It's got it. It's got a Chris. There's no doubt about it. There's no way he could do that in a short period of time. Anyway, so what's your prediction for the fight? Remember in Rocky? What's your prediction for the fight? Pain? Which fight? For the Olympia. What's the, it's a high-risk shape enough? What are you thinking? I think I'd like, like I said, I think some of the bill's check versus Brandon's got a crew himself. You know, did you see that picture they posted a Brandon? He looks like he's like 500 pounds. That a good sign or bad sign? It's a good sign because he probably can come down. Yeah, it's got a lot of time. You know, the Brandon's phenomenal phenomenal and it's made such amazing progress. The danger with fillers that he's beat everyone all the time most. And the other danger with fillers, people forget because he wasn't in the show last year. His level of cartoonish roundness. You know what I mean? He's remarkably round and you can't nobody's going to outround him. Does that make sense? Yeah, the only way like Roden could slip by, which I think he's slip by twice in eight years. Ten years, whatever, is that Roden has extraordinary clients that look like something greater than times when they're all put together on a totally shredded physique of that experience. He's got a bigger bigger structure. He's got a bigger structure. He's got a very big structure, which people don't realize. But I guess what I'm saying is it's hard to negate that crazy roundness. Look, look at this picture. This is his first day of crappy post of the picture. Yeah, look around he is. Look at that. That's pretty good. It looks pretty good to me, right? He's pretty lean now, actually. I think you'd like that shirt he's got too. I'm a homo and I'll issue her. I love it. But I was an oddly famous when no one was an alley fan. That was a little kid. Yeah, look at his big. I mean, it doesn't look at his name. Chinks in the armor right there. That's true. Maybe maybe fresh as well, you know? Sometimes taking time off, taking time off either works for you or works against you. One of the two, it's no 50-50. Well, he took off by his own, you know, his own. He didn't wasn't forced to take off, you know, so. But what I mean is he had a rest of full long time period your rest. And that he is good for you. Yeah. It doesn't work. It's either good or bad. There's no middle of the road. Now you're right. You're right. I've judging from that picture. It looks like it may be good. It looks very good to me. What do you think? I think that he's going to be very dangerous. How do you think flex Lewis does? That's what I was going to ask you next. Now, you know, it's funny because flex Lewis is what is he? Five foot six? Yes. Five six. I mean, I mean, fills considerably told them that. I mean, fill, and I never, you know, we don't consider fill a very tall body. I've not even. Yeah. I mean, I love the show. I'm going to pop a good shot of flex Lewis all of a sudden. I don't post that. This is an Instagram back picture. Yeah, I love that. Thanks you. I'm like that. I just had. It's like a smoke dory in there. Yeah. You know, you know, I'm going to predict a bit. I talked about, yeah, that's it. Yeah, I know. It's a great shot. That's from two years ago. It's great picture. Yeah. I talked about the phone today. Oh, you did. We would just start. Yeah. Second time I've talked to him ever last time. He called you and you called him. He called me. Oh, because oh, because what's his name? Come out of the day, man. Well, you can't get into the country, so he needs me to fry them. He needs you to. You have a lot of technique. That was dope. He has Neil right here. Look, Neil. He has my puppet. Oh, Yoda. Did I send you that? I don't know. Someone sent that to me. Yeah, I think I sent it to him. No, because Flex is wonderful man. He really, he, he, he, listen to this. So he invited Kamal and he invited Kamal. He told Kamal, you better come over here now because you don't know what's going to happen with COVID and what if rules change and they say like you can never come. You know, right. No, Kamal told me that on the interview we did with them. He said he's going to be in there. Yeah, Flex invited him to train with him. They're going to train together, which is good to have because Flex and him and I competing at each other, so there's no real rivalry there anymore. So Kamal had to go to Turkey and stay there for two weeks before he flows. Right. He, I think he flew yesterday. Oh, so he's he should be in town by now. Yeah, and the in the interim Flex called me last week and he said, what's happening with a son? I just figured, well, if he's asking, he must know him. Right. And I said, oh, he's just, he's just beyond shot. I mean, he's, he's shot like shot. What happened with the whole, um, the whole, um, you know, hammering thing is it. Well, yeah, you know, Dave, he's just, he sent me some pictures like like two days after the cow pro and this is like from the new pro to the, this is, like his, his, from being a hospital. He's been in the hospital, of course. And they he's going to rebound off the diuretics and all that stuff. So, um, anyways, Flex had invited him down to said, I, I wanted to see if he wants to come down here and stay with me for a while and train. And very nice of him. Yeah, I said, I, I'll answer for him. 100% yes, but just in case, I'll send text message to Hassan, who doesn't speak English and he'll put it through Google translation. And he's going to, yeah, two seconds later, he said, yeah, yeah, we'll go, we'll go, we'll go, we'll go, so he's on his way down. Oh, so, so Flex is putting up the tour of them at the house? Wait, he's not putting him up. They're just staying in the neighborhood, you know? Okay, okay, yeah, I was going to say, but I would never be allowed to keep it in my house. It's like, it's like, you know, how you when you're kid, you're bringing home a little kitty cat from the neighborhood and your parents are like, no, bring it back. Well, third kitty cat, which Flex misses, is Raphael because Raphael was up there for a long time. How I did know that? Raphael Brandel, trained there? Yeah, and Raphael was there and making like, outstanding, whacking progress. Right. Look at John Del Rose did really well. You're going out there. And we'll get to John. And then, so Raphael was loving it being there and then he had to go back to Brazil. And once he got to Brazil, they said, you can't go back to the States because of the United States. Yeah, it should never have left. Yeah, I didn't want to say to him. I didn't want to say, but he had a family issue, you know, can you sky, you know, do an Arnold? You know, an Arnold and Papa and you know, my mom's gonna die. Yeah. So he's trying somehow to come back. So that means Flex was kidding and saying, you know, I got all the guys you work with, I got Hassan, I got Raphael, I got Kamal, I said, we have my ex also, my ex. Who? Del Rose? Oh, Del Rose. He was joking about that. But anyways, I'm shocked that these guys could afford to stay in hotels and train out there with Flex or whatever. I think they're going, you know, you can get a farm. I guess, but it's expensive. They're not making any money. I mean, I guess if they have contracts, some of these guys they can like unjustify it. Yeah. No, everything is expensive, right? Everything's expensive. We know it a lot of times. There's some of these places. There's no gyms available. You can't train. So you go to Flex, as you're going to, you're training at his gym, you know, next year, no the, well, Florida doesn't care if you have gyms open. So that's good for him anyway. But if you were in another state, someone would have ratted Flex out and they would have come through his gym and try to like, you know, shut it down. Loats is on private gym. Yeah. So so anyways, um, I love Flex. I think it's a great guy. Except the guy said he hasn't, he hasn't lived up to his fulfillment of coming on my show and letting me interview him. He's been talking about. He didn't want to be there. He didn't like, I don't have any time. He didn't like. No, because he wanted me to come down to the gym and I was going to, but then the whole COVID thing. And you know, you know, I have no time to do anything. So the question is, we spoke, I mean, how's he going to do in the air? Yeah, more what do you think? Yeah, what do you think? I think I say top five for sure. Oh, it doesn't doubt. Yeah. With always shadow on the doubt. And, uh, you know, the stars could line up. I told him when he told me that he didn't even know her son any, I didn't know. I said, I think he can win just based on karma. Ha ha ha, I can't. But you know, it's, it's a show of all weaknesses. And of course, Phil and Brandon technically don't really have any and people can't say those stuff. It's not a weakness, really. I mean, it's just only a weakness when he's standing next to Rome. You know, you know, the, the question is really, I mean, Flex looks great standing alone. And when you see these pictures, he really has, he's really brought his physique up to a point where he doesn't really have any weaknesses. But, you know, when you put him in a line up against guys, you know, now you start exploiting structure and there's other aspects, intangibles, that, you know, a lot of people see Sean Rodin and pictures and they're like, well, he's good, but he's not great. You sent me these up, they pictures have been before these. And he's like, okay, but you see him in a line up. And it's like the guy just makes everyone look bad, you know, it's time. It's time. Brandon carries the same way. He looks way better in line up than he does standing alone in pictures. He's not overwhelming by any means in terms of muscularity or conditioning, but he's impressive when he stands next to guys because his structure is so good. Structures phenomenal and he's round and he gets, he gets hard enough. I mean, yes, I mean, he gets hard enough. I wouldn't say. If he comes in with the conditioning that he added the Arnold when he won last year, I think he's going to be very dangerous. I think he's going to be dangerous even in the film because he's not the same bodybuilding that Phil is used to beating, you know? Well, I'll say this. The first two shots are front double and front last, but those shots are extremely strong shots for Brandon. Yeah. You know, of course, Phil's got tons of muscle too, but just structurally those shots. Well, because Phil's waistline is not what it was when in 2011, you know, and so even though he's ripped, I think Brandon has a better taper and, you know, lines. Of course, now you hit the side, try sepshots and the back shots in Phil is like devastating, you know, in our shots. What about Roli? Desroli, we've ever seen Roli and shape, but do you want to? No, we saw him in shape in 2018. That was the only time he's really been there. And he was barely insured, you know, he was still was like, he could have been better, you know. But the idea that there's nobody's talking about him really might be that there's no pressure on him. He may be able to sort of grab it out of the hat. Is he qualified to do the Olympia? I don't even know if he is. That's a better question. He's not quite a thickest ball time. Are we going to see him in Chicago, maybe? He could have done the hurricane classic. And will we see him at the the Alicante Spain? Maybe maybe if he's not qualified. I would think he would do a warm-up before he would do the Olympia, don't you? I mean, top, top white go from last year. Five was he six? So was he? Well, he was, he wasn't in the game, right? He would be in the Olympia. Oh, he was, he was fit if I think, but I don't, is it top five of the go? It got him. It's not top five and they got we think that yes, he has to be top five. Used to be top 10. Daxter. Daxter is going to be the guy who is going to be standing there in the wings, waiting, just waiting, waiting, waiting for people not to be in shape. Then then then everyone's in trouble. Yeah. That's the way he always does. And that's his whole career, right? Yeah, but it's his whole career. But I mean, it's not like he just like not worthy of winning all these shows. No, no, no, I'm not saying that. I'm saying he's always been the guy who's waiting in the wings to just take these guys out. I'll tell you who's qualified. Curry's qualified bone-ax qualified. Howdy, shoot-in-squalified Daxter. Rulia's qualified. Okay. So that takes the answer to that question. So he doesn't have to do anything with the Olympia. Phil Heath, set to make millions of qualified Nathan De Ashe, Juan Morrell, Flex Lewis, Huntel Abraata, Ian Valier, something sung, sung cool from South Korea. I don't know, this guy's the last time. It was an Antoine Valier. And they get the point guys. They're the point guys. We have max Charles's the number one point guy and Lucas Oslo, a second. Big Rami. I don't know how he's third. What did he do to get points? On win is tied with Rami in fourth and Reagan Grimes is in fifth tied with Ku Klou and Justin Rodriguez. How many point people get to go? Top three qual five they said. I always thought it was top five, but maybe it's top three. We have it ran to get points from what do you do? You did the Arnold? How he did the Arnold? That's right. The chop three field, the Arnold's not. The guarantee. No. We have a pretty good line up right now. I love to see Sean wrote it in that lineup. That would be nice. Obviously his situation is not, he doesn't seem like it's fixing itself in time. Why? But it's weird that he's nice and on the court yet. It's his bizarre. It must be so ironclad that they're just like, both sides. If you're his lawyer, if I'm Roden's lawyer and I'm like, and I think that they have a weak case, I'd be like, look, my client has a right to a fair and speedy trial. That's part of the Constitution. Speedy, speedy trials. The words are in the Constitution. This is not speedy unless they're purposely delaying and they think, you know what? The longer it goes, maybe they'll drop a case. I don't know. What's the difference? But it's killing, you know, he's like Muhammad Ali now, Sean, because he's losing the best two years of his career. Two years? He's lost. For an innocent guy, that's pretty crappy. He was Mr. Olympian. He take away his best two years. Well, that's why I say persistiously, you know, that ironclad case that they're building up in Utah. Yeah. Now, if he's found guilty, then obviously, then, yeah, whatever the punishment is, is, well, deserve, but maybe he's delaying and unpurpose. So he just nothing to go to jail. I don't know. I don't know. I'm not hearing anything about it. So it's weird that we haven't heard anything about this case. Usually, you get, you know, something's leaked out at some point. If I haven't heard, I haven't heard a word. I would imagine you would have heard something. Obviously, Sean would have been preparing for the Olympia. You would have been prepping. I'm so that's not happening. Yeah. Well, I just heard that the girl was, was a bank robber at one time. I don't have some, you're asking a bank robber. You're like, you're like Trump. You're like, you have nicknames. Well, she was just, she was, she was, the bank robber. She was, oh, guilty of committing bank robber. I think I think her family, I think her husband was on a horse farm. Her husband, her and nine of her husbands. I mean, it's, I mean, God. They're all in cohoats. I mean, well, fine. I feel bad. I feel bad that the case hasn't been said. I don't feel bad for anyone person because I don't know who's guilty and who's not, but I feel bad that the case is still pending. And if it's because of COVID, that that's really a shame, you know, that it's being delayed this long. You know, what's, let's face it. I mean, people have a right to, to be exonerated. I mean, this is affecting his ability to make money, you know? Yeah, I mean, look past that. It's his livelihood. This is lucky. I mean, if you look, you and I can't really relate to it because we don't compete anymore. But when we competed, if someone were to set to you, Chris, when you were in the height of when you loved competing and they said, you know what, you can't compete anymore. We got to settle some some. You'd be like doing everything in your power to get the things settled. When you Yeah, of course. Of course. So That's not what we're talking about. That's just logical. I think Flex is going to, I flexed Lose is going to do very well on that stage. I think that he's, I think he's definitely, you know, he's certainly a fan favorite. Well, this doesn't hurt. Of all the people I would guess, he has to buy definition of guessing, show the most amount of improvement, just by the fact that he can't be too 12 because if he's too 12 he's going to get killed. So, I mean, not killed, but he's just not really big enough. So just the fact that you know, he's going to come out all by himself, you know, when you do e-mended towards whatever and you say, wow, he's bigger, bigger and he's never, ever been not in great condition or he's never been in not strong condition or better. So without a doubt, his condition will be probably really good of 100% spot on at a big abiding weight. So he's going to have some type of like, wow, he looks like better than he used to look or a lot different than he used to look. So that's going to be a plan is his, his, a fact, because that helps him place higher than you would expect because, you know, let's say you're judging and you say, okay, that's the same role, just the same film that's the same Brandon. Not the same, but you know, I mean, Phil is not getting five palms. Right, Brandon is not gaining, you know, he may gain three to four, but he's not getting eight. You know, I mean, what's make him on stage 10 pounds bigger? Well, we see Heidi Schouppen in this line, I think, I think. I don't think so. You don't think he'll be able to get over here? I just don't think so, no. I think whatever he got here last time, I'd love to see him in the show, but I think that how we get here last time was anomaly. I think people even care about that now with the COVID, it's like everyone's so kind of like, I'm like, what's that? Well, people have forgotten about the terrorist states that they don't want to let the people and maybe they'll go the way. Well, I mean, don't forget, Iran has a huge COVID issue too. Oh, they do. I don't know. If you reach COVID issue, they have big of diplomatic issues now worst diplomatic issues this year then they did last year. I wasn't aware of that. So, you know, trying to get him to slip in. Unless he goes to Turkey for two weeks like, that would be pretty funny. But, you know, the excitement of the Olympia is always that you never know how it's going to pan out. I mean, what was the sharper two years ago? The sharper was that. Trying to run one of the show and ran a bomb out. Yeah. You don't mean it was like two shots. We're not even talking about, we haven't even talked about ran a contender. He's obviously qualified for the show. I mean, how can it can ran a win this show? Um, um, on paper he could, but things really have to line up bright. He's not being branded on the front doubles. Who's he was? Yes, the question. Who's he working with now? I don't know. Chad or Milo's? I don't know. No, I'm talking about it. You can never get into them. No. I mean, no one has more muscle than ramming that lineup. Well, he could third at the arm. Yeah. Well, he wasn't noticing in the shape. You know, we're still waiting for him to show up in shape, you know. Yeah. Well, I mean, he's he's going up in those back show against two crazy dial people. Yeah. So it's a show. Those shows he Arnold and the Olympia is just nothing but shows of contract where life folks. We got our money. I'll quite back in. I'll be done in five minutes. David, David, what's your ever psychological reading is up there? Yeah. No, my, my psychothreading. Psychothreading. What is it? What did we reveal? I don't know. I don't know. She's, I don't know. She's referring to. I think she's referring to. I think the guy told me that I was going to get it. It was going to buy a real estate. This, I had a psych reading with this guy in Facebook. Just because he was like, he was like a crazy guy that I knew from Westchester and I did it on luck. And I think I think he had mentioned he goes, you're going to buy something. You're in the process of buying a house. Is it my dad? No, now I'm going to buy any house. Roachers. You can buy groceries. Psychothreading. No, no, no, but that I forgot about it. But then we went up and bought we bought the house across the street. We closed in a tomorrow. My wife, my mother, my wife, you're going to buy something. My mother and Laura and I bought an, and Amanda, we all bought this house across the street. My mother and Laura are going to live there. And that's a major real estate deal. He knew. I didn't even know I was going to buy. Who knew it was going to come up? You know, this house. I'll give her one of the 12, doing arts, muscle day, day in the life of tour. The house is really cool. It's really, that the property is really cool. They got a horse stable on there. It's like five, seven acres. They have like a, a quay pond in an adult in an adult in a adult in pool cage, and the backyard. It's fucking awesome this thing. It's like, let me set it up for the listeners because when I went down there, you sort it. That's right. Are you kidding? If I got you like that house, too. You brought me across the street and you said quote quote, I would love to buy this house if it went up for sale. I did I really said that's yeah. You said, I'm glad you remembered you said that because we're looking at it. I wanted out into the universe and it came to it. And there was exactly what you said. And you said it, not like this. Like you didn't say it like this. Oh, you know, I liked the buy that house ever came up with sale. You're just like looking at it. You said, this is a beautiful house. You went through the whole thing. The horses, the fence, the ground, I said, I loved to buy this house. I loved to buy this house. You know, they even have a big, they have a pot like a runoff pot. They built on this thing. And now it's completely full. It's like, there's like a little alligator living in there. I mentioned that in the last show. And I guess when it comes to the dry season, over the winter, it almost goes down to no water. So, but there's fish in there. So, I'm like, how a freak of the fish survived. So, the guy who went on the house, he puts a hose in there, like in the dry season, keeps it full and absolutely the fish can live. And he said, there's like eagles come there because they all the, like the birds come there. I guess in the winter because it's so low the water. You can pick the fish out like, you know. Yeah. Yeah. So, he mentioned having a, we have, we have bald eagles in our backyard. You know, cool that is. We were kids. They were like in nature. Right? They were the almost extinct. It's so funny that you say that because I was driving down the main highway last, last week. Yeah. And I've never seen a bald eagle. They're beautiful, right? And I saw this like thing flying down the highway. It was like, they'll go in low and then high and then coming close to the car. I was about bald eagle. I worked crazy with my kids. They're like, what's the reveal? I said, they were endangered well. Yeah. They had like, like, ten left or something like that. You know, they're all, but they're, I mean, they're the most majestic birds. They're like, no wonder why they made that the bird the United States, you know. Yeah. I was in the United States. I wanted to mention one thing before we close up shop here. Since it's pretty late. My wife pointed out it's almost to the morning. The Brandon Curry had a Jim opening. He has a new Jim and had a big opening. I know the Antoine Volillian was there with I think Dorian and, you know, they all, he had a bunch of, I don't know if I don't think Brandon made it to. I don't think he could leave Kuwait. Uh-huh. But they had a bunch of people show up there and I know I know I know I get the whole scoop from a Susie. My good friend Susie. Oh, you're a She drove a bit. Well, it's in, it's a very close to where she lifts it. She was like a two-hour drive. She took a drive over there. She must have loved it. Brianna Ansley was there. Yeah. She's like a picture with them. So, I was free on that. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know where anyone lives. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Back in the jail, everyone that they call on. It was easy to remember that everyone was in Venice years ago. Now everyone's all up in the place. But some Brandon and his wife, Randy, opened that new gym, so congratulations. So, do you guys, and one of these days, I'll have to try to make it down there? Yeah, sure. I'd be going to all these things. It wasn't COVID and I didn't have any kids, but that's one of the life-charging. The old sure is like not the one. It's just like kids. Well, you know, this guy contacted me via email and he said, I'm writing a school thesis paper on a bigger waxy, you know, people that think that they're never big enough. Yeah, I look at the mirror. They think this small and they're really huge. I'd like to, you know, interview you and ask you, I got all this stuff. I want to get your opinion. I said, look, if it's a homework assignment, I got to answer 400 questions on the server. I said, I can't do it. I said, you know, I used to do everything. Anytime anyone asked me, I would do everything. I would always say, and I never turn anyone down. Nowadays, I still have the time. I'm like, I can't sit down for an hour and fill out, you know, like a survey and answer all these questions the way I would want to. I would do it at this service. He's like, no, I'll just talk to him in the phone. I said, I can't talk to him at the same time. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So you don't want to do, you know, when I talk to people, I'm cleaning like if I, like, 12 midnight, I'm cleaning snake cages. That's my therapy. You know, when some people go on the meditate, I go in clean snake cages and I kind of just zone off. I got to do, I got to do like phone calls like that around that time. That's when I do it. They're always like, what's that? They're sliding noise here while I'm opening up steak. It's true. I was and everyone said, I'll be like, oh, I know. Like, what was that? Yeah, I got bit by a snake. I said, and I think they think I'm kidding around. When I say that, I don't think anyone believes me to be honest, but it's the truth. That's what I do. My uh, that's what I do. My interviews. I do my interviews then. Well, you got to let us know what happened with the reading. It sounded like your wife was like, I got it. So I think the guy told me I was going and being in, it was going to be a major real estate deal. That's what I think it was. And so we were in sure. I think I remember, I think that guy said that we wouldn't do some kind of real estate deal. So she must have gone back because I recorded the whole thing. I did with him. So she must have gone back and she must have watched it. I wonder if she must have found something out. I'm going to call it back. Yeah, I think that's it. All right, guys, we're at the end of the video that I show here. Good stuff this week. And we're seeing more and more qualifiers for the Olympia. It's getting exciting. And I'm, look, you know what, I, I really hope they pull this thing off. I know that there's all these restrictions and they get now, but I think that with Dan Solomon over there and the whole crew, somehow they're going to make it happen. I know they're excited. They're going to be announcing. I think this week some new exciting stuff that's going to be happening. So bodybuilding is still alive. I get an issue. And even during this COVID times, I just hope I next year, Chris, all this stuff is is under the table. I just don't think it's going to go away that quickly. That's, that's my fear. It's, it's not going to wait now. I don't, I can't see it by January, February, March, like, being any different to you. Well, that's why I say it's not going to wait now. It's like, if, if you like your house is on fire, it's like it's going to be still burning next week. I guess the, the, the, the true test will come if no one, if the, if there's not another up surgeons in cases of COVID after now, everything's kind of opening up, that's good news. If there is, then they, we can go back and they may go back at the lockdown again. There's still lockdown in Melbourne, Australia, you can't go anywhere. It's like, it's like, Marshall, there. You know, it's terrible. Those guys. All right. Let's wrap this thing up. Remember guys, with heavy muscle radio, the truth hurts. See you next week.