Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA PIDX Road, there's 30 year in a row, and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry. It's a low-car caulk tart, we've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. On day polumbo and today is Tuesday, September 22nd, 2020, and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Now, in times out of 10, when you elevate your surroundings and the people you surround yourself with, you almost instantaneously elevate yourself to be a byproduct of your situation. So now that Kamal algorithmic and flexed Lewis are teaming up for the rest of the Olympia prep, how much better do you think these two will make each other as a result? If you think back throughout the entire history of the Mr. Olympia, this might be the first time ever that we have two active competitors with titles on their resumes, joining forces to prepare for a contest. Add that to the fact that these two are still both in their prime, and both looking to carve out a new spot in the history books of their divisions. And you get one of the most uniquely fascinating storylines of this entire season. We're calling it the King's Connection, and it could easily be the precursor to something special for both of them. We've talked a lot on this show about goals and goals setting. And how important it is for these two pieces to establish an intrinsic motivation in long-term success. And with that in mind, I want to throw out a philosophical question. What do we think the goal is right now for Sean Rodin? Since he won't be competing in this year's Olympia, or so it seems, at the end of the month it will have been almost two full years since the last time we saw him compete. One other thing to consider here is his age. He's 45 right now, which means not only has he lost two years of his prime odds are that he's also probably approaching the tail end of his prime too. And that's not to say when or if he comes back that he still won't be the old flexor trying. It's just that history tells us at some point there has to be a drop off. I don't have a crystal ball. I don't know what happens from here, but I do think it's worth asking the question. For the most part, when we talk about progressive overload and bodybuilding, the conversation is always centered around training. What I believe there's a progressive overload element to competing too. Take Justin Rodin regus as an example. Two weeks ago Justin was awesome at the New York pro. And truth be told that was probably the best look of his career. And the second place finish doesn't come anywhere close to telling the whole story of how far he's come in these last few years. That's progressive overload at work. It's also about slowly adding and making improvements over time. Now if we play this forward to the Chicago pro four weeks from now, progressive overload tells us that Justin should come in even better, which makes them one of the pre-show favorites. So this keeps moving in the direction we expect. He could be less than a month away from clenching his first Olivia qualification. Last week, the Denver Nuggets made history after they beat the brakes off of the lost Angeles Clippers in game seven of the conference, 70 of finals, could become the first team ever to come back from a three-one deficit two times in the same playoffs. And even though they're inside the NBA bubble in Orlando, I'm sure Brett Wilkins wouldn't mind channeling a little bit of that, mild-high magic over these next few months. According to Brett, he somewhere in the neighborhood of 260 pounds right now, with plans to add a few more pounds of quality stage weight heading into next season. If you compare photos from last year to this year, you can see the kind of work ethic that this guy has. So as long as he doesn't let up now, I think 2021 has the potential to be a big year for him. And that does it the end another edition of Muscle in the Morning. I'm Dave Palombo reminding you to always meet true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.