There's always something about the summertime that makes people start to get that in shape again. And rumor has it that Frank McGrath might be starting to get that itch again as well. But one time veteran has been starting to generate some buzz on social media lately, about a potential comeback to the stage, which would mark the first time in almost three years that we saw the man with some of the craziest forums of all time making appearance at an official IFV Pro League event. At this point in his career, from a graph to get back out there is really more of a mental and spiritual exercise than it would be anything else. That being said, if there's any truth to the rumor, I'm sure all's legions of fans would love to see him get that first call out as he battles it out with the best in the business. Now that we're smack dab in the middle of a July heat wave, it finally feels like suns out guns out season is officially here. So I guess it's a good time for 212 powerhouse Tristan Escalasico to drop some video from a heavy arm day. The former North American champ released a few clips over the weekend to show off some of the progress he's made on his extended off season, which seems to be getting along just fine as far as I can tell. The last time we saw Escalasico on a pro stage, he was rocking the house with this top 10 effort on the New York pro stage last year. So if you can make a few key touchups and come back with some added muscle to his frame, here's a guy who could certainly surprise a lot of people if he shows up at his old time best. We're right at that point in the schedule now, with his room for a new breakout star to come in and take his mid-summer stretch by storm. And if I were in the market for some hot new bikini prospect to get behind, I think I might have to take a hard look at rookie standout Jennifer Dorey. A little more than a month after she took the Toronto pro by storm with her scorching third place finish, the former Canadian National champ still isn't showing any signs of slowing down. And the clips we've seen from the Dorey camp over the last few weeks, it looks like she's done her due diligence to keep things within striking distance. And once she gets ready to crank it up, it's a high gear again, watch out because she's got a chance to be a really dangerous competitor over these next few months. When you live down here near the Gulf Coast and the Caribbean, you know all too well that hurricane season is right around the corner now. But come this time next month, Tampa Florida might already be dealing with the aftermath of a storm that's about to roll through the figure division that goes by the name of the Talia Soltero. Back at the start of the season Soltero came storming out of the gates when she put together a high light real performance in her win at the Upper Midwest Pro. And after taking a few weeks off to recalibrate the machine, she's almost ready to open up another can of what fast on the figure division out in Tampa. Soltero is one of those athletes who's good enough to hold her own against anyone in the division when she's at her all-time best. And if she shows up at 100%, I have a hard time believing that she won't find a way to put herself in contention to compete for the win. Confidence is one of those things that as an athlete, you either have it or you don't. And it doesn't take a rocket science as to figure out that 212 powerhouse Duane Cuamino's got a whole lot of confidence right now. The second year man is heading into this year's Olympia, spitting out some old school playground-style trash talk. And as far as I can tell, it looks like he's putting in the work to back it up. I'll say this when you look back at how good he was in the win at the Phoenix Pro last year. You can't give this guy a puncher's chance to come into the Olympia and make some noise. And if he actually shows up and makes good on his work, I think all of a sudden we're looking at a guy who's a whole lot more intriguing, moving forward into this new post-flex Lewis 212 Olympia era. And that does it yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning. On day Palombo, reminding you to always be true to your passions. And they show to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.