Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Food Expo, there's 30 year in a row, and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry. It's a low-car hot tart, we've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love this show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. On day polonbo and today is Wednesday, August 19th, 2020, and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. In the best pieces of advice I ever got before I started my business, was to find whatever it was I knew how to do well and then become the best in the world at it. That's a pretty simple recipe for success that you can apply to bodybuilding too. Just ask a key Williams. Rumor has it that a keyman is a simple formula for success might be headed for Chicago, where I think he'd come in as a clear cut top three favorite. I came as someone who's gotten better every single year because he knows who he is and he knows what works and when all that becomes that simple result are almost guaranteed. My son Logan is on this kick now where he loves the X-Men. He runs around the house, smashing him to stuff, pretending he's juggernaut. I think it's hysterical when he does it, but it drives my wife crazy because the juggernaut is an unstoppable force who destroys everything in his path. Almost like what Derek Lundseurge's trying to do with the two 12 division this year. After last year's Olympia disappointment it feels like Derek's taking on a whole juggernaut personality heading into this year's contest. He's out to smash and destroy anyone who gets in his way. So if I were Kamala Gargni Sean Clarita and George Peterson, I'd be sleeping with one eye open just to make sure I can see him coming. A few weeks ago Kevin Hart was on a podcast I was listening to and someone asked him what he thought the key was to being able to have his hands in so many different projects at once and you know what he said? mindset. Plain and simple and I think the plain and simple mindset is one of the things that also explains how Kamiel Perriets been able to stay at the top of her game for so long. Recently we were told that Kamiel was planning to start her Olympia prep three weeks from now as she looks to add another top 10 finish to her resume. At this point in her career, Kamiel is so polished that it feels like second nature and once athletes like her lock into that mindset, it's damn near impossible for them to get an off-course. It's one of the biggest complaints keyboard gangsters have against bodybuilding today. First what bodybuilding was in the 90s is that today's athletes all have, well, somewhat blocky ways to no float in their physique. But I guess Nick Walker never got that memo. The updates that we've seen coming from Nick and his team have been outrageous. He has a weird old school draining this combined with the new school 2020 fitness intensity. And in today's year that makes him dangerous, especially at the amateur level. Now combine all that with the fact that he plays second in his pro qualifier last year, it seems like the only place to go from here on out is up. And that does it. If you had another edition of Muscle in the Morning, Dave will let me remind you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.