Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X-Box, our 30-year-in-a-row, and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry. It's a low-car mock tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. I'm Dave Palombo, and today is Friday, September 11th, 2020, and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. I always tell my clients that there's no time like the present to take control of the rains, and since the Romania Pro is less than 12 weeks away now, I'm sending those same words of wisdom out to my guy, Clarence the Vs. Early this week, Clarence's team was reporting that he was planning to make his season debut at the Romania Pro Fest in November, where they believe the new improved Clarence has a real chance at walking away with the wind. If you remember back to the tail end of last year, Clarence had a run where it looked like he figured out how to put it all together. So if he's building on the foundation he laid down there, a winning Romania could definitely be within striking distance. As parents, we always tell our kids not to judge a book by its cover, which is ironic considering that adults are almost always more judgmental and dismiss it than their kids ever are. But when someone walks around as shredded as a hard cutie, I think judging the book by its cover is the only way to go. Now even though Sahar looks like he's eight weeks out of source close to his team told us that he's still in full off season mode and that he doesn't have any shows lined up at the moment. That being said, when Sahar's in shape, he's good enough to be a top five threat, no one's any show he enters. So if he does decide to jump into something at the last minute, he's not someone you want to take lightly. Here's a crazy number for you. 95. Any year that feels like it's been in eternity. Today we're only 95 days away from the Olympia, which means that we're only 95 days away from Missy Truscott taking another run at Whitney Jones Olympia title. According to Missy's team, this year she thinks she can take the fitness division to a whole new level, which is a bold state been considering that she'll need to unseat a two-time defending champion to do it. That being said, coming so close these last few years has to leave her with a sour taste in her mouth, and at this point, sipping a little victory champagne might be the only thing that can cleanse the palate. But if she does make good on her promise, we might indeed be on our way to taking the division to a whole new level. Part of being an athlete is learning how to swallow the ups and downs that come with competing at the highest level, and trust me, no one knows that better right now than my rot-roker. My roommate, Horukki debut with the New York pro last weekend, where she slid into seven places in a lineup that was insanely top-heavy. This week we had a chance to talk with my ores team behind the scenes, and let me tell you they weren't happy. They believe my record of easily placed two or three spots higher, which would have bumped her up into the top five in front of Sandra Kahallis and Maria Diaz. For young athlete jumping into a show this caliber, I think my or did more than enough to prove that she belongs in these conversations. So if she makes a few adjustments and uses a little bit of strategy to plan her next move, I can see her cracking the top three at some point before this year is all set and done. And that does it for yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning. I'm Dave Palombo reminding you to always be true to your passions, and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.