Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X Pro 30 year in a row and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching tasty pastry for the low carb hot tart, we've got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods, a muscle in the morning on Dave Palombo and today is Thursday September 3, 2020 and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Believe it or not, after months of waiting, the New York Pro is finally almost here and that means the world is about to see quint in Eureka on a bodybuilding stage for the first time this season. If you've been tracking the third year pro all throughout the course of this prep, then you already know that he's taken a few major leaps forward since last year. So much so that even I've heard some people throwing out the idea that he could be a challenge for a top three spot. The honest quittins made so much progress since last year that he almost looks like a completely different athlete. So the whole notion of him placing in the top three might not be as crazy as some people think because if it's conditioning is a hundred of a spent spot on, I think he's the type of athlete who could show up there and hurt a lot of people's feelings before it's all set and done. Last week in the news of actor Chadwick Boseman's passing came as a major shock to his millions of fans all over the world. During his short 43 years on his planet, Boseman was probably best known for his role in black Panther, which was a groundbreaking film for a lot of different reasons. So if I'm Dan Kovie Anderson and my nickname around bodybuilding is the black Panther, I'm making sure that I summon all of my superpowers for my season debut in Spain a few weeks from now. As I know that somewhere Chadwick Boseman is probably watching a few days ago I heard from a source that Anderson wasn't in fact planning to make his 2020 debut in Spain, where he's hoping to take advantage of the extended qualification window pro league officials put in place there. In the past when Dan Kovie was been on his game, he's shown that he can be a real problem. And if that's the guy who shows up in Spain, he can be all sorts of dangers. I have one more bit on the New York pro before we move on. The classic physique division. On paper, or at least what we've seen so far, this lineup looks like it should have some parody to it. And usually parody and good competition go hand in hand in bodybuilding. So I want to throw one name out there that I haven't heard too many people talking about. Corriol Kudiav. Corriol is the longtime prodigy of Dennis Wolff and from what I'm told, Corriol and Dennis are feeling very confident about what he's bringing to the table this year. Corriol had a strong off season made some key improvements in the right areas. And he's heading into the New York pro with the best conditioning of his career. In the past we've seen Corriol be someone who can consistently place inside the top three when he's dialed in. So if this newer bigger, better version of Corriol is ready to roll, like they say he is, he's someone you might want to keep your eye on. According to Stanford professor Jim Collins, the most successful companies have a clear understanding of what they can be the best in the world. And then they dedicate their time to executing a strategic plan to gain a competitive advantage. And if you sit back and look at the arc of a Roshe Robars career so far, it's almost like he's been locked up with the Collins model from day one. Earlier this week, a Roshe was spotted back in his old stomping ground at the East Coast Mecca where it looked to me like he was doing everything you'd expect on an athlete of his caliber to do. A Roshe is the perfect example of someone who understands who he is, what he does well, and how to mesh those two things together for the successful accomplishment of what he's doing. Because once you canal that formula down, the results speak for themselves. And that does it. Yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning on day polimbo reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.