Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X-Votes, our 30-year-to-row, and we're going to be doing today, we're going to be launching the tasty pastry for the low-car caulk tart, we've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to the legendary foods muscle in the morning, on day polonbo, and today is Thursday, September 17th, 2020, and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Time, place, and space. In retrospect, those are the three things we always look back at when the universe works things out in a way we didn't anticipate. And up until this point in the year, at least on the competition front, it doesn't feel like anything has gone according to plan for blessing a wavadoo. 2020 was supposed to be the year that blessing finally made his pro-dave you and took the pro league by storm. But that was before we all found out that 2020 was going to be the year when the universe gave us one giant cosmic middle finger. That being said, it does look like blessing might be gearing up to make another run in his pro-dave you, even though time, place, and space may not be exactly what he thought they'd be a few months earlier. There's going to be a ton of attention on the Europa Pro in Spain next month, which makes that feel like a logical landing spot. And since they have three Olympia qualification spots up for grabs, there's still a chance that this whole thing comes full circle and he ends up doing what he said out to do back when it all started. Week two of the NFL season starts tonight with a barely watchable game between the bangles and the rounds. And since O'Dell Beckham was a complete no-show in week one, maybe Baker Mayfield should think about dialing up George Peterson. With the Olympia lesson four months away, now it feels like George and his team are really starting to kick things up into high gear. Everyone I talked to tells me that George is completely dialed in all the way across the board, and that we should expect to see one of the most devastating packages that's ever set foot on the 12th stage. So that's the George we get, the one who's looking to single handedly raise the bar in the division, then this year's contest really could be the dawn of a new era. In his book The Winter Road, author Adrian Shelby writes that the road to redemption is often paved in blood. And you know that might seem a little hyperbolic since we're only talking about body building, but that doesn't mean that Reon Ansely is approaching this year's Olympia prep, like he's getting ready for war. Anyone who's tracked Reon during his off-season, Saudi Arabia was arguably more focused than he's ever been at any point in his career. And now that he's in full-scale prep mode, it seems like that focus has only intensified. This is a huge moment in Breon's career because winning back the title here could elevate him to almost iconic status. But the road to redemption is long and fraught with peril. So that means the only option is to leave a lot of wreckage in his wake. And finally, we want to send out a big get well soon shout out to Sandra Gourholics after undergoing surgery last week. The news came in as a shock on Thursday when Sandra announced on Instagram that she was heading in to have her procedure done. A few days later Sandra followed up with another post that indicated the surgery was indeed successful, that she was grateful for all of her thoughts, prayers, and messages that she'd received over the last 48 hours. Part of the reason why I think this news hit so hard was that we just saw Sandra compete and look amazing. It's a tamper pro a few weeks ago when she took second. So to have the pendulum seemingly swing in the complete opposite direction was hard to wrap our heads around. But as I said, thankfully she is on the road to recovery and hopefully she'll be back to business as usual before you know it. And that does it. The yet another edition of Muscle in the More on Day Palombo reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.