Wake up sleepy heads, it's Monday here at Muscle in the Morning. At this point in the season last year, there weren't too many people talking about Sidney Gillin as a potential figure-learn beer winner. And for reasons that I can't quite seem to understand, it kind of feels like that, again. And though it seems like it's been part of our strategy to keep a low profile since her weekend at the Arnold back in March, over the last few weeks we finally started to see a few signs of life from the figure divisions raining Olivia champion. From the few breadcrumbs that we've seen Gillin drop, it seems like she's right on track to come back and defend her title again. But give it how much of a grind these last 18 months have been. You have to wonder if she's got enough juice left in the tank to show up and deliver another knockout performance. When you get up to the elite level and pretty much anything in life, whether it be sports, business or bodybuilding, irrational confidence can be one of the things that gives someone the extra little push they need to separate themselves from the pack. And as far as I can tell, men's physique superstar Ryan Terry doesn't seem to be lacking much in the confidence department these days. Over the weekend, the Terry camp released a new update 10 weeks out from their latest Olympia 4A will be looking to climb a giant four-time defending champion size mountain that goes by the name Jeremy Bwayne Dia. Truth be told Terry is probably one of only two or three guys who actually has a legitimate shot of knocking off the champ this year if he's still not back to 100%. So it becomes out firing at all cylinders. You've got to think that he's at least got a puncher's chance of scoring the victory. I used to think that the only cool things to come out of Sweden were Vikings. Ikea an absolute vodka, which is the ultimate party starter just for the record. But after the year she's had so far, I think it's probably time to add bikini star in the making, free to pulse into that list. After ripping off five straight top three finishes already this season, the Swedish bomb shell has turned into another intriguing storyline in a division that hasn't had any shortage of drama so far this year. Since she entered the pro league three years ago, we've seen Palson slowly start to come into her own as a top tier athlete. But now that she's starting to demand some of the spotlight, it'll be fun to see what it takes to step up to the next level and develop into the bikini divisions next to lead talent. We are near so far in the classic physique division. With a ton of talented athletes coming out of the woodwork, making the name for themselves at some of these shows, including second year standout, Kenneth Owens. After two straight top eight performances, to start the year at the Arnold Classic and New York pro, the former Junior USA star, seems like he might be getting ready to fire up the engines again. Over the weekend, the Owens can't release a new clip from a recent leg session that gave his fans a chance to catch the sophomore sensation in action. When he's got it all working, Owens has one of those round flowing physiques that feels like it's tailor made for this division. With a few more improvements, this kid feels like someone who has the potential to develop into something dangerous over the next few years. If you haven't seen the New Jurassic World movie yet, you're missing out on one of the most badass man-made dinosaurs of all time. But even the boys out there in Jurassic World would have a hard time trying to grow something in the lab that was his badassest seven-time Olympia champ, Phil Heath. Last week, we saw a King Phil release another short teaser in his quest to make history, which some people think is a foregun conclusion at this point. Even with the big rommies of the world making all sorts of waves, it's still hard to imagine a scenario where anyone comes in who's good enough to knock off Phil at this stage of his career. And borrowing someone coming completely out of left field, I think it all likely would. We'll find ourselves talking about how much longer he wants to keep this run up after number eight is officially in the record books. And that does it yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning on the Palombo reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.