Welcome back to live with Brought to You by Species Nutrition. Visit speciesnutrition.com. I'm Dave Palombo. And today's guest is a new IFB Classic Physic Pro. His name, Rory Molnir. And he's got a terrific story. So I want to get him on here to inspire you guys. This has been Inspiration Week here at rxmuscle.com. And Rory can grab relations on the ProCard victory. Thank you very much, Dave. Thanks for having me on the show. Man, 32 years old, you've lived a lot of life already. It's unbelievable what you've gone through, huh? Yeah, for sure. There's definitely been a lot, a lot that's happened, but a lot of good things have happened since my past. Let's take people back. Let's start what happened to you. And then we'll talk about how you achieved what you did. Because you were severely into drugs. Tell us how bad your drug had it was. It was about as bad as it could get in my opinion. How did start? It was pretty typical. I was young. I got in with the background when I was very young. I was into smoking pot when I was in like 5th grade. I started very, very young. But yeah, it was basically that smoking pot drinking. And it graduated to pills and cocaine and eventually heroin. And that became the thing that I did. How does a young guy find these drugs? Did they have that available in schools nowadays? They're more readily available than alcohol, honestly. People that want to get messed up. It's easier for kids to get drugs, really. Then it is to get booze. Crazy. It's an unfortunate reality, but it's just an epidemic, especially in the schools nowadays. Kids are all getting into heroin and pills and everything in very young age. It's like very, very sad. Are kids actually injecting heroin? Or are they like snoring at how they're using? Yeah, I think most people start with snoring it just because, you know, it's just scary to inject it. But if you stick with it long enough, I mean, you either will die before you get to the needle or you'll get there. You know, it's good. Is the needle that much better than the nose wrap? I mean, yeah, I guess so. More than anymore, it's definitely more effective. Right. It's efficient. How old were you the first time you took a shot of heroin? I think I was 23. So my heroin addiction with in terms of intravenous wasn't terribly long, but it escalated very quickly. It started off with sniffing a couple bags and soon it was doing like 50 bags a day. Wow. What is a bad cost? What is it cost? It's a couple hundred dollars a day, really. Wow. How do you pay for that? When you sell you the stuff, how did you pay for it? You know, I worked. I was worked full time, but that didn't cover it. I mean, yeah, I sold ended up selling some drugs and, you know, towards the end, you know, I was stealing and doing the stuff that, you know, junkies do. Right. Right. But what was the final straw? You know, I had, it was in 2013. I just hit a low. You know, it was a long time coming and ended up getting arrested. You know, I think I got like 15, 20s that year. Oh my god. I ended up going to jail. And when I was in jail, I just came to the realization I was either going to change or I was going to die. I was either going to live that life for the rest of my life, or I was going to do something about it. When I got out, I had no place to live. You know, my parents were very supportive. They loved me and they wanted me to do better. So they did what they needed to do and kind of pushed me out. And that was the best thing that could happen because if I was, you know, if I was under the wing of my parents anymore, I never would have gotten out of my own and gotten better. So I ended up going to a long-term rehab and I completed that program and when I got out, I was a year clean. Wow. So I was in there for years. I was in there for a year. So I got out, I got my own apartment. And the meantime, I was working a job for a commercial contractor. And you know, that guy was great. He picked me up every day because I didn't have a license to never car. And you know, he gave me a really good job and I continued to work from when I got out. And you know, pretty much the rest is history. I started to work out a little bit here and there in the meantime. And I was enjoyed being active. You know, I was, I have a background in martial arts when I was younger and a rest over in high school. So I was always very athletic, but that kind of went to the waist side when the drugs kind of took over. So I got back in the, you know, working out in my sponsor actually had gotten in membership to the gym. So when I got out, remember I got my tax return. And I was like, I'm going to go to the mall, I got all the gear. I knew shoes and some gym clothes and a gym membership and that was it. And that was three and a half years ago. It's great to trade one addiction for another way more productive addiction for body balleron. Oh, my god. Yeah. Of course. And you get the same feeling really. It's just not as direct. You got to work for it. Yeah. Exactly. You got to actually, I sweat a little bit. Yeah, right. Do you still got a meeting, isn't it something that? Yeah, yeah. I still have a meeting. I still talk to people. I still have a sponsor. You know, for me, you know, I'm not willing to really chance it anymore. So, you know, even though bodybuilding takes up a huge part of my life, I make sure that recovery is a part of it also because without that, there's no anything else. You want to be, excuse me, getting started. You get a jet. Yeah. Are you one of these guys that like every single day you have a desire to do heroin? No, no. Okay, because I know I've talked to other addicts who like that. There are people that are like that, but you know, I always tell people that that's a huge part of your life and that's like a driving factor when you're in it. You know, you're motivated to find ways to do whatever you want to do in terms of drugs or whatever. And in order to get past that, you need to find something else that motivates you and become something else. So, it's like, if you're always the same person, you're always going to do the same thing. So, you got to change. So, that was the biggest thing for me, you know, I found a goal and I wanted to work towards something and that was probably the biggest part of me continuing to stay sober was that I found a passion. Because without that, you know, I'd be like sitting there like, like, wait, not going at the whole time and that's not in any way to live. So, what is your advice that this guy's out there watching now who say, hey, you know, I'm in the same situation, I'm an addict, you know, I don't know how to get out of it. What's the first step, you know, would you say, to get in clean? Well, I mean, the first thing I think is to be honest with somebody else about it. Because by nature, I think we just like to hide things, you know, human nature in general, like our flaws, we don't like to put them out in the open. Unfortunately, that's kind of what you have to do to get past your addiction is to reach out. So, there's hotlines, there's websites that you can go to NNJ, I mean, for New Jersey, it's NNJA, at NNJA.com for AA meetings and stuff. There's, you know, listings and whatnot and so get to a meeting and find somebody you can talk to. Basically, you have to kind of be at a point where you're ready to do anything. I mean, that's kind of where I was at. I was desperate. So, until you reach that point, I feel it's kind of like difficult to truly get past it. Would you be like the sort of person that if someone out there was in your situation and they wanted to contact you, would you be willing to talk to them? Of course, man, yeah, I mean, I'm always available to talk to people. You know, there's been times when people have reached out to me and I've been there for him and I would do that in a heartbeat. So, with anybody needs to talk for sure, you can reach out to me and reach out to me through Instagram, my Instagrams, approrypovitch.com. If people think that's my last name, that's good. Yeah, that's good. I like that. I like that. I like that. Let's talk about this classic physique thing because you're a pro now. That means you're really good. Did you know you had this natural talent for physique development prior to your whole drug thing? Absolutely not. I never planned on going to the gym and saying, you know, I was inspired by bodybuilding, but I never thought I could be involved in the sport just because I looked at myself and I looked at these guys and at the time there was no classic physique. So there was men's physique and, you know, I wasn't so interested in that and there was bodybuilding and I'm like, yeah, I'm not really on that level. So, you know, it was a nice segue, but in the time that I got sober, I put on probably 55 pounds of muscle, I'd say. And yeah, it was wild. But yeah, I didn't have any intention of becoming a bodybuilder or getting involved or doing a show. I started working out and people were telling me, yeah, you should do a show. And enough people told me to the point where I was like, oh, I'm going to do a show. And I just made it to my next goal. So that's kind of how it started. Actually, I was watching some videos and I wanted to go up to beds to get Steve's opinion, which probably at the time might have not been a great idea, but because I looked terrible, but I ended up meeting Justin up there. Justin, L.A.M.I. my friend, he took a look at me and saw some of my poses and said, yeah, you got something that you can work with, but you got a lot of work to do. So that was a year and almost two years ago now. And yeah, we put some work in. And the Atlantic State's last year was my first show and I won that show. And I won that class, my class B in that show. And then I went on to university and I was terrible. So nervous, I looked around and I think I immediately was just flooded with court as all and was just like, right, just yeah, looked terrible. But that was my mission statement was, you know, next year I'm going to come in. I don't care what happens, but I'm going to be 100%. And that's pretty balsy. Second show, however, you were up on a pro qualifier stage. So you probably ran over your head experience wise, really. Yeah, for sure. I definitely, I don't know that. And that's certainly blown there, but, you know, it was a good experience. It was definitely something I needed. It was humble for sure. Yeah. And you come back this year. How many pounds of muscle in the game for the last year? I from last year, I was on stage at 193 at Atlantic States. And I was I was 197. Wow. Or no, I was 199 this year. Okay. So it was like six pounds of muscle, but I think the conditioning is still so. Sure. So now you're pro. I mean, it was very good year. You're pro now. It didn't pause the game. Do you feel like, is it like a let down now? You know, because after you win, it's like, all right, now what do I do? You know, honestly, I actually had that feeling where I was ecstatic. But we were packing up everything in the hotel room. And I was like sad. I'm like in, like vacation's over. Yeah. It happened too fast, right? Exactly. It was just done. And then, man, now it's back to real life. But yeah, I mean, it was overall probably one of the best experiences in my life. And I got to share it with my girlfriend and my daughter and my family. It was awesome. Is your family like in shock that you actually have, you know, overcome the heroin addiction? And now you're actually done something crazy productive? Yeah. And they're so proud. You know, they tell me you're very often. My father is like 30 years sober from drinking. So he kind of had a difficult time with me. Does he always want to me to do the right thing? Sure. He had hard time balancing what he could do and what he couldn't do, you know, to help me. And, but now yeah, they're very proud of me and they're, they're amazed. You know, my dad is always telling me he's like texting me and saying, oh, hey, Mr. Pro. What are you doing? It's just wild. They're not, you know, they don't know much about body. Right. Very, very, very supportive. Do you guys have, you and Justin, have you picked out a pro show you want to do next year? Um, not quite. I just know that for me, I want to take a four year at least. Um, so what I was saying is maybe Tampa. Um, but that's just that speculation right now. Right. I'm not really sure. I just know that I want to grow and keep making improvements. But also, uh, it have a little bit of some normalcy for a while. You know, just just get back to normal and enjoy my daughter. She's, she just turned two on the 23rd and, um, I'll have to, you know, there was a lot of times. That was a week. That was a week out and I was like, how to birthday parties. So I felt pretty bad, but, um, you know, it was worth it. Excepting worth it. They don't really, it two years old. They don't really know anyway. Yeah. Next year, right next year, my son's two and a half. They don't know. Yeah. Just all of the, the family and the in more. Right. Like, what the hell is this guy doing? Sleeping on the couch. Well, Roy, congratulations. Huge win. Got the pro card. We'll see you on a pro stage next year. You've overcome the addiction of people want to get in touch with him. Check out his Instagram. Uh, you know, I think the message is sending is, is terrific. There's a lot of people suffering with addiction out there. If you could overcome a serious heroin addict, the way you, a heroin addiction, the way you did and come out on top, the way you have. Uh, that's, uh, that's the, that's the, Isn't that the American dream, really? Yeah. I mean, sure. And, you know, I'm definitely, um, very enthusiastic about helping people, so if anybody does want to reach out for sure, please do. Don't, don't hesitate. And I mean, there's certainly a way to overcome this. And, um, you know, if I can do it, anybody can, because I'm, I'm fine heart at heart, pretty lazy. I really don't like to do that much, but, um, when it comes to bodybuilding, I kind of took that in a different direction. So, uh, but, yeah, so thank you very much for having me on the show. Sure. And enjoy the victory and enjoy that, uh, that IPB crowcard. I'm sure you'll be purchasing it very shortly to have it in your wallet. Yes. I will. Thank you very much. All right. That's going to take us to the end of another episode of live with WikiVidi, Specy Nutrition Visit speciesnutrition.com. I'm Dave Palumbau. We'll see you next time.