Welcome back to RX Muscles RX Spotlight. I'm Dave Palombo and today we're going to be highlighting two special competitors and this show is going to be dedicated from now on in the future into highlight new competitors. Maybe not people who are household names but competitors who have overcoming obstacles, people are new to the stage but who have made some of a splash their first time out. And today's guests are Anna Heritage and Gary Cheney her coach. I want to welcome you guys to the first edition of our spotlight. Thanks for having us Dave. Thanks for having me. Now Anna you had a very story that might normally seem like an incredible story of overcoming incredible odds to get the stage but in today's world of COVID it seems like your story is becoming all too common. The lays getting on stage because of COVID not having a gym available. You had an accident we're going to talk about in there as well. How frustrating was it getting to your fairy first show? Would you by the way, one the overall at my good friend Dean Kabudak showed this the few weeks ago? It it was a process that's for sure. Last year was frustrating beyond words. This year was frustrating beyond words just getting to the stage after everything that happened last year and then a really frustrating 18 week prep but we finally made Anne thankfully it was all worth it with the overall and everything but yeah like you said one thing after another. And now you first of all the show is the NPC North Coast championships once again run by my good friend Dean Kabudak who was a great bodybuilder back in his day we've interviewed him before and you decided hey you know what I want to compete you you committed to doing it you had been training for a couple of years and then things started to go wrong give us the timeline that you basically followed and all the different incidents that kind of popped up. So last year we started prepping before COVID had ever been thought of or anything. Everything was great my body responded perfect no issues. We got to about two weeks out and then that's when everything started shutting down and canceling so of course show that canceled two weeks out needless to say I was devastated. Now when you would I know that you know I have different competitors I work with and sometimes incidents pop up they can't compete did you go crazy need everything in sight after that. Oh absolutely absolutely I it was probably a month straight so that was a series depression yeah. I and then it was just one thing after another after that I ended up losing my job because they're setbacks and the company just had to downsize basically so then I was unemployed and had nothing to work towards at that point or so I felt like I had to help me health issues my dad was in the hospital just one thing after another took it's with the gyms closed up are you at any point yeah so the gyms closed down about one week into my reverse and it was just all downhill from there those basement workouts were not cutting it. It's hard to motivate yourself at home especially after you know stopping a week or two weeks out from your show and I get understand how that could definitely thrust you into depression and it's just losing your job and having you dad in the hospital said you know what pulled you out of all this. To be honest with you it took a long time really it wasn't until like fall when I finally got through my back surgery like well I'm sure we'll talk about but what happened what you're back now was that we were back to the gym or had that happened before the gym closed. So right after the gyms opened back up we were back to training for maybe two weeks and I just kind of hit it a little bit too hard did a little bit too much right off the back and then we lightly blowing out one of the discs in my lower back so then I was right back out of the gym. What would a woman you know of your size your bikini competitor I mean we do in crazy heavy lifts or what actually blew your disc out. I think it was a combination of trying to go too heavy too soon like just getting back into the gym and just too hard of training. What did you do? What were you actually doing when you when you had popped it? I was it was leg days both times I was doing hamstring curls squats, arty else and I think my form was just off a little bit and I was pushing it too hard and it was just so it was of one specific movement it was just like a accumulation of stuff. Yeah I kept making it worse and making it worse and then I was on the squat rack the one day and completely blew it out and then was on the floor. Oh so you went down you went down that's what I was wondering do you actually fell to the ground that that's that's not a good sign usually yeah. Yeah it was hurting pretty bad before that but then that was the final stride and so they actually went you actually had to get surgery to get that fixed. I did I went through that pain for about a month it was really to the point where I couldn't even walk or move off of the couch. Finally found a surgeon and everything to do it and then had surgery about a month later. Now when you started the rehab process is that when you met Gary and Gary started coaching you. Shortly after so I had the surgery and then it was about six weeks where I wasn't allowed to do absolutely anything then I had to go through physical therapy for a couple months and then right after that in the fall is when I met Gary and when we started working together. Now Gary what when you when you met or what kind of potential did you think you know she had in terms of for for bikini did you see that she had the potential to win a show or did you just you say you know what I'll just a lot of times I get clients I start working with them and I don't even know what their potential is and all of a sudden they start losing weight and getting in shape and I'm like oh my god she looks great. Yeah so you could I could definitely see some potential every night you can wait this because of all time and with any new client you don't necessarily know what the work ethic is or how much they want it those kind of things but you know as we got to working together and so on you start to learn more about her you start to see those things develop and you know we we developed the saying that we were you know we had to come back and that we went to ruin some people's days because she had a long journey to the stage and we wanted to make it all worth it so that was pretty much how things started rolling for us. Yeah and you want your pro-card at the 2019 North American Championships in men's physique and you'll actually be competing wide in October at the Kentucky Pro. Yeah that's where that's the plan as of right now should be starting a flat here with the next few weeks and get to get back to it. Oh good luck at that show. Now Anna when you when you eventually got into shape obviously you show up at the show. Do you feel confident going to to first show right so I mean how did you feel going into the show in terms of like can I win this or were you going there just to you know basically hey I'm gonna do my best you know if I placed up five that's great what was your mindset going in. When I started out I was like oh I'm gonna win this and then we got further into prep but deeper got a little bit depleted a little bit hungry and a very Indian both had to talk me off the ledge quite a few times and at that point I was like let's just get to the stage let's just do the damn thing and be done with it I didn't have like any expectation expectations that day but it definitely went better than planned so I'll take it. Right now after you win a big show like that you know you win the overall and the cany obviously now everyone's like oh you gotta do the national you gotta do this you gotta do that obviously you know sometimes you can get a head of yourself reallessly when you look at yourself and you evaluate the pictures and how you did um what do you see do you want to go to the next level right away are you taking some time to make improvements for next year what's the goal this point? Um honestly I would love to go to nationals this year but I know looking at myself I'm not on that level yet even though I did qualify to go so the plan for now is just to kind of take a step back focus on growing getting better focus on my um weak areas and then we're gonna go for it next year and see how it goes in nationals and you know that that's a smart plan you know back in the day when when I used to compete in the 90s and then 2000s and Dean can tell you this too you know just because you qualify for the nationals because you want a regional show doesn't mean you go to the nationals if you're not ready for it so I think that's a smart move in the sense that you're you've evaluated your physique you know what your what your weaknesses are and your strengths and you can go now back to the drawing board so to speak work on that and come back better next year and I think that I think more people should you know take that approach a lot of people think oh I'm qualified I got to do nationals but you know what number one it's very expensive okay to compete and show you've got a travel there you got a paidy entry fees and you got to hotel food tanning make up hair suits all this stuff and then you know if you're not ready it's kind of just it can be discouraging and you know it's sometimes it takes away that little edge you might have had from doing well and winning the show you did exactly I could very more so I'm glad that we made that decision and we are going to wait until next year I just I think it's in our best interest so I'm just excited to see what we can do in the next year and what we can bring to the table next year Gary what would you like to see her improve upon in our physique over the next year um I think in this board you you can you can really improve everywhere unless you have a place where you just destroy everybody and on any given day especially at the national level she can be beaten any area so when we talk about her there's some posing mistakes we saw um shoulders could be more round and we're talking bikini you can always bring the glutes out she has good development in her quads so we just have to watch how big we're we're getting down you know down low but you know it's the overall pack is there's you know there's always somewhere to think her confidence you know I can talk things outside of her physique her confidence you know and just there was a lot of she stresses herself out more than she needs to so just it's just an air and care for and you know a little bit there now I I see a physique with a terrific structure a small waist I almost can see you moving up the figure if you really want to is that something that might be on the table you're not the first person to tell me that actually but I'm not sure how I feel about it I really like bikini so I think I'm gonna stick with that for now if but I'll never say never we'll see what happens down the road mate I mean even down the road I mean if you continue training I mean you like you said Gary she's got pretty big legs and you even wellness might not be out of the question you know yeah that's I mean we'd have to train to the next step or not the question yeah all right well I wanted I want to congratulate both of you guys Gary on a great job with the coaching Anna on your first big win at the overall at the NPC North Coast championships and I know you guys are training at Dean's powerhouse gym there so you're and I'm sure you got some great equipment going on over there and I really think very highly of Dean and I'm sure I'll take good care of you guys and thanks for joining us today and hopefully motivating a bunch of people and the bottom line is keep training don't stop and you can't fail right always thanks guys that'll take us to the end of our first edition of our X muscle spotlight I'm Dave Palembot we'll see you next time