10 and 9 You're my and I'm a fool Every for two guys who can't handle the truth The truth you can't handle the truth but we can't be humble Chris Asito Our Exfossil.com presents every muscle What are you? What's up? Welcome to another episode of Heavy Muscle Radio. I'm Dave Palombo and I'm joined as always By the technician Chris Asito on this September 28th 2000 and 20 evening and Chris We are almost in October ready. I can't believe it I can't believe the summer's gone. We're into full and We're falling down as a Some people would say but We're getting close to the Olympia I noticed, well, I wanted to say that I noticed that we got to be certain that article Where the, um, it's planet Hollywood Which is where the show is being taken place is closed right now Now, I also saw another article Dan Solomon actually said me where it says it's supposed to Reopen on October 8th Is this, uh, is this, I would be nervous Rack of I with the people from Olympia wouldn't you? Um, I'm in business. I'm a nervous wreck So, um, I think they have every reason to be a nervous wreck It's just the idea that, you know, The flow is going to fly in here soon, right? And what that means is that people are going to be sick from the flow And everyone who gets sick from the flow is going to be worried to have COVID Right? So, you're right, you're right. If you work at, let's say one of these hotels and you call in sick and they say, what was the Matter you say, oh, my body aches, I got a high temperature You know, you know, return to insurance, you know, I mean, in liability where you all know, tell or you're managing the hotel You tell your employees, you know, even Chris both have body aches And sick and calling in with high temperatures, but not opening today Yeah, well, I just found an article I'll put it up That shows that planet Hollywood is supposed to Return to the Vegas strip in early October, this thing October 8th They're reopening it, uh, October 8th But the hotel portion opening for the weekend And they can see no back in action daily With return or planet Hollywood comes a batch of restaurants Making the return as well, so You know, what's odd about the hotels closing in casinos When Caesar's had to close down Since they never closed, they didn't even have to close the front doors Right, because the open 24 hours? Yeah, I know. They never imagined it. So they weren't even sure how to do it It's crazy, really, you're better right? Yeah. But look at the real, it's a real problem I mean, I hope everything is, you know, in Florida they open everything The governor basically said no more restrictions on anything He tells you a question asked how much I like No, because I'm not talking to him I still think that it's, you know, it might as well be So that is safe and sorry, I always believe, you know So no, I can see that going that he opened it up Because I have my rentals down there, which That's good to use for you, I guess, right? Yeah, quasi good news until I end up like the, you know, the Olympic hotel I'm shut back down. Yeah, do you think that that might be a problem To be on the Olympic? But they might shut it down again. I think that, you know, the problem of Vegas is Right, it's a transit area. You know, it's not like main reporters Canada Which is sealed off from the US And then we boarded New Hampshire and the Atlantic Ocean And that's it. If people flying it all the time from anywhere Into Vegas Mm-hmm So it only takes, you know, Whatever Ten super spreaders and intoxicate the whole place Right, I don't, I don't have the, the, this Vegas is surviving This whole quarantine No idea If those hotels, thinking about what those hotels Must cost to run A day Per day Electric bill Yeah What about the mortgage on those places, you know, That they owe the banks here? Do you see time, did you have the auto-police Said you from Times Square from, was it? TGIFs Yeah One of the chain restaurants in Times Square Right There income is down 93% since Oh Marko They used to do, they're doing $2,500 a day And they used to do 30, 35,000 a day And it probably cost them like A kangaroo day just to survive there Because with the rents Some of the hotels in Times Square They converting to apartments Are they really, wow? Yeah, cut to them Yeah Maybe you can get in there and grab some cheapies I know Well, we'll call it a pseudo-polombo Ha ha ha I think the governor of Florida is opening everything up Because he wants everyone move it here I can't, you know, I know my real estate friend Gwen here is telling you the people are buying houses Chris I'm sure Side unseen Just on video tours they're seeing I'm like, it's crazy People want to get into, you're like, where you are Yeah Right where I am, I'm talking about, yeah I mean, I would consider your quote out in the country Right? I mean, David's not on top of each other Well, just where I'm, yeah, but you know what? What I am is like kind of like an anomaly Even in my area The house is a closer, most of the house I'm just happy to live in a little kind of, you know, private community But most people don't have as much property as I have So my goal is to, I'm like, you know, I'm a real estate I want the whole block, you know I want the game for the street Yeah What my sister, I got to get my sister across the street I got to get you, I got to find a big lot for you Also to move down to Yeah, I may have to text us keep going out That's right Because you're going to be a Donald Trump paid 750, you see that I, yeah, 750 bucks don't know Yeah, I'm worried about even main With the nature of each percent, stating, come to act You know, people always ask me this And I'm not that a debt on it But how would, how do, very wealthy people get away with Not paying tax because they have a lot of right-offs Is that with the promise? I mean, that's what they do it They have a pencil with a huge eraser on it No, I know, but what is if they have like a lot of businesses that are losing money So it comes off the ducks from there What they're required to pay I think, I think the thing with him is that He had a billion dollar loss in 1990, a billion And you can carry that forward for five years, right? No, I think it's, I think it's, I think it's about 20 years Oh, I didn't know that Real estate might be 20, it might be in contismal until the To the billion dollars is used up Wow So he has a loss of a billion And then he has income of a billion He ends up paying zero Oh, I said, no, that makes sense But I think it's more to it than that Who knows what's, but I could say I did see the 750 And that is a lot though, you know, I mean, that's probably hurt 750 bucks I know, I'm not making it, you're joke Hey, so this is paying something, right? Yeah But he did take a big cut in salary But he money became president, right? And he said he, and he doesn't take the money from the president, right? He doesn't take a salary He gives it to Donald Jr. I think Oh, he doesn't repeat The old Jr is a big bodybuilding fan from where he's in there Yeah, you know, he watches the show Oh, gosh Yeah, better be nice What did you hear that from? I know people who know He's a little less comfortable show, as I guess He weren't, he trains, he trains, yeah, and he's a bodybuilder He said him is in many products, he if he used I should, if I can get it and dress on him I should send him a little care package Why didn't he send it and carry the white on, so get there Well, Donald doesn't, Donald doesn't work out Because he says he doesn't want to lose any energy, right? Yeah, he doesn't He's getting serious He's conserving energy Yeah Well, for someone who's age, he's got a lot of energy He does I hope I have a chance I think though he's, you know, they always said that Teddy Roosevelt was very manic He, but you know how like some people are a what they called by polar, which is be manic And then they can go into the press or stage in the romantic Yeah Suppose he said he Roosevelt was the only truly manic person And that's why they said he was so, you know, but he, he got so much done The guy never slept, he was just completely manic I don't think Donald's quite as bad as that, but I think he's got a lot of just energy You know, just, yeah He likes what he does He wakes, he can't wake the wake up and then, you know, it started sort of speed He may pop some add-on on those I don't know, when there's, all right, let's talk about some stuff Did you see Lee priest is, um, I'm taking a lot of ribbon Because he has a go-fund me campaign up Yeah, for what? Well, he wants to, he's looking to fund his, um, he needs to get some surgery Hey, look at his eyes Just another COVID related, the last COVID thing I'm going to say I just got off the go-fund me page Because music venues talk about being no business whatsoever at all, period Oh, no concerns, you mean? Yeah, so I was donating to my local different music venues No, that's nice, yeah Maybe you can donate to Lee priest, the neck and operation and stem cell treatment What's he, what's he, how much he's trying to raise? 100 grand y'all see, which is about 69,000 US Because he says he's got to go out of country, he's got to get the operation, he's got to get stem cells Which are very expensive, and then he's good, then then it's going to cost him so much to do the show And get prepared, see if he and I'll just throw it all in If they're, because the fans are always saying they want to see him on stage He said, well, if they want to see me on stage, let him fund it, five bucks a fan And, you know, and he'll be able to do the show Which is he pretty so far? Yeah, but three grand, but I, it's funny because a lot of people completely going off And so I did a little, I did a little interview with him last night Just to, you know, get people riled up And people just, they're like out, so I'm most able to don't care But a lot of people just outrage, that he would, how dare he drive around a mozzarella And then try to raise money, you know, well, don't donate money then That's what I said, you know, with Lee, the guy, well, with Keras Oh, I didn't know he drives mozzarella, I think he's going to go find me He's broke, like the music places of broke His whole thing, his whole thing is that he's like, well, if I'm going to, you know, Let's like Trump raised in money or Biden raising money, you know, for his good Re-election campaign. I mean, they have a lot of money themselves, why do they need to raise money? Because they don't want to spend their own money, you know, people want to see him Like the Daytona money. If you want to see Lee, pre-skip back on stage, you know, And have to get his neck fixed so he can, he can compete, you know, with the symmetrical body because he's got like some nerve damage on one side And you got to be got to fork over a few bucks and I think enough people Lovely priest, I'm sure black been probably donated to $1,000 So, to the fund. How long is he, so he has three grand out of sixty nine grand, how long is he, As a man to the three? I don't know, I guess he'll run his long as he's got it. He's only been doing it a couple days. He's up to twenty eight hundred bucks now, twenty eight seventeen. Well, you know, that's good publicity that you've had a lot. Yeah. Good publicity. Nick Trigili is going nuts like on this whole thing. Like so I, which Rich Lee loves, you know, the fact loves to rip a, you know, Rip Nick Trigili stuff. Why would Nick Trigili say? No, he's outranged it. He's going to do a whole podcast on it, And at least like, you know, making fun of him and everything like that. You know, breaking his balls a little bit. So anyway, if you want to donate to the lead priest, to neck and operation and stem cell treatment fund, and you can go on and go Fund me and click on that. I get, I get no proceeds. He did say he's going to have me coach him now. If he gets the, the operation. I know, but he, that's why he's going to use me, just to get people mad at him. I don't know. He wants me to be part of team priest. He would prefer that you, that you train him actually, you know, but I just cut so. That's true. You'd like to work with me. I bet you could probably do a good job. Well, because he's older. So, you know, you, you got Sean Rotten's older. They're about the same age. Come all's 50, so if you're, you, you, you, you, you may be you're going to be the old man. You're, you old man. Did you, hey, you know what, I heard that, um, Birdle Fox died. Did you hear that? No, I did. And so I'm talking to that. I don't know if it's true or not. I've been trying to look it up. Keep asking you to get Rick Wayne on the show. Asked him, he, he was, he had me in hard. What did he say? No, he's like, I don't know. It's like it was complicated, you know. That's him. He's complicated. But, you know, when you do the interview with him, you'll say, you know, it was worth it. No, I want to, I, I, I talked about what he went back and forth in a little bit. I'm sorry. Nothing against, nothing against no one who thinks they are been around the sport for a long time. Yeah. I'm quite a Joe leader. I don't think anyone knows the inside of the school. And anyone knows the inside with, you know, Arnold, Franco and John, Generation, and as much as Rick Wayne. No, I know. I want to get him on. I've been, I've been reaching out. Rick Wayne for people who don't know, was an unbelievable bodybuilder, phenomenal physique, who ended up being the editor and chief of muscle build of what was muscle fitness. And people don't even know what that is, right? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Which would bring me back. Did Rick Wayne know the brutal talk? Well, you, why you saying it? There I think that from the same kind of book from saying, Richard, believe. Oh, really? Oh, so that's the connection. Yeah. And Rick was Joe's right, right, right here, man. And then he wanted, and one day he said, okay, no more, no more nothing can be with five building. There's Rick Wayne right there for those of you don't know. And the 60s, as I'm looks like Jose Raymond's out. Yeah. Or Bill Graham. Looks like he looked like Bill Graham. Yeah. Yeah, he, he, him and I went back at Facebook a few times and I, I, I, I, I get so distracted. I got to keep on top of these guys. You know, sometimes he's older guys with it with the technology. Or not says good, you know, with the internet connections. And it's a little more difficult to make it happen. But I'll do it. Now, our friend over there at my sugar daddy, you know, that website. My sugar daddy still controlling. That's the name of YouTube channel. He put up another video last week. He had the video of me doing the black bean impressions. This week he had me doing, NASA impressions. So let me see if I could figure out how to put that up. I want to put it up with the, with the voice. You know, you're, your NASA impression and your black man, if all your impressions, so the best when you're completely and utterly exhausted. Yeah. So, the only the best when we're literally ready to policy. I know. I think I had a show to you. Okay. I think I can do it now. Hold on. All right. I even look like NASA there a little bit. Sure. Let's let me play this thing. This is worth playing the whole thing. It's pretty, I even left. Sometimes I get embarrassed by this thing, but I actually thought I did pretty good. So, a story in the eight did poison me because he was worried that I was coming for his title. I think I was poisoned at the 97 Olympia where I should have brought home the first place trophy. Many people in the tens, you've, you've, a jumbo, a jumbo, you've, you've told me that yourself. Yes, yes, that I should have won. But I think that the, I think the Dorian has poisoned me, yes. NASA, you know, why would Dorian pour poison you? He won the show. Yes, that, that, that, that, that's very involved. I, I cannot go into it right now, but I believe that to be true. Training is always good enough. Season with the closer come to a contest. The less you feel good, actually while you're working out because you're low carbs. The tired, you're going to three times on a belly base of the gym. So the closer come to show them my exhaustive attack, basically get. Yes, it's exciting though, isn't it? I would say it's exciting if you finish while if you don't finish while it's not exciting. Oh, yeah, that's. Can you depress and you still think Ronnie's the guy to beat? Um, I'm your friend. Um, no, all guys are the top six last year. Um, very good guys and all the top six guys from us here in the previous year. Could have won once or twice the, the Olympia before. It's, uh, not only Ronnie, Kevin is very good. Sean is very good. Flex, there's not competing this year. It's also very good. Also Chris, come here. Thank you. And, uh, for sure, I think I can switch you with the right. So I really like it, the specific day. Well, thanks very much for talking to us and now I'll leave you two fans. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, dude, you look very good. Uh, yes, yes. And I would go to the bathroom and if I was hanging out with some girl, he would like try to, you know, give him his room key and he'd be like, Oh, I have no stress of body. And, uh, I don't know why you were with that guy. I speak eight languages and, you know, he is a drug monster. And if you watch me out on us now, I thank you my friend and I say, Good night. That's awesome, buddy. Oh, my God, do you can't make this stuff off this is good stuff? I believe that, uh, Anyway, that's my tribute to NASA. Yes, thank you very much. Yeah, that was a good question. Yeah, yes. Chris, I think that it would be good for you to work with the, the majitly priest because he, He needs all the help you can get. Maybe you can get the Sean Ray to lend him the, the lifts that he wears in his shoes so that he looks taller at the press conference. Lee, Lee might do well with that. But if he decides to do the, to 12 division, Maybe he could be the midget champion. I think that he probably has, you know, I call him armzilla because he only has arms, but You know, That was the most politically correct to NASA probably ever was. Oh, yeah, yeah, that was even picked the bad one. You know, usually he's insulting to the women interviewers. Well, I'm just he's just throw a second one under the bus lightly. Yeah, he's, he's not the most politically correct person. Let's talk about, um, I don't know, what do we want to talk about? Well, I wanted to just mention there was, there was a, there was a pro show. This past weekend and like Tahoe, there was a bikini pro show that was won by. Actually, you know, Ashley caught us to loss the show. She was she's been in almost every show this year. Can he see Sam's all one that show. He's pulper picture. Everyone says we don't cover the women anymore. I want to at least give them some sort of do. Who's everyone? There we go. I'm stalling here. Dave, see my radio to be on me. Yeah, what about that? I found out today that you know, I've ready to just worry about it. I can only imagine why. For during the, I don't know, Mr. the radio. I know. And that makes of 1918. They are meant to heat up apartment building so hot that you can leave all the windows open all winter. Wow, really. So I thought they were to kill the bed bugs maybe back then. So that things could, you know, air could circulate and it could still be like 75 degrees in the apartment. Huh, interesting. People make one of my radio behind me. That's, well, yeah, I mean, you have an old house. Like, you have one of your house built originally. I mean, 18 something something something something something. Yeah, I mean, my father would call that a classic. It is a classic. This girl lives the winter. Casey Sample. Yeah. Crazy. How many people need this spend? That's it. She had the TV Girls so good nowadays compared to what they were when they first started. That is off the hook. She said, I would call them. Your beard. What does it call them? Be your barrel. Yes, I'm kind of named like the. The, the duty to listen. She looks like somebody grow. Yeah, it's I mean, the bikini of these types of bikini girls are really really impressive. I love the physics actually. I didn't like it when it first started because it was really like a hot body contest now. It's Really athletic you know And Ashley she beat Ashley caught once I've pulled that picture and she was impressive too She's always impressive. She's the three-time Olympic Olympic Olympic a chave and the you know what the finding crisis When she won the Olympia I didn't like her physique. I thought that they were given her gifts because I didn't really she didn't really have a lot of You didn't like it. You was Like that she didn't have enough Leanness and muscle right right she was she was athletic but she had no like like her body just look like she had been training for six months, you know Now she's got a killer body Good sessions I mean, but she's got she's you see her also she's but watch her Instagram She's got she's a very entertaining person. She's got a great personality. I've been interviewed before and She I just love her personality. So For her to lose I mean that this was like an Olympic a lineup here. They had in the Tahoe And she's been doing the old Milo Sarsha. She's been doing every show Yeah Which you know that's hard to date to diet you're around like that. It's crazy Well, there's no bulk and face or keep me that hard. Well, I mean, but still for women Now you know women they don't stay lean all year round. That's so that's so That's so easy Ben body goes bulk up and then they love the eat Yes, ohm home route how many how many guys do you work with? I'm hungry. I'm hungry That's part of the game you know hungry How long are you like what are you so hungry for you? This is what you do for a living. I said don't worry 100 shouldn't matter you It's a pretend you're in jail You were in jail right if you were in jail you would be the hunger wouldn't be so important you want to get out of jail You don't really important Border states was this past week as well and say a go States man that shows me going over years. I've been trying to find picture the winner the guy was from India One the immense physique Who won trial time? Chawan I want to see pictures. I don't see I looked on NPC news. I don't think they have the pictures up yet Yeah, they all know that That's I mean That might was that the first that was that the first Indian ever to win immense physique over overall? I mean, sure Prussia For India Maybe I know what's that guy's name the Justin words with a mid-roy. I don't think you want to show them On you spin second and two twelve shows. I know he just see I don't think you want to show though He switched did he switch right or he's still in class right or is he doing two twelve I don't know that's a good question. I think I don't think he's worked with dust in anymore is he? He loves oh me. Are you you tell me that right me and love yeah Yeah, they don't have to pick them up the pictures up on NPC news yet I'll have to look next week. I'll try to get them up to show you guys But congratulations you're going through the Olympian. That's got to be exciting, right? It's amazing you got over here from India Then that other than happen to notians It's funny isn't it funny how like Pakistan and India they're like basically the same country right? I mean they're right next to each other. I mean the same people basically just you know split by religion and if you're in Pakistan There's no way just into the US What? Yeah, but I mean it did this they're basically living the same region but they like the Indian Indians can fly here anytime They want and then then the Pakistanis that are on the know fly West to right Crazy so We got Chicago coming up in a couple weeks it looks like it's gonna shape it up to be a pretty good lineup How are you and you know it's in that land all right? Yeah, no, they moved it yeah Smart they should actually hold every show in Florida now there's no restrictions You know like we said earlier for me. I don't have a pretty lineup on it No, I don't know who's gonna be exactly in the show, but I know that there's a lot of you have you hiters I know Justin Rodriguez is doing that show which he's gonna be one of the favorites A key mole is doing correct. Yeah, yeah Yeah I He's doing it Yeah, I was gonna ask you that now I don't know why Randy wouldn't do the That Al-A-Cante that Al-Cante Spain show because that's right, you know Top three qualify and I mean he's in Europe already and I mean he's close to your bereadish say Well, you're gonna see me during Chicago with air one of the two I mean he's got it right he's got to do something I also have to that right or is the show in Romania and November It's at a possibility to qualify to the left Is that an open show? I believe there's an open-end Well, I believe Thank I see they're holding the Dubai muscle shell again. That's good news for the The Gimmons give him some pro cards. Remember I went through that a couple years ago He loved it That's why you did the joke in Coleman and spirit. Yeah, yeah, I'd love to go back there again at some point Dubai is pretty open. I think I don't think there's any restrictions of or I don't know if there's many restrictions over there I'm not sure why you know I did I told you the yeah, I told you they they called me tested me right before the my colonoscopy I didn't talk about my colonoscopy How to go good? I'm clear. I got nothing no polyps nothing Fiber lies sales with public crash. You know what I was worried about that to be honest with you, but I I said to myself You know I knew I had no cancer. I said there's no way I know I first I don't like you that There's no cancer a lot of my life. That's I don't know what that But I sit to myself look you know what I have an eating doing fiber for 25 years I've been taking my fiber lies for my for 10 years that it's been around and I had the cable you know Eating well and taking probiotics and you know I really take care of my my That gesture system okay, so I said if I have polyps, you know, there's a potential because my father had him my sister had him It runs in the family. I said but I believe and I didn't want to jinx myself I believe that I'll be clean I said because I think that I Do things the right way and I and I truly believe that your immune system is designed To knock out number not only cancer cells because we have a natural immunity against cancer We have these natural killer cells in our immune system But they're also designed to take out cells that are growing even that are not cancers like like a Polypathy because Pob's you lead Pob's they'll turn into cancer Okay, so that's why they you do a colonoscopy they clip them out and then there's no problem But you know they start out like that Now What happens is if you have a lot of stagnation in your colon because it's not the food is not moving through fast enough And it's just kind of hanging out there because you're not eating enough fiber in your diet You call in is getting weak What happens is the the environment and they get very acidic and the immune system that normally functions well in there is can't function It's like a dirty fish tank The fish don't thrive very well in a dirty fish tank because the water is just filthy and they just they can't They can't excrete waste properly out of their body because there's too much waste in the water already So that's it that's kind of like an analogy to what goes on the colon so you want it you want to constantly keep changing the water So to speak you want to keep moving stuff through and when you do that your immune system functions the way it's supposed to an acclaimed stuff off So This was a true statement from the the doctor he actually said to me after and I actually remembered this even though I was on purple Which is a wonderful which is a wonderful drug It's embedded by a real anesthesiologist not by a guy in your and your bedroom like Mike Jackson's guy did He said to me he goes yeah, you I got to tell you this is the cleanest colon I've seen in The last 10 years I've been doing this I said I'll really I said that that's a compliment I should have just I told him I said I use I make a fiber something to go as well You should your sales should be through the roof after this call asked me is I don't need to see back pretend years. I said So who was it so bad and I did it in a hospital because you know I got my defibrillator So because of that they got it they got to do these tests when they knocked out in a hospital Which which actually it took a little longer because of all the but I actually liked the better because I felt like I was in a much more comfortable environment When you got knocked out was out like a vacation from the kids Yeah, yeah, definitely it was it was absolutely it was it was You know and here's the whole thing people make a big deal with this colonoscopy the whole procedure took 12 minutes Gross, that's the whole test 12 minutes It took of I had a prepapher the whole day before that I had a like drink this Go lightly solution it's like it's like four liters it's over a gallon of this stuff You got a drink eight ounces every 10 or 15 minutes between four and six p.m And then you got to do the other four two liters between 10 and 12 p. 12 12 a.m. You know, and you can't have any solid food all day and you got to drink I was going crazy I was so hungry all day and I was I just wanted to eat something but I I stuck to the thing I was eating a lot of jello Sugar free to you know my problem is that my colorically I was probably really love but I what I did was I mixed Like like a Gatorated light into that go lightly so I put four liters of Gatorated there because I think you know what I know myself If I don't replenish my electrolytes I'm gonna get I'm gonna start cramping and stuff like that you know I'm gonna pull like a What's his name who cramps all the time let's say I Yeah, the one that we're pulled pull the look so I gulp down the first dose and I realized that I had it in a shaker cup which was actually 16 ounces So I down 16 ounces to start with and they say go they say take it easy on the first couple doses because you know you can get crampy from it So I got a little weird I thought a little weird right after but I don't know if it was just like a lot But you're not my wife say she's like what are you doing? That's like double the amount you're supposed to drink I'm like I and I must have I probably drank it seriously in about three seconds I didn't even hasten and support them. I think this is gonna be easy. I could do this all day long So after about an hour of doing these every 20 minutes, you know doses Then you start having to go to the bathroom the first couple times a little is a little uncomfortable But now some people get nauseous some people get like really crampy I think because I kind of use five on a regular basis. I didn't have that much in me. So and I had many anything all day So I get the first you know a couple poops were a little you know more explosive I guess it's kind of like diarrhea and that's nothing gross anyone out and then You take like I don't like I'm reprieved from six to ten at p.m. But then I fell asleep in my door in his room so I didn't start to 11 p.m. So I was behind so Chris So I think I had to play catch up, right? So I started started doing a little bit more than I should have But at this point I have nothing left to me. So I'm doing it. I'm basically pooping out whatever I'm drinking, you know It's just going right through me So by like 12 30 25 I actually finished my Therapy of the drinking. I was saying and I was just I was slamming these things that literally I was like there's no way this is going to defeat me because I know some people get they just can't handle it You know I'm like this is this is a joke come on The drink yeah because think about it's a lot of liquid you know and it doesn't taste it doesn't taste terrible doesn't taste great Taste it like I said I didn't even taste it I just poured it down. I didn't if you sat there and you know Some people sit there and they try to sip this stuff you can't do that you had it's like with my Firmalent shit you can't try to drink it like it's like freaking vodka more titty you got to just go up it down Some people don't have that ability get it in a some gag maybe they want to throw up you know So I had no problem that I got it down I did this One sitting so I was I was working I was working I was in the office right here. I was working Until one the two in the morning actually answering emails so I got the stuff down I went to the bathroom every 10 15 minutes you know Relieve myself. I went sleep. I've got about three hours of sleep. I woke up the next morning with the You know I'm at the hospital So Yeah, I encourage everyone. Have you got a call mask me? Or not you got to go get what you got to do you know I because you get 10 years after that if you clear They don't they don't want to see if it's 10 years it's worth it because you know what Just to put peace of mind they tell people It's supposed to get one into your told me Look at look at George Farron. I mean he had but hit cone cancers So I mean you you don't know I mean he and he said I know it needs claim he's a clean eater I don't know if it's was stress maybe induced by him or what what what happened but you know You don't want to you don't want to find out you have cone cancer by going for it Column us be after you have symptoms of something being wrong So at least if you go ahead of time if you do have a couple of polyps in there You can get them cleaned out and then you can get on my fiber wise product and start doing it the right way see they won't you don't get any more You know that's the key now but seriously I'm not trying to sell you probably I'm just trying to say this certain things that I like to put out there as I'm getting older and you're getting older and we're getting older This certain things you got to start doing and to take care of yourself and I'm learning you know luckily I always knew about fiber And I knew that that that would be something that down the road would be something that would save my call You know just like Not eating a lot of sugar Conchucking your blood sugars is not a bad thing too because you don't want to wait till you have full blown diabetes to start you know Treating so to speak and then taking care of you know issues that you might have if you're running high fasting blood sugars You want to address it now before you burn your pancreas so Likewise if you have a blockage in the coronary artery if you're heart That's why I tell people to give a cardiac CT scan You want to know about that so you can get a steady put in this so you don't drop dead of a heart tag You know these are Very minor things that will enable you to live a much longer and help your life I mean it's not like they're really that inconvenient, you know It's just that people don't want to do it because it's like the whole idea of you know I thought I put I put I should have had a colonoscopy two years ago. I can't put it off The checklist be there. I mean I didn't know you supposed to get colonoscopy after what 50 yeah 50 and if you have if you have a history of Cancer of colon cancer you should do it at 40 really You know it's funny. I have a lot of I have a history my mother's whole side they're all good cancer But no one no one actually died of colon cancer There was liver cancer. There was pancreatic cancer breast cancer The gram of the somehow had lung cancer even though she didn't smoke I don't know but no one had the colon cancer which was good because you know that that can be inherited But my father's side no one had colon cancer but they only get polyps my sister had polyps I thought that pop but they didn't use any but no one do anything about fibers So My father didn't eat terrible. I mean But he didn't really have any He just he would go for colonoscopy. I think twice and they they clipped a couple polyps out But he was older already so I don't know he was probably in his 70s when even then I 40 50s and 60s. I mean what he was There was less terrible things to eat back you want to hear someone complain about a colonoscopy You should have heard my father with the prep that he had a kind of the complaining that he did with the prep I was that's what I was traumatized that's why I didn't want to do this Chris I remember my father complaining about this prep that he had to do and you know shit my brains That's like my father's favorite expression Oh, it can't take this. It's all right. I can't stop going to the bathroom. I'm scrapping my brains out You know that's that's all you we talk about I thought he was getting like you know I thought that they were like I didn't know what they would do until me He was he made it in like it was like like like a week He was doing the straight there was no way they was only one day obviously and then you know my dad doesn't like to get up early the next morning So of course he was stressing about at the home I to he didn't sleep I think I had a drive of there either I drove him or his friend or I don't remember but he was complaining the whole way I remember the morning I don't know if I I think I was I think at one one of the call-offs Because I was still living in his house or maybe my I think I had gotten divorced at that time or separated And I was living there he was complaining nonstop about this super call and Oscar B and then he complained afterwards Chris That they ripped open his asshole Not my words his words that he was you know they they somehow were too rough down there Now you're asleep when they do this but he when he woke up he said he had like I don't know he's bleeding. I don't know what he had So now I'm now I was a nervous wreck and they were gonna maybe I have the same you know Maybe I think it's gonna happen to me. You know, you know, they can they always make you sign this thing that if they Perfect rate you're interested you know that that responsible Related you can send speeding of Colons and all that you can send a son stop for some Paralyze down it with flexlorus. Oh, that's right You know what I tell me Kind of it makes me the address. I'm gonna send full of innocent flex lures and and them at a send a son must Offer some fiber lies to use because I want to make sure flex doesn't get any hemorrhides before the one beer So so I'm petrified so I'm petrified so I'm on the table Chris you know they make you turn I thought they you got to turn over on your stomach that they have you on your son so I'm on my side I got the IV in my arm and they're gonna they have a huge syringe they're gonna have they're gonna pump in all the The propapher like you you ready to go to sleep? I'm like yeah, so they push it into the IV They're like all right you need to go to sleep. I said before I fall asleep I started feeling right before just be gentle down there. I'm thinking my dad now I'm thinking oh I forgot to tell them about my dad and then and he had a bad expert Everything went fine. I have no problems. I know nothing afterwards My father just makes a big he used to make a big deal about everything like this. He would make such a big deal that I I thought everything Every procedure was so dramatic. I told you that I told you about his cat. I don't know if anyone wants to get He had the cataract surgery his cataract is so bad. He I don't think he can't even see he got so he gets the one eye done And then he's complaining Chris for weeks Months that he it he sees I think I told you see it's it looks like there's a the fantasy scene through He's like I had his a grid or I see his a grid because they ruined my eyes. I said you couldn't see before What's the difference? He's like I I said did you get the other eye done? He goes no I'm not going back I kept seeing through a grid. He goes that can't even get decided. I said well, maybe you think through a grid because the other eye is You know It's foggy and this one's read you know you could be screwed up your vision He's like you don't know what you're talking about So finally I guess you went back for another eye exam like two after two years and they told me you got to get the other eye done you got a major cataract So he he finally gives in and get to he castles it like four times and then he finally gets it done And his visions perfect. I said it has the grid because what grid? I said you said you used to see through a grid because I don't know what you're talking about I said you said what are you what are you what are you pulling on me because he kid at this point Maybe he doesn't remember or if he blocked it out I said you told me after the first surgery that you could you was seeing through a grid it look like and that's why you weren't getting the other eye done because you What you thought they they screwed you out It's kind of when you talk to me. Did I said that I said yeah He said well I said I don't say I see fine now. I said well all right Well, that's good. So you know he makes mountains out of mojo. It was my father My phone was the same way did that Was it everything was a big deal Hey, it was a big deal I felt so shoveling this now doing the lead what you what what are our parents make everything such a big deal They ruined they ruined my My mother used to come to his Irish complaint at all me tellyons. She just said it was an ambulance dream I believe it I believe it Believe it So Well, you could have been just that day you'd go into the doctor. He promised would have more hits on that Going to the doctor and now actually the film good Column clenched I should have told all thing you know they send your home with pictures did you know that Oh, well, I can you know my I get I pickas of my colon they actually take with little snapshots Your refrigerator Yeah, it's on my refrigerator. I if it's like you know when you kids bring home like an a an a plus paper You put on the refrigerator and I put my colon on the refrigerator Yeah, they show the different portions the a standing the transverse the descending the sigboyed colon Yeah, and they show all those spots and you can see and then was it did look very clean to me Okay Yeah Yeah, I was looking at an ant one by ant one valiant did a had a great video Who's talking about people who ask them if the dieting is hard and if he's in a hates people who complain about have oh The diet so hard and it was just based on giving relevancy to like you know he was living in like like on the street like eating in soup kitchens He's like that's hard. You know The eating is that eating six meals a day and go through the chimps that hard I thought that was a great Allege Yeah right yeah People think they think everything's so hard like go to jail I think we go to jail for five months. I think that that's way harder than than dining for a you know For 16 week contest diet We got picture answer one did I love his his classic poses he does He may not be mr. Olympia ever but he certainly has a he certainly is a busy Remember that on this show you thought he was gonna be mr. Olympia like three years ago You said I think the sky can be mr. Olympia. I think he's got the talent to do it I don't know if you know, I don't know if it'll accomplish it, but he's got You know he's got a physique that people would look at and say you know I want to look like that and I think that's and them's that's that's better It's got to marketable look you know that's I think people can relate his physique Because they're like wow that's an impressive look I think I could I I like look at Sergio leave a junior two. I say you know that's a that's a physique. I'd be happy with you know I said about Tony Freeman all the time Yeah, how is Tony Freeman? I just mentioned his name with John Roe from today He's got to be like 60 right? He's gonna be mad at me. He's probably like 58 or something but no He's he's the age of somebody he talked about colon you want to get out you want to talk Get someone to talk about colon health Tony Freeman is the guy to get on into the animals He's really into Column health more so than I am. That's for sure Yeah I know I don't know where he's but he's been up to let me see let's look at his Instagram He has a good picture Yeah, that picture I'm not playing with this little yeah, I'm looking at that picture Is that a physique you'd love to have Kill a physique He would wear those he would wear outfits that I'm like holy me. He look like a superhero You know it come up it reminds me of the Aaron Baker used to wear outfits like that, you know Yeah, right? And who did look better in the gym than Aaron Baker? Probably the best gym for C. Yeah It's for you You know probably one of the most underrated by the ones in the FBI Yeah You know they could guys screw it because when he left the I.TV for Vince McMahon's organization You know I'm sure it was making probably way more money there When he came back they they really punished him because he had a physique they can really the other guys really Didn't really have physique that can can do damage he had a physique that can do damage, you know But before he left You know those in question, please things yeah, that's true. Maybe you're right. I don't remember the exacting look at that shot I mean that that's a mr. Olympia shot Tony Freeman he had a front double buy that was mr Olympia worthy for sure With that 29 inch waste, you know you had Did he give me those arms up there? I don't think so you know Chris I think I actually asked him to do it a couple times and he wouldn't do it They weren't Jimmy you had good arms Great by seven He and if you remember he had very good quads Oh crazy watch his legs came down a little you know At the end of his career now, you know, which happens to a lot of old guys, you know, but He had great front quads. He had trouble with the glutes in hand And that's why he's I used to torture him with the with the you know ketogenic diet because He was the only way he could get his glutes tight and dry Manufact I actually had him compete and show that he won when he he wasn't even eating any carbs Chris We'd be going with zero carbs You would just eat that and pro to any good Sometimes you you know he look like he was on like a thousand grams of carbs a day Sometimes you probably cover movement right all the night place Yeah, the only what we would do is we would give him carbs like the day of the show And that was enough that he didn't need a lot to fill himself up he just he walked around so round the ready, you know He was an underrated guy if he didn't tear his peck He would he could he could have been mr. one the two he's in the big guy because he had it he was tall too, you know You had a lot of good shots The year that um Dexter beat Jay that was at 08 You could have made a case for Freeman winning that will be I mean really he looked great That was best effort oh wait He had a lot of the chose and he looked really good in a couple of months and then he was going to write up there One of the shows He was he would win at least a couple shows every year Because if it wasn't like the art of the Olympia it was usually a Freeman one Yeah, it was a Freeman one And he would bamboozle the judges you can I brought him into a couple shows where he was a little off and it didn't matter because he was a great Pozor and presentation and and he just looked good standing in the lineup, you know And so these guys and you can't beat it physically like that that that that that that's what's superior genetics do for you I love you don't realize that Standing front that will once outstanding for lots of friends even as um even as back shots were Side tries up was kill it too You know when you turn the leg like to the front He knew he knew his body too and that that's something that you know You can't really explain to people you have to learn how your body works best and if you do that What you'll find is that you can bring the best at yourself and a lot of people never learn they hey I learned how my body work best It was the end of my career What can you figure out at the end? I figured out I figured out how what poses looked the best for me how to position my body properly Had a pose and I had and I couldn't even really do it the way I wanted to because I had really bad shoulder issues So I was you know it was like two I too little too late. It's like the old saying you know if if I knew now what I knew then you know how much better What I have been you know Oh, here's a good show you'll like this shot He has a shot of his side try set verse shown rod and side try so this this this this goes Sean Ron Mr. Limit this just goes to show you how good Tony side try set pose How's that shot Chris? Yeah, that's not that that's not Sean Ron's best side try so be it but but Freeman had a really good side try She hated like wrote and did it was like it's like almost like it was almost a front pose, right? Because they had both had great abs For a big guy with that much muscle to 60 you know to 65 to be able to blow down on their abs like that That's impressive Usually guys that did that thing they're belly will hang out a little bit when they did it If you remember when Sean really came on in 2012 it was Tony got second to him at the Tampa in the Dallas That's right, right good memory very good memory always there No, I know you were gonna I've been a chosen I can't remember what happens I just told you it was a favorite that's that's why I can remember right? It's a favorite one Yeah What was that 2012 he said 2012 they were filming I remember Ron and said you know they're filming a movie and I just you know with all the bodybuilders I said he would it he said no That was right, it's right that was right before he really had the right one the show tomorrow Which was the Tampa and they were filming everyone What was show except I think they were filming rolly yeah, I think you're right I think you're right I'm sorry Tony should run for like a mayor of like Atlanta or something like that now I think you'd win No, that's what I mean he's a great talker Look at this look at this shot this shot is so good is I actually had a look at I thought it was it might have been morphed It looks so good What about 2008 and the Yeah, yeah, that's that's when I said he looked the best yeah I mean and if he would if you give that if you say that's mr. Olympia does anyone say oh How dare you wins mr. Olympia now what you'd be like yeah of course it is You'd be like of course it is mr. Olympia Yeah, it's Tony We'll get him on the show. I got him. I haven't talked to him at a while so I got to get him on He's always got some new like you know something going on He's one of the years He was good he was good he was good with chose but he took a big jump maybe it was not here No, he was yeah, I had been working with it. I think for two or three years and it was just like a we were building to that and I think that was just you know That was his he just peaked that year that was his best I Mean he was still extremely good nine ten eleven. I mean he had a long career. Oh, yeah because you know it is he He was so good shrugially that he he can you know at a week show who's being Tony framing you're gonna you're gonna give him the win look at this shot Look at that crazy yeah, they did call them they did there was a reason they called them the X man I mean in an X frame you can't beat an X frame and shape, you know Put up a front line That's a good shot Yeah, you guys that had that shot very well, sir You're the wheels he's got wet then these that legs He's very comfortable the shot right yeah, I think they match up really well shots better from behind might be better from behind the Tony was because Sean gets morally morally hard from behind right I mean they both a wide Tiny waste I here's a framing from my spread on this I see but I that is best front monster, but this is I don't think I'll find at this point Yeah, yeah, yeah, he doesn't he's not as lean there, but Anyway, he was good Tony was really impressive and Like I said he his career was not what it could have been because he had that peck injury he missed five years He found a doctor who could repair the peck and it was still it still had a divot it did it wasn't terrible But the fact that he was able to come back and then and then so he had to almost play catch up after five years And he was older at that point so Had he never had the peck injury you know and he would have You know never had to take off that time and he might have been I mean he was a guy I remember Tony back in 94 and Dema I won the national's he was a guy who was always tied up in the top six Right, you know all the top the national shows he was and he wasn't even that big man He was like Michael Jackson man Yeah But it was thin yeah the structure right yeah, you could see it the structure But you didn't know if you'd ever put the muscle on because a lot of guys you know just can't grow like that When he when he won the what did he when the USA the nation's he beat me of the nation's oh my goodness And oh two Man, I felt a lot of people think I should have beat him that year because he wasn't that big that was the area just come back And after the peck tear so he was he just didn't have the muscle yet it was after he won that show that he made the big leaps and And then and and grew after that Well, he would have beat you right but standard we last Easily He wasn't that hard that you know what though I saw him the next day in the gym we were both doing photoshoot for empty and I'm like And he sold out a little bit of like yeah, I mean I'd rather have his physique than my physique Even though I was way hard with any of us I'm like I'd rather had that physique I was looking at him in the gym and I'm just like saying I wouldn't mind having that position That's a good thing to say because a lot of people would just look out of it and say but you know say I killed them now Yeah, I I hated looking at pictures of myself after the next day after the shows I always was like But you know as I was impressed him in person because I was so Cranely hard and that really shows off You have to be there in the front row to see that I think in a physique like mine Whereas the Tony Tony's the kind of guy me can be out of shape you see pictures from the show you like have this guy that lose the show you know And you could see him 24 was back and it felt like they were He just had that round V tape or you know Access McCall the x man I I'm gonna give a nickname the x man Woo Who came up with the x man came up with the x I think like man came up with the x man Unless Lonnie T. Perditt and then and blackened stole it. I don't know He used to be in those crazy ads for jack-o-ax products which are the shot the shotgun product yeah V px Right He did a great tour Yeah, he did a whole tour jack-new jack-new that he but he said them all around the country I don't know if Tony made as much money as he probably should have for that But Tony was was that front man for that product for oh for he saw a lot of shotgun product for Jack I remember that What was shot down like a pretty training it was like yeah, yeah, pre workout like you know Did you by the way did you see the jack-o-ax interview that I didn't I don't think you did You got to watch it. I told you how he he he was telling me how he made 1.2 billion dollars last year 1.2 billion billion with a big yeah with a big That way I was like didn't like to where I was in Florida How much they were in the same amount of money was in the same amount of money, but you know He he's I thought he was gonna they were like an industrial park I thought he was keeping it you know as an industrial park he was gonna like rent it out. I thought it was like an investment No, no, no, no, no, he's building this three big buildings. He's connecting them and like making some crazy He's gonna have the fastest Drink line in the world They can crank out stuff like 4,000 bottles of minerals so I should settle the world and say in amount Sellers the bank problem. Dang it was got From what he told me bang he has an exclusive deal with anhyse approach which is Pepsi you know to distribute It's a crazy amount of money But then he has his own line of the red line still that he exclusively To ship it's himself. He said because the problem with the anhyse approach is that they have very wide distribution Or they're everywhere basically But they're slow so like he likes to he comes out with a new drink flavor every like you know every four weeks And they just can't keep up with that because it takes them a while across this everything and get it into the system So he has his own red line where he can pop out new flavors because he's always making new flavors And then he could insert them directly into his own distribution You know Red line product today the same as it was maybe 10 years ago or day now the rich this is the story your original red line had a fedra I think it or by the now when they banned the fedra He had all these backup stuff the DMM and all the stuff that is banned now was still legal He had a crazy crate he had so many things in red line already like you know You know after your him bay and you had all these things that were super freak like you know Stimulence that when they pull the fedra it didn't really affect the potency of his drink so G and C said was buying Like a million a month from them or something like that in these drinks It was crazy and They couldn't they couldn't they couldn't buy enough from them that kind of thing because everyone lost their a fedra drinks And there was no a fedra people had nothing to use he was the only game in town He said for for good year or two So he really made a lot. I think that's where he made most of his money and that was and he was reinvesting it back into the business Basically building better drink lines because he always did a drink in his bars in house which was smart Now he's got like a facility and I think Atlanta and one out west He's got like three and they's building that new one in Florida He said with these drink you know with these drink companies do Chris is that they a lot of times they They'll make they'll make the bottles in one place and they got a ship A million bottles to a to the bottling plant where they actually bottle of stuff He and Florida is building in this these three humongous buildings that he bought he's gonna make his own bottles Which are gonna save them fortune and then he's gonna bottle it right there So there's no there's no transportation of them so that's that's said you know if you say he said a one penny per bottle He's a that's a huge huge Savings Matter fact he said he got he you know he's been in litigation with red line Every excuse me with red bowl which who we be actually and With the monster he's still fighting them he won't give up He said he will he's the only person who has not succumbed to the monster Matter fact he told the great story about the guy from red bowl called them up And they kind of became friends during the lawsuit he's like he goes how much of jack how much have you spent on this lawsuit already? He's well jacks take how much of you spending goes with 750,000 because this is ridiculous jacks like I spent the same amount on my first He's a well maybe we could so then they went to arbitration And jack really one because what happened was they were red red bowl was saying this guy is you know in order to say Someone's infringing upon you you have to show that there you know that there are not go off in that there Costing you business but jack was actually selling red line for more than red bowl So if you're selling a pride for more and you're and you're and you're making money then You're not trying to undercut the other guy so the judge is like Mr. O'oc is not is not doing anything wrong So jack agreed to change it He wanted it yet at white cap on his bottle some kind of color that look like Red bowl or something like that. I don't even know what it was he had to change the cap color something that that was that that was what his punishment was at the end of that He's always had like the best colors of that Yeah, yeah He's it he's it he's it he's it he's a genius he really is he's a man sciences genius Mr. He He was a science teacher for many years, you know in school so he's not a dummy, you know He's he actually had a good science background most people hold on supplement companies, you know Don't have that kind of a a background in education so he was an educator for years And you just love that you know he talked about how he lived in a store and in the story and in Wherever one piece of That's your pepper pine train because he his wife X wife worked at the gym, right? To go down I used to train at goals in pepper times and I went by his store when he used to live in that's funny You sound so I'm in the store used to the store was unbelievable. Oh, I was all color coordinated He had enormous amount of inventory and I was like what type of stores this? I thought it was like a GSC He had his soul his products right so he said it read yeah Good and you know and here he is now my joke again with you didn't hear he's paying more than seven hundred fifty bucks in time Yeah, yeah, I'm sure he's paying 800 bucks So he He said that when he would order metrics He would order so much of it that he couldn't fit it in the store So he literally had a cell what was on the sidewalk in order for him to be able to And others as soon as he got his order and he added all his customers had a comment and buy their stuff for the month because the The boys he would be able to get get it all in the store that's how much he would order So people metrics couldn't believe it His it's he's been around you know Some of them in owners come and go Yeah, well, they have unproducted and it's you know up and then dead and that's it Yeah, he's had continuous line. What's the name of his brand VPS? He's been around for 30 years yeah, well, he did the original the pro hormones with the with the syringe you remember The computer acts yeah, well, they all they all had a syringe, but you know it's it was what he his idea for was smart because you know if you ever see You know if you give your your young kid like Tylenol comes that little syringe you put it in the top of the bottle You kind of measure it out so you can give them the right amount you squirt in the mouth He did the same thing but he knew that that little that little syringy draw out would would get in people's minds They would think steroid. Oh steroids. Oh, it's supposed to be good stuff right comes in just a wrench I'm gonna ask So we are marketing yeah black room probably Probably I should have come up with that nice house At that time he had the bottle with the shrink wrap around the bottle and the little syringy was on them Yeah, I'll tell you I'll say one thing Jack gave me a lot of compliments like you know for being you know for all those Consumians every day that he he's a very humble guy, you know for and and look the guy is very very wealthy now And he's he's very humble You know the truth to see he would if he was making zero money We continue doing what he does because he really does love it a lot of guys do it because they're business But he just likes what he does I even asked her I said you could sell the company because that I don't want to sell anything I said what if someone came but you know if they offered you a ridiculous amount of money He goes I they already did he goes and I didn't sell to the Anheisen bush, you know, so I said alright well you must enjoy what you're doing because I do you enjoy and love's going to that office every day I too I Said now I remember how I know about the warehouses because I was reading real estate transactions It was big news It was huge news and I said you like that you said you know I go back to where every swam blah blah he paid an enormous enormous amount of money Wait, it's not like 3,5,7 it was like yeah ridiculous for a targeted money yeah I don't think he got it. Does he sell that much product? 1.2 billion Chris last year I think the warehouse one was 17 million the other was 10 or something yeah, and that's chum change fan If he's making them I'm a funny right and he's the only owner of the company he owns it himself No, that's a success story but that just goes to show you if you're smart An you crazy passion about what you do and you take this you know he I would have never Spranked that with all the lawsuits he's got to deal with because you don't want to think Imagine fighting monster and red bull I mean they got big time attorneys, you know They got deeper pockets, but he he wouldn't he doesn't he doesn't he doesn't settle fight that he doesn't care He used to have what bar there was a super well a really good selling bar that he had Wait oh that zero impact bar was delicious Amazing taste I Eight went off of his assembly line I went there to do an interview when Ramana was working there and I literally it looked at Gautuchiro I took off the he took it off the assembly line and handed it to me it was hot still It was amazing and no kid. I know no net carbs in it Yeah, how what would you I don't know he did it I think his problem I think one of the problems was because it was so it was so healthy it was hard to keep the thing from going like it had a A shelf life or was not that long because it was it was too healthy the bar Yes, like you yeah, you did off the assembly line yeah God too many bugs yeah You gotta get a spray you gotta spray I say pretty time of spray Hey, they spray for bugs you don't know that with the bars It's black and was telling you that once what did they spray Bugs they get a kill with bugs. I said you can't put a spray. Yeah, they're certain stuff they can spray you got a spray in the bars Remember that mass bar that blackpin had that like it was like a big touchy roll Leigh any was like used to endorse it It's like this big It's you Mass field that's what it's called mass deal bar You couldn't you couldn't eat the whole bar it was impot I tried and I can eat a lot of food You couldn't do it because you teeth would fall out it was so hard to chew the thing Right it was like eating a huge touchy roll and I believe Lee Hayney ate those bars because you know I used to believe everything you see those ads man Mass fuel bar you want to get big you got to eat this bar and I'm like I got to eat the bar I got to get this mass fuel I will say the diet field bars were amazing though. You remember those And the other thing you would learn right right the diet field bars with terrific Yeah, the diet field bronchers to look I don't know why they'd stop making those bars that that I don't know what what is formula was Those, but they were really good sugar lower carbs high protein Was it was this sugar in them a little bit a little very little yes The diet field were good even the diet field product was good. Remember that the shakes was really good the chocolate And then I was so good with the chocolate right You could make it into a paste Just add water It was like phenomenal. I was supposed to get a piece of the royalty on every It's probably still up this day. I've never got the the paperwork It got lost the mail You were to make a lot of money on the wealthy on that list I mean only 2.5% or Exile on a dollar's month whatever was higher You really and what happened you just didn't want to sign the contract again contract is never gave me never gave me the reports Which was So he actually owes you that money was supposed to get to an a percent of all diet field sales tell or or certain amount of money whatever was higher what I would ask You know what at the sale That's only three bars Chris What happens when you want to get an answer from Steve? Did you see Kai's gloats? Look Lee I'll donate half the proceeds to your To your go find me campaign if you can collect them I 2.5% the black man owes me a bull die of fuel sales This subject What did you have to try to You have to try to speak this team about that Oh everything Steve you know You owe money to Victor he's he's called me up and he said the check has him said Did you see Kai's gloats Let me show you that this Kai and let me show this pair of an out picture Steve you got to pay Victor look at what the deal is glued to that little little Unbinable killer look at the glue. It's look at the strength look at the Deshia Haitian take the eyepiece look That's his notorious like change something Really You know So yeah, I don't know what to announce NASA did Steve black whenever oh you any money No I don't do business with Jewish businessman Because I know that they did not pay you NASA but he paid other people yes, but I stuck with the I said but NASA you you you you work for Joe weater Yes, but he was not really Jewish. He was Jewish but he was not Jewish What does that mean NASA Means he paid me I think he liked the fact that I spoke eight languages He I got if I would speak to him and and German he would give me a it would give me an extra hundred dollars on my paycheck What why is that NASA? I do not know I do I don't know Joe loved NASA Did Long time now NASA he did NASA definitely got Did well with the leader We don't like the freaky yeah, he knew NASA's sole product to he was a freak you know Yeah, I mean I mean look what it took him to get Ronnie I mean remember Ronnie was on the contract with metrics and then Joe he didn't want to leave because Ronnie was so loyal to Tick Scott Colleen and weater had a like throw a lot of money at him I think to get him believe Sure and Ronnie didn't know the politics Ryan didn't realize that if you work for weater You had a very good chance of winning the Olympia You know I think Ronnie signed the the contract like at the Olympia or something that at the 90th Olympia Right before preaching I think he signed them, yeah, he's got it for sign I don't because I think that I don't know if they were trying to get Chad Contract to like Ronnie was trying to get like his whole family a contract like at the same time Well, me I got to get my Vicki had to get a contract and it's mother had to get a contract Yes, right No, she did no it's I know someone who negotiate that contract from You know who negotiate that contract from or was it involved in that contract? Let me see if I'm blocking his name I don't know why and I talked them all the time He's the guy with who does the Oh The Bulgarian training what the hell's this name you know Emerald Delzic It's a very good friend with Joe weater a lot of good friends Joe said you got to get Ronnie for me and so the Emerc negotiate that and that's when Ronnie kept telling Emerc He's like I got to get Vicki contract too and he's a Emerc would go back the weater You got to give Vicki he didn't even know who Vicki was Joe, of course, she won the international or something like that and she's the top of FEMA money But oh, wait, she You got to give Vicki a contract all right. We'll give Vicki a contract. Well, you got that Chad needs a contract and and and Tim needs a contract Everyone needs to everyone that Ronnie was involved with you to the contract I think we did gave old contracts, don't wait just to get Ronnie to sign on All right, we got a wrap up. It's too We rock we're off on a tangent here, but I think To take home message With the whole show is If you guys want to see Lee pre-spec on stage go donate to his go fund me can't stop breaking his balls No, you know, I would love I would love to see as a fan of this where I would love to see Lee back on stage I don't know if it's possible even with the surgery that they're they're saying that he needs for his net You know to release the nerve that's being pinched off at his neck But I wouldn't you love to see him back on stage again? Um, not really because no You know, it's always Comebacks aren't really that good for people Yeah, because we always You know, we we we expect then we think like yeah, you can come back and come back and then you see And whoever that may be and you say oh, yeah, they're not really like they used to be right That's sure You know previous self Never know Oh, I'd like to see him with your pain Yeah, I don't know how much pain he said I just think he can't win in trains. He can't feel the muscle Because it's not activating properly because you know, he's good that love the nerve If need be It's a scary shirt look anything going there around you spine, you know, and they have to like play around with those nerves, you know that Scary look what happened to Ronnie The thing that sucks is that lead it happened in a car accident it even happened, you know from the gym All right guys Let's wrap this thing up until next week guys remember with heavy muscle radio Hurts good night everyone