We are the coming stage of the beat. All right. Locked. Here is quite an Olympian. My girlfriend, Christina Voynitz. I'm very proud. Be a accomplishments that's here. Turning pro and qualifying. So how is it? I owe it all to you. All right, we're here with Bethany Wagner and Bethany Wagner. Bethany Wagner. They took the hyphenated off, but I'm sure. Is it okay with just the systeremen? You okay? Yeah, that's I'm competing this weekend. I did the hyphen for two shows and now I'm trying to switch over. Other judges going to know, like I think your name carries a little bit more weight. You are six. Maybe they'll start, you know, they'll call him Guy Wagner. So Guy, tell me how you're feeling. All right, so we finally caught up with Guy. He's done fooling around with PJ. I don't know where they went, but they disappeared for a while. So yeah, anyhow. And that's with your wife told me no cheap meals. No, if I had a cheap meal, it was pretty much a sushi. That's not a micro-vertory cheap meal. No, I actually went to Indian Alperger. That was one of the first things I did when I got here. And I had a chocolate shake and fries and a double cheeseburger. You want to hit that up a little bit later or what? Last time I think about Fried Cheap Mills gives things and I paid. All right, I'm here with tricky Jackson. What up? No, I got to invite to the pro-master worlds in Miami come December to 10th. I'm super stoked about that because I'm going to be on stage with some of the greatest bodybuilders, you know, of the last two or three decades. So that's really cool. And on top of that, they're giving out a nice chuck of money for the best pose award. Yes. So you know, I'm going to be working for that. Lock the LED tonight. Lock if you've ever been a LED to begin with. Lock the LED tonight. Lock the LED channel, man. How nice the same you can be. It would give this is day number two, video number two. But for all you said, didn't see video number one, which is not a you have yet because it hasn't been edited and put up. We're going to do a double release. One or two, we're going to be on the same base and you get bonus for free. Or just finish it up by our lunch. As you can see, you can take those with a little fries with cheeseburger or some onions, plain, big cookie, and the way they're sort of, but the producer is now getting what is considered a quality bodybuilder lunch. I think I read some of the points about if I ate better back or nutrients, my condition would be better. I don't think I'd buy that. But people want more using double cheeseburger to eat out the sauce. I don't know the sauce. So, gain a little weight, huh? It looks like you did it. It's so hard on it. You got to get a pull it in. I got a little bit of water yourself. I actually had this, I had to drop a little water. I got like a delayed reaction. I was like 250, 700. Well yeah, I got to close my hands. Feel better now. I think I'm about 250 now. So I have more comfortable. I didn't go up. I didn't want to do that whole rebound thing. I don't know what it was. I didn't even work out for like a week. I knew they did. I think it was still working out and then adding food that second week and then it was killing me. So you got to go back for the pasta. Yeah, I mean, I ate well. I just ate one. Did you take it? Did you take it? Did you take it? He was going to pass me a try, but that's too cool for me. But not at the season's done. You know me? I know. I know what to find though. So, that's cool, but I'm going to look at the clothes. I don't want to get anything now. It's too busy, but I should have changed her pretty decent. I got in at that, the waist taken it, which is nice. I don't want to go ahead of Barry so they fit pretty good. Lock the lady tonight. Lock if you've ever been a lady to begin with. Lock the lady tonight. Alright, so actually break this down so we don't get lost. I'm going to grab a seat, sign up and go hold up the sofa and set it up. I think George gets arrested for public opinion public. So we're not at that's going to happen, but we may get lost for you. So what would anybody else do on Saturday night? May we end the year? It's when they weather is fighting. We're going to walk the strip, get some food, and see what happens. We saw some storm trip for it's day. They're real. They are real. Do you know what the Mr. Olympia competition is? Do you know what the biggest bodybuilding contest in the world for professional bodybuilding? So make it. Come on, give me a can, huh? Use for a while, I'll go ahead and show. Come on. Come on. Win Vegas and food and alcohol and laziness. You just seen the pool today, it was outrageous. Besides the two girls we were with, we were in the car board. This is the smile we've been troubled with. Like 99% of everyday is spending the same clothes because when you're at the gym you're trading clients. You don't have to wear a suit or anything like that, it's comfortable. So pretty much every time I go on my own stores, I end up buying something. And you end up with a closet full of clothes and you don't know what to wear and it's basically all the same crap. Alright, so if you guys pay attention to what my customer is. Everything you like is Jordan. You can probably write a black guarantee. Write a black guarantee. Did she say that? I don't know that. I don't know why I went to Louisville and I think I'd get stuck with the color. Red and black and white. I mean, it's killing. Like even the t-shirts. If they don't have any stretch to them and they're like regular cotton, I don't buy regular cotton t-shirts. They've got to have stretch or it's got a lay on you. Because maybe just wearing a stupid t-shirt that doesn't fit right. Especially when you start being built a certain way, it's starting to vary. You just want stuff a lay on you. And that's trying to show off putting a super tight t-shirt on. You know, a medium on when you really should be wearing a large or something. Like just to make them so much. They're rather in hang and be flowing. That way you don't look at it. Like, well, I could do this is for educational purposes. I'm okay. So I think Mike just told you that he wears like a size 13 shoe. And he's Italian. He goes to England. It is true. My buddy's with had some water two states. And he's so funny when he had a bigger tank. How much bigger they actually get. They do really size the tank or the environment. So it's kind of crazy to see like a trigger fish. That's like four times the size I've seen. Like my buddies are pouring on the man they got like. They got like, you got a stingray and stuff on. Not float about it. He's swimming. You're gonna be sweating. You're gonna be bad. But it's pretty cool. Lock the LED tonight. Lock the LED to begin with. Lock the LED to begin with. Look, guys, guys. Thanks for your help. Victory Gallup. Well, we're finishing up here. We just got to the Victory Gallup. We're gonna head inside and see what's going on. Maybe we have a couple drinks and eats. And then I think the destination for later tonight is pure. We're at Seasers. This is a maximum party or something going on. One of my buddies from home Chris is actually, I think I got a host which only works over there. So we got to hook up over there and get me head and over there. Finishing out tonight. Not too late because we got the cool party tomorrow. And then we'll check in later after that hit the strip. Lock the LED to begin with. Two tonight. Lock the LED to begin with. Lock the LED to begin with. Lock the LED to begin with. All right, it's day four. We're here in Maraz, at Fielty Burger. We're gonna head some food. And I'm gonna head over to Trudger. We're gonna head some dessert time. I kind of have a sweet tooth. But before this we had a scoby beef burger. So I think a little big signers. Probably beef is amazing. Never had it. So the burger is the great. These are fried Oreos with vanilla ice cream. Doesn't look like a fan, no powdered sugar. I like it's probably going to go down pretty quick. It's pretty easy. So let's see what tastes like. Get a little ice cream. We're talking to each other. We're talking to each other. Considering that all of their shows have acrobatics in it, that it's what they're known for. This was very crazy. This guy was performing on basically what is. We call it the still rings in the Olympics. And he had a cage or kind of a cube that he balanced on his feet. And moved it all around. He was performing strength. You know, acts. And also when he was swinging around the stage, it was couldn't believe that he could actually hold this thing. So this toes and still perform the things that he was doing. Locked to be a lady tonight. Locked to be a lady tonight. Locked to be a lady tonight. Locked to be a lady tonight. Locked to be a lady tonight. Locked to be a lady tonight. Locked to be a gentleman. How nice the same you can be.