It's the weekend here at Muscle in the Morning and I'm day polonvo and today is Friday, July 27, 2018. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. I'm definitely not one of those people who thinks it's cool to demonize pitfalls, but you can't deny the fact that there is something scary about seeing one of those bad boys show their teeth when they get angry. Right now I think it's pretty safe to say that classic physique all-star George Peterson is out there showing his teeth to the rest of the division. After spending most of his off-season laying low, Peterson has really started to up his game over the last few weeks, especially back on Tuesday when we saw his newest update. As far as I can tell, GP3 is dialed in and ready to go for his big showdown on the Olympia stage that set to go down two months from now. And I guess when you've got a bite as strong as this, you don't have to do a whole lot of barking to deliver the message. I'm one of those people who gets fired up whenever I get a chance to see or do something new. Because I think that's the stuff that really makes life exciting. And I'm pretty sure my old buddy, James Hollingshead falls into that same camp too. Few days after making an awesome pro-day view out at the Spain big man weekend championships that UK powerhouse sure doesn't seem like he's wasting any time getting right back into the swing of things. This week we saw the Hollingshead camp release a short clip from a new arm training session as he tries to take full advantage of that previous post show rebound window. Anyone who's followed his journey knows that the progress that this guy has made over the last year or so has been nothing short of awesome. And when you've got all that working like this, I don't see any reason why you don't want to slow things down or let off the gas. I know there are 10 million opinions out there about what exactly constitutes staying in shape during your off season. But if you ask me, I think 212 big man John Jewett seems like he's got the right idea. Those two months after making a strong 7th place debut at the New York pro the former USA champ looks like he's done a nice job of keeping with in striking distance. According to reports, Jewett is still sitting somewhere right around the 240 mark, which is probably dead on for a guy with his size and structure and where he should be at this point in the season. He's still having a herd as to whether or not he's officially closing up shop for the year. But I think he's a guy who could fare pretty well. If he hit one of those small post Olympia shows that we've got coming up in the fourth quarter of the calendar year. But only time will tell where Jewett lands next. The quote the great late Rodney Dangerfield, I don't get no respect and I bet a good chunk of change that raining in defending Bikini Olympia champ and Jelika Tashara is probably feeling a little disrespected right about now, despite the fact that the top rank athlete in the division was electric to start the season. We really haven't heard much chatter on the wire from people giving her the love she deserves as the defending champion. To her credit, all she's done from day one of Role Olympia prepped is show up and put in the work, which is exactly what you'd expect someone in her position to do now that everyone's gunning for her throne. But maybe now that there isn't as much attention on her heading down this home stretch, we'll all get the best version of Angelika Tashara that we've ever seen once the curtain finally drops. I think sometimes it's almost better to be one of those fly under the radar type of guys because it means you can show up every day and do what you do without a million people trying to question and comment on your decisions. And so far this summer, two 12 standout, Calab Blanchard definitely fits the description of an under the radar type of guy. A few weeks removed from putting together the best look of his career, but that second place looked he brought to the Chicago pro the third year pro is still out there plugging away as quiet as ever. At least from the people I've spoken with, Blanchard was one of the few athletes who really caught everyone by surprise with what he did there in the windy city. And he seems like the perfect candidate to slip into a show, like the Phoenix Europe a pro later this year where he could be really dangerous if he shows up spot on. And that does it to get another edition of the Muxhorn the Morning. I'm Dave Holumbo reminding you that the always be sure to your passions and they should follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.