Happy Independence Day from everyone here at Muscle in the Morning. I'm Dave Palombo and today is Wednesday, July 4th, 2018. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Here we go again with another edition of our Axe Muscles World Famous Recap Wednesday, where we kick off today's program with the only show in town last weekend. This San Jose Pro, in the men's physique division, Super rookie extraordinaire, Kyron Holden, came in and delivered a good old fashioned gut punch to the strong lineup on the way to earning the first of many wins to come in his pro career. Second year pro Anthony Woods came out swinging, but was still forced to settle for a very respectable second place. And rounding out the top three with another solid effort was Olympian Long Wu. And the women's physique division, Antoinette Downey, brooding her best look ever, and crews to an unprecedented win. The run-rout position went to Brazilian import, Evaline Roca, and finishing third was North D'Obranena, who I watch out for this weekend and Vancouver. This weekend at UFC 226, we're about to see two of the greatest heavyweight of all time go at it. When they finally get a chance to step inside the octagon, but a few months from now, all eyes in the bodybuilding world will be glued to the Olympia stage. When Amad Ashkenoni tries to become the man, who managed to step in and stop defending champ, Flex Lewis's date with Destiny. True to form Ashkenoni's been hold up at his home base in oxygen gym. He's been trying to soak up enough of that crew technology to earn himself a place in bodybuilding history. In Rollana City, Ashkenoni is one of probably only two or three guys who even has an outside shot of knocking Flex off the mountain this year. But as my UFC fans know out there already, well it takes us one good punch to change a fight. Steamed Beach Body Season is in full effect. I know a lot of guys out there are probably practicing old school curls for the girls, work out plans every Saturday morning. And if you're one of those guys, it might not be a bad idea to check in and get a few pro tips from rookie classic physics sensation, Steve Lourius. Last weekend, Lourius released a short clip from one of the more recent arm training sessions where we catch the defending Pittsburgh pro champ getting in some quality improvement work. The contest season moves a hundred miles per hour and sometimes it's easy to forget just how good this guy was against one of the stronger lineups we've seen all season. But if he comes back with a few new pounds of quality muscle, the next time around this guy has the potential to do some serious damage and really establish himself as one of the next great talents in the division. I had a conversation earlier this week where someone told me that they thought this year's classic physical Olympia would be the best that we've seen across any division in more than a decade. And if I were a betting man, I think I'd be willing to lay down a few dollars that George Peterson finds a way to make himself a major part of that equation. The second year superstars coming off a rookie season that saw a miss establish themselves as one of the premier talents in the division. And my people close to the source tell me that as of today he's on pace to come in and blow last years third place Olympia look out of the water. For the most part it's been a relatively quiet year for the Peterson camp, but now they're only a little more than two months away from the big dance. We're going to start to see these guys kicking things up into super high gear. When I look back now to when I was 23 years old, I think there's probably like a 99% chance that I didn't have enough common sense to know my ass for my elbows. But thankfully for him, Cody Montgomery doesn't seem like he's having that problem. This week someone inside Team Montgomery leaked a clip from a chest training video that shows the 23 year old star cranking out a few sets of dumbbell presses during his morning workout. By all accounts the CEO of Team Montgomery is in a great place both mentally and physically right now. When you look at the success he's had so far this season is it's hard to see why. At this point we still have yet to hear directly from Cody about whether or not he has another show date circled on the calendar. But if you can slide in under the radar hit one of those smaller events later in the season he has as good a chance as anyone to come away with a victory. And that does it the yet another edition of Muscle in the morning. On day polonbo reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.