Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X Pro. So it's 30-year in a row. And what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry with the low-car hot tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Day of Columbus here with an RX muscle rant. Today's topic, the glycemic index. What is the glycemic index? Well it's an arbitrary, I'm not really arbitrary, I call it arbitrary because it varies a lot. It's a rating system of how much insulin, or how fast a mouth-adventulin will be released in response to a food you eat. Now they rate at 100 white bread or simple sugars, like table sugar, or sucrose, meaning that you get the highest insulin output by taking these foods. That means they digest and get absorbed into the bloodstream. The absolute quickest and the cost of that, they cause the most insulin release. Remember, what is insulin's job? The pancreas releases insulin from the beta cells and responds to elevating blood sugars. So blood sugar rises very fast because you're eating a piece of candy or something that's pure sugar. Your body pumps out the most insulin. Now sometimes because blood sugar rises too fast, your body might overrelease insulin. It's not necessarily a good thing because it can cause a rebound, high-poglicing. That's why sometimes if you're remembering your kidney, you can't eat your old juice stuff right after you have it. You're running around like a maniac and then it'll suddenly get tired. You know, and fall asleep, usually it was in class from the beta, but it's after lunch. So that's a distinct possibility. Also, you have too much insulin. You can obviously store extra calories as fat, which we don't want. So typically, when we're trying to limit our body's ability to destroy body fat, we want to eat lower glycemic carbs. That's why usually in the off-season scenario, I give people lower glycemic carbs so they don't overrelease insulin. Whereas pre-contest if I'm giving them small, tiny amounts of carbs, they're not really worried about overrelease insulin because more than likely they're not going to number one. And I know they're not going to store anything as fat because of the fact that the carbs quantities are small. When you're eating huge quantities of carbs, much more likely that you can store things as fat. But the question really is, when you compare a white potato to a sweet potato, we know the sweet potato has a lower glycemic index because it's got more fiber in it and just by nature it is. Whereas the white potato tends to have the higher glycemic index is there really a difference quantitatively in eating both of these foods. Now if you look at the glycemic index chart, this is why I call it arbitrary because it varies. Remember, all foods have variability because depending on where they're grown and what strain of variety they are, they have different amounts of fiber and slower or faster digesting carbohydrates in them. So not all potatoes are really cool and not all sweet potatoes are equal. But by and far, if you look at the glycemic index of a sweet potato, before you cook and it's like about a 40, 45 which is pretty low on the glycemic index. That's a low glycemic chart. After you cook it it breaks down some of the sugars in it and it tends to bring it glycemic index to up to about 50, 50, 50 sometimes. Whereas a sweet potato kind of starts it like a 65 already on the glycemic chart. And then if you cook it or even instantize it, you know, like you could get mashed potatoes, you know, you know, you even if you make a playing without any butter or milk, they're rapidly, they kind of almost pre-digesting as they made it to a powder. So you don't really have to digest these. You remember the quicker something digest and get into your bloodstream faster and higher glycemic index. So if you look at that, a white potato can go almost up to 80 on the glycemic chart. So it is a faster car but the question is, if you know, if you're designed to die and I give someone say six ounces of sweet potato versus six ounces of white potato, okay, is it going to matter? How about 10 ounces? Let's do 10 ounces of white potato, which is about 45 grams of carbs and 10 ounces of sweet potato, which is a little higher in carbs. It could be around 60 almost, you know, grams of carbs. So we're talking more carbs. Now, if you equate ounces to ounces and you know, one has more carbs than the other. Of course they're not equal. But if you bring them into equality with each other, meaning you take in a little less sweet potato. So you do 10 ounces of potatoes and or, okay, you do about like eight or nine ounces of sweet potato. So we have the carbonypid equal. I didn't do the math on it. So I don't know if that's the. But whatever you have to do to get the carbohydrate content equal, are they quantitatively different in terms of how your body will process them and whether you will lose or gain body fat. And I say the answer is it doesn't matter. I think when you're in a dieted state and you're giving your body a limited amount of resources, meaning that you've, whether you or your coach has figured out, okay, this person needs this many grams of carbs a day. I'm giving them less than that. Okay, whether you get it from a sweet potato or a regular potato, I don't think it really matters. Now, the people who are, if it doesn't, you know, fit your macros would say, well, then you could have a sweet, you could have a pop tart, too. It doesn't matter. Now, I think if you're eating simple sugars, you can get, you can, absolutely, first of all the nutrition, nutritional value, it is not the same. But if you eat simple sugars, you can get a really huge rush of insulin. And I think that's a month's construit things up. But once again, I don't want to get into that whole debate. If, if, if you could eat a pop tart and that's equal to potato, I'm talking about higher glycemic carbs like a sweet potato or like a white potato versus a sweet potato. Does it matter? I say no in a, in a, in a dieting situation, if you're on a limited amount of carbs and you're really, you know, counting, you know, exactly what you're putting into your body and figuring it out, I don't think it really makes a big difference. I actually sometimes like to get people white rice when toward the end of a diet when I'm trying to, you know, if they're getting too flat and I want to, I want to fill them up because what it does is it gets absorbed very quickly. And I can see a change rapidly in their body. So if they said in the past, in the morning, and they're really flat, then I can go back, I can give them a cup of, you know, rice two or three times at the next two or three meals, you know, a cup of rice per meal. And then by the evening, I can see if they filled up. Now, if I use a, a slower glycemic carb like brown rice and they, you know, brown rice because it has high fiber content, you're not really absorbing all the carbs and sometimes it's a slower absorption process. I might not see by two or three hours later if they've actually made it, you know, a difference in my take told the next day before I see that. So I use faster carbs, but I'm not giving large amounts of giving small amounts. Off season, I've noticed though, if I use too many fast acting carbohydrates, simple sugars or, you know, even, you know, white breads or bagels or, you know, white rice, people can get fat easy. Some people who are really sensitive and who overrelease insulin because they're overreleasing insulin and they're eating in the abundance of nutrients. So there was the eating more than their maintenance because we're trying to grow. They will store some of those carbs as fat more, more easily. So in that situation, I would rather go with the sweet potato, I would rather go with the brown rice, I'd rather go with the oatmeal that has lower glycemic carbs, whereas pre-content is because you're not eating as much and you're not overeating what your maintenance level is, you can get away, I think, with eating the faster carbs and not have a problem. Now also, I don't really give carbs usually every day in my diets to people unless they have a super, super fast metabolism. So that's, so usually their glycogen stores are really depleted when I'm working or dieting people down. So those carbs go right into glycogen stores or a regular glycogenation of the liver or the muscles. And so you don't really notice it. Now if your glycogen stores are topped off already, once again because you're eating a lot of carbs, whether it be dieting or not dieting, but if your glycogen stores are almost full and then you eat a large carb meal, some of that's going to not have room to get stored in glycogen and then very smoothly get stored as fat if it doesn't get burned as energy. During a dieting state where you do a lot of cardio, some of it can be burned as energy off season where you kind of conserving calories because you're trying to grow, you could get fat from that. So you have to take this into consideration. So to answer the age of question, what better a sweet potato or a white potato, it depends the circumstance. So you can't, there's no definitive yes or no answer. It really depends how the person's body processes carbohydrates is in an off season versus dieting scenario. Is there an over-bundance of calories versus an under-bundance because you're trying to lose weight. And that's how you make your decision. Also, sometimes people just need variation in their diet. So it's not at the end of the world to throw a white potato when if you're giving people sweet potatoes all day long, just to break it off as well. Alright guys, I hope this helped you. I hope it answered some questions or maybe it just maybe raised more questions and you have to experiment on yourself. On day polonbo, with an Rx muscle rant.