I think we ordered initially about half a dozen T-shirts. I thought who would want to go to the gold scheme T-shirt. I came up to this area which is Oakland and I went to a bar and I collaborated every and there was a band up there called Mr. Clean and something. I said, get yourself a Mr. Clean bottle and make me a drawing of Mr. Clean with a barbell. Here's what happened. I had designed the golds gym logo. In 1973, I'm an African and Zookies Deli with Kim Waller and all. I think Kim's spring might have been there. He gave an artist Rick Dreson a gym member, Mr. Clean bottle. He says, I want the T-shirt to look like this except with a barbell. So Rick made a ball hit man. Looks sort of like Mr. Clean with a lot more muscle. And he put a barbell in the middle of it and a barbell was straight. I said, everything is good Rick. It's said, we're just going to bend the barbell. And that's where the original logo came from that we put on the ghost gym stuff. Mr. Clean will clean your whole house and everything that's in. Mr. Clean, Mr. Clean, Mr. Clean. And sure enough, that goofy old golds gym logo was born. So they printed up all these shirts and they didn't do it. And they sold them all out the first day. Well, slowly we'd get letters from people around the country. Can I buy one of those T-shirts? So they said, we need more. He's choice to print more. And it built from there and then thousands by the time I sold many thousands a month would be sold. And so they started selling more and more and became over the years in large selling lowland world. The way it was set up to promote it, I tell producers if you need a place for gym location. Come on down the gold. You know, use the facility free. Anytime you want to do a TV spot or a movie spot, you go ahead and use it with one restriction. Have to have a golds gym t-shirt across the chest. And then from that point on, that propelled it into the general public. When I talked to Ken Sprig, he remembers that he says, thank you, paid $25 to draw that thing. I said, I don't remember that at all. I never got a dime for it. I just had taken it. It realizes. Welcome back to the history of body building. As you saw in the little preview clip we aired before the show started. We have a documentary coming out on the history of Venice essentially. And the man who made it is here today, Mark Martinez, welcome to the show. Your documentary is called Dream Big, which is a very apt title for this documentary. Considering that a lot of bodybuilders went out to California and made that total room of Jothan, a golds gym, because they had big dreams and they wanted to achieve greatness. The biggest, probably, dream out. The dream were out there was armed Schwarz and Eger. And we know what happened with him. Welcome to the show number one. Number two, tell us about how this whole documentary came about. Well, thank you Dave. And thank you to Ed Conters for setting this up. I appreciate it. I got started on this on the documentary basically, because I was a teenager. I grew up in Southern California. And about the time I became aware of bodybuilding. I was probably freshman in high school. And probably lived about 20 miles away from the original golds gym. And a couple of my buddies and I were looking at the book pumping iron in school. And at that time, you're looking at these photos of these guys. And there's just no reference point form. Especially in the middle 70s, right? You're looking at that. And anyway, I think a couple years later, when I got serious and I had a car, drove out there. And we found out, like, oh, well, the original golds has been turned into a house. The owner can spray, turned it into his house and moved golds to Santa Monica to second street. So that's that was kind of my entry into it. And that was the kind of own that house. I didn't know he lived in that house actually. Is it actual house for a while? Yeah, he did for a bit. He, in fact, it's not, it's not in the movie, but one of the interviews. He said that Eddie, Eddie Giuliani and Roger Coward saved him a lot of construction gas, because Roger knew drywall and you electrical. So they were able to build everything to code. Anyway, can live there for a bit and then sold it. I think it's, I think it's on its third owner now. But when Ken told me that his oldest son, who was a basketball player, played for the University of Oregon and is now a high school administrator, down in Atlanta, Georgia, he said that was my oldest son's bedroom was for Arnold and and according were squatting, because that was son's bedroom. So that's kind of cool. Is it, I think, I thought the city of Venice turned into some kind of national monument. That's nothing, is that not true? Well, it's, it's true in the sense that the sign cannot be, if you, if you've seen photos of it, it's a house that you'll see that golds gym, font, the sign is just still out there. Yeah, I've won half the million times when I was out there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And the entrance, you know, you could see the entrance on the front gate, but it can send even back in those days, everyone entered from the rear, awful specific they would enter in the alleyway behind it. And if you go in the alley behind it, you'll see, you could tell that people live there. Yeah. But anyway. That's funny. I moved the, and they moved the golds to the original location to the Santa Monica, and because they wanted more room on the serving, right? Right, right, can, yeah. Can't said it was probably about two and a half times the size of the original, and it really wasn't even that big either. Yeah. I think, I think the one on second street was about 5,000 square feet. Yeah. And it used to be an automotive repair garage. But it had great skylights, it had great brick walls, and a trust ceiling, and a good place to train. Right. And so when you start researching this and saying, I think I want to make a documentary on the history of this gym, because it's so, I mean, universally known, and there's so much history there, a witty start. I mean, how do you actually get started on a project like that? I don't know, even though I guess, you know, Ed Conner's obviously is a good historian, but you had to go back beyond him even really. Yeah. Well, you know, that was the thing is, I was on the internet, and this had to be like early 2000s, and I'm reading, and you're reading these different things on different websites, and I'm sure we've all had the experience where you're like, that's not what happened. Yeah, that's not true. And one, because I joined when I was 17, and I walked in there, and I was very, very lucky in 1977. I'm 16 out. Yeah. In 1977, and that was the year that pumping iron was released. Right. I think bodybuilding probably just burst into the American mainstream in terms of awareness. It was still so new. Yeah. And can had just organized this crazy Mr. America parade through the street to Santa Monica to promote not only the gym, but the contest, because he promoted that year's AAU, Mr. America at the Santa Monica Civic. Okay. So it was, that's the environment I came into. It's like you walk in. All the stores are there. Right. T local TV stations are coming in constantly to shoot packages for the evening news and interview the guys. And it was just, it fired me up as a kid. And then years later, looking back saying, wait a minute, I was there. I know some of the guys. Right. I can contact him, and it kind of grew from there. What were the main, like, I guess household names over there at the time? Well, when I walked in one, and in the documentary, there's a point where I talk about, of course, there's Arnold and there's Zayne and there's Franco. By that time, those three guys were training at World Gym. But pretty much everyone else was a goal. When I walked in, Robby was there, Bill Grant, some mic mentor, Pete Grimkowski, high level A, you competitive Richard Ball, who was there training for a contest, Larry Gordon, Tony Pierce, and Mani Perry, a lot of people, the name of people from the 70s and 80s remember the mentors there at that point? Yeah, Mike was and then Ray came out later. I think Ray came out late 78. But I think Ray came about the time that I remember about the time Casey had come out. Yeah. Kate, Kate, Barry tour, and Danny Pothier would come out. When he was training for a show, he'd come back out from Rochester. So we were in Joe Weedorwood, walk in, and there'd be a couple of photographers like a guy named Craig Deet, he had, and then he also had to build rentals. And they would do photoshoot, right there. They'd set up the lights and do photoshoot. Was Lou there or was Lou at the World at that point? Lou was at both. And the whole, I mean, the whole goal of Jim World's Jim thing is a documentary. I don't know. Yeah, because Joe Gold is in a live anymore, just to do that one. Yeah, you know, I mean, it's, it's, you're getting any Julia, I didn't know for that one, man. Well, you know, it was funny. I saw Eddie at the file. I was down in Southern California a couple years ago, and I hadn't seen Eddie in years since World Jim. And went over and said hi, and we were talking. But he doesn't, I don't think he really likes to be interviewed. You know, I had him on my radio show years ago. It's great. Oh, he was awesome. Yeah, I don't think he liked, I don't think he does a lot of interviews, but he was really good on that show, you know. Yeah, oh, yeah, he's got great stories. Yeah. It's great, great guy. So yeah, I mean, that's how we started the research. I'm like, you know what, I know, I know I'm still in contact. I'll get one guy to contact other guys. I sent out emails and then got some back, some I didn't. But it was kind of, it's been a long, I just processed. I actually started this as a documentary on the 1977 Mr. America parade. So, you know, the guys that were in the parade that were at goals were like, Bill Grant, Ken Waller, Rudy Hermesio, who was Sylvester Stallone's bodyguard. And was a teenage Mr. America. Yeah, Rudy Hermesio. Okay. If you see, if if you Google him, you'll see him in Stallone. It's still long, it's giving him the trophy at the 78 goals classic. Rudy, but I got that. But I got that. Hermocio, H-E-R. And he was a bodyguard, okay. Yeah, and he also worked for Larry Flint as well. Howard, huh? Okay. And he was training people at Jim, like the race car driver Danny Sullivan, a couple of actors from Little House on the prairie at the time. I mean, that was the way that the Jim was, but that's kind of how I did my research. It's like, wait a minute, I was there. Right. I made it in a kid, but I knew the guys. And so, kind of group, from I think interviewing five guys to eventually, 16, 16 people about seven hours of interviews called down to about 90 minutes. Who was the most informative of all the people you interviewed? Well, I think it depends on what subject, but I would say, I would say, um, three guys, John Baylick. Yeah. Good. Charles Gaines, who wrote, stay hungry and pumping iron. Right. And Ken Spray. And one, because with Ken, you learn the chain of ownership of goals that a lot of people don't know. Give us that chain of ownership. Well, yeah, well, you know, everyone knows, you know, the name of the Jim is Gold's Jim. So, Joe Gold has built Gold's Jim in 65 and sold it in 1970. And a lot of guys, you know, it's hard for people today to realize, I mean, I know Gold is, it's still a large brand. They're still, what, over 500 locations around the world. But back then, um, there was no money in it. And, uh, Ken Spray said, I think Joe got tired of just like, running the Jim and not making any money. So he was looking for a buyer. And then, um, there were two guys in the Jim, but Danets and Dave Sacks. Mm-hm. And, uh, but Danets was an antique dealer. Dave Sacks was an engineer and was also a Jim member. And they bought it from Joe. Oh, I didn't even know that. I thought it went right to, you know, what's his name? Ken. Ken, yeah, I know. Like, that was one thing I found out about. How much did they sell it for? Did you find that up? You know, I know that Ken, Ken bought it from Dave and But, um, and he said he had to come up with $50,000. That's a lot. That's a lot. Yeah, back then it was, but what, what, um, he said what, um, Well, but Danets did when he bought the, the Jim from Joe was he bought, there was an empty lot next to the Jim on one side. And then there was a house on the other side. So, but Danets bought three lots. So, when Ken bought the Jim from him, um, he bought those three lots. So, it's like, okay, I bought the Jim and I bought, whatever reputation was at the Jim. I mean, it's hard for people to believe by 1972 and Ken bought it. Goals hadn't promoted a contest. They still were really known outside of people about body building magazines. Right. So, he almost three plots a land. Um, $50,000 is super mortgages. And, um, but Danets was desperate. He had some antique sprang-coat on me, but had some antique that were in the port of L.A., on a ship and he had no money to get them off. And that was his business. So, he's like, I have to sell the Jim to get the antique. Oh, my God. Yeah, they were going to sell the Jim anyway because they weren't making money either. Right. And, uh, I think, um, Ken said they came to me pretty much as a last resort. Like, hey, maybe this guy's got some cash. We can get the money for it. That's a lot of money back then. Yeah. Well, you know, um, Ken had a, uh, uh, production company. And he said we did everything from the O'Leo Marjorie commercials. Who religious programs to, Pornographic film. Oh, really? That's funny. Oh, yeah. It was on the, it was on the sound stage. And he said it was kind of funny because he said I'm not going to be shooting a blue movie on a Saturday night. And then, you know, we strike the set and then Sunday, we'd have a local preacher doing his doing his. And he's like so, and Ken, um, uh, Ken also had done, like, a lot of the guys, some modeling. Some, some modeling that was, Like, do you know, like, do you like stuff, you know, right? For certain magazines, it went not, but he said he, he got connected with a lot of people and Hollywood a lot of film directors whatnot. So he said all of a sudden, he was, I kind of had some leverage. Like, it's like, if they liked me, they would invest. Right. So, yeah. So I think that's kind of how it came about. And he just marketed the gym. I think something that Dan was, yeah, could. What do you think Joe sold it to the original guys for? Do you think, uh, you know, I think it was 50,000. Oh, so they didn't make any money on it. I, I, I, they stayed in the money back at Yatsha. Yeah. And, and, and only because John Bailey can mention that was the amount the Joe gold had mentioned to John because he wanted to sell it to John and John's, like, I can't come up with the money at the time. Right. But Joe, Joe had incorporated it. So he had shares in it for what that was worth. Yeah. But it was, it was pretty on the cheek. Bailey, like, if Bailey, when he got into Hollywood, that man, that would have been a, you know, a score for him. And he probably like banging his head against the table to get the money for that thing, you know. Oh, I know. I know. I mean, you, I mean, Bailey was a great interview because he mentioned his, his, his ideas for the Iron Man Jim's years later when when he owned the magazine. Right. But he, you know, he had ideas, but I don't know if that was in hindsight after what he solid happened with colds or not, but I enjoyed John's interviews. Just so knowledgeable on such a great guy. And he's a very good historian. You remember everything? Yes. I don't, I don't think I would be able to come up with all that information. I don't know if he's going to interview the him before it's really good. Yeah. He's got like an idetic mind, you know, I'm telling you like a story about Dick Tyler in 1964, then he'll tell you about some story in 1989 or something. It was just amazing. So, all right. So we got the, the chain of command went from Joe to them to now. They said the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, now how did he decide to finally solve the Jim? Yeah. Well, I'm 10. And in those seven years, uh, games of Butler come out to Chronicle and write the book pumping iron, um, shoot the movie a year or two later. And so it got really, really famous under under Ken's ownership, right? But his, his wife at the time, Marion, um, had gotten really sick with cancer. Oh. And, and this was in about 1978. And he said at that point, he had a lot of violence in the fire at the Jim. And he basically had, um, taken control of amateur bodybuilding with the AAU and gift raptured to the leaders because they wanted the AAU under the IFPB banner, right? Which eventually, I guess became the MPC. Sure. What he said, he was doing that. He was running the Jim. He had started running in other high end Jim, uh, in North in West Hollywood. And, um, and then he also owned a restaurant as well as real estate holdings. And then his wife gets cancer. So he says at that point, he's, I just had, yeah, too many plates spinning. And, um, his wife was dying Marion, had befriended Pete Grimmowski. She just says, you know, I think Pete would be a really good stewardship for the Jim because he really cares. Yeah. So that's, I think that's when Pete recruited, uh, Tim and Ed. And it was a fourth guy for a while that dropped out early. But that's kind of how the change of ownership went. I thought Ed was the guy who kind of got everyone else. But it seems like it was, it was Pete that actually recruited Ed, huh? Right. Right. Interesting. Yeah. What did they pay for that Jim from, at that time? You know, I think it was, I think they paid, uh, it wasn't a whole lot. And I think one again, because Cam was, he didn't need the money. But I think it was about Tim, Kimber, if you've spoken to Tim or Pete, they verified. I want to say it was like 125,000 or 150,000. But, but can had maintained ownership of some of the licensing fees on merchandise. Uh, at first. I think he eventually relinquished that. Okay. But that was, that was, uh, the, it wasn't, it wasn't a whole lot. And can actually, um, was approached by another buyer group that offered way more than that. Like, can't it said it was over 10 times what a cow keep. But can't like, one, I don't need the money. And they're like, we're going to sue you because sue me of what? It's my property. You can't do it too well. You know, they, they wanted it. But, uh, it went to the right hand. For sure. Yeah. Well, you knew that the bodyables would protect it. So now, when did they decide to move goals? Was that after the purchase? Um, yes. And again, this, I think, um, I had a really, really great interview with Pete, uh, Grimm Kowski that I think I have about two hours of pee. That I have to call, I've called it down to like maybe four minutes. Oh, my God. But there is so much and the movement of goals from second street back to Venice. Yeah. Probably has a little bit to do with the whole world gym, gold, gym war. Because Ken Spray was offered the building that gold was in on second street. Yeah. The guy that owned that building. There was a, uh, a Delhi next to it. And then on the other side of goals was pussycat theater. Yeah. And, um, and, um, but the guy hole at the guy owned the entire, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, Billed it. And Ken's like, um, you know, I'm, I'm out of the real estate game. I'm out of, I, I've got other things on my plate. Well, Robert Blake bought that building. Oh, uh, right up the actor right. Oh, right up. So Robert Blake, um, bought the building. And, uh, Pete says, you know what? He goes, I know that that Robert was chemming up with Arnold and he was showing up over at World Gym, even though he was training at Vince's and the valley. Yeah. And he says about that time, we started getting a lot of holes in our roof and a lot of leaks. No way. And all of a sudden he goes, it goes, he owns a building. And all of a sudden our rent quadruple. Oh, and he said, yeah. So he says we, we didn't want to cast dispersions, but it was very, very suspicious that we, he goes, we started sustaining a lot of water damage and other buildings in the same or other businesses and same building weren't. And we were. And so, um, they locked out. I think Pete went over to that building on Hampton. Yeah. And, um, you know, at that time, and it's kind of revered to that, but in a different way. It was kind of an war zone. And, uh, but it was cheap. Like, I already read a lot of games around there, right? Exactly. Exactly. A lot, a lot, yeah. A lot of gang activity in that part of Venice. And, um, Pete somehow had, uh, connections with Ruth Gellantre who was an L.A. County supervisor. And she also owned property in that section of L.A. and in the Venice section of L.A. So he got a really, really good sweetheart deal. And so they were able to get out of second street, um, over to Hampton and dirt cheap. And, uh, it's a good story to know that. And it's interesting, Robert Blake was the guy who was accused of killing his wife, too. Yeah, exactly. Years later. Yeah, years later. And he somehow got off. So it doesn't, you know, it might not be that shocking of a story to, to buy into that, that there was some sabotage at that point. But, uh, because Joe Gold did not like the, you know, if you trained at World at Gold Gym and didn't come to World Gym where he opened his gym, he didn't talk to it, right? I mean, from a leaf priest kind of insinuated that to me, you know. Yeah, it was, it was a long, it was a long standing, um, it's odd, I had to kind of, I had to kind of, um, can you still see me? Yeah, yep. Okay, because it just said my internet was unstable. I was just going to apologize for that. But, um, there were guys that were Joe Gold, Loyalists and guys that were Gold Gym, Ken Spray Loyalists. And I kind of had to, when I'm interviewing these guys, you know, because I belong to both Jins. Yeah. Once Ken sold Golds, I joined World and I joined World. But Ken Spray could beat Joe Gold into lawsuits. And so there was a lot, a lot of bad blood. Um, Joe. Over the lawsuits, over. The lawsuits were, um, you know, Joe, Joe wanted back in the gym business. And he offered Ken, he offered money to Ken in like 76 for the gym. And it was a lowball offer. And Ken says, you know, no, um, no, I'm doing well. Thank you. And Ken said, the only reason I did change the name was out is just too lazy. Because I could have changed it to Silver's gym or Ken's gym or gym gym. Yeah. He goes it in really mad, right? Just kept it on it. But anyway, so Joe wanted to build a gym. And part of the non-compete clause in the original sale was Joe could open up another gym. He can't use his name. Right. But you, you can't use your name. And you can't open it up within a certain distance. Oh, okay. Well, Joe, Ken says I see Joe break round on Main Street and Santa Monica, the less than a mile and a half for my gym, which is way inside. And he's already break. He was, I let them finish the building and then I suit him. And so he goes, I had Joe go dead to rights because there was no way he could open up a gym because but I looked across the table, the guy loves the gym. That's, it's like, yeah. I just made, I told him I said, look, we can coexist. Yeah. It's going to be a great gym. We'll put forth some other restrictions. You can advertise, right? Right. And you can't have photos to be in this gym in any magazine for two years. Joe, like, sure, they hand-shake their, the lawyer side off. No food or does that happen. All of a sudden, their show photos, the world gym showing up in muscle digest. That, um, what I guess what they did was they set up a ladder and took pictures through the window. Um, you know, but Ken's like, well, here we go again. It's like, right to my face. So there's so, so much bad blood that started with that that a lot of people don't know. I didn't know. But Ken said, you know what? After that, it's like, you know what? If fine, you know, we're both doing fine. Um, but so that was interesting. Yeah, I was just, I don't know. I don't know. Sorry, who told you that story? Well, I've heard it. John Baylick, Ken, Rick Trace. I mean, it was, it was one of those things too that I think because, um, you know, we all make a lot of it for our friends, right? You know, um, you know, people we know and they might do something. We'll go, oh, you know, I probably wouldn't have done that, but you're my friend. And I'm with you. And I think they kind of stuck like Franco and Rick, like, yeah, Joe, that probably wasn't too cool, but you are a guy. Yeah. But there were a lot of guys that went back and forth. There were guys that lived in both worlds, Plats, Lou. Yeah. Quite a few guys could go back and forth to both gyms. And Joe was okay with Lou going back and forth. Yeah. Yeah. You know, he loved Lou. Like, you know, Lou was just great publicity and for some reason. I don't know. Maybe because he was called Arnold guy. Yeah. Well, aren't, but Arnold never went to golf, right? No, Arnold. Yeah. After, um, after that lawsuit in 76 and, and that was the, um, he's, we're getting the lawyer talk here. I don't know if this is too interesting or not. No, I think it's very interesting because I didn't know. Okay. But Arnold, um, right about the time education of a bodybuilder and come out, you know, in the book, I believe he had said that Gold's gym no longer exists and now it is world gym. And then, yeah, if you look at the first edition, or he had said that, well, he also said going from Gold's to world as I going from an outhouse to a penthouse. Oh, wow. And he, he also repeated that on the Johnny Carson Show and the Murphy's Show. Oh, my God. And, um, and then Bobby Schreiber, who is Maria Schreiber's brother, you know, he married Maria, and Bobby was writing for the L.A. Carol Examiner, which was her herst newspaper in Los Angeles. Yeah. And, and, and all of a sudden, the world, all these articles in L.A. Carol Examiner, shady dealings and Gold's gym is both gym and front for, just Gold's, just, you know, and so Ken says I called up my lawyers that this is it. Just we're going to town, you know, and they slat he goes, we slap the lawsuit on Arnold for slander and liable. Oh, wow. Really. And, um, and he goes, and we also sued Gold's Gulf Western Paramount, which owned Paramount studios, which was investing in Arnold's career at that time. And, um, Arnold got to testify on behalf of Arnold, and he was a part of the party's elder and Joe Weeder. Joe Weeder testified on behalf of Ken and already, was kind of like a hostile witness. He didn't want to testify against anyone. And, already, that's just I don't want to get involved, right? Um, but, um, anyway, I took a lot of Joe Weeder action testified theoretically against Arnold in the sense, right? Right. Right. And, and it was, it was a lot going on because Arnold's contract with Joe was, uh, expiring. Of course, he'd already retired, right? It was like 1977. He was never coming back. No. And, um, but he was chumming up with muscle digest. It was a smaller publication. Yeah. Published down in Southern California, but Arnold was trying to use them for leverage. And Joe felt kind of hurt. But then, you know, I think it's funny, because I have the deposition papers. Can gave him to me. Yeah. Um, but it's pretty interesting. But anyways, the, um, the lawsuit to back off, um, I don't know if Gulf West Trinit said, you know what? We're not going to win this. Let's kind of fold our tents. And it kind of just went away. But that's, that's a lot of the world gym goals gym, bad blood. Do they have to pay anything to, can? You know, for, for what? I think the lawsuit was still going on. Peacrum Calves, he said he dropped the lawsuit because he did and the stomach for it. Got it. And by that time, I think Ken's wife had died. Uh-uh. Um, if you look at the, if you look at the, if you look at the deposition, I don't think that Gulf Western would have won that. I think Ken would have because, um, just because of what was imprint and what was said, you know, so. So when Ed and Pete and Tim took over goals, um, obviously moved it to the new location, which was way bigger. Um, yeah. What was the, what changed? Because it looked like that's when gold kind of like took off into orbit, so to speak. Yeah, you know, um, I was a member there for a little bit. And, um, I think one, the space was larger. Uh, they eventually opened up a few, a few more days in that building on Hampton. Right. Um, you can probably get like Tim or Ed to talk about it because that you want one, that was their gym. They owned it. They knew what they did. But it, it, it, one, I think the magazines, you know, it was like body building became huge, right? Everyone was doing it. Um, and I think the magazines, when when people would look at the magazines and see these guys training there, um, that everyone wanted to go there. And, and it exploded. I think, um, you know, Ed had mentioned this that, uh, the logo of goals, um, was over the window, so that when the photos were taken inside the gym, he would all see the goals logo. Yeah. And so it just kind of reinforcing it and branding it. And, um, at that time too, let's, it was before the internet. Um, and people had to go to one location. They hadn't started licensing those gyms yet. Right. Um, and it was still a destination. So I, I think that's what, what did it, you know. I think the size of the gym helped tremendously. Yeah. Oh, yeah. And Joggle was very, you know, he didn't play music. He, you know, he was very restricted in what you could do. And you couldn't do there. So I think a lot of people didn't feel comfortable, maybe, in that gym, you know, you're right. So obviously, goals became the place that they wanted people in there. And totally got the whole marketing aspect of it. I mean, if you were a bodybuilder, you trained there for free. They gave you free clothing. They wanted you to wear the clothes. They, it was a very welcome environment. At least I remember in the early 90s when I went there, you know. So I think that was really what made the gym so welcoming to the masses, you know. Oh, yeah. You know, yeah. You mentioned that when you said, um, the clothing and the branding and and two, I, I noticed that not only a personality shift, but an age difference between world and gold because a lot of the world guys were probably the original Joe gold guys from back in the middle 60s. Right. Because I've ever seen a lot of guys that to me were old back then. Yeah. They're probably the age I am now. And they stuck with Joe through those years. But you're right. It's like, you know, peak room, Calstukits. And we gave way a lot of, he called it activity. Yeah. And by activity, you know, free gym memberships the clothing. He says that they became walking, you know, walking, it advertised for our business. Yeah. But also Pete, you know, I told Pete, I said, you know, not a lot of people would do that. And I go, you, I think Pete comes from an abundance mindset. Mm-hmm. You know, he's just like, everyone can be successful. And, um, he's, uh, Yeah. Are you okay? Now I'm good. I'm just, oh, my, my producer. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You know, you're just giving away gym memberships and, and, and clothing sweatsuits, um, paying, paying guys' ways to compete, you know, feeding them. And, um, and yeah, Yaki, like you said, it was just a way, way, way more welcoming environment for, for young guys. What was the most, um, I guess monumental thing that you kind of, you learned while doing this documentary. Like, what was something like you said, holy, Mac, I didn't even really realize this is, this is, this is, like, this is something like that people are going to see, wow, when they, when they watch this documentary. Yeah, um, got, um, in terms of the documentary, the content, I think it would be the history of the ownership of gold, because like you, uh, you know, when I joined gold, can't own it. I didn't even know about gannets and sacks in between. Mm-hmm. And, uh, unless you do a deep dive on that, right. You, you wouldn't, you, you wouldn't know. And I, I think that's it. I also think the backstory of the book pumping, the iron, the album, and it's, uh, Charles Gaines to get that thing published. You got turned down by, I think, three different publishing companies, right, um, before he finally got that, uh, in print. And, um, those are two things that are huge that we don't realize that those things don't happen. If gold's Jim doesn't stay open, then the book pumping iron never gets written. If that book never gets published, a movie never gets made. We never, you know, sure. So many things hindered on those. So I think, I think those are the two, the two biggest. Mm-hmm. Do you think that you see or saying basically the pumping iron put gold, Jim on the map is really one of them out to do? Yeah, I think so. I mean, one because of Arnold, right. I think one, I think, um, a lot. Charles Gaines just said, we just, he was the first time I met Arnold. Um, I turned to George Butler and go, this, this guy's going to be a star. He goes, and this was like 1972, when they met at some little tiny contest in the East Coast, because there's just something about this guy, man. He's just think it was in, uh, he was, we should do a book on him. So I think that's kind of how pumping iron came about. Nice. You know, I mean, Well, I mean, dream big, it looks like a really, I thought you sent me about it. I think I'd worth it about a six minute or a 12 minute clip for something like that. I watched. Yeah. I was completely engrossed. I forgot. I was a clip. I was watching. I was also in the stuff. I'm like, I wanted to see the rest of it. You know, I was so engaged in it. So I know you spent a lot of time. You labored a lot. I know you're still trying to raise the rest of the money to kind of finish the project and get it into some of these film festivals. I think it's going to do really well. What your projection in terms of life when you think this thing might actually hit where people can actually, you know, watch it somewhere. Well, I have to get it submitted to the Venice Film Festival in California by Middleson, Timber. And if it's accepted, uh, the festival was October 1st through 3rd. Right. So my hope there is that it gets some recognition and hopefully gets picked up for some sort of distribution. So it'd be after that. The plan B, let's just say it gets no recognition, then I will probably do itself self upload to like iTunes, if the meow. Yeah. Amazon. I think it will get well. What's the length of the film? It is, it is about an hour and 20 minutes. Oh, good. It's starting to finish, not counting credits. So and and I had to cut a lot of stuff out. I mean, it just, you know, it looks like a like a like a blooper reel. That will, you know, or direct this guy as soon as. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There's, there's some really good stuff. I want to see it all. I want to see all the footage. I want to watch all the raw footage, too. That's a great. You probably make another whole movie from the raw footage you have. Yeah. Yeah. Probably. Just from the green caskies interview from what you're telling me. You know. What, what an amazing character. I mean, just, you know, he's, it's, it's funny. I just think he's almost like the epitome, you know, a guy that flew out from Florida. You know, he was, he left raw chesters and Florida flies out with less than 70 bucks in his pocket. It's sleeping under the period and Dale burgers. You know, and he goes, I didn't people were laughing at me because I knew they're making fun. I mean, he's like, you really got it. Sleeps under the pier. You know, and, you know, two years later, he was in a position to buy gold and then a couple years after that, he had license it to a few hundred locations. So, you talk about a seat of the pants, believe in yourself, kind of guy. Yeah. He peed it. You know. Hey, he envisioned it and he made it happen. That's, that's really what it amounts to. I mean, it's phenomenal. Now, you are trying to raise somebody to finish this film off. What's the go fund me account if people want to donate to this? Yeah. I sent a link. It is, is go fund me. They can check it on Facebook. If they do. I want to put it up on the screen. So where can I answer this? Okay. What's the name of the go fund me account? What is it under? It's under, uh, more important. It's go, uh, dream big documentary, more important. We'll pull that up. And um, and what are you looking to raise? Well, what I'm looking to raise, uh, my initial ask was about 30, 30,000. Right. The, you know, insurance is the most important. We almost have that covered. What is that? What exactly is that for? Well, it's, uh, air is an omissions insurance. And so when, um, when you write a book or, uh, do a movie. And you put it out there for public consumption. Um, there are people that might take offense. Um, although this movie, there's, there's all heroes in this movie. There's no villains. Yeah. So there's really little exposure. But you still, uh, in terms of also stuff that had to purchase, there's a B-roll footage from, um, producers library and on ball films and getting images. And all these other places itself stock footage and photos. Um, I have to have to pay for. I just don't, um, well, so I have to protect yourself, uh, indemnity against, uh, anyone who might be in a photo that takes offense to it or something. And it's just, it's, it's, you know, what you have to do in the legal world. And, and so that's, um, uh, that's the air, the air is an omissions insurance. There's color correction, professional color correction and sound mixing. And then, uh, film festival fees. So, um, and you're fun to be solving yourself pretty much from your pocket. Yeah, pretty much. I had a life coach named Mike Murphy. He's living in Columbia now. He runs a, uh, a cancer foundation, uh, for women who don't have funds. And he's putting a lot of his money towards that. So he, he helped get me started, but it's been pretty much mostly me since then. And, um, um, I could enter it into the film festival with the best color correction I can do in the best sound mixing. I can do, um, and hope for the best, um, would prefer someone who professionally does that to be able to, uh, Yeah, sure. I'm kind of giving one to you. Yeah, totally. Yeah. Well, good luck with the rest of the project. I am, I am, for everyone out there who's watching. If you want to see this movie, go donate a few bucks to Mark's, uh, fund. We put it up on the screen because, you know, the history, well, we got as a history about it. A lot of people know nothing about the history of our sport about the gyms and gold gym and Venice. This is, this is great. I can't wait to watch the whole thing to be honest with you. It was really captivating what I did watch. I know a lot of the people in it. I know Bill Grand very well and Bill's in real character as well. So, yeah, you didn't get Lee on Brown in the movie, did you? No, I didn't. Yeah. That was fun. Oh, I know. Yeah, an original character from the book Pumping Iron, too. Yeah. Yeah. Well, good luck. You'll keep us updated when the movie is ready to come out. So we can tell our audience. And like I said, great job with this and I really enjoyed the interview today. Learn a lot of. Well, thank you. Thank you. I did as well, Dave. Thank you very much. I appreciate having this form. So, thanks again. And guys, that's going to take us to the end of another episode of the history of bodybuilding. I'm Dave Palumba with Mark Martinez. We'll see you next time.