Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA PIDX Road, there's 30-year-to-row, and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry with the Ocar Hot Tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. I'm Dave Polumbo, founder of Species Nutrition. I created Species Nutrition with one mission in mind to provide body builders and serious athletes with no nonsense supplements that work and are backed by science. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body, and that lives on in this Species Nutrition line of products we use only top of the line formulations, toast for maximum results, and the best flavoring systems available. I've put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition products. If you want to be your absolute best, join the evolution. When you're asleep, they're just getting started. John, Dave Polumbo, after hours. Welcome back to After-Hours. Once again, I'm Dave Polumbo joined by my co-hosting crime John Romano, and John, it's funny. I have a very good dear client of mine, Phil Klohari's an IFVV pro. I just play fourth at the Tampa Pro, and Ron Harris contacted him from Muscle Development to doing interview. Ron has to do pre-interviews with these guys because he doesn't follow really anything that's going on, so he doesn't know what's going on. During the pre-interview, he's like, well, who trains you and he's like, Dave Polumbo does my diet and he's like, oh, we can't talk about him. Can you believe Blackwyn is still censoring the guests? That's the way they can talk about it and I talk about it. Oh my god, yeah, of course I can believe it. You know, we haven't let go of him. He's not going to let go of us. Yeah, we can't fit it. But I mean, we do it because we have an endless comedic value to him. He's still the freaking guy who can't fit it. Now we're talking about Dave Polumbo. Ron, take the editing. Ron just doesn't want to have to re-enate the interview. That's all. Like, God forbid Blackwyn actually listens to it, you know? Exactly. Or imagine if you did his diet trained and took your supplements and he lived with you. Yeah, he does. Yeah, he does. What? We're taking a talk about it. Right. Well, I said, yeah, you're interviewing the person except you're really not asking him about how they actually had success in their prep because you're not allowed to talk about certain aspects of their life. So I said, what's the purpose of doing the interview then? What? Talk about something else. I don't know. It makes something up. You're not going to talk about sport. We need to write. I just imagine how tormented he must be in his head. How just absolutely conflicted and tormented. Yeah. I would bet that in his deep darkest places, he is in agony. Yeah. Well, he is. Yeah, of course. He's got all this money. He's got all this money. And he could buy all the glutes in the world with it. He could, we wear it a smoke and jacket every day in a freaking tower. 10,000. He could buy a tie land or something. Yeah. And he knows it. But he can't do it. And the thing is, when he eventually dies, probably at 120 years old because he'll live forever because he's so healthy. You know, God bless him. I hope he does. You know, it's going to happen. Jordan when he gets his, his son when he gets his inheritance will spend it. We'll be spending like he's like Donald Trump, you know. The money will be, but healthy spending the way Steve wants to spend, you know. Right. Well, except we'll be spending it on marijuana and skateboarding. Oh, whatever he's interested. But I'm saying, he'll enjoy his life now, you know. Oh, yeah, no. He won't be tormented. Blackman's torment. Yeah. He's absolutely tormented. He is, he, it's like, it's like you feel like this pile of cash right here, you know, 300,000 dollars. And you wanted to buy this and you wanted this Ferrari in the worst. But you, you can't spend, yeah. You can't do it. You have the money. You have his right there. And you can't buy the Ferrari. That's right. So he, he's, he's an agony to court. I mean, what, what do you think he thinks about the David Pecker, you know, being a let go from MMI there? Oh, that's a victory for him. Yeah, I would think so, right? Oh, absolutely. That's, that's a, I beat him, you know. Maybe now he can retire, you know, maybe now he can, you know, he can let go, because he's outlasted everybody else gone. He's, he's the, he's the last ship in the Armada that hasn't sunk yet, you know. Well, let me look at Iron Man's gun. Muscle mag is gun, flex is gun, Muscle, they're all gone. He, he, he actually won, I don't know what he won. And he won the booby prize, but, uh, maybe he's the stupidest person to keep printing a magazine. That's about the only thing I could think of, I guess. It's like you live in this neighborhood, okay? And Thursday night you take out the trash, right? And, and you hate to look of trash cans in front of the house. So use the guide of weights to the last possible minute before the garbage man comes to put his trash can even if he's got to wake up at 330 in the morning and do it. So, so that as soon as the trash can is empty, he can put it back and he doesn't have to deal with the trash can in front of him. It matters that much, you know, that he's the last magazine standing. It's like, it's exactly like it's, you're the only house in the block that doesn't have the garbage can out. There you go. That's how it works. That's a good metaphor. I got it, bitch, and we can play them at something you see this. This is, you know what this is, John? No. It is one of those little bleach tabs that you drop into your toilet wall. Ah, yeah, it's okay. You actually put it into tank of the toilet wall so that you, right. The water stays, I don't disinfect it, is that what it's supposed to be? Is it a blue one? Do you like the blue color? I do like the blue one. This happens if you're a white one. Just for disinfection purposes or everything smells nice. They don't tell you something about these. These things disintegrate the internal components of the toilet wall. Now, how I know that? Because my toilet wall was running. You've got a non stop. And when the toilet, when you have a water system on your house, a very expensive one that has a 500 gallon storage tank, and you make our own water and you cute, you alkalineize it and it has stored. And then you go to turn the water on in the morning to brush your teeth and you got no water. And you say, why don't I have any water? You sound like I'm selling my father. And it turns out that this stupid tab disintegrated the toilet in my office here, which then made it run all night, which depleted my tank. I didn't believe it, but it's the truth. So my gut, my plumber comes, who was always at my house for some reason. He's, by the way, uses species nutrition supplements. I wish I could pay him in species supplements, because every time he comes across me, 120 bucks. And he's like, I have a change in eternal guts. Are you using any kind of drop in the huge tab? So I'm like, I had the fact I am. I said, I'm a, we like keeping clean here. He's like, well, it's eating away a corroded away the internal components of the toilet ball. I said, well, why do they sell these things then? No, no, this goes in the tank. Oh, it goes in the tank. But it's the, it's rubber, it's rubber, it's. I think it's a conspiracy. I think the plumber of America have designed this tab purposely to disintegrate the internal components of the ball. So they have more work. That's my, that's my conspiracy theory for the day. It's an interesting theory. But there is evidence to prove that this, this, this, this does kill the COVID-19 virus. I guess this, this, this, this. So you have what does it. This, this, this, this, this, this, this, this. The other thing that's asking me today is I have these one guys. Okay, they come. Actually, to law and woman. So first, one, the first part I've ever seen, uh, there was a female that, that does one service. You know, not that does anything wrong, that she does a great job. But they like to come early or early or early or early week, John. So I have, you know, I have the little dogs, the multi, and the, and the, the, and the Yorkie. And they don't really do anything, but they're alert. They're alert dogs. They hear noise they bark. So they come in at seven in the morning. They do in my lawn. Brrrrrr. And then the dogs have got on crazy, of course, because they, they think someone's, breaking into the house. Oh, what? Since when did they start doing the lawns at seven in the morning? Is this, is this a freaking new thing? Well, then let me come at night and do it. When the sun goes down. I don't want to hear it in the morning. Tell them. Do you speak Spanish? Tell them. No, you know, I need, I need, I think, I'm hiring a groundskeeper. We bought the property across the street for my house. What's cool? Any, they have a guy there who does all the, the grounds. And I'm thinking, you know what, if I'm going to, if he does their grounds across the street, I might as well have to do all my properties. You know, I'll just hire him, you know, he's already full time with that guy across the street. But I need to speak a word to English. They got for Google Translate, which I got to tell you is pretty amazing. I can help you. I know. I need a John Romano brush up less than in Spanish. I'm going to do the same thing. We, you know, with, with the, the rain has been so wet this summer, the growth. Everything is grown like, I can't, there's no way I can keep up with this. I'm hiring a crew. Oh, yeah, you got, you can't do it yourself. The whole bank of the river is just freaking over a king and see the water. It's like, overgrown. It's not like you're admitting the feat. You're just saying, you know what? I have better uses of my time than getting out there and, and mowing, that's that you can't do it. Of course you can do it. I could do it too if I really wanted to. Well, who wants to spend three hours a day, you know, mowing the lawn and cutting stuff? I mean, I don't know if some people get put, put pleasure out of that. I have, I get pleasure out of other things that I'd rather be doing. So I don't mind paying someone to do it. I fall into that category wanting to do everything myself. Yeah, because it just kills me to pay somebody for something that I can do. Right, but think about how much more money you're making, being productive, doing something else, like doing this shower. Nice. And you know what it's, I argue with my wife, but this I got at least for the front of the house. I want to get a weekly landscape. Right. Okay, do the edging, do the weeds, the paniest stuff. Yeah. The all pan and the ash shit that's, but mindless. Not that it's, I'm looking for somebody stupid. I'm just talking about my mind is going to mind or moan or moan or long. I'm thinking about shit and then I'm going to run over my foot. But you can't be able to empty my ankle. So, so, so, so, and just, just every time I go into the, to the tool shed, I get the trim around the fucking thing that the line is off. I can't, I spend so much time digging around. Wasting, wasting time. I know. So I can do the edging and I change the blade and then I go in the belt is broken on the track. I got a little bit of a bad, you know, I got a fix. I got it, I got to go get gas, I got to move back. You oiled it, I got the blow, I got it in the net. And all of this shit breaks and who's got a fix it. So, you know, my life doesn't understand that. That is maintenance and all of this shit. It's time. Right. And if you just paid a guy 40 bucks a week to come and just mold the freaking lawn of season and blow it in the bone, done. Yeah. I don't have to worry about any of this. And then you can do the fun stuff. I like the plant, like the trees and fruit trees and I do my tomatoes. I don't want to do the stuff I don't enjoy doing. I don't want to have to do the maintenance work. That's not, and once again, if it was 20 years ago and I didn't have anything to do in my biggest, you know, the conundrum was should I go tanning first or should I eat my McDonald's meal first, so go to the gym. Then it's a different story, but now I got too much going on. And you know what, yard work in the summertime sucks because of the bugs, man. You get those nuts flying around your head. That right there, the kids just do not endure 30 minutes of nuts is worth 40 bucks a week to me. That's right there. Yeah. So, I'm very, very cool. And you know what? Yeah, please. And it's a thousand degree. Florida, I thought the summers were the same in Florida, New York. I go outside and do some just some planting and you know, I'm not really even exerting myself. And I come in a dripping sweat. I feel like I need it. I get it laid out. I'm so exhausted. The sun just drains the life out of you. And as my wife always points out, I always do it like noon with the worst possible time. Because that's what I have available. You know, it's the humidity. You're many. Yeah. I don't even know. I don't even know. It doesn't feel that bad when I'm out there. It's after what's when I come in. I hit my head. It sucks. It sucks the energy out here. I think we're just all, that's really what it is. But it really, I remember being a carpenter. You know, back at Framer back when I was, you know, the 1920 years old, you know, slinging a hammer out into Sunald. I didn't bother me. Because I was doing it every day. I used to it. Now, you know, you go out and you do it now when it's. I haven't done that in, you know, five years. I haven't exerting myself. That matter, you know. It's the human body is so weird. If you could do something like over here, you do it like this. You're lifting this thing off or carrying it over here. You do it every day. You have no problem. If you alter that by on the canics of that movement, one degree. Yeah. But it's your sore, your beat up. Everything's different. That's why you have to change up the workouts, John. That's what you know. You're bodybuilding. You're working different muscle groups. All right. One more bitch you're playing. So I, so when I first moved here, we had, there was no internet in this community. It's like a spread out community. So no one, none of the neighbors wanted to rally with me and get together and get these people to install a high fiber optic line. So I finally found one company, Century-Link business. Luckily, I have my business on my property, I have a separate building. I got them to run a line and run it a mile long to my house. Well, I thought they would have charged me a fortune. But they just snuck it into the bill. So I never choice. I was paying 1100 dollars a month for internet. 1100. And I played off the business. Obviously, I worked muscle with species, but it's ridiculous. I had no choice. I had no choice. And I know what they did. They amortized the cost of the install over three years. So three years is passed already. So my neighbor comes up to me and she's like, oh, I got high speed. Because when they ran my line, they ran another line there for the neighbor. So basically, I paid for all the neighbors to be able to get internet. But they're just now, they just, it took them about two or three years to realize that they can do that. Because then originally they're like, oh, it's fast enough. Fast enough, it was DSL John. It was like the, it was like, remember the dial-up when you used to do AOL when you were when it first came out in the 90s and you had the moment it would go, B, B, B, B, B. And that was the speed it had. You couldn't download a picture. That's how slow it was. That's what we had to do this. So my neighbor comes out to say, oh, the internet's great and how's your internet? I'm like, oh, what's your speed? Well, you know, I pay for 100, 100, 100, max, up 100, max down, which is a good speed. If you have the live stream and somebody that, he's been in 450. No, she's getting 950. 950 up and down. So what do you pay for that? She's like $65 a month. And like, what? What? $65 a month? So I don't believe her. I think they lied to me. I call up century like, that not the business, the other one, because they don't communicate obviously. Right. She's like, oh, you can hook you up, because I'm, of course you can hook me up, because I'm the hook up, right? It's already, it goes to the edge of my property. That's as far as the line goes. She's like $65 a month. I so have what's speed am I going to get? She's like $950 up and down. I said, you know I'm paying 1100, they don't know anything, because they don't, business doesn't talk to residential. So also my dogs are barking again this morning. This is yesterday was that was the long ago. Another this morning was the long guys. So I fall back asleep after the long guys leave. Eight o'clock, the dogs are barking again. So it's not the end of my front door. It's century like we're here to install the line. I say, you know, it's supposed to come full Thursday. He's like, well, we got to run the line and the people will hook it up on Thursday. I said, well, I already got a line. The like you have a line already. I said, yeah, I know like the five rest that I have fiber. He's a will let me see it. I said, we can't see it. It's in a conduit. I said, you got to come into my building. So I think I'm in the building. I showed you, we got fiber here. I said, does anyone talk to anyone at your company over there? Does anyone know what's anyone's, I never seen a confidence like this in Florida. Any other state, I would live in Pennsylvania when I was in college. It's something about the South John. I think or Florida. I don't know what it is. I think the sun may drain the logic out of people's brains. Yeah. They just, they just move at a very slow pace in the South, you know. And I mean, people, people, tireless cities giving up. We're just talking about it. So I was like, they just, everyone just throws their arms up and they'll want to work. That's what they do. I've had four people. I can put a fence around my property. No one comes back after the first visit. Oh, that's a common complaint everywhere. I'm not going to say it. Who is the head of all this? I sent out all the time and what can my construction company do? Why? When the one that comes back, you say you give me a video. You say you're going to come Tuesday. You come Tuesday. Nobody else comes. Why is that, John? Why would don't people want to work? I think what happens is they bite off more than they can chew. When you work it, when you're a small contractor, you know, you're a one, two, three men show and you're doing all the work yourself. You're working on a job now. You think, oh, I'm going to be done in two weeks. Right. And that's why I'm going to line up another job to take to start when the two weeks is up. But nothing takes two weeks. It takes four. It takes six. And then you can back up the job and then you have the another one in the funnel. And now that one's backed up and they find somebody else to do it. And then you move. So it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's never a system. When you, when you do a, when you do like more than one day stuff, like if you will, you can go in and do a job in a day or two, like a final job or something fast, that's, that's one thing. But when, when you do a protracted jobs, you know, like a fence could take a week, you know. And then, but it, but we can turn into two weeks because of the weather, because of material, because of help, because of COVID, because of you name it. So the hardest thing in the construction business is to accurately plot time and, and make it come true. Let me ask you a question now. If you're a fence company and you, all you do is fences and someone wants to hire you to do a fence. And you got a lot of fence to do and you're going to make a lot of money on the job. Why don't you're going to come back and do the fence? Because it rained three days ago and the other chin and the other fence job got delayed. And now the one you had come in between you and him is now delayed. And then two guys call in six months. Yeah, don't mean six months. I don't care. I'm just telling you on the calendar. But I understand your position because people tell me all the time. Nobody shows up, nobody shows up. But when you're actually, you know, having to deal with this shit, it's, when you got to rely on other people, employees, other people to shop, the weather, tools, not break. And I mean, it's all kinds of shit you got to deal with in that business. It's frustrating to the whole motor because they just wanted them to come back and do the job. You know, I've had guys come at and I've told them other people didn't come back and they're like, oh, we're not like, I never hear from them. They don't even give me like a proposal. It's crazy. I never did that. I always, if I was getting delayed or something, I would contact them or say, look, it's not going to be next week. It's going to be a week after. Or I'll send somebody else to do it if you want. But so I got this, I got this rooster next door to me. It's actually $2 down with the rooster comes into my name as backyard. And it's always, there's a few of them. They're roostering it up. Now the girl, the seven-year-old girl lives in that house with the owner of the roosters, she cleans snakes for me. Like I pair like the clean snakes. She's like, whoa, she cleans snakes. Like she comes to clean the snake tubs for me. Because I have so many snakes. She's like, wait down. No, no, no, no, no. She cleans the tubs out for me. She's like cleaning cages. Okay. She's into all the snakes, everything like that. So she comes in. She's like, you know, we have too many roosters. I said, I know I hear him every freaking morning. I said, they don't stop. She's like, my mom, they're starting to bat the other hands. Because I guess if you have too many roosters, they only want to do his breed all day. Kind of like a bunch of male bodybuilders, you know. And she's like, you know, do you want any of the roosters? I said to the feet to your snakes. Because you know, the big snakes will eat, you know, the leech chickens and roosters. So I'm thinking to myself in my head, like I got this evil devil on one side of the little angel on the other side of the devil's say, they eat them, feed them, get rid of these freaking roosters. You won't have to hear him in the morning anymore. And the other one's like, you can't feed a live rooster. Like in other words, if it was dead already, I wouldn't mind dangling it and give it to the snack. John Scuderry would do it. Yeah. Like I can feed a rat to a snake, no problem. So you got like a giant like boa constrictor in a cage, you're going to throw a rooster in there. Yeah, I mean, the bird is popping. We're happening, wrap it around, strangling, swallow it. Right. Well, and Logan would love to walk. Oh, I know. It would be a great video. But I always feel bad for the rooster. So I said, I can't. If you want to kill the rooster, bring it over. I'll feed it to the snake. I said, so. Yeah. Oh, you got a video. I don't want to see that. I thought I wanted to know rats are smarter than roosters. They probably are. Yeah. The rat hurt the snake. You got to be careful. Yeah, those snakes are pretty, you know what? The snakes are stupid in this one sense because if they're in shed or they're going to shed their skin or they're that in the mood to eat because sometimes they just don't want to. They'll let the rat eat them basically. They're dumb like that. But if 99 times out of 100, you put that right in everything is amazing. So it is what it is. It's funny. I love all animals. But you know, sometimes there's like, when things are too big, it becomes like it almost becomes too traumatic for me in my mind. Like a lot of people feed rabbits to the big, the big, the big python's. I'm really. What's the biggest snake that you have in captivity? I have, well, the Burmese python's get pretty big, but I don't feed them a lot so they don't they grow slow. I probably have like a 12, 12 footer, you know. They get pretty sick. They're like about that. I did a video up on my polombos python's Instagram if you on the story. If you go take a look at it, you can see a pretty big one I have. You can swallow one of your kids. Now they can't do that. But I wouldn't leave my kids alone with them, but they're very tame these things. But once again, you know, with kids you don't you can't leave around. That's why I have a separate building. So the kids don't get it. Yeah, but the kids like them. Oh, they love, they love really. Yeah, I mean they're from use by them now. Well, we'll see who as they get older really is attracted to the whole, the whole hobby if any of them who knows. Probably one of my daughters if you know, knowing you know how my life goes. I've just tried to show you some of the states, we took pictures of it. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. So it's week number nine that John Ramano has no Mr. Pots cookies. Uh-oh. And of any type variety or anything. You know what the problem is? I get them, but then they're eaten so quickly between the kids, a man, that myself, Tyler, digs into them. And so they're gone like in a week. So it doesn't matter how many of you send me. John, the TN brother once or way. Yeah. Well, so what I did was I made cookies over a week and I put it in the tin. So at least I have a week on. Can you guys hear us? Maybe we should have had a make of myself. You want to see him? Yeah, let me see him. Yes. Oh, we're going to be right. Let me see you talk. Hello. Hello. Can you see? You're there, Greg. We see you. You can hear me, right? Yeah, we hear you, we see you. We're talking about Mr. Jesus cookies. I think what we should do is, I think within the, I would do it for the whole public, but I don't trust anyone to send me stuff. But maybe between you, Greg, myself, John, Mr. G and Jenny, we should all have like a protein cookie bake off, like we should all make our own protein cookies recipe and then like, you know, cross, submit them to each other and then do like a taste test or something like that. Or wherever we're just sending it to me and all face them all. Tyler can taste them all. He's like, he's an objective third party, you know? I would do it. My face is so I had to put my own cookies. I said what you should do is we should do a bake off job. We should have all the whack packers do their own cookies. Yeah, until I get a refill, I'm gonna be doing it myself. Okay. So if anybody walks into my house, Mr. G, and they open the tin and they, oh, these fucking cookies are great. Where do I get them? Well, you gotta get them right here because Mr. G, you don't send me no cookies. So I gotta just, you know, I gotta make, I gotta make my own. It's basically what happened. Oh, those things sugar like high and sugar and everything already. Yeah, they're real cookies, man. Oh, okay. If we do a bake off, it's gotta be a cookie that has protein. You're gonna have to put some- Well, what I do is I mix in some protein powder with the flour. I'll say to some I slice protein, you can put in there and then, and we'll make it that way. Because this way they're all standard. And then you could add your own cookie recipe, too, whatever. Everyone else use the same protein, because otherwise if we don't use the same protein, then it doesn't, then it's cheating. So use the same protein, and then we gotta see what your cookie recipe is. Like Mr. G, we know uses omega-3 eggs and mac and amin' that oil. I don't know what kind of flour, you know, John uses or he might that, but the fucking good I gotta tell you. I'll tell you, Mr. G's peanut butter cookies were really good, and I like the mac and amin' a mac and amin' not white chocolate. Was it white chocolate and then too? Those were really good, too. Those are not white chocolate. I'm dying to try them. Yeah. Oh, good. I like them. I wonder where is Mr. G? I'm surprised he's not mine yet. He said he's bringing someone from down here in the corner, is he? When you roll it right. That day looks like he's, I can't tell what that. George, you hear? He's with the golf course. Hey Dave, what's going on with the gym again? He texted me and he said he was bringing an old rat-pack guy from Vegas on as a guest today. Turn your phone sideways, Mr. G. You know, him and Jimmy go in these golf courses with the phone, with no reception, and then they wonder why they came here us. We came here, then, and I got it. I got it. Exam out. Hey Dave, let me ask you a question. What's with all those guys that you post that are from my, they all fucking look alike? Like that guy you just put up, he's like really jacked to shit. They all look alike. They all look alike. They say all the Italians look alike, too. No, I don't mean look alike in a face. I meant all their builds. Like if you cut their heads off to tomato, all of this thing. The genetic, it's a genetic thing, you know, all middle Eastern guys have the really good abs. You have to notice they have the lined up abs like some ear head. That's because they fuck a group, not eating food. No, I'm not talking about the alineas. I'm talking about how their abs line up. They have that perfectly like that perfect six-packs. They have to do. Yeah, but you really believe that they don't like, they're, that's genetics. I mean, it's got to be. It's a great snake. If I have a snake that has a lot of red in it and I breed everyone and the same, I breed all the red ones together. You get red, you know. If the middle Eastern guys, you know, marry someone from America or someone from Australia, you're gonna see different genetics in there, but as long as they're, you know, they're breeding within, you know, they're country, you know, you're gonna keep a small man. Yeah, but, Paul, yeah. The way I disagree with that is because most guys, you go over in the middle Eastern, you see Middle Eastern men. And they're not naturally jacked. It's different if you see a black dude. You could go down in New York City and see some crack, crack head laying in the corner, fucking, you know. And you say holy shit, look at this guy. You think? Well, the middle Eastern guys are not actually ripped, but when they die it down, they have great physics under there. Nobody's seen that. Nobody's seen that. And American guys just have good genetics. They, they stay lean, you know. What I noticed is the certain nationalities that have different thickness to their skin. I find it Latin people, African Americans, they have very thick skin. You go to like the Dorian types, you know, the northern Europeans, you know, from England, Ireland, and Netherlands, those people, the genders, they're skin gets freaking thin as pain. I'm not even talking about that. I'm talking about their structures. I'm like, you see guys, like, you know, you could see a black dude or some Hispanics. They got no fuck, they could not touch a weight. And they look like they live weights. I had a guy walking my gym after training three months. He never touched a weight. Came into gym, worked out for three months, and won a natural show. Right. I want to go out when you go out to Brazil and you see these Brazilian women with these butts. Because that's not what they have the influence. They take butt in, you know. No, forget about the button. They have butts anyway. That's a genetic trait that's in Brazil, you know. But listen, I'm gonna try to start a fucking racing here. But that's because a lot of them have a little bit of black blood in them, black people have a butt, you know what I mean? Give a black. Black people don't have a butt like the Brazilians. It's part of that. No, that's not that. That gym pulls down its down there. But Brazilians got a Dutch, they got a somewhat... Which give me the master race stereotype or we need them when we need them. No, I'm not trying to race stereotype. No, we're talking truth fear. Right. We're talking legion people have great calves and no butts. That's a well known fact, right? That's sort of the mixture of the blood dough. You could see in Brazilians have a Spain, they have Dutch, they have an Asian and a lot of them. You know what I'm saying? So they've got a lot of little things going on. Right, but when you see an Asian person, Asian people have really good calves, usually and they have no, no glutes. They have very flat butts, right? Yep, warm in. Give it to me. But you're trying to black blood in there to get big calves and big butts now. I was... I was the chicks. I was walking down the street the other day and I'm about a block half a block away. I see a black kid sweeping the sidewalk, right? And I'm looking at this kid and like, Skate looks like he's just won the Mr. Universe. I mean, Mr. America. I mean, he's like tiny ways wide back shredded. His dad's roll out, his cap delts. I'm walking up to this kid. And I was like, get closer. You know, he's a piergy. He's very young. So I go, dude, where do you train? You know what? Because I got to the most hardcore gym in the area. I never seen him. I go, where do you train? Because what do you mean train? Where do you work out? He goes, I don't work out. And I, I could, this kid could have walked off the stage. I'm telling him, he was thin. I mean, it wasn't a big dude, but proportion, structure, condition, the guy looked at a competitor. John and... I was like that. John and the deathplate. I was like that as a kid. I still, my shoulders are still broad now. And I don't even fucking work out. And I haven't done an actual shoulder exercise 10, 2003. I'm just saying, D, I've, in the middle east, if they were so genetically elite, you would see even guys when they take off their shirts, they'd have musculature to them. And I don't believe that they do. I mean, you know, I'm just looking at him. But what's the level of... Kevin Lebroni. Kevin Lebroni was not a big guy before he started to do it. Wait, let me think. But he was a hyper responder. So when he started training, his body just exploded. I mean, Flex Wheeler wasn't a big guy. Look how skinny he was when he started. His body just responded. I'll go to that. But it was a little guy, Ashkenani, or whatever the fuck is named me. I heard that he was at one point when he came out and competed in the Olympic. He looked all super jacked and shit. But he was only training for like five years. Like five years ago, he was like, Randy wasn't training that long. You didn't know what he was doing. Yeah, Randy was like, fuck, three years? Yeah, yeah, what he did. He did a hyper responder. But it's got to be more than that. Because that's why every American guy goes to CoA puts on 20 pounds of fucking muscle. They don't all do that. It's some, there's nothing, there's no drugs coming to play, but it's not drugs. There's a genetic component to everything. I look, I did a concept when a guy last night. He's 82 years old. He started powerlet. He never lifted away. I went to high school in him. Yes, he smoked for 60 years. 60 years of pack a day. He drank alcohol almost every day. He played pool. He was like a guy. He didn't do anything athletically. The guy, when the doctor look at his extra area of his lungs, he said, I can't believe you don't have anything wrong, you'll once. His dad lived to 99 as mother lived to 96. He started powerlething at 77. He's got all these records that he said. The guy looks amazing. He never worked out his whole life. He didn't start to 77 years old. The guy will probably live to 120 because he's got genetics. Nothing but 60 years. He can't do anything. He knows that. He just had 60 years worth of freaking injuries chasing him right now. He's smoking Johnny. He has no damage to his lungs. How do you explain that? He's trying to do his butt. His muscles. I know people look. I have a friend of mine. His mother died a one cancer. She never smoked to cigarette the day in a life. And he's talking to his second. He's talking to his smoke. Andy Kaufman, same thing. And I'm not saying that. I think you're missing a point. I'm saying at least when you again here in New York, you could go down. You see in Times Square, you'll see, you know, homeless black men. And I have no shirts on. I'll be like, do this guy looks like a gazelle. His fucking tiny waist abs, pecs. Every little muscle on the back. You don't see that in the Middle East. I know people are going to say, if I don't do this. I don't know. How many times have you been to the Middle East? I was like, you said it for them. I'm saying. I mean, it's a legit question, Greg, because you're generalizing. I'm sure of your soil like these guys that build the pyramids. You know, when they were building the pyramids, I'm sure they were shredded to with no shirts. Oh, no, where? I bet you, I bet you if you went, I bet you if you went to Dubai and walked around on the beach or not, but you would see it at completely different places. I just don't see it. I see it, Defam. Just don't say, I'm saying to you, these guys are so fucking like the digger from zero to hundred and they either do a hyper respond or is true that they're doing something to quit because every fucking American bodybuilder wants to go. What? What? Look at horse racing. Why? Look at horse racing. Why are the thoroughbreds all the Arabian stallions? Why are they so, why they so much faster than all the other horses? Because the bread for that. Exactly. From 100 years ago, they did. Right, they're, right. I mean, but that's exactly what happened. When you're in a population where you have to, in order to survive, you have to have a certain, you can't have a, you have to be able to eat a little bit of food, but yet still stay lean and active and in a hot population. In Africa, people develop, you know, developed differently than in the Nordic parts of the world where people hold more body fat because body fat in the Nordic parts where it's cold is a survival advantage because otherwise you, if you have no body fat in Finland, you die, you know, back in the other thing. The other thing is that in that part of the world, the religion and the belief system is not very supportive of something like body building. No, what about the fasting, the fasting helps you to lose fat, maybe that's what it is. You know, but what I'm saying is you got, you're making a generalization, you know, I'm not, I'm asking you, is it, I'm not saying that people themselves have seen why is it that everybody goes to Kuwait? It's those guys. I think that's it. Yes, he drugs that, Jai Greg. Yeah, they got, they got a place where they can live, eat, leave your tummy. And that's all they got to look, the best athlete, the best body builder is the one that's going to be able to concentrate the hard. You're a move. If you're a move, that's why big Miami can't one and you structure his life is wake up, eat, train, sleep, wake up, eat, train, sleep. If that's all that you have, you removed everything else, and you got for drugs, everybody's paying your bills, you got you and eat all the, whatever you got, it's all taken here. A lot of American body builders got that here. Oh, Christ. There's a lot of, there's got a lot of, there's got a lot of guys don't work, they don't work here. You know, I mean, a lot of guys don't work, but nothing's provided for them. I'm not studying in Korea, but I'm saying, they're actually, they're like, I think you better. So, he's just going there and subscribe to the, how could you not gain 20 pounds of those? Okay, so you're agreeing with what I'm saying, that's what I'm saying. I'm saying, don't give me that shit that they were born like that. It's, if, how come, if you took big Grammy and you, you started out by saying, why did these guys so wrapped in lean by nature, certain people? You're chasing, you're changing a tune. No, you shouldn't have done that. So when you turn off, they're not. You say, why are they all look the same? They all, everyone and those guys are super jacked. My followers, viewers look the same. I guess, I bet you, people would have said, why the old guys in gold gym, Venice back in the 90s and 80s look the same, right? Come on. Listen, I'm saying, I'm gonna, I'm gonna mafia gangsters look like Christ, listen, you I'm missing one of trying to say, I'm saying you I know why I feel I think it's the fucking gym out there with the drugs and all that shit because if you brought big Rami here and he wasn't able to fucking I'm talking about what is it called tiny ramping yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah if you imagine if you had a run the hustle here do you know if I'm gonna ask him to say Diego from Egypt he didn't get losing his eyes because he was a it was a big fuck but NASA was a big new I believe that NASA was genetically elite I don't think some of these guys are genetically I think the old drugs you know what's wrong on an island and it'll be fucking p.m.e. Herman you're in me look at me I fucking fucking wait I haven't done shit I fucking throw kids off or should go and a doctor an hour after with dumb at the show what I'm saying it to you is that if you have a natural bill I get it you know what I mean but I'm saying I don't think these guys I think I just think the world drugs I don't know you know you see how these guys when they come off look at my staff a moment come off you would never even know if you saw I'm walking in the street you would never know he was even a bodybuilder you know what I mean but yeah but great everyone's using the same drugs though you know that yeah but we don't I don't know about over there you can get of what I hear everything is fucking you know well the difference is Greg it's not illegal there if it's not illegal you can buy it and you don't have to worry about the ramifications of it and there's not going to be a little bit of you know we're not only that but you're getting legit shit that's right over here you're getting a shit to some guy trying that shit's made that's not made no fucking you provide it when you provided your services back in the day I mean you were providing you probably 99% real stuff and that's why guys grew from it right well I got stirriest shit was just a real day yeah I say you guys had the American stuff it was the best stuff I had that stuff too that's why us 90 bodybuilders were jack baby drugs were better that's what we were jacked we were on a big rammy diet yeah you know I mean you know what I had I had guys in Mexico that I had you know put under a similar you know set of circumstances they had very little to do they just had a really trained and eat and dedicate you know it makes a tremendous difference when you remove a lot of those stresses from from an athlete so I don't know you can say necessarily that they all look the same I think that if you put anybody in that situation they would look the same because that's when you just said the same thing when I'm trying to say is it cause they're genetically elite or is it because they're in a fucking gym that's like shoveling fucking juice down the throat in a food bag it's both we listen what you guys got to understand you guys watching this you you you watchers you supporters you fans you know what I'm talking about bro come on you guys got to go to work you got to bust your nut you know Jay Coliver with train taking nap at home make sure his food was done somebody be cook good his food's girl with shave his back his ass you go back to the gym get a second workout in go back home taking nap you know what I mean eat some more food these guys over here they're not fucking it's not like our shit fuck man I got to be back to work they don't work they're idea work it is personal training which really is fucking you selling juice a little bit on the side you know there's not a pro bodybuilder who hasn't made a little babanya you know I just had to make a little babanya had to make a little uh schedule by selling some babanya that's telling you it's a nobody it's just that's the way it works it's a water land these guys ain't they're not fucking bust in their hold you know working jobs and shit like you're Dave it Dave if you had to go back to being a Dave plumber you were in the 90s when you when I knew you had fucking massive you wouldn't you wouldn't you certainly wouldn't fucking you know you wouldn't be able to do hefty shows am I right or wrong I'm feeling very dirty from this conversation I had to put my ass down I just want to say I want to add this one thing it's both it's both you don't take somebody without the good genetics and we know that who do you on okay so I know they're only getting and that is in oxygen gym and quit you're only getting the best that's why they're there I know the Schmodre gym rattle another chance in hell because he's got no calves or nobody for arms or no back or whatever he ain't gonna go to it's not going to quit they're not gonna take them I understand you have to genetics we all know that you know what I'm saying but I'm gonna go Dave if you right now had to get humongous again right let's say God said listen save your kids or your family you have to get humongous again and you know that you could do this Dave I know you don't want to do that to your body and it's just your organs and I'm opening up carbon dioxide gym I'm in high toxic training we do there and it's gonna be a brand new franchise here in the US I'm gonna have all the big ram you will come stay I got the idea from Johnny say I have all this money I'm gonna spend it I'm not going to I'm not giving it to to the kids I'm spending carbon dioxide gym coming into 2021 all right if you had if you had to be humongous again you wouldn't have time to be doing all these shows you have to do it and when I said Jay Kohler used in this example I like Jay it's all the body voters are like that I would not I would not be able to do what I did back in the 90s and early 2000s if I had a family with three kids no no no let's I'm saying if God came down and put a gun you had said listen to say the families life I want you to get you out again if you had to do it you wouldn't be able to do all these shows and do all the trainings you're doing all that stuff because you'd have to do a lot more focus absolutely sure right am I right wrong yeah absolutely I wouldn't want to do it it would be distracting to me right well you wouldn't be able you know you wouldn't have time because you got to go to the gym in the morning right didn't you got to get your food you got to take a nap you got to come back what I would do is if it was if this if it was this we create this little fantasy scenario I would stop doing as many shows I would do one rant a day I would do one thing a day on a video camera I'd upload to YouTube and that would be it I couldn't I wouldn't want to focus on anything else but that but you also wouldn't be able to put the time in you have to do one or the other you wouldn't be able to do to you'd be sitting here going off fuck I got to you to meal you'd be in the mail where you're talking yeah being a gym fucking I feel like I just need you know as he's on the Instagram eating his food yeah I think there's I think there's an element of time gone by you know life is a lot more complicated now than it was 30 years ago you're right you know I mean 30 years ago in Venice you could get an apartment for you in a place to live for 200 bucks a month and you spend another 200 bucks a month on food and you could make your whole nut work at a door somewhere so you know it's not like that today that's another that that and back then I mean what guys were training you know six hours a day Greg you know I was one of them but the thing is those guys back then there were doing a lot of the game for me get some guy with a lot of scuttle right and you don't give a shit here make sure you go to the gym today right 30 minutes opposing to them you know probably naked in these guys we're you know get a nice little paycheck there right when people listen I don't mean I don't mean it this your god or anything but Arnold Schwarzenegger always talks about how he laid breczen he did one job one you know what I'm saying you'd be that dude Arnold Schwarzenegger you really believed that he him and fucking Franco went around building houses no that's new old you know chimney in a wall I think that's all it that's all he ever built and I didn't tell you something that fucking guy okay I won $1,000 for the Mr Olympian so how did he survive he told me what he said they used to go to with these pool parties if these rich guys houses up in the middle of that shit and he said you know Arnold would disappear into the house with the guy you know a half hour later he'd come out with you know 500 bucks you know I know some I know some of the guys that used to fucking give him the money they're dead now but I'm just a gold man back there you remember this guy named Gabe no a grace shit he was a he was the sea is the sin he used to facts people pictures of Arnold Lacy rich Lacy rich I know the name I think he's the facts pictures are Arnold to everybody you know like like out of pool make it or yeah I've seen I've seen the one pitch we've I think we all seen that one pitcher and he ended up getting remembered he was they found them dead of an insulin over those oh yeah it's just like the fucking when he ran for a governor and shit they were fucking people were like kind of getting you know because there's a lot of people his pictures were circular I know a guy was out there with wage Bennett and he said he was going oh I don't want to say his name on the side I know Dave you're friends with him and he's saying how we opened up a draw at the guys house over there in England and it would pitch his a Tom Platts and chaps you know what I mean and they're hanging out and all this stuff and it wasn't these guys we don't know this is for sure this is Greg's opinion I don't know what he and this is true I'm thoroughly Greg's opinion you're not from you it I did it once I did it once I didn't get naked but what I did was I blew thoughts in this guy's ass I did this show what did you do what did you do this this guy I don't another body brother who I'm really close with okay he was my buddy he called me said you want to make some money and he had this rich guy okay and it was it was Andrew Chrisbow who was a famous art dealer and he was in prison once for murder and the guy paid me with a check tool which is really crazy yeah this master and I did this I did this show for generation and we went into this room right I get over there in the master and it's a great deal with the police had on his fucking clock hanging out and shit and we go on I go in a room and my friend is in there and my friend is doing all this fucked up shit he's hitting him with a fucking paddle and all this right the guy's naked on an ex like this this and his ass is facing us so when I had to do right was the master tells me okay he goes you got a fucking I'm gonna give it his darker it's a darker and he looks syringes they're long dark like this and he would put a lighter to it like this make it cherry red and I would blow it this it would it would write into the guys ass and the guy would scream it was crazy and then he'd go you got to do it yet and I would do another and I was starting to sweat you know I mean I was like getting nervous because but you could actually smell the stuff like there was like burnt you could smell this skin was burning and shit it was the most fucked up thing but he loved it the guy was getting on on the master with him now what hello with the mystery question what what did they do you there for to do that it doesn't seem like it was like I said they had a bodybuilding they were because we were even a master was flowing me a master you know they were they had a fetish for big mosquitos when you know I'm giving you the fucking name of the guys they was Andrew Chris Boll. And how much did you make for that from throwing blow and darts up his ass? Three 300 bucks not a lot. Well you know they were hot darts you know maybe if they were cold darts you would have been 500. This was back in like 1990 my just had a kid you know I mean I was moving to gym I was kind of needed some skyddle and my I close friend I'll tell you to his office sit to be broke you want to make a couple bucks come with me you know what I mean and that's how they have what what's that yeah it was in the ass of him but I got an article on him right here Chris Bob. Are you f***ing he went to prison looking to kill the guy during that SNM a guy named Wayne LaGaro she killed them and he went to prison for it. Andrew Chris Bob. Yeah Andrew Chris Bob. Yeah. He's got to be like fucking 80 now who's old when I did it and he had a master to master like something you see right now I'm a fucking movie he had chap saw this fucking cock was hanging down just trapped across here a baseball like a like a leather fucking pre-spaceball type at Studge and it should look just a big handlebar must have he's only one time murder suspect that's it he looked like Freddie Mercury. Studge is going to make sure this guy has been in killer awaits parole ruling after fire to kill murder. Yeah and he was prolly he this is after I met him after. A various you see the story after after that murder he was because he became he used to be like a supposedly a dom now he's in submissive dude he was fucking they were calling me master J. O'Connor shit I don't want to take anything away from Mr. Did you see these things Greg and we're pointing up oh you can't I'm okay. No I can't see him. I think that's him that's an entry Chris Bob. It is an art dealer I will think is fucking he he it was on the corner of 14 street and 11 to have and you he had a bed like art gallery and you walk in there it is like I'm probably I should have fucking house the painting because there was like fucking means of paintings all in like boxes probably worth a fortune. Oh dude he's he's like a fucking billionaire and it like I was 300 fucking dollars. You should have gotten on his payroll you should have been working. You haven't didn't matter dude I I gave them other fucking scars I was hitting them with I shot you can do that all day long man Greg. If you if you didn't use the blog on you'd probably get more money. But the master was making the fucking thing cherry right so not only when the dart it was like a syringe. Did you ever see a guy that looked remotely like Steve Blackburn dressed up as a woman over there? No then I don't like that he can you remember Mr. G and Bob and Spals insisted that they saw a black went outside of studio 54 in the dress when he still had the mustache. Yeah. No I don't believe me. Hey dude I believe. I don't know. I don't know. Yeah. We got a verify a lot of story tell us too so I don't know if I believe anything. Why is it Mr. G talking what the hell are you that George? He's in the corner he's been in the corner all day. I always in Vizwa I don't see him. It just says something. This is Mr. G. This is Mr. G. Yeah I was master G. He was master G. Yeah. Yeah. That was the sickest thing though if you saw that shit the guy had a fucking he was on that. Sure Mr. G is Mr. G. He's Greg so maybe we call you master G from that one. And I shouldn't have said anything. I don't know the president. Oh, so I might have a dip but my partner is just saying his name. F fucking my partner Paul was the guy. And we always talk Paul does everything. What do we know? What are you talking about? Yeah we used to do it. He was the crazy motherfucker. He would do all that shit. I know guys that would do that. You know what dudes are in the same thing. They guys were a level of girls. They're like feats of strength. Right. You know that. But you know what I'm talking about Dave. What if the female body bones going there they lift up. They're lifting parry. Yeah. They're fates. Right? Well the hand it's called the handroomers. They know they do the fucking they're into feats of strength. You know. Put me in a headlock. Make me faint. And it's just the boy there should put it on bar on him. And it got on my face. And it'll wake up. Here's fucking his and not 100 dollars. Do it again. Oh my god. I've been being killed the guy. I actually. Greg is that part we shouldn't do it on the dinner. Living real floor. I'm going to do shins of horror. The wrestling mat. They should put the furniture against the wall and roll out the wrestling mat. Yeah. And then he's guys would come in and you know wrestling. He would like some legs, scissors, a room, you know, and the neck and they pass and they stop it on the. He, he made tell him. We're going to be banging on the bit. But don't let go. That's and they make a safe for it. He's not like banging on the back. Stop it. She won't stop. And he. And you hear this shit, you know, through the wall. He bang smashed the goggles in the floor and then bang it. You know, and he's screaming and shit. And then she's like, you know, she's got a wigs drying up out of the pack patio with the romantic heads and these guys are coming and going. And she's lifting them up throwing them around smashing them legs, scissors, and them in the head all for fun. We knew this one. She was she used to do what she was the lifting carry like Queen. She would have she could lift anyone up. I know a million of those girls probably my friend is the day. T a fannington. She was like six one six two. Did you remember her? Yeah. You remember Chris Luthke? I'm sure Nicole Bass probably did something that too. Cause she was very strong. She did it to me. What time to call Bass? Knuck up from behind me and put me in a headlock and lifted me off the ground. And then threw me on her shoulder. Yeah, I started doing that to Troy more once too. I was like he was like a like a like a dwarf like she threw him up in the air. He threw me. She threw she put me in a fucking headlock. Knuck all bass from behind. I didn't know she was there. And she was fucking around. It'll play around. And did you get excited? And it, no, not at all. I'm not into that shit. But I could give you stories. You know the story. So who is the best lifting carry queen of all time? You know, think the most popular. You know what? Anybody who competed in a woman's extravaganza? All those fucking girls. Yeah, they were all that. Even Tazzy, all the neighborhood fucking. People in the street will be able to give us quite the one that I know. I know, dude, I know stories with chicks with fucking knocking a guy's door to guy with open a door. She fucking crack him in the jaw. And he think his money. He got, she took $1,200 from this guy. And she, he opened up the door. She fucking hit him with a right. She dropped them. You know, he gave it to eat, gave it to $1,200. And she, she leaves. But a time, she told me by the time I made it out to the fucking street to where the car was, he called me back to that was on unbelievable. Come do it again. I'll give you more money. You, you guys know how those schmows are. They're fucking nuts like that. They're crazy. They're obsessed. I'd love to tone names my God in heaven. I used to get a show. When I was with Shelley Beaty, she used to get mail from these guys. His handwritten letters. They were the most pathetic things you have ever read in your entire life. It was a great call. It could have waited for her to go to the freaking mail button, her mailbox and get the mail. They would be money in it. This one guy, this one kid would send cash. You know what he was talking about? He would go on these long rants about cigarettes and alcohol and pornography, you know, and then put in $100, $50. And then it's another guy with a bag and a cellar on the way. I got $1,000. He went up to like $1,500 for a fucking pair of all. Yeah. Fucking son. Oh yeah, John, you could go get a pair under where white dress would it pay off panties and send it in a box and some guy will spit it in your closet. I'm just gonna put it in a day and then I send it. Oh, you got another one I'll pay for it. No, but listen, dude, I got the sickest fucking mail. Dave, I got a show you this. I still got it. Some fucking fan from the Philippines who was a bodybuilder sent me pictures of him with guns and then his girlfriend naked with guns, right? Right. And it did pictures ever of Filipino shoot herself with like heroin and she's off. Dude, I got it. I'll show it to you. Yeah. I still haven't. They said to me like fucking, don't you see how long ago was that? Like fucking 15, 20 years ago, I got that fucking thing. Wow. It's this joke broke. It's sick. There's a lot of sick shit. He sent me a lot of pictures with a lot of crazy shit and with a lot of. Really? But it. And you saved it, too. I saved it because I couldn't believe I fucked up. When I did the movie with Chris Bell, bigger stronger faster, I had a garbage bag full of fucking, now kind of mail. Oh, real? Big black garbage bag and he, they filmed it and he was, he filmed all segmented. I think he put a little piece of it in where they show him reading something about the mail. I'll tell you, I have more than a garbage bag. I had two garbage bags. It was the sickest shit these people. Somebody's dude, I had one more thing. Why would they send it to you? Because they, you know, the ram of freak and I give crazy stores that they think, yo, I got one for you. I got a thing for you. Oh, I said listen to me. I think it for the mags. There's a lot of jail. This one guy said to me a jail. He's freaking out because he's got to stop himself from killing people because this is in jail because they just brought some kid into jail. The kid was like 110 pounds. He was a little twink and he said, he had a shootout with the cops, a cop shot him. And now he has a colostomy bag. And the fucking, and he said, the other inmates were rape and I'm in fucking him in the holes. Oh, I still, hey, you think of fucking Kenya. Chris Bell read that and he goes to me, I can't put this in a movie, but this is the sickest fucking shit I've ever had. They were rape in the sky in the hole with a colostomy bag. Somebody to misty tell you. And it's this kid and yet a cell wants that a kill a kill. I'm going to kill all those rapists for doing it. The context would, would stand somebody and then they fucked the, the stab wound. Really crazy crazy crazy people. Well, I can not sick of that guy there is hell except now they're like, you're running out. It's standing in the wall. It's not something they get a hard on. It's stabbing the guy because for me adrenaline. Yeah, well, it's the dominance. It's the power. But let me tell you something. You live in New York, well, then on a gel number whatever. I just said they let people out. You need to get real people. People are leaving New York by the truckload. But you didn't even get bail here unless you sell steroids. Then you go to the toilet. You're right. You're right. I talked to Rick Collins and he says, there is he goes, they get it. And they go right back out. He goes, it's the biggest problem. The cops are having his dead. So whatever they're doing, they'll be back in 30 minutes. Yeah, but you do this a guy here. Just a fucking guy in New York. They arrested over 100 times for bank robbery. 100 times they let him out. And the same day he'll rob a bank that he got arrested. And they get him again. He's not very good at it if he's getting caught. But no, it's the blusher. It's the blusher in Cuomo. Do Democratic fucking bullshit. All right, no politics. All right, I want to end the show. I want to end the show with, I want to just do a little remembrance. Because Mercury Morris Clareborn, who was, I believe, second place at the 1999 PC Nationals in the Bannerway class, he looked at a little mini flex wheeler. He passed this past week. Maybe you can probably put a picture up from my Instagram. I'm posted one. What he died of, Dave's. You know, he had a stroke 10 years ago evidently. And he was in a wheel chair as a quadriplegic fatteneers from what I from his family wrote on the show. No, you guys do him, right? I know a Charles Clareborn. No, not Charles Claremon. This is Mercury. No, Mercury. No, Mercury. A little guy. Yeah, very, very, very. Right, Dave. He had like a mullet. Yeah, jury throws. What, what do you guys know about him? Can you talk about him? So we could kind of honor him a little bit. He was an off. He was a light boy. He was like a writer. He was legendary in the Cangins in LA. Now, what did he do? Was he like, did he ride fast? I mean, what was he? He was a really smart bike fast in the Cangins, like a GP racer. He was really good. It says, it's a Zuki Honda's to Cadi's. That's what I said. Everything but a Harley. Yeah. Crazy. I wonder why you never competed. He stopped competing. Do you know why John? I don't know. I mean, because he was like a lightweight and stuff. I don't really smell. He was a little bit. He had to, I don't think he had. I think he knew that he'd have to like take a lot more shit. He knew a lot of people were going to do that. He would have been a good class and bodybuilder. Class of the Zuki. Well, look at texture, Jackson. Dexter Jackson started out. He was a lightweight bodybuilder. Banner was Bentley. Banner was. Was he Banner was he actually that low? Uh-huh. 130 or 135 pounds. What he wouldn't, he won the nationals. I thought it was a lightweight. Right? He won the North Americans as a lightweight, but he was, and remember, light heavy weights up to 198 pounds. He was about 184 for that show. That's how good he was. Yeah, but he was worth it. When it before that, when he was quality, when his first contest, he won, it was a Banner. He was Bannerweight. They didn't want to Southern states overall as a middleweight. Right. So, that's the one I think I remember. The Southern states as a middleweight. I know that he was really small, like light. And then look, he had free key genetics. He always had crazy muscle separation and just like, like, he was a fun boy. I remember the way, but I thought it was going to be a lean. Yeah. I remember being like that little Jerry Crowley had to fucking mull it. Like Jerry Crowley. That was Mercury Clairborn. Yeah. Right. And he had to light eyes. But his name was Mercury. That was his nickname. Morris. Morris Clairborn. More okay. Yeah. He was a nice guy. Yeah. Trash tennis. Gold? Yeah. I met him backstage at one of the fuckers shows. Oh. I don't know where he trained. And that I couldn't tell you. But I remember him. He was small. Yeah. A lot of guys, you know, he was 60 years old, you know. So he's probably the same age as you guys. He must have been, you know, contemporaries with you. Oh, how dare you. He was. Well, you know what I mean? We're getting to an age now, guys, where it's not just bodybuilding related deaths anymore. It's actually people die of old age, you know, at 60 years old. Hey. I'm 60. No, I know. But I'm saying we're in good health, luckily. Oh, I know. But they're not. I'm not going to die of that. People have died at 60 years old. I mean, that's that's that's the side. I mean, people get diseases. They have drugs, heart attacks, cancer. Hopefully, our lifestyle now is a healthy lifestyle. It'll prevent us from having to succumb to some of these, you know, chronic the buildative diseases like, you know, the heart disease and stuff like that. But there are normal people that kind of went back to just living normal lives that, you know, we're eating right, we're taking care of themselves. Maybe in the, they succumb to you. That's the genetics. It's genetics. Because you, you know, you could eat shit and live to be a fucking hundred years. Yeah, but I think if you eat right, you train, you exercise, just keep, you know, you take care of yourself. You have a much better chance of living longer without disease. That's the case. My mother ate organ meats in all that shit. She died of pancreas cancer in her six. Wow. Wow. And we don't know if that's what caused it. She might have had a bad G too, that just kind of kicked off. And my mother died of caveat cancer 42. I don't know if you're a mother. Yeah, 42 years old. No way. What? No way. I didn't know your mother. Yeah. Yeah. Same thing with my mother, pancreas cancer. That's crazy when you outlive when your parents, like if your mother came alive today, it'd be older than her. Yeah, old and her. Isn't that crazy? Yeah. It's, I mean, I'm glad I made it. It was a little nerve-wracking. Even my sister, I'm sure, probably up until that age. We were all like, oh, you know, we're going to be, you know, have the same fate. But the truth is that, you know, I live a completely different lifestyle the way I take care of myself and, you know, the supplements. They didn't know anything about nutrition, about eating back then, you know? Right. No, what you mean, a little calling me. All right. Well, let's wrap this thing up. I'm sorry, Mr. G. didn't couldn't join us. And then Jimmy, the bowl may be next week though. They'll kick in. But I, this was a good show. I feel like it was therapy for me because I was like stress-statt. It was too much crazy stuff going on. I went through all my, oh, my aggravation. That's because of my fucking story that blown darts and that's right. That's right. That really did lie. That gave me a smile for the rest of the day. I'll think that, no one can complain about their life. They've got to up the bubble way better than the, uh, Colossity backstory. I'll play that much. So I'll try to envision the darts instead, you know, for the rest of the day. Thanks, guys. I love you guys. I'm Dave Palermo. Here with John Romano. Great Valentino. And of course, Tyler Shore. We'll see you next week. I love you, guys. Love you, guys.