Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X-Motor 30 year in a row and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry with a low-car cocktail. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. On day polumbo and today is Thursday July 6th, 2020 and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. If you follow the financial news, you're here for pastors talking about our current economic situation as being in a bubble that could be on the verge of deflating at any moment. And that's why the savvy investor tries to position themselves to be bubble proof. Almost like what Chonsey Wilson is doing with his Chicago pro-prep. A little birdie told me that last year's junior national champ is planning to make his pro-day viewing classic physique in Chicago a few weeks from now. We're hoping to do his own version of bubble bursting for everyone else in the lineup. Late we've seen a lot of rookies come in and have success from day one in classic. So if Chonsey is one of the next in line, this could be the perfect opportunity to get himself on the map. Right now, there are a lot of fans and athletes who really looking forward to this year's New York pro for a lot of reasons, especially with this year's contest being so important in terms of qualifying for the Olympia. And from what I understand, Milan shot, I guess hoping this year's contest will be one to help them punch his ticket through the big show. A lot was another one of the international athletes who was supposed to compete in Tampa, but couldn't because of travel restrictions. But a few days ago, Milan announced on his social media that he was aiming to compete at the New York pro a few weeks from now if he can manage to get everything in order. But that feels like a big if right now. There are so many variables to account for that's almost impossible to know how these things might look in a few weeks. But if everything does end up falling into place, Milan's someone who could be a dark horse top for contender. Certain professional sports are star-driven leagues. Basketball and football definitely top that list here in America. Even though bodybuilding is in a team sport like they are here, I'd say that it's definitely driven more by individual stars like Hotting Schopen more than either one of those two I just mentioned. But here's the thing about star-driven leagues. Fans actually want to see the stars compete. And that's what drives the economic engine of these things. Even if you're a die-hard fan of your sport, you're still not tuning in to watch the role players. The same way you are if you knew that they were all stars in the lineup. That's why we need guys like Hotting on stage this year. He's a star and that means he's a draw. Someone needs to figure out something here because you can't have a star-driven league without its stars. It just doesn't work that way. And finally, we're ending today's show with some important news about the late Luke Sand though. As some of you may already know, Monday would have been Luke's 30-second birthday. And we reminded of that by the hundreds of posts and messages from Luke's friends and fans all of social media. But for me, and a lot of other people I know, the most impactful words came from a post-made on Luke's Instagram account by his family. In the message Luke's family ended the speculation about his cause of death. It's been swirling around for the last few months by saying Luke ultimately passed away from a heart attack. Even now, sensitive to this subject is, I don't think this is the time or the place to offer up any commentary on this. But I think the best thing we can all say is happy, belated birthday to Luke, who's a great man, a great friend, and a great father. You're truly missed by friend. And that does it. The other edition of Muscle in the Morning on Daypal Lumbo reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.