10th and 9th You're my and I'm a group There ready for two guys who can't handle the truth The truth you can't handle the true word we can't be Lomble Chris Asito Orangemuscle.com presents every muscle What a deal What jazzy Welcome to another episode of heavy muscle Radio on Dave Palombo and I'm joined as always by the technician Chris Asito on this July 16th 2018 evening and Chris This is a late one for us we're recording very late but better late than never We have to wait till everyone goes to sleep and disappears from our house Thanks It's like we've broadcasted from out of space It's something it's so late It's like mission impossible Bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb Kids are gone to bed We're gonna do it We're gonna do it We're gonna do it You're kidding That's kind of like I got like a high tension wire and it sounds room It's a dip toe I don't like the worst Leaving the room quietly I make a lot of noise I bang into things But if you If you make like I'm I creek in the floor board See wake up Is that you? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You try not to move, right? You try not to move a breathe, don't breathe. What you breath, what you breath deep. Say, how do you guys become, how do you all<|tr|> become bank robbers? It's incredible. What was the skill sneaking out of babies' room? Yes, when they're, you know, you try not to wake them up. Right? Right? You don't even move, and you'll stay in a frozen spot for like six minutes, right? Oh, just did not have to go lay back down and wait for a sleep again. Absolutely. Yep. Yeah. Unbelievable. So, yeah, we had a, it was pretty fair. I wouldn't say a super quiet weekend in the pro bodybuilding world, but we had a quiet weekend. We had that one show in Portugal. I didn't even know the show was taking place. The Portugal Pro. Yep. And, uh, how do you shoot? And, came out of nowhere. You know, he's, he's, he's, he's the guy like we don't know where he's going to compete next because he's, he's got to get a visa to go compete in different places and it's very hard for Iranians to go anywhere. I mean, I think I thought Canada was easy, but evidently from what I understand, it's not easy to go to Canada for more people telling me it's just as hard as the United States. So, hiding went to a Portugal and he cleaned up there one straight first, being a very good, Nick was volia. I don't know if you, uh, they both look good, but Nick was, issue is the structure, right? He's, he's, he's, looks like somebody hit him on the head a little bit with a hammer. So it like, I don't know, something's off. There's nothing really off with the structure, um, but he doesn't have tremendous flow. He's a little like heavy and ass heavy. Uh, take it the funny, um, what does he do? What does he do? Yeah, he's got freaky muscle, which people are going to love. Um, but he got, you know, he's, he's, he's, put it this way. He was freaky last year, not as freaky as this year. And I said, someone sent me a picture and they said, have you ever seen so much muscle on a little short guy and I said, well, it's not that impressive and they like, oh, you're such an idiot, nice to walk listen. He's going to be competing in North Carolina. He's either going to win it and go straight into the Olympian B top three. This is a prediction date. How close is this? Or he's going to North Carolina against, uh, Craig Richardson and who's the other guy of two, 12. He's now open guy. He's really killer for the Z from Slovenia. So, you know, when you went up against the, I know he's talking about. So I said, he's either going to get first this weekend in North, uh, North Carolina. And he's going to write his hype train into the top three. You'll be this year. This was last year. Or more than likely, he's going to run up against like a Craig Richardson and then the sky will be Craig. Craig was second the sky was for us. I forget his name. Come on. He loved him. Dave the size was he where we stuck in the jumbo at the North Carolina, to 12 last year. Oh, you know, you know, I know you talked about Nicholas Nick Vail over the guy's name was third. I said, or he's going to end up third place because he's going to go up against people with a lot better flow, a lot better structure and surprisingly, when they say next to him, they're going to look like they have as much muscleism. And that's exactly the way it went down. He got very Craig at second and deservingly the guy who won the New York pro last year. Oh, no, no, no. He got seconded to New York for after that. The guy won the North Carolina, the North Carolina. I can't believe you can't remember. Yeah, I moved up to the open. I know what his name is. I, I don't have it like a like a mental moment right now. Google it somewhere. You're supposed to come up with these on me. Come on. The listeners want to know who was the guy besides Craig Richardson, who beat him last year. It was perfect because the kid had the super X frame, the white guy from Slovenia. And, and, you know, he went up against Craig's crazy frame when Craig's in shape and Craig was in tremendous conditions. He went to the show. Yeah, we went shot at him. So it was me lawn, then Craig and then Nicholas. So the knock, the only knock on neck is not the muscle, not the density, not the hardness. It's a way it all flows together with the backs of little shallow for the legs and the legs, something's a little short. I think he arms maybe. Right, but you remember he had like he had some Jimmy that muscle groups there. Yeah, the skateboard showed the last year. Right, right. Yeah, that's the skateboard. It was a skateboard. And he got the skim off and the shoulders. The skateboard. That's right. That was the excuse, right? They said, you and you fell off the skateboard. But a choppy, just ate him. I mean, choppy looked phenomenal. He's really, it's a shame this guy can't go to the Olympia because there's these issues. I'm really kind of pissed off about it actually. I mean, this was just 1,000 percent all-time best. He's a freak. His waist is a little thick, but he's so big. It doesn't even matter really. Yeah, no, he was more conditioned here. He was just Denny's been and he just, I think, you know, it's always who he's been next, or two, but I think he was just better than he's been here. He's also a professional. I don't even know, this sounds like, you know, like a story you listen to, like, in 1960s, like the guy, you know, can't get to the United States for whatever reason, because this is some cognizant nation. And you know, and you look back 20 years later and you're like, why didn't they let this guy come to the US to compete? He was the top level athlete in the world. Well, the present had an issue with Obama who signed up. You know, some people were there. Trump Trump. Yeah, well, one of the world met a man. I know, but, you know, is that the reason? Isn't Trump preventing, like, somebody's trying to force? Right. There should be a way to, like, you know, appeal this thing, you know, just doesn't make sense to me. You know, they shouldn't let it talk to your athletes in this country. At least let him in. You don't have to let his family in if you don't want to, but let the guy can come compete, you know, what the hell I mean, I can't even believe it. It's ridiculous. It should be a way to, like, you know, have, like, some kind of a professional athlete's option. Well, it should be like, you're a big attorney. You know, how like, they have, they have the United Nations ambassadors who come here. It should be the same thing. They should have, like, some kind of, like, a special, you know, exception. I am, look, I don't want any terrorists in the country. And I understand what Trump's trying to do. I don't necessarily agree with the way he's going about it, but I understand. So I support that because I don't want terrorists in the country. But you can't just, you gotta have exceptions to the rule, because there are certain people that are in a different class. They're not in the political arena. They're in the athletic arena. Well, the whole thing is, uh, political. I wonder if there was, like, a guy who was, like, a real, like, top-notch, like, music. You can, you can, you can, you can, you can, you can, you can come from Saudi to to to the US. Right. All the hijackers in 2001 were from Saudi. It's okay, it's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. But how do you chop me and, you know, can't come and, you know, I help two, 12 guys and, you know what, I'm so terrible. Good. Stay there. Better for me. Right. In other words, let them come to God's sake. It's, it's ludicrous, really. Why can't he come to compete? You would think to the Olympic if he, maybe, like, you think on Ronald's would get involved, at least, too. You know, you, you just, you know what, you would think someone. You think of Ronald making a, made a call to Trump that he couldn't make up. No, because they hate each other for God's sake. Oh, that's right. They do it for guys. I got that idea. That's probably it. The Bible doll. Then you just see Trump recently live at the Bible, though. Well, you know, the, the, the, am I on, so you're like, I'm sure they like, I'm sure Trump has some kind of relationship with him, right? Well, he's, the Trump was telling, am I. Did you see that? Trump was telling, am I what headlines to write against Hillary's help when running into the election? All right, so they have a relationship. They have a relationship. Like, yes, so it, it's a relationship. I mean, you can't write this stuff. Yeah. So crazy. No, they have a good relationship. So, they, they get a Chris. And then they would do, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, And, A. M. I would do the catch and kill stories on Trump's, like, hook or girlfriend. You know, they would pay, the, they, they, they, they pay the playboy girl to be a consultant for the magazine, And they, they, she told her like, in exchange for never writing the story that she had never been with them for her. And that's not even stormy Daniels. That's the other girl. Is that, is that they got by the whole film? The playboy boy, but, but, yeah. Yeah. The playboy boy, but, he goes, you know? And the, well, you're, never, never dull, Never at all moments. It was a side we get talking about that we get more. It's a side we get a little bit. It's a very good. He looked very good and he's not going to be in the Olympia because all the hijackers were from Iran. I mean, oops Saudi Arabia. Yeah, he has a good one for you. I mean, what a good one. Who wins on the Olympia stage? How do you shoot in a flex Lewis? I'll say how do you just to be totally controversial with this off flex Lewis. Do you believe that he could challenge him? I mean, does he question? Well, did he challenge him in Korea? Some people would say he beat him, yeah. Okay, is he improved here than in Korea? Yeah, I have to say yes. Yeah, this is, yeah. I mean, my point being is this. He is beyond, beyond, worthy to be at on stage. Let me say this. Let me ask you this, Dave. Who's better? Him or Oscar Nani? Oh, he destroys Oscar Nani. And destroy him. Yeah. End of story. Oh, I don't think Oscar Nani ever challenged flex Lewis though. So I don't, that's not necessarily a good analogy. I mean, we did Oscar Nani beat the Jose Raymond for that point last year or the April March. It's got no legs. No. He's got, you know, muffin duck arms and delts. I'll tell you what, I'm looking at some of the video of Voliad, you know, posing against. He's phenomenal too. He's really good. Yeah, I got this. Very perfect. This might have been better than two to wilds. We had all year. Right. Mendus, but I mean, not to a tremendous. I'm going to do way. Voliad. He has like a B version of, he's like that. He's like the, not the B, but not the A version of like a, he's like a leap priest type. Yeah, I see it. I see it. Big legs, big arms, torso is a little long. Asciss, glutes a little bit too big. But, but I guess if you have straight glutes like his, it doesn't matter. And then the back is a little weak on the back double enough. So with over blown legs that it looks a little funny. Yeah, I agree. I agree. Very good, very good analogy. As soon as you said that, I saw it. Great side chess pose man. What? The two of them. I want you to think I'm a crack pot Dave. But I will say one thing, I think the Voliad still has some issues with the delts. They're not, they're better than they were. They don't have the, they don't have the, they don't have the, they don't have the. They don't have the, they still look mildly suspicious. Small this this Cartesian. That's a, we should, we should find out from all the internet warriors, but they shot in that. I'm liable. Unbelievable. What else? Well, let's see what else was going on that show. They had a, The bikini. Oh, they had a third. It's one of the had hotty and then they had, you know, Nicholas. And then it was like, guys, we really didn't know. They didn't look bad, but they obviously was not. No, just here. I call them European peeled guys. Angel Frost from Spain was third, fourth was Zorin Colesz. Excuse me. Colewski from Macedonia. Manuel kind of dillus from Spain was fifth. These are guys, I saw the pictures. They, they look like a gamma trees compared to these other guys. Because let's face it. These two guys can definitely be taught five at the Olympia, you know. Unfortunately, Nicholas will might be there, but unfortunately, Heidi won't be there. Yeah. There was immense physique. And then, in Portugal here this past weekend, David A. Mazzalari wins from Italy. And then there was a figure, pro division. Zorin, Doran from Italy. Italy cleaned up here, huh? And there was a bikini, a lot of myla. Nasa Nova from Ukraine one. So we're going to see a lot of people in the Olympia that we don't really, we've never heard of. And in women's physique is only four women. Here's a good, this is a good chance for women's physique, women to get in the Olympia education and no one took advantage of it. Lanka, Farina Cobra, for Ren Cucova, for Ren Cucova. Sounds like a tennis player. He wins from the Czech Republic. So congratulations. See Tim Gardner was out there. Tim Gardner's all over the place. I don't know how he does it. I got it. I'd have it. I'd have it. I'd be divorced and have it. And then I'd be divorced and have it. I'd like to see these international shows. To me, it really shows that there's interest around the world. I think this is great. Before there was every show in the United States, I like to see these international shows. Even if the lives are not as strong. If I was a competitor nowadays, Chris, I'll be honest to you. If I was competing nowadays and I was a pro, I would go and do these international shows. Just to say what I know it's more expensive. But a lot of times you can negotiate deals and hook things up with spots. Just to say, hey, I'll look at us. I'll say that you're both the whole weekend. Because usually they have to expose with these things. And I would go do these shows. I think you guys out there who are pros should take advantage. Especially if you're good. This should have been a show that more Americans were in. I think they missed the boat by not doing this show. Especially the first year you do it because this is when you get the biggest advantage. You know, over these people because no one shows up. But I would be doing travel. I like to travel. I know it's a pain in the estimate of dieting and stuff like that to have to get you stuff up together. But at that point, if you think about a course at the end of the diet, what do you really have to do with that point? If you're in shape, you're in shape. You pack your food and you go. Yeah, did I ever tell you a Gustavo Padel? You got to get Gustavo on something. You get the full story of Gustavo. I, it's a regards to travel and to shows. He, the first time he turned for a week on, I don't know how he gets a profile card. Maybe he won the Puerto Rico. He probably won the South American Championship some of these things. Yeah, South American. And it's such a small world. I, I got up the Boston, but, did, go down. I went down the Boston to see Jay in a snowy, like December. We're going to see this contest. And Richard Jones won. Remember Richard Jones? He was a Sean Ray knockout. Of course. If Nicholas would, whatever this kid would, the big legs is like, Lee Priest, then, then, what's the kid's name I just mentioned? Look like the Sean Ray look, the Sean Ray look alike. We're Sean, Sean, John. Richard Jones. Richard Jones. We saw like, so we're fucking in St. Pete. I don't know. We can't take it. We're just like our parents. Yeah. Richard Jones wins a show. And low behold, I never knew he beat at that show was Gustavo Badell. I talked to Gustavo years later and Gustavo could not believe I was at that show. Yeah, me and Jay went to see it. It was the show. It was like a show in New England by the guy. Oh, there you go. You used to guess post for the guy down in Washington. Oh, Jimmy Dakota's. Jim, no, no, there was another one. There was another guy. He actually had a heart attack in die. Oh, Gregco? Gregco? Yeah, Lenny Greco. Not Lenny Greco, I think there was something else. Yeah, Jimmy Greco. So anyways, I, he is later, I mean Gustavo. And I, so I forgot to build this time because I never really noticed him. And then once in 2000 on the tour, he got like 18th place. And I was staring at this guy backstage and I was like, oh, this guy's really good. And he'd keep on getting like 18th place. I'm thinking, why is he still not placing, you know, I was there with Jay over in Europe. And I was like, why is he not placing like, you know, 10th or 7th or 9th? I mean, that's where he should have placed. And he'd be like 18th, 18th, 18th, 18th. Well, years later, I told him that. And he said, well, you should have seen like two years later. He said, he got his pro card and he called up Wayne Demilier and he said, I want to compete. Wayne gave him the list of shows where they were and they were like, you know, 15 shows in 18 days in Europe. Right. When they have the European tours in Europe. And Gustavo would take like the Gobus on the train because he had no money. He would literally take the train to every single stop. And I said, how'd you do on the tour? He said, I got dead last and every show. He said, but I was making an impact. I was getting some experience. Right. So he had good stage. He had good stage presence. It's good stuff. Right. He'd run in the challenge round twice. Who don't he be a boost of them? He worked all year on which poses. He was like on a game show. That was like a game show. He's trying to get $20,000 per minute or something. He, you know, a fairly few. They would sell, you know, he out thought everyone would have it. I believe because he won that challenge round. You easily two years or so because he could beat someone on something. He could always beat Ronnie at the side try seven. Then he could beat the other guys in the other poses. So you only had to beat Mr. Lippie once, you know. He knew the pose he had to beat him in. Yes. It was such a, what a crazy file. I got to get Dorian on Dorian used to judge that. I got to get Dorian on the talk. But they just, Olympia's on it. We had like, Samir and Zayn on the panel. Which is the worst thing. These are all guys that like, why don't like that physique? I don't like his physique, you know. What someone else we said is this, they said, All the Mr. Olympias will vote for us. It's a physique that looked just like that. Yeah. Samir would want the guy with balance, right? Zayn would want the vacuum in the small ways. So Haney would want someone with the front, Ladd spread in a three quarter back pose. You know, Dorian would want total grain in his. Right. You know, common would want a freak. Larry Scott would want someone with big biceps. Frank O. Columbo would want someone with a peeled chest and peeled most muscular. Anyway, who's under five foot sex, yeah? Yeah. Yeah, definitely would be biased against like a gunter. It likely priest. Yeah, he likely priest. So we're gunned all day long. Well, I don't know. I don't think well, see that. And we only have the people's chance this year. You know, I, it's funny. I had him. I don't know if you saw the part one, but part two will be this week. I interviewed Dan Solomon. He was in a came coral, ironically enough. So that's how my son Danny says, oh, you just don't do it in that video show. We're on like, we're number one and we're on time. So I'd Dan, you used to be number one. Yeah. Like when you say pay you $85,000 an episode. We were talking about that. How, yeah, he's to have a, he's not the radio station. Yeah, because black men stop competing with me. I said, I got you those those years. He's like, they can get a raise in like 10 minutes. Hey, Steve. Dave offered me a, Dave, Dave, Dave, Dave, Dave, if it'd be 100 grand a month. I can't get 140. The true story that you know what, Dan came to me and wanted, he must have, ultimately, got a theater. And I was, you know what, I was just thinking about starting up muscle in the morning. That was my original brain child. And I said, you know what? Yeah, was in Miami, Dave, he came to you. Yeah, I said, Dan, you know what? I didn't trust Dan, but go ahead. I still, I don't even trust Dan now, but now I'm just kidding. The Dan has nothing to lose now, but back then I didn't trust him. And he, by his own admission, was always trying to sabotage, you know, to get to get the scoop on everyone. And I said, you know what, Dan? If you do the radio show on mine, or ex muscle, you know, channel, I said, I also want you to do part of your deal with me. It's going to be doing a show that I have created called muscle in the morning. It had never been at you. I'm going to, we're going to build you a little studio and you have a little backdrop in your house and you're going to record it. You'll send it for it every day to my, you know, video guy. And we're going to edit together because I think it'd be good at that. And that's my original intention was to end the du muscle in the morning. And so when we couldn't, when he really was just getting me to give him a bid so that then he can tell black man I'm willing to pay this and then black man would outbid it. And because he didn't really want to work back then. Yeah, he's like, when in real estate, you go look at something. They said, we got a contract coming in. Like, oh, I'm sure you do. Yeah, right. Exactly. So, so that's how that, that's how that happened. And then I just started muscleing morning and I said, fuck it, I'll just do myself. And that's how it started. So, thank you, Dan, for pushing me to do muscleing. And I'm sure you'll thank me for all the money you put in your pocket for those. Whatever it was, two, three years, the black man paid you for doing nothing, basically. Have you got to have a radio show? I'm going to have a radio show. Yeah, because he got excited about how it's turned black man. Right? Now he was excited that he didn't have a radio show and he didn't want me to get both the radio. She was not that it would have mattered. I don't even know why at the time I thought it was important, but I thought it was important at the time. And it was probably just to take it away from black man. It was stupid. I'm glad I didn't want to be the paydand all that money. Although, I think if he, I think we would have got sponsors at the time, if I had brought Dan on. But who knows? Back to the, the Pro schedule this past weekend, Len the Murray had a pro show in North Park, Virginia, and she had immense physique show, one by Greg Brandt, Congratulations. And the big pro bikini was won by Ashley Janell, Colorado, and Jack one Fuchs won the women's body building. A lot of women's body, but they have an awful lot of women's body building pro shows for a division that doesn't exist anymore. Right? I don't want to be a division. Paracelts are a second in a body, a papas, Switzerland, however. How last name is now is third. So yeah, the wings of strength people doing great. They're freaking, they're showing killing it. They've got a huge lineups of people. They're going to have their world championships, the rising Phoenix, coming up in September, giving away more prize money than all the women's divisions of the Olympia. Yeah. Who's better than them? Women's body building is doing great. I would do women's body building now. Women's physique competitor. By the way, did you hear Julie Adam Malikorni retired? No, I didn't know. She won't be doing the Olympia, big news. That actually is big news. I wonder why. I wonder if it's because she just, I got to, you know, I got to go to the show. I hate speculating, because you know what I'm going to speculate now, and she's going to come on this show and say, no, no, no, this is the reason. I want to have a family or something like that. Yeah, yeah, I know you're going to say that. I mean, I know you've done a set of things. I would like to have one. I don't know if that's the reason. I got to reach out to her. Well, just have a come over and put your son to bed so that you can do the radio show earlier. I wonder if anything to do with the rise and the rise of the Shini Grant star, you know, on the rise and after winning the Arnold, she's going to be a little bit of a success. I would have seen the battle that went to you. I would say, well, you know what, I would, I would, Shini Grant is off the hook, but but or and, Julie and Melcarni is as well, and she's, if she puts her mind to something, you know her, she's, she's, she's, she's sort of I believe crazy in a good way. Yeah. But, but I'm sure Shini gets as well, you know, sort of five, really crazy. You know, I mean, they take a very, very serious, it'd be a battle of the ages. Sure. It'd be like a J versus Ronnie type thing. Yeah, but we're not going to say it, obviously, because she's not doing the show. I'd like to see Candace Lewis, crossover from Fierre into, where I see Z. Last show, man. She was talk about being off the hook. She's so dangerous, it's ridiculous. I think she can, I think she can challenge Shini. She's a little bigger now, but I think she can challenge her for sure. She's great to be able to think about that. I'd love to see her head a couple poses against Shini backstage, you know, especially if they both win the Olympia. That would be crazy. All right, anyway, so, Linda had the, the Linda congratulations to Sun to the Cure Pro show. It seems to be growing every year. They keep adding new divisions. And, you know, it's, it's great. It's great that they have a way for former competitors to actually make a living. You know, as promoters, and the shows have the trends and not the competitors in the mob. See, I'm sure that I know the Linda show had an amateur division. The probably was packed to the health. So, a great job, you know. Great job. Great job. See what else I have in my little list of stuff to talk about. What's going on with this Steve Lourious? You know, let's, let's remind people what's going, let the whole Steve Lourious story. Steve Lourious originally worked with you. He claims to three weeks, you claim for six weeks. Then we saw him go over to my friend Justin there in it in New York, who he claims he went over there because Justin lives local to him. And we saw Lourry, and Lourry has been to talk about, by a, an enormous amount of people that has been like the air of air to the, classic physique Olympia throne. He's got the small ways to vacuum the whole thing. He wins Pittsburgh. Pretty easily. Or I am clean. But by one point, by one point. Some people say easily, but other people, divine Wilson would question that. Well, I mean the judges would question it. Yeah, he won by a point. Yeah. And he, the following, or two weeks later, he, instead of doing New York again, doing New York against divine Wilson again, who was second in Pittsburgh, he decides to do the two, 12 division because a friend of his is doing the open. Oh, it's doing the classic. That was the story, at least. And you predicted on the show that he was going to get destroyed. So like predicted, I was taking my predictions back to fill he's not shouldn't have been left muscle tech, or go ahead. You said he will be destroyed because he couldn't stand X for these two, 12 guys. And turns out you were right. He was like out of the top 10. I said that and I said his friend would be destroyed. And the, uh, we wasn't competing against in his position. Yeah, I'm hitting do well. And that other few. And a very weak class do. So I mean, New York pro was, New York pro did not have, uh, excuse me, New York pro did not have Reagan, divine and what names, my goodness. And the, and the freak from Germany, the classic, who was a guy from Germany? Look, I can't remember anyone's name. Wasn't divine in New York pro, but it wasn't. Yes, so my point was, I said that lineup, which I met was in, radically different than, you know, the top three in New York, which was like those are three, those three guys could win. Right, a Mitch is sort of second behind what's his name, visors, what's my, what's my, what's my, my gosh. He's got, he's got weaknesses from head to toe. Yeah, yeah, he's, he's not the greatest either, but I mean, he's got a, he's got a great one. I mean, it made hard. Yeah, true, true. So let's get back to Steve. So Steve Lawrence, did, did any disappeared? And, uh, no one heard from a nail, he pops up and he's, uh, he's, all of a sudden, Neil Hill is training him. And, that's an air and special to it. I can, of course, of course it is because it's season right. Yeah, but it came before you even, how's that? But, um, he seems to be, I guess, but I guess Justin, who's his former coach is upset. I'm not upset, but he's, I guess he's, I guess he's, well, because he bent on him, dude. Well, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he seems to be giving all the credit to like, uh, Neil Hill, who's a great trainer, by the way. But I, I just, you know, Neil has a work with this guy, you know, for any shows yet. Credit to one. As like the greatest coach of all time, I mean, you know, it's, you know, let's face the guy, the guy he did win Pittsburgh, you know, with Justin helping him. So, true. I don't, you know, we never heard any, any. So you, you did predict that he was not, he, you might have had a few screws loose, I don't know. Well, I, I, I, I predicted that, um, I predicted immediately off, um, I did, I did not predict that he would leave Justin and Hartley. You did, you did predict that. I didn't say it on the show just because it, you know, it probably wasn't the place yet. Why not the guy, switch coaches so frequently. How could it be the coach? How could the coach be that bad if he won the Pittsburgh first of all? First of all, first of all, a lot of these, this is what happens. You, you quote coach someone and a lot, a lot of these guys talk to each other, right? And then a lot of these other coaches, whoever these are, I don't mean everybody, but a lot of, quote, these other coaches follow the money and Instagram and then like, you know, jerk them off all day long. But that's that meal, that's not meal, he'll start. No, I know, but I, but that's why I said that's an air, special idea. So, I mean, Aaron's panicky over there that he's panicky, Laura's, and he's, you know, not in the lobby. Right. Well, he isn't, he's not, oh, he's not doing the Olympic or is he doing the Olympic? Of course he's not doing the Olympic, not yet, at least. Or he wasn't, I don't know. Well, he said he wasn't doing it, but, you know, maybe with Neil, well, that is definitely not doing it because that talk about head case. I mean, you either are, you're not. Right, we'll find out, I guess. So what was the, what was the question and how we answered? Why did guys keep leaving coaches, especially when they have the results of them? You've had a guy leave, you too. And I've had people leave me too, and they were winning shots. I mean, I've had, and I don't bother me. No, I know it's a lot of it, but it's like they think the grass is green, it's a place off, they're missing it. Well, that's what I'm saying. First, they follow by other coaches on their Instagram, who, you know, raking grounds will post up a picture, and, you know, Justin is there to like comment on every picture, a post is called, troll in the guy. So if you've got for a bit the guy, like, doesn't want to share of their, they have to say, you know, if you need any help. Got you. And they do it like this because people are fucking certifiably nuts after they don't want to show. You're right. And they'll do this. You know, you pecks could have been a little fuller. Why does it this? You know, if you would just a little drier and a little fuller, they'll say, look at someone's cell that I coach. If you had that condition, be like me saying, you know, look at, you know, rodents legs, I'll give you a leg workout. I don't even know what the hell he does for legs, and I don't care. They look good. Just get the fat on water off on them. You know what I mean? You say, well, look at what I did for the water carriers condition. Right. I mean, that's what people do. It's a sale. It's just, so that's what people are crazy after shows. And it's susceptible to any advice. And I know that Dave, because well known people, email me all the time, with other coaches after shows, who may say, what do you think I said? I think you look great. Because it's a worst time to give, it's totally disingenuous to give advice to somebody coming off a loss after a show, because they're just searching, grasping it's draws. God, blackmanship, pay us for to do the show. I'm going to say a dance all the time. It shows better than anyone of dance. So I'll get him back to show. Get him back to Dan. Get him back to Dan. Get him back to the show. So it's true. Get him back to Dan. So Dan was in the... No, we talked about Steve. What do you mean? Well, forget Steve. You already gave him the answer to the question. I forgot. I was originally talking about Dan Solomon though. So Dan Solomon was in town in Cape Coral. He's from Florida, obviously, he's from the other coast. And he was over. He was like, Dave, I'm going to be in Cape Corals. That way you live, I said, yeah, I live in Cape Corals. I'm going to come by. So I said, come by. We'll do an interview. So I got him, came by the studio, met my kids, whatever. And we were bullshit. And I'm like, yeah, let's go into the studio and let's record something. We recorded an hour. So we did two parts. And we talked about anything. We talked about everything. But we talked about the people's champ. Well, you know, words that they're going to be doing. And what is thoughts on it were. And we talked about, you know, with Kai Green come back. They compete. And why he should come back and compete. You know, the timing is right now. And, you know, it would be great for the sport and great for the show. And we talked about some other controversy. I talked about why, you know, how ridiculous and he agreed with me, which is amazing. How ridiculous these exclusive contracts they still have are. We're like, fill he can't come on my show or can't go on his show. Whatever it is because, you know, they got some kind of like exclusivity that they don't even use, you know, any more. It's, it's, it's outlived its purpose in other words. There's no magazines anymore. There's no, there's no even flex magazine anymore. So I don't know what, why they won't let fill, you know, going other shows and promote the Olympia. I think that, and I even brought up the point, and Dan, I'm agreed with me. I believe that Phil would be a more liked champion. Oh, I was a little, if he was able, because he's actually like, if you watch an interview with him, I've seen interviews on other talk shows with him. And the guy is pretty entertaining, you know, he's, he might not, you know, like his physique, but, or you might not like his attitude, but he's actually an entertain. He's got very insightful as well spoken. Well, I don't know if he's entertaining, but I know this. He's won the Olympia a lot of times. And for every person, you know, I know he's got this reputation that people don't like him, but he's got a massive fan base. And the reason why people don't like him is they don't really know him. Imagine if I, if I'm like, well, that's part of the game. I mean, I'm agreeing with you. If you can only do one interview a year, and, you know, you say one thing that's controversial, people can say, what an idiot. He said this. Well, I mean, everyone says something, you know, quote, stupid, I do all the time. Who's ever in whose interview do I mean, actually asked him about his upbringing? And then how he, you know, I mean, what we know is we shot a few fucking baskets at the University of Colorado there, you know, and played basketball. I mean, that's the only thing I know, I don't really. I want to know, you know, everything about him. And so, you know, it's kind of foolish for them not to let their Mr. Olympia, the guy who represents our sport, you know, the guy who, you know, is in the social media world, you know, dilly downing around that because he can't actually go on anyone's show and actually tell people what he's actually thinking inside. He winds up making posts on Instagram and then people take it the wrong way. And then you can't, you need to sit down and be able to explain yourself to people. It's like, you ever get, you ever get into a texting thing with clients, and they get insulted because they're not really, because you don't really pick up your tone. You might be being sarcastic, maybe you're just being short with them because your kids are driving you crazy. Instead of just picking the freaking phone up and calling you up on the phone and talking to you, which usually completely negates everything that's been done in the attacks. Now they're like, oh, I didn't know you. I thought you were mad at me, right? So it's the same way. Social media can be taken the wrong way because you can't hear the person speaking and the general, you can't tell if someone's being genuine or not. So I just said, Dan, it's just, I can't believe that they're still playing this card. Yeah. What do you say? He's like, you're right. It doesn't really serve, you know, he's misdeculably correct, but he agreed. He did agree with me. He did agree with me that it doesn't serve. It's purpose anymore. It did when there was magazines. I understand it because the magazines wanted to have a scoop. They wanted to get the adjunct people. I want to sell more copies of MD because I have selling, so in my magazine with an exclusive interview, versus Flex magazine per se and vice versa. That makes sense because that's when people read magazine. It was important to have cover lines. But no one reads magazines anymore. And that's not relevant anymore. So, you know, any, why any would company would even spend money on trying to pay someone to be exclusive to them is, is the biggest waste of money in today's, so he's wrapped up with who? Flex? No, he's wrapped up with no one. He's doing the Amazon.com broadcast this year again. No, I mean, I mean, Phil, Phil. Oh, Phil, yeah, I guess he's flex AMI. I guess he's got a contract with them, you know, because they only Olympian, he's Mr. Olympian. I understand that, but, but they're not using him. So let him, they don't care to use them. Right, but take your chance, but take your chance, and put a free conteshered on him. It says, Mr. Olympian, AMI, Flex magazine. Whatever you want to put on. I'll tell you. Send them around the country. You want to, well, that's not going to come to date. I'm not going to happen. Because you'll get a just, you know, nobody's a, I'm not, no, it's not scooping anyone. It's, it's going to promote. Yeah, but unfortunately, you would be scooping because you said him, okay, I'm the lead run interview him too. And then send him over to whoever else wants to interview him. This is, I mean, Dory needs made the rounds easy. You know, popularies from doing all these interviews and all these different media organizations now. It's, it's the biggest mistake I think that, that's out there. It's an antiquated system. It was, it worked. Like I said, I think it was great. And smart, I look, I worked for him. We were trying to scoff up anyone. No. It made sense back then, but not in today's social media, you know, world, it just doesn't, it doesn't make sense anymore. And, you know, I just think that it's killing Phil, he's brand. I think it's killing a lot of guys brands, you know, because they can't get on decksters, one of the most that deck, it's he decks just smart. Dexter goes on his own in Instagram, it does his own like videos. Even though he's exclusive to AM, he can do whatever he wants on his own page, which is, which is also ludicrous, because here you are, they want exclusivity on you, but you can go do your own stuff. Like, I mean, these guys hire their own, video guys, and they start their own channels, which is fine. But in order to promote your own stuff, you need to go on other channels that are popular as well. So that's just my suggestion. Like I said, I, it doesn't matter today. I mean, it's just, I just, you know, Dan and I did a very good interview in the sense that we talked a lot about about a lot of controversial subjects. And we gave a lot of strong opinions, and I think it will be, the first part was well received. I think people will even like the second part, bad luck, because I started getting animated. You know, I started getting into the whole interview thing. At first, I was, I was just interviewing him, and then I became more of a discussion between him and I, as to, you know, what our opinions are on everything. And I told him, I said, look, you know, I said, I had to take a, you know, an approach to how I covered dirt my journalism, and my approach is different than yours is. And I said, you know what the funny thing, Dan, is you could interview Kuy Green, I could interview Kuy Green, you could interview, I could interview you, they'd be two separate interviews. Completely different. And they would vote with you. Just as entertaining, it's a great point. And, you, you've told me yourself, in fact, when I said, I don't Dave, that was a great interview, and you said, you got to see the interview with someone so-and-so-do with them. Yeah. And I just agree with you. You said, no, you're the best. You know what it is because, and Dan, you've... I said, no, go see someone so as interview with them because it's a totally different perspective of their mind. Right. And you have to take that as an interview. Because if I see this five interviews out there on a person, most involved the same, I don't want to do the same interviews ever. So I'm going to be like, all right, well, I get to get to a different angle. That's why when I interview Dorian, I waited for everyone else to interview him first so that I wouldn't ask the same questions essentially. And then I asked him, my set of questions. I said, Dan, what do you mean? I said, well, Dan, you're not going to ask controversial questions if you get filth. So you're going to ask him questions relevant to what's going on in his life and in the world in terms of his bodybuilding world. That's what you are. I said, you're like Larry King. You ask the questions that they're not super controversial. But they're what people want to hear about. I said, that's a gift that you have. You know how to ask questions that people want to know the answers to. I ask questions that people never thought of necessarily, or maybe did think of and thought no one would ask. That's how that's my approach, I take. And because that's also interesting. You know, it's interesting in the different way. You know, it puts the person in a different perspective. It's not them just talking about themselves. It's them having to think about themselves and give answers because it's what makes them tick. And I think that's what also people want. I want to know, what makes filth he's tick? Why is he that's acceptable? That is absolutely 100% demosimportant part. Right. But he's also interesting to know how he came up and shows you one. You want to hear, you want to know everything about the guy. You know, Kigrain same thing. We've heard all the Kigrain. We know Kigrain's, you know, history already. We know what shows he's won already. But what makes Kigrain tick? Remember when he, remember when he did that on a classic that he won? I don't know if it was on 9 or 10. And he fell off the treadmill. He was like, so like, let's start. And remember that he actually fell off the treadmill. And everyone was like, oh, Kai, he's not going to make it to the show. And I want to know what happened. No one ever asked him. Yeah, I wanted, that's a question I would ask if I had Kai and what did that happen? That's what he was working with. Oscar. Remember, there was so much drama around that whole prep. And he looked right and made it to the stage and looked right. I wanted to know what was going on behind the scenes. There was another one. If you remember, he remember when he did that Olympia. He was like, him and Oscar like, sequestered themselves for like six weeks in Vegas. You know, we, we speculated for the full six weeks. We said, dude, we were speculated on the ambient temperature change. With humidity and it was fun. Right. And you remember that. And why am I? Day, way, way, way. Day, you asked me. You asked me, Dave. I remember that prediction. You said, what do you think? I said, it's going to be a disaster day. Are you right? You know why I know that? What? I said, because I saw that video of you made for MD Dave when you went. And I said, only, I know I said, only Rocky can go to Russia and went and train with it in the snowstorms and in the logs and stuff. But you know what, home is where your heart is. Or whatever that saying is. And you have to be most people, especially artists and Kai is an artist. And he didn't even be there environment. And I predicted that. And I said, I predicted everything a week. I said, and pictures will put out posts and videos. He said, it's not going to end well at all. Poor Mike posted up Mike, most in Ella was sent there to videotape that whole six weeks in Vegas. He sent at muscle men sent them that they paid for the whole thing. And he couldn't get, remember he couldn't get Kai out of the hotel room? Kai would be sitting in this hotel. There was like a sweet they were saying. And there was like the main room and then there was the bedroom. And Kai was in the back bedroom and Mike was like, Mike posted on my post and I'll, he all day long was in the regular room. The main room with Oscar. Because Oscar was there in the room with them too. Oscar was cooking food like, like, Oscar was cooking like he was an old Italian grandma, all day long for Kai. Mike's like, is Kai coming out? It's been like six hours already. Doesn't he have to go train? Yeah, well, he might come out in a couple hours. And some Mike was there all day filming like Oscar and the cooking and like, people coming in and out of the place. But no one saw Kai green for like, at all. We don't even know Kai. I want to know what Kai was fucking doing in that back room for so long. And what Kai? Yeah. Can't you? Don't you want to know? Well, I had to guess those for something. I know. And the person had the gym and just like, oh, Kai, green's coming to the gym. Kai, green, Kai, green. And so Kai said I'm going to go into the locker room and come out. You know, he went into the locker room. He didn't say he was going to the locker room and it was midnight. And they're waiting for him, like the owner and his friend to come out. And it was like 130 when he finally came out in the morning. They didn't know if it was a long trip. It was overseas. And they didn't know if he had fallen asleep. If they didn't want to go in and disturb. You know what I mean? But the the identity, I said, why did you guys just go into check on him? Maybe he had fallen asleep. They're like, well, you know, it's Kai. And if Kai threw his hat into this year's Olympia, I mean, talk about Olympia, hype. Oh, god. And I think it would be crazy, right? It would be crazy. Yeah. And you know what I was just saying about how much time this guy really left it to do this, you know? And this might be the year to do it, you know? Who knows? Big deal, you know? Who cares if you don't win? Kai can't lose. If he does the show and he comes to the second or third, it doesn't matter. He'll still be the most popular person there. Well, the fans would go to number one for sure. Because they're not fan things. And he'd love that and hit him, he'd say, you know, you know, what I would say? Well, no, he'd say it's harder to win the fans, but it's easy. I mean, it's easier to win the judges vote because you're the current winner and the same judges and judging you, you're the year and it's the, the garnering the support. Look, let's say they did the show and really and he came in and he came in the second or third. OK, and he deserved it. OK, let's say, you know what? You could win this year, Dave. Who cares? He still would be the most popular guy there. You can win the end of story. No one can. You know what? He could win this year because the line-ups are always, it's important who you stand next to. And I know it's important about Phil, but, you know, he could, if he looked anything like what he's capable of looking like, he could win because he's got the cross-strated quads, which means he'd have the best quads up there. They'd be, you know, not as big as Rami's, but there would just be cross-strated, very few people in that line-up have deep, cross-strated quads. Technically, he could demolish the outshot against Phil and Rami, right? I'm not even mentioning a bone-ac. He could win the back double, arguably, although Phil is, it fills, well, I should walk that one back. Phil's been named Phil too. He's 20, sure. Yeah, it really is. But, you know, I mean, you never know. I agree with you. I think there's only a benefit from doing the show. If I was to love the people that just pay him to do the show, they'd probably already offered him to do it anyway. And they'd tell him to do the show and he wouldn't take it. A lot too. Then he'd try it one more time. Enough. Aaron offered him enough that you would do the show. Yeah, they offered you that money. Aaron, my number is 2075. Oh, my God. So, yeah, I thought Aaron, Aaron had a big announcement. He was going to sign a big name, and I thought it was going to be Kai, and I was wrong. It was actually Brian Shaw. Sign the world's strongest man, Brian Shaw. It's not that big, but go ahead. I guess he figured he's the biggest guy, because it's 450 pounds, but anyway, I don't know the note. I'm going to deviate from bodyboy a little bit, and go to muscle science. Let's say go to my father. Yeah, muscle science, muscle science. So, I don't know if you've seen this new article that you came out. It was another line was how to put it in Google Translate. I wanted my father to send this to me. They found that blood bear, the bear from bloods, especially when they're hibernating in the winter, can make you grow more muscle. Do you know that? Blood. The blood from bears, like in other words, if you take the blood out of these bears, they're finding some protein in there, some kind of factor that can actually prevent muscle weakness and older people and can build muscle. Of course, they apply for weakness and older people and weightless astronauts, but let's face it. The athlete's going to want to use it. They haven't really isolated what it is yet, but they're trying to figure it out. Pretty interesting, right? Because they find why did these bears, when they hibernate, and when they don't lose any muscle? Think about it. Think of the whole went to, they don't even think. They don't lose one gram of muscle. Because they bear. But they have something that's preserving the muscles, but what I'm saying. So they're trying to figure out what it is. So should I be having my cousin, Ocellan, grass fed cows, let's start raising main black bears? That's pretty big. That'll be the newest thing. Everyone's got to find a way to cheat you know that. There are muscle cells evidently swell in size. They can get bigger. I think that's what makes them more antibolic. Because we know for a fact that volume-wise muscle cells tend to be more antibolic and just like dehydrated muscle cells tend to be more catabolic. Imagine that. If they can come up with a pill or something like that, it contains this factor in their blood. It's only produced in the winter, by the way. If you take a bear when it comes up wakes up from hibernation and it's eating normally, doesn't have that in there. So it's adaptive. Something that helps them get through the hibernation. I'm sure someone who will exploit that. It'll be on one of these peptide sites like next week. They'll have to be bare-factor number one or something like that. They'll go out. Unbelievable. So I like you, Sue. You see my underarm that's burnt down. Yeah, I saw that. I saw that he was trying to find Jews, the guy in Burn the Burn Jews, right? Is that what happened? Chris has a kind of an Miami. He sends me to Sardico, but it's this creating lunatic. 70's something you're all was trying to burn down the condo. Because he thought they were Jews in there. Is that what he was trying to do? He'll Jews. Yeah, he lived there. And he poured gasoline down there too. Yeah, he lived there. And he poured gasoline down the trash tubes. Oh, really? He went out and he was doing. Two, he poured two out of another, I think he had 26 other containers of gasoline. Wow. Like if they don't get him out of the country, he sounds like a terrorist to me. Well, he's going to try to kill you so crazy. He thinks you're going to qualify in the 2012 Lempio. He didn't. That was, he didn't have any belongs where my dad is. My dad tried to light his house on fire too, because he thought he was trying to warm up the house. But they, they rest some charge, some with a temp that are shouldn't have been a temp that murder. Well, was he have seen mine or is he was he a guy who was like, he like, he's cemented. Um, I don't know. He's liking his mid 70s. Crazy, though. Yeah. He probably has to mention. You know, it's, dementia is very sad. They went so much fall for today. You know, and he obviously, I told you this, I think I mentioned on the show. He broke his femur and four places. They had to redo that. They had to put his leg back together and they put, he had to redo that hip or placement in that side done 25 years ago. And he's not doing well. He's got the touch in ammonia. He's when old people start falling. And they're, and they're, you know, they have mental, you know, memory issues. It doesn't really go well from, I, my dad at the stage where he's like, you know, I'm done. I'm like, what do you need to do? He's like, I'm done? He's like, I see you're done with life or you're done with the, you know, because you're pissed off that you're in pain. No, life. So, when people give up like that, that's it. It's over. Unfortunately. So, I, you know, I don't know what's going on my dad. My sister's flying down here this is coming weekend. So, I don't know if my tail long. I know everyone always asks about my dad. So, I don't know if my dad's going to make it past this one. I don't think he wants to anymore. I was, you know, I try to give him a little pep talk, but, you know, also, he's very confused because, you know, whenever you get at it, my dad was in undanesthesia for six hours on this surgery. So, he's definitely whacked from that. And he's, he's actually pleasant in the hospital, which is a bad sign also. Everyone's like, you know, we love you, Daddy. So, plus I said, that's that a good sign. I said, I said, when he starts cursing you out and yelling at people, let me know because that's a good sign that my dad's back. So, he could use, maybe I kind of get him some bear blood. I kind of go find some, anyone who knows, I know we'll have some of our viewers out there who are listening to his, probably he has brown bears. Unfortunately, they're not going to hibernation right now. I'm at my dad's going to have to make it to the winter. I can take some bear blood and transfuse it into him. He was, his iron was a lot of money. So, he probably could use a blood transfusion. It's terrible getting old. It is a little depressing. But it happens to the best of us, I guess, right Chris? Well, some people don't make it to the wall. I told my dad that too. I said, I said, I gave it to the overcomes a lot already. I said, there's no reason why you can't keep going. He's like, I don't want to. You know what? When I hear that, I don't even get sad. I kind of like, you know what? Yeah. Maybe he's right. Well, it's not quality life isn't it, after all? Well, it's always about quality of life. We're really, right? I mean, the only reason my dad is really living at this point is to watch his grandkids get a, you know, grow old and get a little older so they can interact with him. I don't know. I think he's going to, he's better off in another place. I don't want to see him suffer. It's hard to say. I'm saying it about it. Father, it's about a parent, you know, to admit that maybe, you know, maybe the living life is not as good as going to the next realm. But you know, I don't want to see my dad suffer. He's suffering and he's not happy. I don't want him to, you know, I don't want to see. No, there's a lot of people try to save people because they, because they can't. In other words, it's bothering them. They don't want to lose their, they don't want the parent to die because it's going to bother them. But you know, if that's what you pair really wants, you know, if my dad is done and he's given up and he's like, all right, you know what? I'm good. Enough life. I want to move on to my next agenda, whatever that is. I'm not against it. I want him to be happy. I don't want him to suffer. And, you know, for people like your dad or my dad losing their memories is worse than, you know, physically handicapping them because that's their whole life was based on their, on their mind, you know, and the things that they said and the things they did, you know, terrible when you can't, you have no control of that anymore. Totally. I mean, someone, there was a, you will mention to, made the comparison with dementia in terms of, you know, like sometimes you ever fall asleep and you wake up and you're like, you know, just like totally lost where you are. Imagine being like that, you know, the time. Four, seven. Yeah, no, it's not a good pleasant to live your life. So, but like you said, a lot of people don't make it. I mean, is it worse to be to die at 40, you know, and I mean, I think that would be worse, you know. Look, as long as my father can kind of drift off to the other world in a very peaceful way, I think that that's the best way to go. And that's how I'd want to go, you know, I don't want to, I don't want to be pathetic, you know, my dad's not pathetic yet, but I don't want him to get to that point. So, we'll see what happens over the next couple of weeks. I'll keep you guys updated. The World Health Organization Chris officially declared bacon as harmful as cigarettes. Did you see the redista? This was last week. That's insane, dude. This should be shot. They're saying, and look, I've said this also too for a while, that processed meats are very course-inogenic to you. I know, what don't that for like, the years that they're course-inogenic, but for God's sake, really, you know, how about this? It's, what would you use, you see, a 10 year old on a corner in the BLT sandwich, just smoking a pack of marbles, which 20 can tell it's worse for them. I mean, or these people are just retarded. But, you know, sorry insulting people, I mean, they just stupid. I mean, really, they say they found, they say, this is the article they say, they say, the World Health Organization says it's claimed that they found sufficient evidence in humans that the consumption of processed meat calories causes colorectal cancer. Meat consists of multiple components, such as heme iron, and meat can also contain chemicals that form during meat processing or cooking. For instance, carcinogenic chemicals that form during meat processing include end-initroso compounds and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, cooking of red meat or processed meat also produces heterocyclic aromatic amines, as well as other chemicals, including polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, which are also found in other foods and in air pollution. Some of these chemicals are known as suspected carcinogens. But despite this knowledge, it is not yet fully understood how cancer risk is increased by red meats or processed meats. So, I mean, if I didn't go to medical school, I probably could have pronounced all those terms. Now, they actually have a chart. This is really funny, Chris. You know, I love what they do to say. They probably spend 10 million miles on this study. They have a chart on bacon's cancer risk. How much bacon you could eat to raise your color-rescilled cancer? Color-reactable cancer. The E2 strips of bacon per day, you only increase your risk 5.9%. However, if you eat 10 strips of bacon per day, you increase your color rate, it percentage to your chance of color-reactable cancer by 9.5%. Now, Aaron, I know that you have, you are in singing me, it's a lot of bacon. I've watched it breakfast for, you better cut back your 10 strips to your two strips or maybe no strips. I don't eat bacon, so I'm not worried to be honest with you. But cured meats are not good for you. We know that it's sad, like you said, if you have a hot dog once in a while, it's not a big deal. But if you're eating it every single day, I guess it could definitely cause problems. I think not using a fiber supplement is going to increase your risk of color-reactable cancer. A lot more than eating a couple strips of bacon in the dough. But they claim it does. Well, how does two pieces of bacon compare to two borrows a day? I don't know. That's the chart I want to see, you're right. You know, that's the chart. And who are the guinea pigs they use? I mean, it's just, it's just, you know what the problem is? They do these retrospective studies. They look at old people who got color-reactable cancer and they say, well, what did you eat? What was your diet? Look, I can't remember what I ate this morning for breakfast. I don't know how these people come up with one thing. I was fucking 25 years. Unless they're just eating the same thing every day. You know, why? You know, two eggs and two pieces of bacon every day, every morning. You know, after I read the article, all of a sudden I got this craving for bacon. I'm like, I want to fucking eat bacon, all of a sudden. I don't know why. I don't even have any pieces of bacon in 28 years. I'm really curious. All of a sudden, I want to have a craving for bacon now. I want to go make some bacon with good eye hop. This is the show three in the morning and we'll get some bacon. So... Well, as long as my dad is ready to leave this mortal plane, maybe I should have me eat a couple pieces of bacon. He might as well, right? Get as much bacon as possible. Did you, did you, did you find the smoke? He did smoke for many years. I thought he was a smokeer. He stopped though. He's not, he hasn't smoked for 20 years, but he bespoke for a long time. He smoked the pipe. He smoked cigarettes. He stopped to cigarette. He started to mess him, smoking the pipe. Yeah, my dad is smoked the pipe. Yeah, if he had to be considered an outspoken probably. Right, he claims he hasn't inhaled. I said, you'd like you to get mouth cancer. He destroyed your gums from it, but this is you're lucky to get. My dad has got a very good constitution, because he obviously has endured a lot of to help issues over the years. But father time beats us all, that's the bottom line. Time is longer than time. Yeah. His father lived in 92, but his father never smoked a drink. So definitely get an extra five or six years at yourself if you don't do that. It was back to quality again. Yeah, yeah. You're right. It's a little quality life. It's really well comes out of it. I always said, you know, who cares if you live longer, but if you're miserable and you're feel terrible while you live longer, it's maybe not a good idea. But that's why I always said, I want to live. Well, I want to live to be old, but I want to be functional. You know, that's the key. You want to be functional. 90 would be great as long as I'm functional to time to 90, a hunch it would be better if I'm functional to a hunch. If I'm disemble, then it's not to me. It's not worth living. You're going to keep, you know what? You got to keep your mind busy all the time. Believe me. You got to keep it all, you know what? You got to keep it busy all the time. You're planning going on. Not that anyone cares about. I did, I produced a very rare bowel to Shrick the Chris. One of the only people to do it. And I think I might be the first person in the entire world to produce this, it's called a crystal bowel. It was a combination of these two babies I bought and it produced, I produced a bunch of them too. And so I am now on the bowel, constrict the breeding, I guess you could say rankings. I've moved up the rankings quite a bit recently with this, with this, the production of this animal that I produced. The real rankings because your radio show is ranked, what was it? 30th or so? I think we're last three with the last three of this show. But yes, so I just, to me that was like, that was like, getting your pro-card, you know? I got my pro-card in reptile breeding. The crazy things we do. It's funny that I always tell people that it's very important to have hobbies outside of bodybuilding. Bodybuilding is my source of income and my job, which I love, because it's always nice to love your job. But then I have to have a hobby. I would say breeding reptiles is my hobby. Even though it could become a good source of income in the future, but it's not right now. So I enjoy doing, Chris likes bodybuilding too. And I know your real estate is really a source of income, but you also love it. And that's important because you have two different passions. So if something goes wrong in mind, you get the other that kind of fold back on. If someone burns down your house because they think you're a Jew, at least, but you can leave them to the radio show and get your depression and frustration that, right? You got the craziest fucking people who live in your buildings. It's unbelievable. Well, that's, that's, I agree with you. You know, there's never a dull moment. What happens if like, so in the lives that burns the building down is what the head of the head and work with insurance? Well, Joe Cherry would have been down there and I mean, it would have been like, you know, right? I mean, but does that like, you know, how like, you know, how if you kill yourself, you don't get like, you don't get like, you don't get like, you're someone's own barge building down your insured. Okay, it doesn't matter. This way you have insurance for, but isn't that considered arson kind of like if you live there? Yeah, but arson is like, if it's not insured, if like, you know, me and you over insure of the building, it mean you own and then we have like a mander of my wife. People who say they don't put up that crazy lunatic that burn the building down because you want to get his fucking insurance money from it. That, you know, crazy things of happened. Yeah, no, it's scary. Thank you. So now, Chris, here's the question. Did they arrested this guy, right? He's probably going to do jail time. I would think. Oh, yeah. Right. Maybe you could pick up the apartment at a good rate. Yeah. You're the as the getting. No, no, I'm sure people are on it like up, right? I would be on it, Chris, you better get to get that right. Come on. Like, why don't rise, stay. What do you think those things? What did he do? You know if his apartment looked good? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Maybe you could pick it up for a song into dance. No, those things are always like curses. Yeah. Right. I don't know. You never know. I'm sure his family's going to want the apartment, but maybe you can bite. Maybe they don't want to take care of it. It probably needs to complete. The guy probably was living like a slotted there. It's probably needs a whole redo. I'm sure. Yeah, but it's a solution for my immediate. Right. That's something that's right up your alley. You like to do stuff like that. I heard our friend, Jose Raymond, just going to check out the area. Oh, yes. I didn't know that. That's good. I'm still there. Wow. The West Coast on my side. In your town. Really? How can we didn't tell me this? Jose, call me. I got a lot of people moving down here. He said Lloyd Dawlar, who he prepped and looked tremendous at that most recent show, wherever was Lloyd, there in your town or in your body. Those right here in my town. Those in front of my eyes on the kid, Carl. And he said, you know, I don't know what he said. He said, you know, that $400,000 house is going to be in 10 years, whatever, a million dollars. That may not be true, but I said, Jose, I said, his reply to has, it only has two things, whether in no taxes. So that alone will always make it a growth area, which means real estate prices will always go up. And who can't you buying a hat? You can spend half the amount of money, or a third of the amount of money you spent wherever he is in Boston there to get the same house. So you saw my house, I think it is. Oh, yeah. I remember more inch, you know, so it's who's better than me. He could sell his house up there and move down here and he'll live like a king. And you know what the funny thing is? I'm getting a lot of people moving down here. My friend Cole, Hansick is down here now. He's working for me. And who else was telling me they wanted to move down here? A couple people told me they wanted to move down here. A key Williams is thinking about moving down here. I'm going to turn the west coast of Southwest Florida into the new Mecca of Bodybuilding. Everyone's going to I want everyone down here. I'll have people, the studios will have TV shows telling you. This is Cape Crawl's the number one growing city and I didn't move here because of that, it just is. It's the number one growing city in the United States. Everywhere you look this house is being put up here. I'm shocked that you haven't been down here yet, scouting out. You know, I'm not shocked. No, well, my, you know, my really you've never met on me that my really good friend in Miami has a builder and he's always maybe we could start a little company, Dave. He's always asked me. It's not like, let's build the house, but you know, he still built these houses in Miami that, you know, they're not like on the west coast. I mean, they've just, they take a lot of money to build and, you know, they sell for a lot of money. So I always say like, you know, what if somebody can't come up with $665,000 per, you know, $222 square foot house. You could put up a 100,000 house you spend in itself or 200 here all day long. That's the thing. Dave, we should, we, yeah, we just, let's make a person out. New hobby. New hobby for me. New hobby. Oh, no, it's going to be a hobby. Joining Chris is hobby. Yeah. I'm trying Chris's. We can call ourselves three, three, uh, three, three mandrels. Three of me, a three, three mandricks. I mean, Chris, see, that was a minute and they pull up a building houses now. We could start a reality show. We could, we could. There would be a reality show. You see the guy with snakes and he's got like a racer show and what? And what are you talking about? The place is lucky not to, the two of us couldn't fucking change a light bulb together. We have to do anything. Like, and no one wanted to work out. I was going to actually, I was embarrassed. I was going to post. I was dead serious. Yeah. I was going to send you a picture. You were on a crack-out. Of a towel bar that I had. And I was proud of myself. Me too. When I just thought my value, I very proud of myself. A towel bar. I can put up do anything I want. Anything I put my mind to. I can do. I just choose not to do it. That's all. So if we have any house builders who want to move to Florida, also, and work for our new three, two weeks. No, we have the guy in Miami. I'm telling you. He's a one-stop. I'm sorry, me up. Sign me up. All right. Well, that's uh, it's getting late. I have still have 600 emails to answer. And uh, you know how that goes. Mondays always a busy day. In the body of all this coming weekend. What do we got up? We get some shows coming this week. Uh, we do. I forget what it is. There's something probably show coming this weekend. I'm going to come and schedule right now. Tell you. I hear Chris doing work in the backdrop. Yeah, I'm just looking at that property slowly. See, Chris is doing his hobby while we're talking. You know, well, you're, you're, it's in addiction, dude. Yeah. Los Angeles championships. Next week. So that's a big one. Pro, oh, it's only pro figure. Nevermind. Thought it was a big one. Kenney show next weekend somewhere. There's a bikini show everywhere. John Lindsay's got one every single weekend. Yep, battle the desert. Pro bikini men's physique. Is it really battle? What's a bikini? Yeah. I want to just a bikini also titled battle. Big man weekend show pro show jackpot 25 thousand dollars men's body building in Spain. I'll accompany Spain. Which weekend? Give me, give me a line up. Of course, if the god forbid they release the line up, you know, I don't know why they can't release the line up, you know, two weeks early. So the Chris and I could handicap it on the show. I have no idea. I'm sure it'll be up. They have this radio show. We unfortunately were, you're quite the radio show today before that. But yeah, no, it's going to be a great show. It looks like it's at the Grand Hotel Bali. And they got a really nice website for it to 25 grand plus to give in our pro cards. Another one of these big European events. I like it. It's a great idea. See if they have any athletes listed here. Yeah, check it out. If I were Heidi Schouppen, I would do the open. How about that? What do you think about that idea? I think it's a good idea. You might get a good idea. Right? 25 grand up for Chris going to beat it. Let's, let's put it this way. Who's who's going to beat him? You know? Well, the guys who, the big, the big names of the Olympia are all qualified right. They're not competing anymore. How would, how would Heidi Schouppen do in the, how would he have done in that show that, um, we're a micro lock and beat Sergio? Oh, man. Um, he be no lower than third. Yeah. By the way, Justin Rodriguez through Sid. Sorry, sorry, I don't know if that's true. You just, I mean, Rodriguez is pissed that I think that Sergio deserves to beat him. I didn't think there was like, yep. Let me see if I can find the email. I'll read it to you. Oh, oh, no. He didn't contact me, but he would contact me. Sid and Sid isn't good. So here it is. Oh, let's hear it. Huh, from Justin Rodriguez, I'm going to read on the air. Because since Justin will come into any interviews with anyone, I don't know why, but I've reached out. We've reached out them before. Hey, Dave, um, I have great respect for you. I see your art special programs every day. So we watch this. That's good. And I know you're a master and body building, but I cannot understand how you can say that Sergio beat me. If you're looking for a pose by pose in Chicago, maybe he won in most, it seems a child next to me, the big winner that day was Michael without a doubt was the best man. So Sergio, if you're listening Justin, think you were a child next to him at the other stage. I don't think that happens to agree with that, but how do you respond to that, Chris? I think Justin's a great buy-bill, though. I think that, put it this way. When I saw him last in New York, what he placed in the New York Pearl? You think I can't remember what I did this morning. I told you that. Well, I just, I mean, I, I think that, you know, I think he's trying to buy a bill that just even that. I don't know. You know, Justin was third behind one. Remember? Yeah. So he's right up there. He's going to be winning pro shows next year. I'm telling you, he's right there. Yeah, no, I mean, he has ability to win. But I think that Sergio is better than I do. Pro shows next year. I think he's, I think when we talked on the show last and reviewed the show, I said that he's improved, you know, every year that he's cope and on the scene, which he's been on the scene very, you know, short period of time, but he's improved. And he's got a good structure. His, his, his issue is just, it's not conditioned and it's not maturity. It is like, it's, it's that density has to like simmer like he's a little bit. Yeah, that's what it's called. It's cool. It's cool. Ah, let me get it out for God's sake. I was going to say if it came with William Cinderl. Yeah. In other words, when a came first came out, people would say like, you got to get peeled. I mean, dude, if he tries to get peeled, he's going to probably have to drop 40. Yeah. And people would be like, what are you talking about? I said, it's going to be really, it's going to take some time because he just got big so fast. And it's the Jacobus syndrome when Jerry was like 18, 19, 20, 21. It just took it to that like, you're 99. You don't even took him a while to let that muscle on that frame. I guess you call it simmer. simmer. It's really good. And just get dense and you can't force that. In other words, you can't force it. That was the example with a came. If you try to force it and say, I'm just going to get peeled to the show when you just put on all that new muscle that first two three years that back time. It's time. It's time. That's all. I agree. So, but I thought, I thought he deserved third place at that show. You know, just like I thought he deserved, you know, roughly what he got in New York. I don't think he's being judged harshly. No, I think he's being judged fairly. Yeah, I do. I love the him and the him and the surgery go out of the. With surgery, he has this whole probably starting up the Instagram war again. I'm sure. That's probably why he said to me. I'll get him on the show. I'm going to show. Who listen? I think he's lazy. That's all. There's no reason for not to come on the show. All right, Chris. Let's wrap this thing up. We're at a time until next week. Remember with heavy muscle radio, the truth hurts. Good night, everyone.