Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X Pro 30 year in a row and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry. It's a low-car pot tart. It's got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. On day polumbo and today is Tuesday September 8th, 2020 and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. About 10 years ago there was a once in a lifetime Egyptian exhibit that came to the Franklin Institute in Philadelphia where I saw some of the rarest treasures on Earth up in close and personal. But if I never get a chance to see any of those things again, catching MOTFOTORN action might be the next best thing. A few days ago MOTEL released his first update in the early two months where it looked to me like he might be creeping closer to making a 2020 debut. In MOTEL and pro a few years ago he was one of the rare international amateur athletes who already had a huge following. And I think the intrigue about what his future looks like at the pro level has only gone up since then. And now that we have so much attention on the few Olympia qualifiers that we have left on the ticket, if he does decide to drop it to something between now and October. I think he has a real chance to make a huge impact right from the get go. As of today we're about eight or nine weeks away from the Europa pro in Alacante Spain whether we'll be a ton of Olympia qualifications up for grabs, thanks to our provision from the IFBB that we talked about on one of last week's shows. And a firework betting man, I think about laying down a few dollars on Priscilla Limebacher grabbing one of those open spots in the DeCandy division. Over the weekend Priscilla's team announced that she'd be making her season debut in next month's contest where you have to think that she'll be looking to punch one of the last remaining tickets to the O in December. Traditionally Priscilla's always placed well in European shows and since she's so well rested from not competing all year long, you'd imagine that would be a good case here too. So if she comes in anywhere close to 100% I see her as a lot to place in the top three. We'll be now the economist and not seem to let use his what he calls the Black Swan Theory to describe rare events that occur beyond the normal realm of expectations. According to the teleb, when a Black Swan event does occur, the impact is usually catastrophic. But when we look back at hindsight we probably could have seen a coming if we paid attention to the signs. So if you apply to Leb's theory to what might happen in the classic physique division this year, I think it raises the possibility of a former title holder like Brianna Ansley coming back to her redemption. Think about it. In the brief history of classic physique there's never been a time when someone has lost the title only to come back and win it again later, which makes it beyond the normal realm of expectations. But because he has the championship precedent, if he does win in hindsight it's something we should have seen coming. Add that to the fact that Brianna's nickname is the Black Swan and it all lines up on paper. So four months from now if this ends up being the way it plays out, don't say we didn't warn you. For the most part, boxing powerlifting and strongman don't have a whole lot in common. Over the fact that you can't fake being good at them for too long before your opponents figure out what's going on. But since Hap Thorb your and since already mastered two out of the three, you have to think that it won't be long until he adds the sweet science of Pugilism to his repertoire. A few days ago Thor's team released a new video of him working on his one-two combo and preparation for his upcoming battle with Eddie Hall. Now to his credit, even though his jab looks like it's in slow motion, Thor's definitely dropped a few pounds over the last few months, which has to help with his hand speed and footwork. But word on the street is that Eddie Hall looks like a complete savage in the gym. So we'll have to do a whole lot more than slow walk his way through the two punch combo if you want to avoid getting his butt kicked in front of a huge paper view audience. And that does if you had another edition of Muscle in the Morning on the Ape Lumball reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.