10 and 9 You're not an unworthy who? There ready for two guys who can't handle the truth The truth you can't handle the true word we can't be Lumball Chris Asito Orangemuscle.com presents Every muscle What are you? Watch us! Welcome to another episode of Heavy Muscle Radio on the Pulumbo I'm joined by the technician Chris Asito on August 13, 2018 Evening in the Chris Another big weekend in the bodybuilding world Maybe not so big but we had some pro show Action obviously A lot of people don't realize that From this point on after the Tampa Pro show last week There's no more qualifications for the 2018 Mr. Olympia Everything is now for 2019 So whoever wins things like this past weekend and thus forward Even though it's before the Olympia still don't qualify them for this Olympia Do you like that roller or is that not good? No because I actually gave him Someone I was helping one the classic this week Jason And I thought I thought he was going to the Olympia But I know I'm hearing from him From Jason Low that he's not going to the Olympia till 2019 Now I understand why they're doing it because you know Look they need to have a month to book flights and get everyone old Oh he'll ride his bicycle out there Yeah, but that's why they're making me cut off at a certain point But you know what I don't like it because it used to be exciting back in the day You know remember people would qualify but week before the Olympia Oh yes It's not going to happen anymore It would be the tremendous to like a last minute all the time Yeah it was fun I mean come on I mean there's not that many people that I guess with you know You can have 40 divisions in a show and you know It's become more than just one person qualify Plus now with the point system it screws everything up And they can't figure out who's going to be going and not going So I understand why they do it But it's whatever It's a little lengthy, cool notic But I guess you know it is what it is You know the rules ahead of time and you know Hey look the temperature last qualification So and that's the way it goes So but we'll talk about this shows as past week This is coming in a minute I want to do definitely an hour so that the I will be going to the Olympia This year for sure Redcon one an Aaron segment will be sponsoring our coverage So I will be out there haven't booked a flight or anything yet But we do have a few other best possible answers So you don't want to get too big with the Olympia We do have press passes that's a good sign for us though If you have anything released with speed because you used to have I still have some here that Aaron's like like guy used to send me Wanting and I think blackstone I haven't even case I have to pull an all night Chris right over taking a multi-vitamin in 20 years No I believe they cause skin cancer Yeah I've never seen Chris anything you know Remote we bought I've been taking a vitamin in like you know 20 years I know I just said that and I was obviously pretty accurate and I didn't even realize it So yeah it is what it is I get all the polyphenols I need from the Capyp coffee beans Yeah poly canoix Poly canoix You see you know Sid who works for us obviously suit for Rookie My co-host in a couple shows He will be out of the team let me do but he just he's very excited I have to announce that he has softball team won the world whatever the championship I don't know what to it's so funny I always find the whole softball thing so funny But you know people to get into there these leagues that they do you know these softball Yeah a lot of these leagues also though they'll recruit like these ex You know major league baseball players to play these things too It's like very very competitive Especially in New York and I guess there's like 6,000 leagues Sid's team won the league won the championship so he was all the same They won the league championship for the world series Now whatever the one ever whatever the one I don't know the long I don't championship Whatever it is let me look to see what he said What position does Sid play Chris you asked let me guess let me guess Alright let's first you I don't think you'll guess but let me you go first base No, I thought he would be there what's the the guy of the worst position they put him in right field usually Um well that's the worst player I'm just kidding I didn't think so it was the worst player but let me see how long he sent me this pretty funny No, I think it first base because that needs to mix every play Right right right You know I don't even know what's his capabilities are as an athlete to you No I don't that's why first base you just catch you don't have to do much you just cold the glove up He said we won our softball championship today whatever that means they have leagues on one And they're pretty competitive so I'm sure they they were good so I said so I asked him I said what position do you play I said that's the first question I asked him just you and me think the same because I'm thinking I don't know what Sid plays with position so he said he was originally a short stop He said until I literally lost all athletic abilities because I'm going to back to the gym tomorrow So he reinvented himself as a picture he said oh my what is his slow pitch when you do the mob? I'm sure it is yeah, and he said he said he had the best e-r-a in league history this season So he must have knuckleballs and something a stiffball I think it's I think it's the team playing behind the pitch that really makes the pitch a bad good You know because people hit the ball every single time I would think right? Well if it's I don't know if he's throwing a super slow if you know if if he's throwing if it's not fast pitch softball and it's slow pitch Yeah, and he's throwing a super slow knuckleball That's like a bug spun a you can't even you know it floats in the air. It's like trying to hit a balloon There was a picture who used to pitch like they remember Yeah He had a brother his game was he played for the pod race he paid for the roll of fingers. Was it no? No, it was Famous knuckleball Not a film negro not negro Yeah, he grew or gamewood Perry rather, but not them there was a guy in the through the ball in the air It was a it was a long time ago before I died, you know It was like lobbed up in the air and it would come down and it was very hard to pit I don't remember, I'm sure one of our listeners will remind I don't know. I'm just like knuckleball pitchers. Do you remember Marc Feasier? I should talk to the ball. Yeah the bird, right? Yeah the bird Take out stock to the Call the news, talk to the weights before he get on the Yeah, like weights Yep you you you you you you you you you Yep you you you Recallants posted an article online that some of this guy from Jersey the staff there His license was taken away. For, they said he was indiscriminately prescribing steroids to undercover investigators posing as bodybuilders. He had a Kevin Curtis agreed to surrender his license to practice medicine and surgery. The state attorney general's office said yesterday. Physicians who indiscriminately prescribed dangerous drugs for profit are no better than street corner drug dealers. And we will do everything we can to protect our communities from such danger going into the attorney general. Yeah, parks, so you can get parks like, you know, kill like it's candy cane. Can you believe what they're, they're busting this fucking guys balls because he was legally prescribing antibiotics. You know, not even antibiotics like testosterone replacement. He wasn't like writing like cycles for these guys. He's awaiting sentencing scheduled to November 15th this poor freaking guy. You got a jail. Yeah. When I was in jail, there was a lot of dentists that were in there for oxy cotton prescription writing. Dentists. Because they were all, you know, he was a addict too. So he was selling prescriptions. Oh, yeah, to keep him to pay for his flow. He was giving prescriptions to friends to fill and then they were giving him back the drugs. Yeah. The whole bit crazy. Other doctors that lost their licenses or had their license to revoke the according to the state, they list the, the, the, you're all just to plead guilty and genuine to writing illegal prescriptions for oxy codone. Uh, and then build Medicare and Medicaid for it. Another guy from Kate May. Uh, he was writing oxy codones, annexed an animal. That a medical purpose. He agreed to retire. He was 74 this guy. Another doctor. She was doing hormone replacement in estrogen. They said she didn't comply with regulations. It's so disc, you know what, I'm so happy people always asked me, did you regret not being a doctor? I said, you know what, who the fuck hell needs it? Because I wanted to be a doctor that was on the cutting edge of prescribing things that you know, preventative medicine type stuff. And I would have, they would have been all over me probably. I would have had these guys on my back and they would have been trying to revoke my license and I would have to be fighting them in court. Who the hell wants to be bothered with that man? That's not even fun to be a doctor anymore. You got to, if you, that's what really turned me off to being physician. I got to be honest with you, Chris, all they do is push pills for for for symptoms. And they do nothing for preventative medicine. And you know what, they're all afraid to do anything for preventative medicine because it's not in the book. And if something goes wrong or some guy decides to get into sue them, now they have a freaking lie, now they're fighting like for their life and for their livelihood because you know, they're doing stuff that, you know, is off-label, you know, you know, the best way to put it. Look at the poor whatever his name is, um, a mad, like, remember a Bruce Nathor? Bruce Nathor? He would happen to him. He was one of the guys and you were so guys who had done a lot of the gynecromaccia surgeries. He wasn't a great surgeon, but he was very, you know, forward thinking. He would, he would do surgeries that a lot of the plasticers were going to. And he was making money. He decided why he decided to do this. I don't know. He decided to start doing one more replacement before any moment doing it. Growth hormone testosterone placement. He was a plant, he was a plastic surgeon. And he was prescribing it. And I guess he got caught or they, you know, New York is a pain in the ass. It's very, very, a lot of, you know, strict laws there. They've revoked his license. He knew that to kill his wife. He was very, very well known. Oh, I know. You know, it's funny because my sister was running hair removal clinics. It was lazy hair removal clinics at the time. And they were renting his office space in his office. So I used to do them very well. And Bruce's wife would run the office. It was one of the office managers. And so when they took his license away, the guy was like devastated. He moved to California. And they were trying to personal train people. Imagine going from being a physician to personal training. And I guess they just weren't making any money. And it was going downhill. They killed themselves. I think I think his wife did too. They committed suicide. Oh my goodness. I didn't know that. I didn't know that. I know the name very well because maybe how long goes that's has got. So use the nicest guy too. Yeah, I used to see my shows. Right? They blew their brains out of everything. terrible. All because and I blamed it on the eye blaming on the New York state. I was doing, you know, don't harm to anyone. Wasn't right. Why didn't you just stay with the, uh, I don't know. I don't know. People get people get nuts. Who knows? They mean, it was easy money. If I don't start. Because he was started using it himself. And he, oh, I think he got big after one. Yeah, remember he started believing it. He was very, very, very into the whole longevity. And this was before was a little more accepted to it. Yeah. And he said screw it, man. I'm going to start writing growth on one prescriptions and prescribing. Because I really believe in this. You know, but the medical board doesn't care what you believe. They only care what they believe in. And they took his license away. Yeah, said. But that's, you know, that and that's what these doctors, if I, and that's why, you know, you go to your doctor and you're, these people are cursing their doctor. I can't believe we wouldn't do this. He wouldn't write me the description. They're afraid. You know, they don't want to lose their livelihood. They have to, they have families to support and bills to pay. These, I don't blame them. You know, they spent hundreds of thousands on med school. It took them 10 years before they were able to make any money. After going to school, me and everyone else has been out working for 10 years. And they don't want to lose it. And that's, that's what, that's what medical school and the whole medical association is, is doing to the doctors. It's making them scared to, to, to really be creative and to act, you know, how they really want to. And they're making them into little robots. And so robots don't, don't do anything. They don't do any good for the society. Yeah. The only guys that are really, I think who really shine, I like the orthopedic surgeons and the surgeons because the surgeons kind of have a little bit more carpalonched to, to do creative stuff. If you think about it because they're kind of creating new protocols and something to add for joint replacements and all the other stuff that are doing heart surgeries. But anything outside the box, like in terms of keeping people healthier or, you know, doing stuff that's maybe off label with drug prescriptions, they will eat you alive. And it only takes one person. You can help 6,000 people all who think you're God, you're Jesus Christ. And one person doesn't like, you know, the outcome of something that happened or doesn't like you and they complain through the medical board and you lose your license. Yeah. It's crazy. That's, I should've done a rant, that's my rant. Well, my rant. To preview your game, right? You get more and done this week. Another, another ridiculous study came out about saying there's no benefit from fish oil. No benefit from taking fish oil. How big time it takes you to a substance in 20 years? I can't figure out what to take and what not to take. I don't even understand how these people, you know, it's so irresponsible because you get 6,000. Let's go back to that another 6,000 positive, you know, studies about how fish oil is good for your heart and all this stuff. And I mean, the science is there, obviously. And then you get one study that shows this. And what did you see the study this week about, it said, I think the government put it on and said, we should double our salt and take. I'd been saying that for years. I'm serious, did you see that? No, I didn't. No. There's a study out that said, not we could double our salt, but you can safely and actually it is a benefit too, increase in your sodium. I've been saying that for years. I've been seeing what people are taking from, you know, refining food diets. I've been saying that for years. I think there's nothing wrong with consuming salt. Assuming that you don't have congestive heart failure. Yeah. That was the only caveat. It doesn't cause congestive heart failure. But if you have congestive heart failure, you obviously have problems with water retention. So you're not going to eat a lot of salt. But eating salt, especially for bodybuilds, I've talked, we talked about this. You should be downing tons of sodium so that when you pull it out at the last minute, something actually happens in your body. If you're always restricting sodium, the whole diet, then your sodium sets it, and it's really hard to get rid of excess water at the end. It just makes sense and it's all out of gastroenteralyden. You know how the gastroenterologist's sodium intake in the body. And if you don't have a lot of it, you have you, to high-end gastroenteralybles. And so that's never going to let you get rid of water. If you eat salt all the time, you're all lost, you're going to be loved. I mean, if I had stand-at-fitting on it, we did a great interview. If anyone has caught that interview with stand-at-fitting, it's really, it's really entertaining and informative. And he was saying, you know, he's a big advocate or a vet too. We both agree on that. Just he believes in sodium loading, like before you go to the gym, because that really super hydrates your body. You know, because it'll allow you to hold fluids. Because a lot of times, if you're eating low carbs, it's hard to hold water on your body. Which is, you think is a positive event, but it's really not for athletic performance purposes. You know, because if you're even five or six percent dehydrated, your exercise performance goes down by almost 20 percent. So, you know, hydration is huge. Not totally good. Not totally good, you know, 100 percent right. Anyway, so this stupid, stupid study. They say, well, you can't prove it. The official does anything. So, therefore, it's probably that doesn't warrant you taking it. You've got to prove it. You can't prove it. You can't prove freaking zero benefit. It even says this study. Well, you can't, you can't prove zero benefit or zero risk. But our statistics indicate people just more on. Someone else sent me this thing. He's a study on a bodybuilder who was 60 years old who got a heart enlargement after heavy testosterone, snake hole. And it didn't experiment he was doing with stem cells. The guy was injecting himself with stem cells. I don't even know where he was getting him from. Oh my god. Ridiculous. What are Ridiculous? Frick him. You read the study you'd throw up. I'm not even going to it. The thing he was injecting stem cells. It's a quasi-sauce. What the fuck? First of all, I'd love to know where he was getting all these stem cells from. They're really expensive. And maybe robbed the fucking stem cell way up or something like that. Can you imagine that? Unbelievable. You have the same thing if you inject stem cells into your muscles now that the could possibly increase muscle size. Well, I just sound so like, and it sounds like, I don't know, sounds like one step beyond growth. And why not? I don't think people would do it. I mean, I can't say you think about it if you damage. If you go in train, legs real hard, then you inject stem cells into your legs. Would you grow new muscle? Maybe you would. There you go. I'm giving you guys a freaking, it's going to be my next, I'm going to do a separate video about that. I skip my heart. I'm not sizing. Get his opinion on it. Yeah, let himself. Boston, go and check six million, a million stem cells into your body every day. Think about that. That's the next thing people will be selling. That's what I said. That sounds great. Think about that. I wonder if it's illegal. Are they going to say, well, this is a prescription only. Like, if you decide to grow your own stem cells and make it a little lab in your house, the back room, forget sinful. Just inject stem cells into your arms, right? All day long. Yeah, I'm injecting three CCs of stem cells. You know what's going to happen, Chris? They're going to figure out a way to make them really cheap and grow these things. People have fish tanks in their house. They're going to have a fish tank for stem cells. Meas and animal stem cells. You buy a little bit. You get how you buy seeds. If seed you're lawn, you buy a couple of sample vials of stuff. You put them in this like, broth and a fish tank like in your house. You just breathe these things and then you just bottle them and you start selling them. Well, I'll be sure you have to keep them. Sure, you start selling fake stem cells. Of course, not sure they were. Absolutely. Or dead stem cells. Then after make like a, how I can have the right test, I don't have to have a stem cell. I don't have a stem cell. Step cell. Test kit to make sure the stem cells is still viable. Think about that. Certainly we increase potential to get bigger. Might not be a bad idea. People injecting stem cells, you know, now into their pet, scalp to grow hair. But I haven't seen any evidence yet to prove that it really works. Believe me, I'll be, I'll be going to the stem cell. That's one thing I'll spend my money on. I'll definitely get stem cells injected into my scalp if it grew hair. Forget about it. I mean, you got good hair. You don't care, but that's something I would try. No doubt. I know people that have had stem cells like infused it through an IV into their body. Like thinking that wherever they have a damaged organs, that these stem cells would just migrate to and just start repairing them. It's possible. You know, I guarantee in the future they'll be doing precise like micro injections of stem cells into the various organs and stuff like that, repair, even the brain may be, you know, like, I know they were experimenting with that with Parkinson's patients. We weren't trying to inject stem cells into the substantiate nigra, you know, portion of the brain with the substantiate nigra cells that produce which produce the dopamine. Because that's in Parkinson's, those cells die for some reason. And they can repopulate those, then, you know, they could potentially cure the Parkinson's. I know it wasn't too successful 20 years ago, but I got to believe that we're probably at a much better place now to do that. You know, they can do it in diabetics. They can replace here your beta-pacratics cells. The problem of diabetics is they have an automobile immune disease so that what happens is the immune system destroys the cells after they regenerate. So it's important. You have to keep taking the stem cells or that. Well, they've got to see around a way to suppress the immune system. It's suppressed that one, that one immune cell that happens to be going crazy and destroying the pancreas, you know, the one immune cell. I don't say do that. I think diabetics will be cured. I think we already have to take an allergy to cure it. We just don't know how to stop the immune system. Autoimmune diseases are big in this country, you know, now they've really between rheumatoid arthritis and renaud syndrome and soagreens and, I mean, you see, speaking about all immune and diseases, did you see the company that makes round up with suit for $289 million? What's round up? That's a weak killer I use. Oh, I thought it was the bed bug killer. No round up is said, you won't use round up? Who knows, you think I do it? I don't do anything myself and Cardinal who does it. I don't know what they do. What do they spray for weed? Round up is the great. You spray it on weeds and they die. Oh, they do. And why they having problems with that? I got it. I got it. Apparently it causes cancer. My mother-in-law told me never used round up. Of course it does. What do they expect? It kills fucking all the. Look, they cockroaches have lived since the dinosaurs. We can't get rid of these fucking things. If we find a spray that kills them, don't you think a kid's going to kill everyone? Of course it is. Yeah. But kills a cockroach. You don't want it any way. You're freaking food, you're your kids or anything you're breat. Because guaranteed it will kill you. It might not do it today, but it will do it in five or ten years from now without a doubt. I see also new news that New Jersey talking about outdoors stuff like round up. New Jersey now has flying ticks. Flying ticks. Round up. Fly. Hmm. Do they carry these? They apparently, well the flying tick comes from Asia. Don't they? Don't know. Don't know. That's all the terrible bugs come from Asia. It's pretty. It's the tick from Asia that flies has made it found very attractive. The New Jersey tick. Oh, really? So they cross the cross mating in the little time. But it pairs that the new flying New Jersey tick does not carry diseases like the native tick, the New Jersey. Oh. So what does that mean? Ticks are insane in me now. I mean it used to be like, oh you hear someone get tick or lime disease. No, they're everywhere. Do these new ones, these flying ones carry lime? No, it pairs at the flying, the new flying. Yeah. So off-breed, off spring, what have we called it? The grandchildren. Don't carry disease. Oh, that's good. Maybe that'll be fine. If we ever, I always kid David and say I'm dense here. I always kid and say a kid about flying bed bugs. That would be terrible because then they could grab. Because once I went with the, I went once with the bed bug company and I was like, Dave was like, I was walking through like a minefield or something. A literal like minefield like if you and I were out like a war zone. I didn't get a step on anything. He said, they're not, you know what the guy? He said, what's the matter? I said, I want to get a bed bug. He said they're not Mexican jumping peas. They don't just jump on you. You have to get into a bed or lie on a couch. When I'm in a room, when I think that a house or something, it's invested with anything or if I think I have anything in my house, the itching that starts and soos on my body is not, you could take 40 showers. I couldn't stop pitching. It's crazy. I went to the end of court recently. I wouldn't sit down because I was afraid that it was your fiction court. I was afraid that they might be a dead dog somewhere. Right. Pick them up when they're addicted to tenants. Yeah. Without a death. Let's talk about this San Antonio Pro show. It took place this past weekend. It was a classic physique. You helped the winner. Jason Low. We look good. So consistency. What was he in Tampa? He was second in Tampa. I think. Yeah. He was third in Tampa. Third. Right. And he was, I think he was 11th at the Arnold. And then he got 5th at a show, 4th at a show, 3rd at a show. And then 1 this show. And I told him from running into the Arnold. All you need to do is find the right show and you will absolutely win a minute. In other words, you know, you just picked the right show. Right. I mean, last week in Tampa was a 50 person line up. No, it was really good. Fam to come in third was like a big win. It's win. I think in other shows, they didn't really quite know what to do. I'm not with the Arnold. To me, Jason looks like a bodybuilder. Good bodybuilder. This commissioning is freaking crazy. Yeah, I just said, did I just say like they didn't want to do with them? Yeah. I don't think it's some of the shows. They knew quite what to do with them. Like the last who running into Tampa. So not the Tampa show. Right. But the previous two, like I've looked at pictures and say, Jesus, I think you could have been first. And I think, well, these guys had classical lines too. And taller. And so, you know, I can see where this judge or whatever. You know, I can see where they might have had this guy. He had a B.U. Because I thought in a lot of ways, he looks like a bodybuilder. And you know, if he didn't want to show that she had, he was thinking very much, and moving up to 2012. I think he'd be a good two-to-all guy. I mean, he's really tight. I mean, he's got great legs, crazy conditioning. But so he'll be, he'll be in next year's Olympic. I mean, 2019. He said he didn't make getting it up points, and then we're all because he only did one show. I don't know. He didn't do enough show. I don't know where he landed on the point thing. Is there a point something somewhere where I can see that? Let me look at the point. I'm going to look at the points right now. Where do you find a point thing? I mean, PC name, let's see classic classic classic classic. There ain't no, I'm listed. And then it's physique. I'm here at this classic, see. So it's divine Wilson. Aaron Lennon, all more Batista, David Patrick, and Chen Kang from China. There's actually a tie. I go to a union from Russia too. So I don't know who actually is going. One, two, three, four, five. It's the fifth and sixth person or tied. So I don't know. It's funny. The sixth person, it says Russia. Oh, I've been able to, I see they have all the countries next to. Okay. Crazy. A lot of guys in class, the qualifier, the Olympia, I'll give you that much. Yeah, how many people they total? No, no, no, Ferguson, Brianna, and Sleak, Chris Bumstead, George Peterson, Arash, Danny Hester, Robert Thames, Estatimal, Medi, Lorani, Matteo, deep line. Hi, who, courage, or parah, Danny Union, Hithemel Siddik, Steve Lourius, Peter Duper, reading rhymes, Ellie Shem Sharhar, Terence Ruffin. I'm laughing up, I'm looking at the Brazil, David Har. Classic, just people, you know, the classic, I hope they, I hope they. I know people can say I'm full of crap because I help Reagan and they're going to say he's a bodybuilder, but I'm looking, there's people winning classic shows, not in the US. Who are not plastic in anybody? Yeah. Panacee Pierre, Wesley Visters, Khalid, Chikawi, and then you have the top, those top five guys out. It's going to be a great lineup, I get an issue. It's going to be a really, really good lineup this year. Should be exciting to check this out. I'm excited to see it. I think it's probably the the freshest thing to have that because you never know who's going to win, whereas bodybuilder, he's kind of like tied up, right? Yeah. Let's see who else, bikini was one by Monica Ellis, or you look, I'm still totally right, classic. Jason Lowland's Fabio, Lopes, or Lopez, or second. I don't know much about him. I thought he had really good legs. Good conditioning. It seemed like it was a conditioning show. That's what he said. The best ones in the world. They got a secondless peel too. Nobody wasn't really a classic either. You know what I mean? No. He's not really a small arms. Usually class, the guys have the big arms, but he's shredded his guy. I always tell people, like you never know who's going to show up. Sometimes he shows it are not good. That's why conditioning always trumps everything else. No pun intended on the trump. Jason Martinez third. I don't know much about him. David Boy, fifth. He's not a guy, but shred. Every single person in the top five is shredded. The one, Jones, fifth place. He's got a big scar down this abdomen. Really, you must have some serious surgery. Gotta get the story on that. I like stories. Human interest is really what people get inside of that. That's what people like stories. Tony Davis, guy I helped six boys. You know, I always tell people when you give me a speech if you don't know. You're going to talk about just a story. You know, even if you don't even know what you're talking about. That's the YouTube mantra. I mean, YouTube is successful because people just talk on there. And that's the people like to hear. They like to hear people talking. And in bond wins men's physique, Devon Lindner, second-ash when Lucas III, colleague Courtney fourth, and Jeremy Grant fifth, the Keeney one by Monica Ellis, Amy Landry second, and Taliarichards, Nelly Richards third, Joey Riley fourth, Mia Sanchez fifth, and congratulations to the San Antonio people, all the winners. I've had a lot of masters of that. I don't understand the whole master's thing with these brochures because they don't qualify for anything. I like Gary's thing. I like how Gary holds it. The North American, the masters, world championships. What he does is he charges an application thing. We talked about this before. But you win prize money. So it's kind of like paying into the system. You pay in some application money. It's a game life. But yeah, right, if you win, you get it back. Plus some. So I can't wait. It's just, it's good. It's a good idea. At least it makes it exciting for the masters people. Because otherwise, if you go to a show, you get a trophy as a master's pro. And that kind of boring. Yeah. So, because what it is, let's see what else. Oh, now let's go on this past weekend. Oh, the Brazil shows that were you talking about? Yeah, the guys look a little big for. But that was only, that was amateur. Yeah, you too. But they still look big in the classic. Big, like. Yeah, it was classic physique. You're right. There was classic physique pro. Chen Kang won from China. So good. So hard. Nick Comboura. How come all these Iranian guys can go into every country for the US? Because they don't say death to Brazil. They say death to America. That's true. Yeah, so I made a board of Iranian and other Iranian six second and third. It was a week. It was a very, very, very class. I wonder why no Americans went down. I would have gone down. If I was a, I would have gone down to Brazil. Yeah, people go to Americans haven't taken it all yet. That they can compete at these shows anywhere. I mean, well, when you have, you know what the problem is? They had the San Antonio show the same day. So I mean, it's like, but if I was trying to figure out how to get a qualification. Yeah, I mean, it might be, but who view to like take a trip down there? And sometimes, you know, you don't go down there because the judge is different, you know, and they, they, you know, they judge differently. So I guess, you know, it's a, it's a pretty big financial investment to have to go to Brazil to compete. Yeah. Then, it was equal to one of my Carlos Day, Oliver, from Brazil, pretty much all of the resilience. Edvin, Palmeira, second, and it was the name, right in the third. So it's basically our Indians and Brazilians. They had a pro bikini, Elisra Pesini, where we know the terrific Brazilians bikini competitor. She wins. So this is, I think, a John Lindsay show. John Lindsay muscle contest, Brazil. He's spreadin' out his wings all over the world now. I know Tamarale, good to you, is orchestrating all this, but, hey, you know what? I love it. It's a great idea. Why not? We're sent to be on these people on Brazil and they come up the stage. I don't know. I don't know if anyone's probably interviewing at all. Who has the time? They're too busy, they're, they work to try to get the show over with. Showing the things so long, right? They get, you don't get any of you. You're lucky. You're lucky. We have a show here, you know? Just for those people who have been asking me about when the next, the secrets that becoming a diger, of course is, you're holding it in a Cape Corolla, Florida on October 20th at Saturday, October 20th, you guys have to sign up at Davepalumbo.com. There's limited seating for some reason. I don't know, this is always a busy, this course is always a busy one. The October one. And I've had a lot of million people asking me about it. If don't wait, I'm telling you guys, I know a lot of you out there have been asking me about it. You better sign up because I don't want to hear anyone complaining if I run out of space. Because this one's usually a popular one. I think people don't like to do that to the courses over the summer because they're like, it's a dieting for shows and the vacationing. But then once this full comes around, everyone's like trying to educate themselves and figure out how to make money. Because they spent all their money over the summer, you know? It's tough in this day and age to make a living, you know, for us. It's, you know, it's just... I just want to work. We were talking about that earlier. Well, that, and just think, I mean, it's tough to make a living because things are so expensive. And it's just right into a father of my son's friend's father. He's got a heating and a condition in business. You know, he works 60 hours a week because he's got a lot of kids. 70 hours a week. You know, people say, I work 60, 60, he says, no, no, no. I'm out of the house 70 hours a week at work. Sure. He's got five kids. You know, the funny thing is that you and I probably work more than that. Just because we're in our house, we, we, we, we, we realize we're working that much. But like how we know, right? We don't work that much. It's done thinking, well, I worked like 18 hours a day. So well, how is every day? Seven days a week. What does that add up to the 80 to four hours? Then you just do it all over again the next day. Yeah. Yeah. Well, just one day, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Wait, wait, wait. It's one day blends into the next day. Yeah, we know it is. I'm like, I'm so happy, like, at three, 30, the morning when I finally answered that last email. And I know as soon as I shut my computer down, I'll have 10 more emails, but it doesn't matter. Like, I've caught up to the day. Yeah. When I finally catch up and do the last email, I'm like, all right, I can go to sleep. Well, there is no real catching up. Yeah. It's like the post office. It's the never stops the mail. So I'll go upstairs now, you know, to get before getting the better going to the bathroom, I'll see the toilet, whatever. And I'll look at my phone, which is the worst thing because now, now I see 10 more emails. Because now I'm like, all right, fuck, let me just get these 10 emails. I can't go to sleep, but conscience is knowing that there's nothing waiting for me. Which there always is because, you know, I help people all the world. Like, I'm sure you do. We're going to sleep there already while they're waking up. So it's never ending. It's never ending work. You know, it's just even when I get to a point that we usually do a lot of recording on Tuesdays, Wednesdays, sometimes Thursdays, or TV recording. So I'm like, don't let that on like, oh, they got it. I get the weekend now. But it never stops. Monday comes in and it's like, shh, it's starting to roll up. And I got to start just thinking, oh, who am I going to get the interview? What do we got to get on the thing? It's like, never stops. It's like, you know, I don't have people, you know, say it helps a little bit, you know, pretty much. I get the, I get a lot of the people myself, we're going to interview for the show. Are they contact me? But I'm always setting up schedules and I have all these little notes all of them. I don't write notes down anymore when paper I have in my phone. All right, this guy had two o'clock, this guy had three o'clock. And of course, I don't remember anything. I don't go back and check it. I'm like, I tell these people, text me in the morning of the interview, or my auntie. Yeah. It's amazing. We get all the interviews. We do it. It really is because, um, you did that. Did you get Henry P. other's week? Yeah, we did. Luckily these people actually want to be interviewed by me. That's a good sign. Yeah. You know, I heard that big Rami's no longer on the contract. Did you know that? No, I didn't know that. Yeah. I thought it was a good. No, with, uh, with, uh, am I? Well, there's no shingles in my animal. Well, they still have some, they still do have some contracts. And it fills that under their contract number. But I know there's a couple of people that still are, but. Rod, you get fill, when you get fill out. I am. I'm working. I'm going to set up a minute of sending, uh, an email and gives my, he, he, he basically wants to see what kind of questions I'm going to ask me to. I don't have a card. It's okay. Sorry. And, uh, what about Rami? What are you, Rami? I was going to tell you. Let me text him right now. Hold on. I'll actually get a live. Tell me what to interview before the, Okay. Hold on. Let's see. And tell me that's nothing to do with body, but I just want to know about, like, fishing and stuff like that. I don't really want to know. I want to know about, like, what do you, when you used to fish back in, in Egypt? Okay. Hold on. It's all right. Kim, Tom, welcome. Tell me what you even talked about to your one bit. Not even a stream. He wants to interview you. The topics about, What, what, what, what are we getting on here? The most, the most popular fish to catch in in Egypt, you know, fishing and fish. I'll just some fishing, it's just favorite topic. I know. I know. And even ask me about it. That's why I got to ask about it. I'm going to do a whole show on the head of catch. He's probably doing cardio. Let's see how long it takes him. See, Ronnie, Ronnie actually has a skill. How many body balls I think it's, say, they actually have a skill. This guy, if body building ended tomorrow from he can go back and he can become a commercial fisherman probably and then make a good living for himself. He's obviously going to be different. He's content. But I'm saying he can, he can feed his family that way. I mean, that's, there's four seconds he hasn't returned. Maybe, maybe he's texting beta. Beta. Priced just text me. Said. Take what's anime. You mean. Well, no, I'll let you know if he responds. Yeah, I'll tell him to tell beta. I know interesting talking about the L.D. or body building or anything. Magic mirror is enough. And I just wanted to talk about fishing with him. That's it. It's all interested in pretty much. You know, I did a rant, you know, day on different testosterone esters. Yeah. Suspension propane and anti-sipping. And I, you know, I basically included. After, to what 30 years of knowing about steroids. Yeah. They're all the same. And there's no difference. Well, testosterone is just having to say. Well, how can we make an absorbent. We have to get up the long ones because the water. Right? Yeah, the difference is that everyone's taking the short acting ones every day or every other day. So it's the same water. It's, it's, it's, it's no water. You know, it's, it's, it's testosterone. It doesn't matter. I mean, I, I don't understand the water. Like, people don't understand that you can get, if you have no fat on your body, then water disappears really easily. You know, when you stop drinking, the energy, the energy, the energy, the direct. So it's just, the whole thing is, if the people just don't know anything about anything, it is, is the problem. And so I want to explain my life. Double-day, because I like it nothing about nothing about that. The problem is that we all were, we're brainwashed. And even today, people brainwashed people that you have to use, like you said, certain esters, it's two times the year. And it's just not, that's just not the case. Because you and I know the one guy, we always know that that one guy from the gym that said they competed on like two, two, C, C's, it testosterone a week. And that was it. They never took another drug. And they looked at a major drug. They were destroying people on stage, you know. Yeah, just I have no money. Just two, C, C's, it testosterone a week, you know. You know, that guy or the guy who took a half an anodrol day, you know, for six weeks before it's shown. He looks like he could win the Olympia. There was a lot of those guys back in the 80s and 90s, you know, there was a lot of it. All the time. It's just, you know, there's a huge genetic component. There's a huge component of how hard are you trained and how do you eat? And the bottom line is that it's not that difficult, guys. It is nothing that complicated. If someone makes it that complicated for you, I remember I was doing, I think I had to get who I was filming. I was filming someone in the supermarket. And we were buying food. And I forgot, I don't want to say I know who was coaching them. I don't want to say because he's going to have a nervous breakdown. I probably can guess I can get it. Yeah, he could. And he was making him eat like white rice at one meal and the next meal he had to do brown rice. And then another meal he had to do, keen one and then he had to go back to white rice. And there was some ridiculous explanations. This was in the same day. It wasn't like, you know, all right, off season. I do brown rice, well, because they're white rice. It was like the same repertoire. Like it was so complicated on my guys. I said this guy. I said, it's just not this complicated. I don't, he's like, yeah, I'm just listening to him because he's telling me what to do. I said he's making complicated because he wants you to think that he's smarter than you are. And he's really not. Let me, can I guess, can I, can I text it to you? Yeah, text it to me. Okay. You know, I'm going to guess it right. It's not the white car and the dry car person. No, I know that. No, I know that. Kristen, I have all these, you know, before the show started. I guess it, you were right. You were right. You're right. Great. But for Chris, I started the show. I was just telling me before we start the show. Well, the time we always talk and my, and my recording program, on the Mac, it records. When we're soon to Skype, it's up. I said, Chris, man, if we ever released the show before the show, it would be way, way more popular. And we'd also be together better. We'll be ban for life from everything. And everyone. They get's not some, not mostly, but all of the, potentially devastating gossip. Like if you want to like blackmail people, people think I have a big, people think I have a big mouth. I don't tell anyone anything. You know, I don't say anything. Listen, the off the record stuff that you hear, that people tell you that you don't call that they text you. They email you. You know what a lot of it is to, because they want you to open up a mouth to and say, of course, because they don't do it. Of course, they want me to spill the beans. I don't say anything because I think it's humorous, but I'd love to talk about it because it's so, it's so juicy a lot of the stuff, but it's, it doesn't serve any purpose, obviously, but other than to be a TMZ type of thing. And that's not what I'm trying to do. We're trying to be teach people stuff, and we're trying to like, an analyze stuff. Yeah, I mean if someone, if I see someone doing something that's not right, I'm going to point it out. I'm all about injustice, you know, exposing injustices, speaking of which, who was the competitor that candy with? Oh, forget it. I'm telling you, you know, I, people, you know, obviously the empathy in assholes is coming up now, right after the Olympian, you know, remember, people, yeah, people, you know, I have a lot of clients and there people ask me, am I going to go into the show and I'm like, no, I'm not going to go into the show because Steve Carroll. I'll go. Well, you can go, you want to. I won't go to the show anymore because I, oh, Steve Carroll. Yeah, even if I, I'm sure they'd give me presents. Oh, okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'd be thinking, but I don't want to go. I won't go because I said, what are you, you know. I'm not going to the show because I'm not going to deal with Steve. I don't even want to look at Steve Carroll's miserable face. I shouldn't have to even waste my time doing that. So, it's a shame because they do like the nationals. And I think it's a great show and I like to see everyone last show of the year, but I won't be, I'm not going to go at a principle. I'm boycotting it. I'm not boycotting it with my athletes, I'm boycotting it with myself because it's the athletes get treated. You know, well, they don't really get treated that great, but at least it's a terrific show to be able to, you know, turn pro at it and something like that. One of these days they'll get rid of Steve Carroll, and they'll get a real promoter in there, which is pretty much anyone else. Anyone else can do a better job than him. And that's it. I'm not going to even bring it up anymore. I'm just telling them, I'm like, going, what else do I want to talk about? Did you see my interview? Oh, yeah, the interview with Henry Pio, Pierre and I, I was up already. I'm surprised you haven't seen it. I've been tuning in yet. No. You're behind. I know. Kids. I did a great show with Iron Raid with Lee Priest also. People should check out. It was on ridiculous, fair diets. Speaking of which, Lee is really funny. I gotta say, Lee missed his calling and life. He should have been a comedian. He wouldn't have been, you haven't seen the Steven Wright type like comedians, like the real offbeat humor. That's the kind of stuff he's got. He would be great. He just sees all the crazy shit that people do and he just notices it, you know? And none of what has that ability to do that. That's what's served. Yeah. Did you ever see the absurdity in my, I didn't really get an interview to it. I forgot. I did it a couple weeks ago. We just put it up today. It was another interview with Carl Anor from Superhuman Radio. I'm known call for 25 years. It was on, we talked about pretty much everything. We talked about how he thinks you can cure the bubble got. That's the big topic. Can't be cure. Now he has some theories. So he has a few more points. Well, what does he think of food allergies? Now, I'm going to let people move to listen to it. It's interesting. His theories are interesting on it. But I believe it's a lot of, I think it's a lot of, some of it's some organ enlargement, but it's not permanent. I think it's a swelling of the organs. A lot of it's, I think, a mental fat. You know, underneath the, you know, underneath the, between the, I guess you could say the rectus abdominus layer or the transvers abdominus any organs. This, this, this, this is a layer of fat there. That's growing. I think that that's part of it. And I think it's just a lot of muscle. You know, that the guys have. So, but he has some other theories. So, I'm not going to ruin a few. You guys watching. I interviewed all the guys in one of the USA. Most of them contacted me. So, if anyone wants to see that, even though we weren't at the USA, there we got all the interviews. I'm getting, and the men's physique, I'm getting the overall, this, this week, you just contacted me. It's great. I love the fact that these athletes actually want to be interviewed. You know, it's so funny how these promoters say, they don't care. You know, we don't care about these, they, they're, they're interviews. You know, and we want to get contacted by all these guys. They may not want to get that face care. Yeah, well, I'm, I'm, well, this is a distinction. Yeah. You know, I mean, that, that is a sad commentary that some people don't care, but the athletes care. Well, think about, I've been asking for, for so many years now to create a press section that all these shows where the press can interview the people backstage, you know, and, or even, or even sidestage, you know, and it means that the people want to jump through hoops and run to lobbies. You know, that was the, that the problem with the whole NPC, Nash was getting back to Steve Carre. If they would have had a press area there, I went there had a problem. They went down a problem, and me and it would have been easy. But they still won't do what I told them to do. What I suggested they do, which is just to make a press area. I don't know what the so difficult about it. These athletes want to be acknowledged, you know, and, yeah, hopefully, it's, I don't understand it. Even if the Olympia, I understand backstage is too busy, but, you know what? Create a little press area in the lobby. So these guys can come out and get interviewed by everyone. I mean, come on, they won the Olympia, the God-Sex. Yeah, it's one thing to get interviewed on the TV broadcast. That's fine, but these guys want to be interviewed by everyone. You know, I would, if I want to show of that caliber, wouldn't you? Don't you? Don't you? It's good for business, whatever one's seen. It was interesting for, it's good for the, I mean, it's good for the athletes. This is missed to whatever easy one, but it's also good for, I mean, it makes the athlete, which the winner is, right? Feeling good. Not like a, arrogant way, you know, not arrogant from someone doing the interview from the athletes perspective. You know, you want to feel, it's not validated, but, you know, you know, it's like they, it's kind of like, this day, which is version of like, a newspaper article. You know what I mean? You do something successful and the local newspaper or newspaper, you get an article in the paper, and you can show your family or whatever or your friends and your people helped you and it's the same with winning a bodybuilding show. You know, you want to do an interview where you can say, hey, check that out. I talked to, you know, I said thanks to the gym. Thanks to the love of a lot, I'm trading part of it. Thanks to, you know, my guru. My guru. Who I need to pick the girl, of course. Right. Right. Exactly. I believe me, I've been hearing from a lot of people who have been having a lot of problems with coaches lately and I don't even know if they tell people to be honest, yeah, I feel bad. I feel bad for them, because there's a lot of coaches that they don't know what the hell's going on. Text me a couple of names. I promise not to even though you mentioned handy-same of the quinilar. Well, that's a part of it. Yeah, but I'm just saying, guys like him, there's no problems. I'm talking about these new gurus like that are coming up now. These guys that have coached four people, you know, and they're just trying to make a living for themselves. And you know, I understand the whole concept behind trying to make a living. But, you know, if you don't know what you're doing out there, you're doing a disservice to people. And I see a lot of people being, I don't know if I would say hurt, but they're time-wasted. A lot of money being spent. And they're not really getting really with their looking for. Well, they get custom diets. Yeah, they get a couple of diets. Oh, my God. Yeah, you know, I did a whole ramp on that. We talked about that last week about how these people think that, you know, there's some kind of unique dive for every single person. I, you know, I sort of, I'm not going to even say who he was. He's actually a friend of mine. I feel bad, but someone sent me a chance. But I, I'm not going to say that. You won't get to speak. You won't get to speak. You won't get to speak. But this guy said to diet to a kid, who I'm not coaching. It was so complicated to diet. That I, I was getting it. I was getting it. I was getting it to diet. I was getting a headache, reading it. Like, it was like, so detailed. And so, Well, I sent a diet to someone Dave about three months ago. And the guy flipped out on me and said that it was not scientific. And so, I agreed with him. But I didn't know what, what I was supposed to do. You know, so I just said, you know, I'll just send you money back. I just, I'm not a scientist. You know the person that real paying in the as a new set of a day. I just don't know. I just don't know any. You know, I'm not going to. You're right. It's not scientific. Yeah, some, some people just just pretty nuts. Yeah. Pretty nuts out there and there. But you know what the truth is? Nothing is that complicated life. I think it's what is it. It's what is it. It's what is it. It's what is it. It's what is it. It's what is it. It's what is it. It's just the case. I mean, things are just not hard in life. When it's too hard and it's too complicated, you're probably barking up the wrong tree. And even if you can do it once that, using a difficult situation like that, it's probably not going to be reproducible. And when you have too many variables, I think this is the issue. Here's the issue. When someone creates a diet that's so complex with so many different foods and this and put this in, and I want you to put a sprinkle this and and create yogurt and this happens. It doesn't work. Yeah, that's the thing. If it doesn't work, what do you do? What do you do? The right to probiotics, something. Who knows, calcium. I don't know what people are not. People are really crazy. I mean, if like I said, if you saw this diet, and I can't tell you how many people. And once again, I have nothing, but good stuff to say about like, like, branch chains, amino acids, and glutamine, and create a thing. If you want to use it, new offices, and knock yourself out. I don't know if it does anything more than what you're already taking and then eating, but can't hurt, right? It could definitely help. Pre-contest. I can't tell you how many people's diets it's in. And this, and I mentioned this before. I'm helping a lot of guys from Indiana. Everyone in India is on glutamine, create a team, branch chains. And at almost 20 times a day to take them to stuff. And they wonder why they can't lose any weight. A lot of times, just don't change anything. I just take that out. I just stop taking those. And all of the things that you thought we'd get in shape again. When you consume extra calories, whether it's from protein, amino acids is protein. Your body's going to use that as fuel. When you're exercising, rather than stored body fat. And if you're trying to get in shape, and you're taking an extra fuel, guess why? You're not in a calorie deficit. You're not going to burn fat. So I think that's one, in today's day and age, with all these, like, you know, we have something like meal us come on. He's a great guy. He's smart. And these people here, oh, you're going to eat 40 million grams of carbs, you know, liquid carbs, you know, and take 6000, you know, I use of insulin, you know, pre, you know, pre workout, intra workout, post workout. And they do this, but they think all day long. They've got to be paying in down, essential amino acids and branch chains. And believe me, I saw a lot of branch chains, such an amino acid branch chains, you know, with my, you know, of all product. You shouldn't be banging that stuff down, like it's like it's like it's crystal light before you show, because you're not going to lose weight. You're not going to get in shape. People, I think it was Bob Grushes said, right? Didn't Bob always say, it's good to be hungry. Yeah, yeah, it's good to be home with that. Yeah. Doug went to the bank for me, because he's just, he's always say, you always have to have something in your mouth, you know, because I was doing a few extra shakes here and there. I was helping him once, kind of he gave me a Grushkin diet, you know, and it was working. And then also, I wasn't really getting really dry. Bob would just say, stop eating, stop eating all this. I remember he, he reading too much food. That's a Doug said to me, he gave it to me. You know, he was like, you know, he had that, and it's like, you know, he's right. He was right. He was right. He was right. He was right. He was right. He was right. He was right. been right there. It was like it weighed him, great, it's like no course, instead of leaving. So he wanted to open me up. And then he wanted to be on theINF. I wanted to start learning and he wasn't. I told him. One of those people Kniesman's were like, you know, He's just sitting in front of me. That was how he worked. Cool. That year, like, he couldn't guys talk about how he was going. He was putting him back. Did he have kids that were going to teach? You went to the operations center. feel good. You should feel depleted. You should want to eat everything on the on the Chinese buffet. That doesn't mean you should do it. I mean you should feel like that. That's normal. Yeah, I'm stopping all that food. Bob would say. Think about it. I mean the guys that are suffering the most and who have that like that Ethiopian look to their face you know with the hollow cheeks. Those are the guys that are the most dangerous on stage. Aren't they? Well they're easily. Well they still like they still are. No, I mean yeah, I mean I'm just kidding. You know a lot of people do. You don't have the fact cheats up and told. L'Avroni never looked big and close backstage, you know, the show. The next or never looked big backstage and close at the show. The next is looking big right now. Dude. Yeah. I haven't seen this way in a few days. But my point is that you know that it's when you have that when you're in shape where you're ridiculously peeled. You only see it when you take the person's clothes off. Yeah, actually it might even look small and close. The guys that look huge and close are always the guys that are out of shape. Well Henry P. was he's not he's not big anyway. Who'd break it? I had one who hears this. But I said hey I'm you know I'm coming in around your time. I'm gonna wreck the car and I'll pick you up at the airport. I drove by twice. I picked him up on the third time because I couldn't find him. Because he was to be didn't look like. Because I was talking for like you know I mean I was just looking for someone like a big guy. He was just hanging out on the corner. No he just blended in with all the people waiting from you know in a t-shirt he looked like nothing and he won nothing. What does that mean? What does that tell you? What does that tell you? Tell you what does that tell you? Tell you it means that getting shape man. Get your ass in shape. Suffer. It's about suffering. Yeah well you always say suffering is good for you so which is I would agree with. My free contest you shouldn't feel good okay I remember and I don't know about you you can give me your own you know insight. When I would get down to that last two three weeks I couldn't even sleep at night. I was you know people can't sleep in their eyes. I would be up 40 times going to the pin going to the bathroom every two minutes. I was I would be pacing I remember when I stayed in Ed's house two weeks before the for two weeks prior to the USA in 95 I could or maybe 96 no 95. I couldn't I was I was going crazy I felt I had no place was I comfortable we would go I would go out I was walking around beach I was trying to stay busy during the day you know be to in between meals and I just I was so uncomfortable I was like like crawling out of my skin but I was so fucking lean you know there was not an ounce of fat anywhere in my body I was like fibery hard and nothing felt good no matter what any of the touch my skin irritated me including the sheets on the bed and that's how lean I was when you guys get that lean out there then you know you're in shape you know that's when shows and you know that wasn't because I was a guy I had a gifted metabolism that was because I suffered I had a gifted metabolism and I suffered and that's why I got to the level of of leanness that I did you know people think if you have a gifted metabolism you're not a diet no it just of me it just means that if you die at heart and you have a gifted metabolism you have to look ridiculous just like you die hard and you're getting ready I mean just no because even Ronnie Coleman yeah Ronnie Coleman has great genetics probably what's something the best genetics and all body volume but if he didn't train the way he did and eighth the way he did okay he worked to bend Mr. Olympia he just would have been another guy that that had a potential you know right I mean how many guys you know I said it say oh remember that guy remember Edgith Flatcher oh man he had good he had good he will yeah Edgith Flatcher didn't get a pro card because he was a fucking a nutcase obviously he's just a cheat on his diet J.M. used to tell me that they used to see him from the NPC gym was up on like the second of the third floor of this building and they see Edgith sitting on the street corner you know like two days out I mean a week out from like the nationals I eat and like donuts you know and any of you guys out there who remember back in the Edgith Flatcher was a freaking certifiable freak-as-o-a-dell I mean what if some of the best genetics I've seen and body-boy you know yeah for sure the year he should have won the USA I believe was that to you you knew him and won it he was he he didn't make it through pre-judging right my making that up you're a core me or one why did he cramped up right he cramped up but he was unbelievable that yeah he was that's where that famous friend told by said picture comes from yeah unreal his waist was like yeah back in the past he had a crazy back in yeah totally Jimmy up arms yeah even though they weren't Jimmy up another one say look Jimmy up yeah they were huge his arms yeah great back hit a little bit of a long torso but he'd amazing quads and but he never gotten shape after that after I think it was afraid to use diorudics after that but his glute was striated he was nuts I remember my friend Doug Wins was in the speed Doug's figure Doug he was in that show he's like Edgar Flatcher was at pre-judging when I saw him at the way in and at pre-judging he was unreal that and I don't know what happened he goes he's really cramped up or whatever he almost died or something like what did he ever have I want to say 93 he was at the year dentist yeah yeah yes I think you're right 93 USA yeah we knew Orleans unreal never one but that's guy who didn't had great genetics who didn't didn't do what he needed to do didn't want to suffer maybe it was afraid to suffer but he's to cheat on his diet I like I said I've confirmed people who saw that so once again getting back to what we were saying if you want to be the best you got to be willing to go to that point doesn't mean you have to be stupid and do you know dangerous things I mean you have to be willing to suffer to the point where the other people would not be willing to go I was willing to go places no one else was willing to go and that's why I beat guys I never should have beaten in shows and I didn't do I instead of the same thing when I interviewed him he said there's no one who could have worked harder than I was no one was going to go where I was going so I knew no one was going to be in bed or shaped in me and I knew that no one was out working me that was that was a that was a powerful mental advantage I had over people knowing that I worked harder than them and I felt the same way and I I don't I never heard Dorian say that but I kind of insinuated that that you know what this guy's a workhorse if I work as hard as Dorian who's going to beat me you know if I if I can put on the muscle I need to put on you know and I didn't have the structure of Dorian I didn't have the structure so these guys but I still beat a lot of guys I never should have beaten just because they weren't in shape you know I beat out of your flexor you know a couple shows that he was even terrible shape you know for and I think that's that's a huge you know if you're going to do this sport and you want to be the best and you got to be willing to go there don't just find a coach who gives you a program that you that makes you feel good oh I feel much better on this coach I had energy to train I got to pump in the gym pump in the gym doesn't mean I can anything the last fucking four weeks how lean you are is what it's about it's not about getting a pump in the gym how many pumps did you get in the gym crisper before you can be I'm just thinking about someone just told me they got a great pump I don't think I don't want to think I'm going to be in shape no I mean you're lucky if you have one good work at every like you know every six workouts oh I had a good workout I don't know how I did it well you know what Chris gave me you know 50 grams of carbs he last night before begs I'm like I was going to die you know sometimes you get a sometimes you get a good you know you can get a great pump on just no carbs sometimes you know you know you know it put an extra the tablespoon of olive oil or macadamina to your meal before bed you wake up the next morning you're like you feel like you just ate 16 cheese burrs you know and you know sometimes you know what I do is I and I'm treated the same thing you do with muffins I do with cheese burrs but I'll make you know some of my guy suffer suffer suffer suffer suffer and then just when I could tell they're on the brink of almost like dying you know and they're like ready to give up I'm like okay I want you to go I get a double quarter pound of a cheese and fries tonight what what yeah I didn't know this is yeah sure yeah I know I could say go eat it and they look amazing you know you might tell me to muffin whatever but that's when that meal like that will actually kick their metabolism even to another gear but it's only after you've suffered for a long time that you can actually do a meal like that you can't oh you know what it's been two days I've been dying hard you know I'm gonna have a I'm gonna eat a I'm gonna go to you know the Chinese buffet and and load up you know because I have arm data marah you know can't do that I can delusional if you think you can do that but that's not a big deal you mean you're it's you know I'm done you're right I mean it's some of the you know it's funny some of the Some of the best looks I know of help people with the camp from like the most crashing diets right you know you have kind of weeks again I'm ready and you just crush yeah just just No just I mean I think a lot of times I see people on Instagram when I see like crushed I know someone's so I'm helping he still fat seven weeks out but he can crush diet you know to me not crushed diet but you know gas so when you need to yep you gotta be willing to go where no one else is willing to go if you want to be the best and that's the best advice I can give people you know if today show you know people are like the quarter of the week that you know this is you're getting a show of advice this week you know because it was kind of like it wasn't a crazy you know heavy week on contest competitions but you want to have to be the best bodybuilder out there you gotta be willing to do things that other people not want to do and that doesn't mean risky dangerous things I think people get that confused oh well I'm willing to take 100 I use a GH day now that's just that's stupid you know that's not suffrake it means going without it means suffering you know when you don't want to suffer it means if you have a full-time job still being able to get all your cardio and get your meals and go out of the gym and work your full-time job and then come home and and take your kids that's what it means that's suffering that's that's that's that's soul suffering and you know what the great thing about it is and the reason I why I was able to get through all that suffering and I'm sure you're you're nodding to yourself I'm sure you went through the same so because you know it's not gonna go on forever it's only a temporary thing think about it I mean think about the guys who have to go to the army you know in fight wars that's gotta be way more dramatic I use that as an analogy from some people I said I'm dead Sarah says you're not going to war right you're not gonna tell you I could shot what you're going to watch just you know you just dieting hard for a couple more weeks right I mean come on you can't you can't give up the pleasure of eating and just doing what you want I have I have a couple clients they're like I I have to work all of my my colleagues they go out and have a drink you know it's up like that I feel like a loser I can't drink I suppose then you don't want to lose weight obviously because if you drink you're not gonna lose weight you're not gonna get in shape you know obviously you're not willing to make this sacrifice no matter how smart the diet I give you is you're still gonna this still components of sacrifice right you gotta give something up if you want to lose weight okay you can't have it all you know so funny Dave is you know I know genetically probably has a you know he can get a great shape but um it won't create I always had to like suffer big time to get in shape and he was always in shape which tells you people I was like he's like oh I wish I could get lean like him you know and you know I would forget sometimes you know you know it'd be like seven weeks out and I'm thinking he's still checking like what do we do last time and then you know I was done a mess and I asked what do we do he said oh are you you know you try to kill me and it's okay we'll do that again I have a lot of clients like that and you know and it's funny because a lot of them have no problem with suffering and they may not be the most genetically gifted guys and they may not ever you know win a pro show but these are guys that are doing well because they're they're out conditioning people and they're they're maximizing their genetics and that's something that you have control over you know you can't control who your parents are and what they gave you but you can turn the control how you look on stage and what kind of commission you bring to the stage and if you find a coach who's you know a lot of people will leave coaches who push them too hard because they don't like the way they feel but you know I'll treat this sometimes it's necessary you know no I'm granted sometimes people overdo it but but you got to know what to pull the trigger and went to and went to not pull the trigger and that's what makes a great coach too obviously knowing when it's time to make the person suffer you can't just make someone suffer for 16 weeks straight you know you you it's not gonna be productive but if you want to be the best in the industry or be the best in your class or the best whatever the Mr. Long Island show you gotta be willing to do things that other people aren't willing to do and sacrifice that those things and if you're not then maybe it wasn't cut out for you you I always to me I always feel like well why why can't you be happy or best I mean You know I I've told a lot of people hey I don't think you should do this show you and I could be ready for it and 50% of the people listen to me and we we change the day to show and the other 50% of why are you paid for the application of people family going to see it I got to do the show and like all right whatever you can see it on top well it's just that some people it's not that important for they want to be their best but this this is the best that they can do and that's fine you know not everyone has the has that insane desire to be crazy I'm saying they just want to be good you know they just want to compete it doesn't matter if they're if they're I always say you're a better good is the enemy of great true true when they want to be good good is you know a lot of people good I just want my kids to stay I always tell my kids this is who cares about the good always I tell them tonight who cares about the good you know which means just pick something anything that you want to be great it just pick something can be playing the casoo yeah and then you know it's like when you really like something that you really like you know that you really love to do but you want to be great in there's no better feeling than going to a show and going to that way taking your clothes off at the way and because I don't know if they still do it anymore they're probably not they used to have when we were competing up until recently until they had a thousand people to show you know they would call the way class so our heavyweight's up step up next and never one would take the clothes off and it all the competitors we're seeing around looking at are who looks good there's so and so there's there's Chris Cito there's Dave Plobba there's what ever running common and everyone's looking at the guys lining up they're all waiting online to hit the way in it was like a whole big psych out thing and the judges were all there looking who's going to look good and it was photography for the magazine taking pictures of all the competitors and you know you see so and so they check this picture out you know it was a big it was a big my fact is nothing better than going to that thing and knowing you're in the best shape of anyone there it's the greatest feeling it was the one of the things that always made me really feel good at the end of my toward the end of my career I was always the biggest and and and and hardest guy there like I said maybe I didn't have the best structure of everyone there but I was certainly size wise had had most people beat and I had them unconditionally so I was at very very big confidence booster for me to go into that take my clothes off in the way in there knowing I was one of the head probably the heaviest guy unless there was some guy like six something six foot something that weighed a little more than me but usually those guys were out of shape anyway so I was always the heaviest guy and then the most shredded guy so it was a to me that was a big you know mental boost for myself and even before I got to that point I would do shows where I knew that all right I wasn't the biggest guy there but I was shredded you know people were impressed and it's like you did your homework it's like you got there and you knew you did all your homework and you didn't have to fake anything and then it's the guys who like are trying to like pull last minute pull water they're not in shape you know I got to check out the tricks you know you probably know how it is shift around yeah shift shift to interstellar water right the extra cellular into the interstellar you feel like you're a fraud there you don't even that's a terrible feeling so take home message today guys don't leave anything to chance give a hundred percent remember after the shows over you can eat whatever you want the pain will go away the suffering is done and it'll all be worth it because you work the whole year for this one freaking show give it a hundred percent of what you got because you know what if you do that and body billing it will transfer over into life and you will be a success at anything you set your mind to doing and on that note we're out of time until next week remember with heavy muscle radio the truth hurts in that room