10th and 9th You're one and only two Every for two guys who can't hit a tree The truth you can't handle it from what we can't be Lomble Chris Asito Our Exfossil.com presents every muscle Leo Watch us Welcome to another episode of Heavy Muscle Radio on Dave, Lomble and I'm joined as always By the technician, Chris Asito on this August 10th, 2020 Evening in Chris Wow Big announcement and sweet Finally You have an abate You have an abate The fourth child date Okay No he in the Olympia Now it's the Oh my goodness You surprised huh? Not at all You didn't predict that though No I did not predict it Usually you are pretty good In the predicting he's Yeah But yeah he's in Where's your take on the whole thing? Well I mean this is just total Conjection Of course But Phil He's already gotten into it with Brandon right? Yeah Or war words And Phil probably looks back and said I would have been Brandon if I was there I'm sure And then bills come in And bills come in We won through we 52 after the After his lost eroden up the week 104 And he says you know why not do it So you think it's a money thing Well it's always a money Well no I should say it's always The money doesn't hurt I don't play it But I think it's a little less Because of the money alone But I think that in this case Outside of the money Phil wants to prove That he's the best bodybuilder in the world Still Still So But the money factors in for sure Because if the money was only like 80,000 It'd be sitting on the sidelines If the money was 120,000 It'd probably be sitting on the sidelines Maybe So We have a weird year You'll empty take place at the end of the year We have possibly a lack of people in the lineup Because we don't know if these international people can get over here The bone acts and ramies And you know there's a lot of great Really winklers A lot of great guys in this line I think might not be able to make it But I mean they might, they might not And Rodin, we're not sure if I know we want he wants to do the LMP But the case doesn't settle We can talk about that a little bit But I mean who does he have to be? I'm not sure He's actually Jackson He's beaten Yeah, he's beaten him before Easily Easily So he's obviously the guy to beat And you know if you put him in last year's lineup He might have won But he means he might have won I mean he probably would have I mean we don't know he would have won Look, here's the thing I think it was a good move on his part I hate when people give up money It bothers me If I loosely, I'm like, I could have made four inch of it The bottom line is that I'm taking the year off Chris People kind of forgot about the fact that they didn't like him And I don't know why they didn't like him Whatever the case made it seem Whatever they perceived him as being He wasn't, you know, they always start to hate all the champions at the end Because they think they get sick of seeing them Whatever you're Now people see him as kind of the savior of body-villing Films coming back Yeah, we want to see Phil get that number eight Have you felt the sentiment changed towards him? No, not really Honestly, I don't think the sentiment has changed I completely think I think people are very good I didn't know that I'm coming back It may be excited about him coming back But I think the sentiment has not changed with regard to people like Phil I don't think the great I think people are excited about it I think the people are excited about it No, no, no, no, there's a difference between So what, what does change in your mind that now you like Phil Well, I didn't, I never dislike Phil But I'm just saying I, you know, I thought it shouldn't One of few times, but that doesn't mean I dislike him They're genuinely, I mean I went to the interview to vote it like him They're genuinely people out there who don't like Phil I don't know, they just felt like, you know I feel, you know, we wanted to lose, you know Well, you know what? People don't like Phil because he's arrogant Is hell But he has a reason to be arrogant I mean, there's, you know, it's one thing People hate somebody who is arrogant And they can't deliver the goods But, you know, Phil I guess the word's arrogant I have no problem saying arrogant You gotta be arrogant to win the Olympia, right? You gotta be confident yourself But he backs it up Right, Jay's got a confident, a Arab out himself Yeah, but that's different, that's different Well, Jay's just, Jay's a, has a better delivery You asked Jay, he was competing, who's going to win the Olympia He wouldn't even hesitate to say, me, you know That's arrogant, I mean, it's, it's not, it's just confident But he wouldn't have meltdowns You know, he wouldn't have meltdowns Well, press conferences win Now, because I look really good And I'm going to win this year Jay's just very good at handling himself Politically speaking That's, that's a skill he's got I mean, not a lot of people can handle themselves With that much pressure When you have the, the world of social media on top of you You got people asking you a million questions And, you know, they painted him as a bad guy in that film And, you know, generation iron, you know, so He had a lot of, you know, there was a lot of pressure on the guy And he just, he's not as sad as Jay is I did not make people out there that are Ronnie Hammel, the, the Heightman hoop, I remember There was no social media when Ronnie was around But he handled it because he was, he's so laid back That, like nothing bothers him, you know Yeah, well, you know, that's different Air of confidence, you know I mean, you'll see the, you know, the supporters For Phil, they'll come out of the, you know, the woodwork As a shell approaches and the, you know, the haters will come out But the haters are wrong because you can't, you know, Hades success in his physique Right I mean, he's, like I said, he's always delivered He's been the most consistent body go there In the last 10 years, bar none, including Dexter Had Phil come back the next year And rodent men in the show Don't you think the fans all would have been rooting for rodent Oh yeah, because Phil was still on the Height train But for these guys, yeah, yeah Now, he, after a year off, I know people have such a short memory Oh my god, guarantee people will be cheering No, they would be cheering because he is the guy Up there who has the most amount of Olympias You know, he's, he's competed You know, for 10 years, 14, 15 years at the highest level You know, he's no rookie He's exciting to watch Absolutely So of course people are going to be excited about him Right, but he, but they went to Bennett But I'm saying they went to Bennett as excited If he would have just come back the following year And rodent would have been, he's titled it It would have all been rodent He would have been hugged it, yeah, yeah They would have been hugged it, yeah, you'll come back Yeah, they would have been mad at him all this year Yeah, yeah, that's right They would have been pissed at him And so, you know, this is rodent's show, right? You're sure Now rodent, no, no, no Phil also has this new relationship with Danny Garcia And the rock, you know, they're, Danny is his manager Danny, Danny, Danny, the XYZ rock They have a production company together They just bought the XFL for Bolvian Yeah, that's right That's right, man Yeah, I want it, what do you think the motivation behind that was? For Vince to sell it or rock the body No, for the rock to buy it Like why do you want it for Bolvian? Um, you know, I don't know I can say this, it's exciting to own an entire league Isn't it seem to have a lot of stress Not if not if you can delegate the stress and get people to run it for you Or content Right And, you know, regardless of how much money the rock has What's really exciting is to own an NFL team So, right, it's so easy It's so crazy, crazy expensive now Even the, I mean, the valuations are like I don't even know what, a billion enough I know, it's not right It's just made it a by team 15 years ago for, you know, a quarter of that Right, less than that So, I mean, what if you, you buy the XFL And it takes off and you have your own, you know, league Right You have the country, there's nothing better than controlling everything from beginning to end I haven't even been following it I remember when Vince launched it, does it do well? I mean, did it have like I don't even know, I just know Vince launched it with like Vince and from the, from what I've read, Vince wanted it Thought he was going to compete with the NFL Right He was going, going, ho on it And then I was surprised it You know, that he sold it But if he could've sold it, seeing the writing on the wall in terms of Okay, what am I going to have it? There's no baseball has no attendance Right And if that has no attendance NBA has no attendance Sure Why am I going to like launch this at a bad time I mean, Vince has bad luck launching bodybuilding I know, remember when the money is stuff went down with Hulk Hogan Yep That could be day with the steroid charges and stuff That's right Then he had the fold up the W, you know, the bodybuilding league That would be F, yeah And then he has the XFL and here he is, you know, holding this up I mean, it's a fold, right, when you sell it And $15 million is not a lot of money No, we have to definitely cost a lot in that to run that thing Probably But he's a genius when it comes to wrestling He can't do anything wrong with that He's so good at it And obviously now triple H is there helping him run it and Stephanie and the whole families of, so I mean, there's nothing, they don't even need to do anything else I mean, there's so much responsibility with that alone I don't even know why I'm going to want even I always, I always ponded with this Because I like to make money Just like I know you like to make money Because anyone who doesn't like to make money No, but I mean, you like to do big things You don't, you take risks and something that you buy big buildings You know, I take my own risks, all right I like to, but at the same time, I am so busy And now with kids and you guys can just talk about this before I can't, if someone came to you and I say, hey, Chris, We're going to give you the New York Giants Okay, but you can't sell, you got to run it You're going to be 50% apart I'm going to be a crisis, I don't know if we can, I don't even know if we can do it I said, don't even know if I want the responsibility Well, I would take, I would take responsibility No, but you know what I'm saying? It's like, after a while, it's like, you know, How much more do you want to do? I mean, it's like, I always, I'm always amazed by people who just continue to do I mean, I'm creative, I like to do my own little projects But I don't know if I like the idea of the burden of responsibility over so many people Well, the time factor, right? The time factor, how much time do you have in a day? I don't know if we can do it. Just think, how many hours a day? Four hours a day, so you have a 20 hour day, you might not sell the kids, you have two minutes left. Yeah, no time enough. You know what it is, Chris, maybe once, because their kids are all grown, They have like more time on their hands and maybe they think, well, I, I'm not spending time, my kids are doing their own thing now, you know, I don't have to worry about them, so let me just, you know, Let me get another project, you know what I mean? Yeah, I, I, I just spoke to someone who is like a real estate, I don't love mine. Mm-hmm. And he can't comprehend the idea, I said, I have four kids, So, you know, because he's critical of me. And I go into defense mode of how many kids do you have? He says, no, I said you have no idea. The freedom, I said, you get to wake up whenever you want. Right. You've never had kids, so you don't even have a adult because he's older. You don't have a girl, kids calling you. Yeah. You know, it's completely different, it changes your life and your, You can't say no to them, it's not like it's not like it's like someone A pain in the escrowel, jep on the phone says, hey, do you want to come over and, And you really don't, you know, like, no, I can't do it. Yeah, if you kids say, I need to go here, you got to a car drive for you. Yeah. Yeah. My daughter says to me, I want to show you something, I can't say, Not now, I have to go see it. Yeah. I'm busy right now, show it to me next week. All right. I plan, I plan to do it a treat today. I had bought this mulberry tree, Amanda loves mulberry trees and I was in this low as, Like, one of those stores, whatever. And I saw this mulberry tree, I'm like, I took a picture of her. She's like, bye, bye. The thing, Chris, the thing when I bought it, I didn't realize how big the, The base was of this thing. I'm like, how the fuck am I, I'm sorry, boarded. I'm like, how the fuck am I going to get this into my car? Now, luckily I have the X5, but it's, it's not that big. So, if Amanda were done, it there was to be a stitch and dirt anyway, but, you know, I'm sweating, it's hot out, I'm like, I'm like, man, and I'm like, I'm, I've become my fuck. I turned, I turned, I turned, I really turned to my dad. I lose all patients whatsoever. I think I'm alone, I'm not yelling at anyone, he's throwing me all of it. And I get the car, I'm reclining the seat, the second row of seat. I can't do both of them because I got the car seat or the kids car seat, I'm one of them. I lift this thing up, like, as I'm lifting up, I'm like, my A-order is going to rupture something like that. I just, I could see it already, something like, I'm trying to breathe while I'm doing it. I'm like, don't hold your breath. I'm like, this is the car, if someone would have a video camera, would have been hysterical. So, I lift this thing into the truck. Of course, dirt's going everywhere in the back of the truck, I'm like, fuck it, I'll just back him when I get him. I don't care at this point. I had put some plastic down, but it's not the plastic I've moved aside. So, I get the thing in and I'm like, all right, it's not all the way in. It's not going to jam the thing. If Amanda was to ask you to be screaming at me because I'd be breaking the branches up, I'm like, no one's here, no one's leaving the note. I'm like, I squeeze it into the car, so I get this thing home, right? Of course, but it was raining. It's such raining while I'm doing it, too, of course. I get home. I unload it, whatever. It's sitting in front of my driveway now for two weeks. So, I got a plant at, right? That's what I bought the tree for. So, of course, I picked the one day because I've been so busy. I'm doing it today. Kids are in the pool. It's got to be 97 degrees out today. She's like, why do you have to do it in the middle of the day when it's hot? Because I said, there's no other time. You know, there's no time. We have no time. We can't think of that. That's because you choose to have no time. My bet is the answer. Go ahead. Because you've got to go play with your snakes. That's the usual reply. But so, so I go out there. I get the wheel barrel. I put my monstrous tree into the wheel barrel. Get the shovel. I pull it out across my property. Get a big piece of property. She wants it on the, like the, the property line. It's the furthest point from the garage you could possibly get. I've dragged this thing out. I'm, I'm already exhausted. I'm just pulling the cart out to the, as is the property. Now I got to dig a hole. I think a big hole because it's a big tree. It's not like a little plant on the ground. So, I started digging. The grass is like a rock. Okay. Luckily, I got two shoulders of ways. Now I got new shoulders so that I could do it. I, I start digging and digging and I'm going to pick my time. And I get down to a point where I'm like, I only need to go another few more inches. So I can get this, I'll, I'll be able to get the pot. And I hit, I hit basically. Sennet. That's what it feels like. I hit the rock and your broth. There's no way the shovels going through this rock. Okay. I'm not, there's no way I'm digging another hole next to it or near it. At this point, this tree is going into this fucking hole. One way or another. So, I get the tree and so the trees, like a little too tall for the hole. So, well, no one, make it sure no one's looking. I'm pulling off the roots on the bottom like to make it shorter. Yeah. I can get it in the hole. How, I took so much dirt out of the hole. How I didn't have enough dirt to fill in in the hole. I, I don't know where the dirt went. I'm like, where the fuck did the dirt go? Blow away. It's impossible. I took out a ton of dirt. So, I get the thing I pack it in and I get the hole. And I get a drag the hose is not on a water, right? Because I, I watered the thing, drag the hose back. I go to get in the pool. I'm almost ready to pass out. I'm like literally, I'm completely become my father. I'm like angry and I'm like sweating to death. And you would have thought that I, I mode 41s. That's how much work in it. It only took like probably 45 minutes to do it. And so, in the pool, we get out of the pool after that. And I'm in the house. And we could, it's hard to pouring out. Like, that got to do it. So that was my, that was my exercise that, that, that, that was huge tree. I would have just had, you know, I would have pulled it out of a ton deeper or a hose, wherever you got it. And I know my, I would have tried to put it in the car. And then I was like, too much work. I would have called someone, bringing it to my house. I can't do that. You know what I'm trying to do? I'm trying to plan it and I call someone say just plan it. Well, I could, I would have done it. But see, if I do that, I'm in the things that I'm like, it's not, like, you're ruining the whole process. Like, it's one thing to have a big palm tree planted. But like, she thinks like, I, like, I pay everyone to do things. I'm like, I do. I said, I had my time's valuable. I've got to be in the pool. I wanted to prove, I wanted to prove to her. I could plant this fucking monstrous tree on my own. I would have just paid someone just like you. And I would have felt better about it. I would have been enjoying it. I would have loved the idea of not having to do all that work and be in the pool. You could have filmed the whole, you could have filmed the whole reality show around me. Go and pick the tree up and bring it back and planting it. It could have, it would have been rated. The ratings would have been off the charts on it because it was a. You, you would have said, you see the fill. He said, if you, I said, yeah, I got 30,000 hits. I'm a planted the tree 300,000. Yeah, exactly. So fill my go back to the. You didn't mention curry. I used Mr. Lumpia. Right. Don't lie. I mean, he's the guy to be. I mean, and with, obviously, flex Lewis entering the show this year. There's another guy in the lineup that we didn't have, you know, the last time around. A lot of people think he, when the Lumpia. What do you think about that? What's your feeling on flex? What do you think he's going to fall? I think he's going to fall in the first call out. And that. There will be a get favorable calls closer to the middle than he probably. Should be. What do you think will be a strengths and weaknesses? Let's look at it for now. I'm still turning it into a very strong gluten ham show, which is not gluten ham. Right. Two body parts. Strengths, standard relaxed. Strengths is back double. Weakness is. I'm going from how he's looked to the past, right? But that, you know, he had to suck down, you know, think as one of Karan, you know, like you are doing, there's a freak show, you know, until he had a naked weight. You know, the, I think the weakness is probably side chest side tricep. Absent dies. Because of his height. No, I mean, just close your eyes and, you know, picture what a side tricep look. It's really just standing like he doesn't hit one. Yeah, I'm going to just throw this on down there. Yeah, and he doesn't have, no, no, when he turns, record his towards the front. Oh, okay, okay. And he doesn't have great abs. And his side chest, his legs look thin on surprisingly. And you might be eating all those words when we see what is then, the unveiling of the new, flex, loose physical. What's undeniable from, I mean, those are his weakest shots. I mean, side tricep, abs and thighs. What does abs look like? You tell me you can't tell me because they're not strong shots. It's not a side of strong shot from. A shot's a very, very strong firm. You know, keep in mind, right? He went up against Hardy. They both were the same weight. They both were on. Mm-hmm. So I think the comparison would be, you know, you have to get by Hardy before you get to someone else. It's the same thing, Hardy can make it to the show. I think he's chosen to be a hit. Hardy's not the show. I might have been wrong until. Now, here's the go. I'm the percent right last year. So, yeah. Let me ask you this question because, you know, I kind of pot through this out there when I did my RX muscle update report when Phil announced. I said, you know, kind green is it. And I know we keep throwing high green out there, but we have to talk about him because he's an interesting character. His motivations are very driven almost like, like, in books and movies, right? He needs some kind of motivation to do what he does. Phil coming back to the Olympia would certainly be motivation for kind of come back because, look, if Kai came back to Olympia and beat Curry, for instance, and no one else was in the line up. People would say, great, yeah, Kai's a Mr. Olympia, AA, AA, but hoody beat, right? But if Kai comes back and beats Phil, his archnemesis, now that's a start, right? That's a German, that's a, that's the end of Kai Green's movie right there. The life of Kai Green, that's a great end, right? Yeah, that would be the, um, you can't write something better than that. No, no. The only, the only crappy part of that is, is it would be in front of like 11 people if they don't have an audience with you. Well, I don't think there's a person in the bodybuilding fan on the planet that probably wouldn't by the paper view for Kyvers Phil, right? I know, but nothing's better than being there. True. But, you know, look, it is what it is. We got a, you know, we bring up Kai's name a lot of you do. Yeah. A lot of it, I think, is just to make front of a minute in a fun way. I'm not making fun. I'm not making fun. I'm saying this is a great traumatic reason to put on his posting suit again. I'm going to send a group of you. You know, with Dan and Jake Wood, they're going to roll out the red carpet if Kai wants to come back and they're going to put out whatever money these to be put out there on the table for him. So it's not going to be a money thing. If not going to, he's not going to feel disrespected. He's got motivation now to go after Phil Heath, stopping from winning eight Olympias into when his first Olympia and establishes, you know, basically, say, he has my legacy. I'm leaving behind. It's got every making of a, of a rocky movie. Yeah. It's, it's the, it's the real movie to the crappy generation Iron movie. I just figured the real ending, right? Yeah. You know, if you could film a day. Yeah. Right. If you could film, I got through anything. This is the real, this is the real thing. Not just the made up story that they try to, the manufacturer. Yeah. Yeah, it would be phenomenal. It would be absolutely phenomenal story. Even if he did win of course, just the whole idea. And I don't think wins. And I rock you didn't rock the first rock you movie, but everyone's still love rocky, right? I mean, he didn't have to win. He just to show up and make it make, make this Olympia that we thought was going to be probably not even half in because of the whole COVID thing where the whole half the season got canceled. It could, it could change the scope of, you know, 2020, you know, going in the map is one of the greatest Olympia of all time. Yeah. It would be phenomenal. It's like bringing back Ali Frazier, you know, or some wife, or Tyson Holyfield, which we might see also. Yes, right. Obviously, see that. That fight. It's Tyson Roy Jones. I think come up. All right. Is it for a majority? I think I'm not. Yeah, I think you're right. I think you're for a Joseph. But still, who's not going to want to watch that? Yeah. I think that kind of an impurity of their sonal Samuel Link to the, Yeah. She was, I want to take a break. But I mean, it's, it's like, you know, Tyson is like, is like, I mean, Kai is like Tyson's like, you know, Tyson's. Yeah. Tyson. I just put the gloves on again. If you can see Kai put the posing suit on one more time, come on. Tyson in a, have a matchup versus like Tyson Fury. Yeah. Just, after the paper view would be crazy. Even if Tyson lost it wouldn't matter. Yeah. Well, the thing people would believe, from being into it, right? The Tyson is still going to continue to do it. Yeah. I've seen videos of him. We can do it. Well, I mean, you're, I mean, like, this is not a good analogy because George Forman wasn't 50, whatever, five years old. But when Forman came back and made that kind of like people thought it was the biggest joke of all time. Yeah. He was like 300 something pounds. Well, but it being was fat too. Yeah. And Forman just, he wouldn't sit down between rounds. Yeah. He was fighting the biggest lose. I remember watching Mike, my dad loved boxing. We would watch these fights and like my father loved the call people fat. If they were out of shape, which is funny because my father wasn't in the Great of shape either. But even I look at this fat. So what does he do when I said that? I don't know. He sees, and he's winning fight after fighting. And he was fighting like once a month, if you remember. Yeah. Yeah. Because he had to go to the top of the shape. And then he got, I think he got to shot it someone. No, no, I think he fought Tyson. Then he or something like that. And he was like, he probably killed him. A holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. He went to the defense. I think, right? But he didn't. Yeah. And then he gets to fight with more. And it was like, that was like another rock. And like, and everyone said it, and even Teddy Atlas is in the corner with his fight or more, more. And he's like, stay away from this guy. Just trust me. You got to fight one already. Stay away from him. I've seen him fight. He's got to knock out punch. It doesn't matter. He's 45 or 46 years old. And he's a little, he's a little overweight. If he catches you with a, would a punch, he could not knock out. That's right. He got caught. And he got caught. And he, anyone. I mean, that was the greatest thing of all time. And Tyson, like, says, man, and form was a hated champion. And Muhammad Ali Biedam, you know, he was also a misunderstood angry guy, you know, and When it came back, he was a beloved. Oh, yeah, because he had the forming grill. And it was like, he was like, you know, everyone's a grandfather, you know, that kind of thing. So I'd love to see Tyson come. And that actually, I'd love to see Kai come back because, and the funny thing about bodybuilds coming back is that there's no physical contact on on stage. You know, so it's not like they got to worry about getting hurt or something like that. Yeah, we don't know. Yeah, that's true. They could, they could, absolutely. Which would make it even more exciting if they had actually probably. Yeah. So I mean, we're probably going to have to settle for a curry. Dexter. So, you know, that's going to be our top three probably. Unless we can, unless somehow, if I were bone-acquired, I would fucking move over here. Wouldn't you? I'd move to the restaurant. I'd get on a boat now. Yeah. I think that's a big boat or something like a cargo boat. Yeah. You know, and I think the bone-acquired matches of goat-a-teeth. Bone-acquired. I don't even curry. Well, they have different things. They have different things. Yeah, different things. And, you know, you got to see these guys in the lineup. Just, but the fact is, Phil, and he's got to be considered the face of the favorite actually. The overwhelming favorite because he's won so many Olympians. Yeah. I mean, you can't say, Brian, you curry, the current Mr. Olympia is the favorite over the, how many times feel 17? Seven. Seven times Mr. Olympia. Do you think Phil comes back smaller than he was? Bigger than he was? How's the abdominal area look in your estimation? If you had a girl? Do you have abdominal area cannot get better? Yeah, I look excited. At all. So does he come in smaller than trying to make it better, which is usually a mistake. And then he usually looks worse when they do that, but yeah. Well, the flip, you know, you stuck between a rock and a hard place. If you try to come in smaller, it might look worse if you try to, in rounder, it may look worse. You don't know. Yeah. They got a tough job him in honey because they got to try to figure out a way to figure out a formula that's going to win the show. Not that's going to be the best film, but that's going to win the show. I think that's what they have to go out there. And that's going to depend on who's in that line up. Hundred percent. Hundred percent. Who you stand and that shows always, you know, at this point, you know, it's going to be how people show up at the show and how Phil shows up at the show. Right. They still judge it. You know, they've, I'll never forget. It was like 40 years ago. We did the preview show there. To, um, do you live here in 2018? We had, um, sit two days before the show and about three days before the show in my room. And, um, I had already seen Shawn and thought, you know, okay, it's going to let me show her. I mean, in my mind, this is, you know, the open. But I said, you know what? Everyone said, Phil, Phil, Phil, you go to the press card. And you go to the press conference, even the other competitors with the Except Sean Phil, Phil, Phil and I told Sid, you know what? Sid. The good thing about the judges though, is they judge it. Yeah, they'll judge it. And that's what they're going to do with Phil, um, Curry, Daxter, whoever's in the show. We don't know who's in the show. I've bone-act shows up, Randy shows up, or probably shows up. Who knows if they're in the show? Where does he get how much of you? Where does he get the judge? They're going to judge it. Where does Randy qualify for the show? What show is it? Can he possibly do this? Um, is there a European show we can do? I think what's going to happen is that going to have to take, who's, who's one shows this year, which is what two people, one person, two people. Yeah. We have, what we have to choose from is the Arnold. And you take what? The winner only, right? Yeah, well, they have the point assistants, as they got to top five point getters to, that'll go. I mean, there's not a big crowd in the Olympic this year. So I think they're going to have to go back to. Curry's, um, qualifier already bone-act qualified, hot-ish-up in his qualifier, Daxter, newly, Heath, obviously, Sedrick, Nathan D. Asha, one crowd. He's got to lose. 10. Do you want to have a little bit of just 10? Why not? They're going to get a couple more, right? They're getting to your pros going to be in Tampa. Yeah, you got to get your pros. We got Hunter this 12. Right. We got the, the Cal Contest 13. Anyone else? Any other? This is Chicago Prashow taking place. You know, okay, yeah, so yeah, that's an off 15 people's enough to have the show. Yeah, I mean, there might be a couple more than that thinking about, but. I think five of it. I mean, I can ram you qualify. Where's he going to qualify? Chicago or, or I'm going to get to Chicago. He gets on the boat with bone-act. I'm going to go. There's a travel ban against European's, but is there a travel ban against people coming from Kuwait? I don't think so. I don't know. Maybe a data conflime in on his private jet or something. Yeah. I mean, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. It's not like BD Dwee Cooper, whatever the guy's going to. I can parachute him. Yeah. Yeah. And you're like fourth parachutes with random. Because you'll have black and white people. Black and slimming on the New York sand. You'll have like the way you've been to them. Yeah, right here drop them over here. I'll. We'll do an interview with them before the power. And my house. We got a great big shower. With Cam. I don't know. I didn't. I forgot about that. I think I think you can come from Kuwait. Think, but not you. He's the only one who doesn't seem like he's qualified. So. Right. Am I missing anyone? Is Dex from that line? Yeah. Yeah. He can do it. Yeah. I think Ram is the only real top name that has in qualify. Yeah. The Olympia. I mean, if Kai wanted to do it, they would give him a special invite. So that's. I thought there were a he exhausted his special advice. I don't know. You think if he calls them Dan, it's a Dan. I'm. I'm taking a second. One more. We'll give you one more chance. It's like, it's like when you can't do. You know, you don't really want to punish your kicks. You're you guys are going on a trip or something like that. And you keep threatening. He knows that he knows that he can get away with it because he knows you're going on this trip. So. Yeah. Wait, you're threatened with something like outrageous. Yeah. There's a monster out there. If you don't behave, I'm going to send you out. The yard. Yeah. Well, and it's my new thing is I tell him I'm going to send him to the. I feel bad because I really like the name is him. You're going to go to Carroll and Cindy's house. You're going to spend the whole day with them. And they're going to make you they're going to put you to work. You're going to have to dig in the garden. You're going to have to clean with them. And they got a big scary dog in the basement. He doesn't like. He's like that's cool. Look, look, I'll bring my blast. That's his he's obsessed with the guns my son now. And we don't want to be guns. We don't want to play with guns. So I don't know what I'm this. It's a second amendment. First of all, second. Yeah, give him a moment. Tell him that he's going to get out of like legos. And he's got this blast. So now it's like we have to take it away from him. He's he's that of his mind. He puts my head he assassinates me. But the thing. My sister told me when I have kids, I'm never going to let them have toy guns. He thinks he teaches him a wrong thing. They had guns like rifle. Yeah. He watches all the videos. You know, the Nerf guns. That's the new big thing. And he wants a Nerf gun. And we won't get it from him. Because I know that he'll take my eye out. He'll take my other eye out. You know, that I only have one get up. I'll be the one who gets shot. Of course. With the Nerf. You have to be on, you know, when you're tows when you're out of one they have guns. No. He'd ask me to pull with it with the squirt of guns. Oh, yeah. He loves that. Yeah. He likes to do the sneak attack too. Sometimes he'll jump on me. I think I got a big neck. My father's always like, you got an important Navistron neck. He's right. I didn't know what our rabbit was. He didn't have his big neck as chromatamin. Oh, chromatamin. He had a 12 inch neck. Twenty inches. It was. I was born with a 14 inch neck. Yeah. I still have a big neck. When you have a big head, you have to have a big neck to hold you. You have to hold it up. Hold it up. Give a big brain. So you have to write. That's right. I got to pull that thing up. Did you see that video I sent you on yourself? Which one? The pointy. Yeah. Did you know about that? Of course. Someone posted a recently and sent it to me. Yeah. That's a good video. I'm going to pull that pull up. All right. I got to talk. I'll give you the cue. This is this is Bob Gruskin. Like crash prep. Oh, yeah. I was thinking of it today. Oh, it's really going to find this thing. It was put up recently. Yeah. Yeah. Very recent. No. Set up the show. I'm looking for it. Okay. I think I was doing like a photo shoot for Black men. I think it's really good 92. And I went down to Bob and said, Oh, you look really good. And they said, yeah, Bob. And so they had like the Nabi USA and whoever won the class or something. Like a sick or something. Couldn't do it. So Bob says, I'm the president. Come on. You come with me to England in three weeks. I'm like, Bob, I can't do it. Count us in three weeks. You know, we can have to help me like every day. And so maybe it was like five weeks or something. And so I let him, you know, Jeff Bob just do your thing. And that was it. I went down to the Saturday weeks. Did you die for? Well, I was already in pretty decent shape. But I died. It may be like six weeks. Right. And I was in decent shape. I was in good shape because I was shooting something for Black men. Oh, did you win this show? No. Where had you placed? I got like six. Oh, really? You look actually pretty good here. Yeah, pretty good. And how old are you? I look like Barry to me. Yeah. I'm good. I'm good. Good routine. I can't like how we go right there. How old are you? Perfect here at 24. That's probably Dave. So that more arms can know and laugh. I guarantee that is no more than 250 tests in 200, pretty much a week. Garanty. Yeah. Garanty. Because I was, yeah. Were you in college ahead? You got an out at this point. I was out of college. I was hoping you made some of those in Maine. Are you adding on the California? Or are you? No. I just like moved back to Maine after. Oh, college. Sorry. Little bit. Where was this general board city this season? No. You don't remember where the 92 Navi universe was? Oh, England. I'm wearing England. I thought you said that you felt it. Yeah. Mohammed Mustafa won the class. I really, wow. Yeah. That's fine. Yeah. I went back stage. Mohammed Mustafa was like this. Bob said, ah. This is Bob. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh. I'd say. You make a yours. Good job. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. This is Adam kid looks great. Dave, I'm not kidding. I'm not kidding. Next thing I see. Mohammed Mustafa. Yeah. Why the percent of all he's pumping up. No. That's that they used to do that backstage, yeah. Lift up. He was pumping up. Mohammed Mustafa. Bob's like you want to light. You got to light. Bob was smoking. No, I know Bob smokes. Better say you're not backstage. He's backstage. Yeah. That's why I had the pen and my mouth and meditated Bob. Like the European era. God, I look small. He's like, my. The funny thing is when I went to the one show I told you in Spain. The one thing about European shows, I don't know if it's still that way. There was no way our conditioning. People were smoking cigarettes like it was at a going outside and everyone was walking around completely naked men and women. No one had any clothes on. Oh, it's pain. Yeah. What should you go about? The women's show. So there was no man but there was. The world would collect it. The world and the. Yeah. I see you're not walking around naked. I said you go to the stall. Yeah. We're Americans. We're fucking we're we're up tired about you. You're not up tired. You're not up tired. I'm up tired. Yeah. But there was girls walking around naked smoke cigarettes. Everyone smoking and no way our conditioning. Swell, certainly. Middle the summer. Yeah. That's your. That's your. That's your. That's your. That's your. That's your. That's your. That's your. That's your. That's your. That's your. That's your. That's kind of. And that was He's got guy. So so. So that's the. And of the time, sort of. So what are you. Seeig. I'm a m and I'm a guy here. And I'm telling you сов top platform. And so everything's good for me. Yeah. I'm a. He says, he said, getting right to you. I whiffed all the work flowing. And the cigarette smoke on top of that. I wanted to I said I really don't want to stay back Yeah, I said even though I there's a lot of pretty women back Yeah, I said I feel like they get the hell out of here. Just to be honest Which was also not air condition as well And the pre-judging was was like 10 hours long For the one class look why so long because what they didn't Europe they used to have it when Rafi always at least writing it There was 11 judges right so each judge gets to submit their own top five pick So they do 11 top five quality so she was Yeah, that's right. I was like why do we see everything one of them? Every Just to do that Okay, yeah, that's as she won the show everyone else was dying up there. She was like smiling and she loved She's gonna win. I said no one can stay up there as long as she can pose all day long. I said like that Yeah, it's interesting. I forgot how they do that in those shows where they they I mean they can they can so some people get compared to like this guy should be in the top 11 Right, and he's being You pan out they said he looks good and puts on the car. Yeah, it's crazy Most of the most of the courts were pretty consistent, but yeah, you're right. Everyone's so well You get like like with this person come from all the as friend is judging So you put it to the first call when you should be in the last call. Yeah Anyway What's your take on the whole Luke For a radio identity. He showed he said then he had Luke's what training partner on there best friend best friend He said he suicide You know he's cease to buy it suicide is the end did you know that I said suicide Siri might I found so to give me the definition of suicide Well, I'm so surprised if you didn't try to blow up and kill you I think that You know, I would I would I would agree with Ben Is best friend. Yeah, I would to well, you know it I guess you could say The official cause of death. I had a guy who's like a works for the police over there in England contact me Does and he said that he he said the way they do things there is a little weird So it could take three four weeks to get back An autopsy result and If they deemed the cause of death a cardiac arrest it doesn't matter what caused it so if he if he caused his own cardiac arrest The cause of death would be cardiac arrest you understand So if I mean If he did have you know problems and he did commit suicide, which it seems as though he did from whatever when the saying You know Whatever he did to himself caused a cardiac arrest which was the cause of death that I think so both Schools of thought were correct, but you know I think it's it's not helping People by making it pretend like it wasn't a suicide if it was because obviously he had some you know Mental health issues that you know and some problems. You know, and I think that it was it was great I think that it came to light The wake of his death that if people do have problem, they should contact people and talk to friends and loved ones and some of that in seek help because There are people that are depressed. I think people people see depression and And mental health issues as a weakness and that's why they don't like to talk about it especially especially Man especially Oh, man sure know whether they be in the business world of bodybuilding professionals You know that's that's just a fact from and society looks on it as a You know just put you man just just get it together play yourself up by a bold spoon straps and you know Throw on a Anthony Robbins tape and take on the day and it doesn't work that way at all Yeah, sure I had a guy contact me Esca me about stress and anxiety and he Paralyzing him he can't function he can't eat his food the way he should he can go to the gym sometimes and you know I might my take on this and then look I don't have I don't have depression You know aside from you know what you get Once a while you get to press I'm talking about don't have like crying depression But I do know this and I and I and I took this to heart when I read this and heard Wayne dire talk about this You know the late Wayne dire who's you know someone who's very influential in my life Just from all the reading and and stuff I watched on him and he said There's no such thing Okay, well, he didn't say he said have you ever seen a bucket an anxiety or Bucket of stress can you put it in a bucket? No, why because it doesn't exist it's something we create in our mind so a lot of the thoughts we have a lot of the the things that we allow to paralyze us and that allows us to do the things that we love is because of something that doesn't even exist We've created on our own and it's an erroneous way of thinking you're basically and so If you change the way you think the things you think about change and that's that's what you have to try to and and obviously sometimes It's hard you get into this rut where you can't get yourself out of it But you need to have people you can talk to who can walk you through that because it really is I mean it's like it's like drug addiction drug addiction is the stupidest thing of all time I mean you take something that's making you you think is making you feel better But it's actually making you feel worse and making your situation worse, but yeah, you keep taking That's that's insanity. That's that's a definition of insanity You're gonna take more of it. It's gonna feel better You're gonna feel and you're gonna keep feeling worse so same thing with that. I mean and the same white if you can't walk talk yourself through it You need other people to help you and that's why they have you know Help care professionals that do psychology counseling psychiatric counts What if you want to call it? It's important that you can talk to someone who can talk you off the horse so to speak and try to show you that hey You know what you're not thinking rationally here This is not a real thing you're creating in your mind now. Why are you creating your mind? You have a chemical balance or do you have something that happens you experienceually? That's affecting you and you need to get that out and that's that's those are the only two options right? Some stuff yeah, but some of those things that have affected you and form who you are And negatively of informed who you are over time Those great in turn to chemical imbalance and once you have a chemical imbalance You have a chemical imbalance it's hard to like right think you way out of a horse talk to somebody right you know I mean and alleviate what's a chemical imbalance It's like when they treat with both you know Anti depressions and therapy. I think you have to do both really initially yeah, yeah, I mean there's it's just Mental and this is one of the hardest things for people to overcome it's it's what leads to what mean you talked about drug addiction Yeah, you know people self-medicate with with all kinds of things to alleviate either the pain or to temporary suspend the feeling of being in balance It's you know it's it's a deep topic and the idea that you know a lot of people can You know Get out of it. I mean people do get out of it, but it's it's you know that a lot of people with clinical depression as you know Sure, you know lots of people leave We laps into that state as well. Yeah. Well, I have a guy contact me say hey Dave can I use Adorable every day on my diet. I get great workouts I don't feel as hungry I said he's like you know what do you think? I said well wanting to snort a couple lines of cocaine He got it he was laughing. I said just because it's a prescription drug You know you're getting your right prescription doesn't mean it's something you want to take you know I said you're getting yourself into into a hole that you might not be able to climb out of I said You better off doing it. You know sort of a line of coke, you know once in a while You know not that I'm a condo in it. I'm just saying it's the same thing you're doing you know You're yourself medicating yourself because With the drive that you don't really need there are people who need it You don't need it. I said you want it because you feel good on it, but eventually you don't feel good on it You don't feel good on it. You don't feel good on it. You don't feel good on it. You don't feel good on it. So he got the message. Look what he's like. I'm doing it This is body building you know because we use drugs you know several times of it that It's not that hard to use other drugs you know it makes a lot easier the decision because it's you could inject steroids You know three times a week What's popping in a couple pills here in there or you know snort a line of coke or People just don't they don't think twice about it's not a big deal. You know whereas the normal person in every day Society would just do that, you know Yeah, no you're right it should so it's easy It's easy say why I feel bad for the Luke's family and everything like that is friends at Wastem and and you know you I mean you had a good relationship with him. I'm saying you will work from with them It's sad we lost a good guy but hopefully you know Some people you know could learn from that and if it could have prevented one other death and great I think that would see Would it be just turned 32 last week? I think 32 yeah, that's yeah. It was 30 second birthday So what do you think about the New York probate? Let's go on to something a little bit more moving to Tampa I mean you were campaigning when they moved to Jersey gave Well, you know, you know what the problem is all the gyms are closing New York I feel bad for Steve Weinberg. He's got to be going crazy. You can't have Jim has him been open in months He can't hold any shows up there Yeah, you know it's he's got to do you know he doesn't want to hold the show I know a lot of people are probably you know want to do it. They need to limp your qualifier So I guess Tim Gardner show went off well right this week So they must have contacted the hotel where he's held it and I guess they they said we can make it happen So they're gonna be doing New York pro in Tampa Which is kind of weird because you know the New York pro has always been known for the New York audience right that's a bad show for night a champions and then what I got converted even to New York pro The audience is what made that show special you know if you can make it here you can make it anywhere the old New York saying Does it go does it still hold your hands? Yeah, I mean it's it's just that the end of the day it's it's really important that they had the show Simply because I mean they have to you have to have these shows if you're gonna salvage the year Yeah You know I'm not a driver if you're doing the show because because you know what there's no way they make a money on the show Zero way Zero it's He's not Yeah, yeah I don't know amateur show so such Just to just open up the door Cosmaut you know fortune just to open up the door. Hi. We have to venue. Hi the hotel. We're here Hi with flying in judges And love love lots fortune small fortune so it really is so You know you're gonna have a limited audience again Right, I mean you have to yeah, I think you do the live show again probably yeah I don't know how they have if if Tim did well in that or not But There was a valuable obviously for people to do it But it's great that they haven't it it's funny that they haven't Yeah, but Better than anything Who you think really is gonna be in the show? I don't know Said like I can't have to guys from Tampa And you know what mean you've probably guaranteed those you know that and you know who else You don't know because you don't know you did you know I know people who And it it's not the people I help everyone's in the same boat Everyone's practiced for every show has been hindered to a mild degree and to a major degree Yeah, you know and and so many people have had shows post-poned it that they've throw some people I know a throne in the tall and safe shed it down this year Some people so well keep on going some people go off the diet on the diet on the diet off the diet you know So I don't know who they're gonna get in line up. I mean don't get people in line up for sure, you know And I see they've added no women's body but linked to the lineup that's cool because wings of strength stepped up So Jake would once again sponsoring Putting up some money for this show that that's great Make it in happen Man in five you know I've said it before five was a woman body builder I mean if I was a woman's physique and that I'd be doing all these women's body Nope, nope, they won't listen I told Shai know Shelby starts. He's got a bunch of women's physique and that is the help I said you should put him put him in the body building What do you crazy and how much? Who knows how much? I guarantee they give you more money away from Miss Olympia They're gonna give them from the physical women's physique with the a champ okay I already said I want I want to see Iris Kyle and Shini grant us why don't you take a take a gas stay What do you think again? I give away for Miss Olympia. I'll take a gas. I'll write it down There you go 100,000 yeah, hey, want me show you I wrote it on a hundred what is that You see that I wrote down club was not 100 yeah, I start called it The great thing to that would be would still be winners on the match game yeah Match game yeah, we got a fly yeah I think that these women physique women I'm missing the boat I said they can I should have said it should combine the I already told you this I think they should combine the divisions but if they don't do that Women's physique girls dummies do the women's body building shows that are coming up qualified for the Olympia when A lot of money I'll tell you what sit in place 100 for first maybe Jake will even go higher than that Second place is not gonna be 16 it's not gonna like drop off a cliff. Yeah, something big Or he might do for first he might well he does he what he do 50,000 plus the car left so there's a hundred right there you can do 75 plus the car Garity is gonna be a nice price package That's his thing he loves the women body balls, but you know what these women's physique girls are Just as big You know I people think Iris Kyle is this crazy huge body builder No, she's like a hundred sixty pounds on stage these women girls are a big of them that Yeah I'm telling you I would tell I would if I was the time Look no one's gonna be chanique grant we know that unless she decides to do something happens to her if I was the second third fourth Race girl from last year and the women I would do body building I would do body building Forget I got a good beat and Iris and they really would be in chanique grant Let's for sure and if I was she week I would do women's body building if they would give them away that much money I'd be like you know what screw this I'm doing women's body She should do the she should do the near pro and women's body But she's from Jersey Do the near pro when that and body building and then do the Olympia and body building I was kind of a verse Shini Grant is almost as exciting as is kind of I'm gonna say I got a new spoon that's almost excited I know you got a new spoon. That's like I know you're gonna say that Who's that that's the better one? I'm right my ears at the end of a career. Shini said the beginning of a career who wins chanique for his iris? Well, chanique could easily gain four pounds of muscle. That's She's definitely gonna be bigger than she was last year She's not gonna be as big as iris obviously But she's probably gonna her waist is probably half the size of iris's yeah Who wins? I don't know. I don't know. I love the same iris of the six hours cardio a day though She needs to get down and she needs to. She needs to. She needs to. She needs to. She's always in the Greg's shift the last couple years. I'm sure it would be a great battle and you know what the two of them would love it too Because it would bring so much attention to women's body building again People would be talking about it Say it's time to jump in Dashi Lexi jump in She's not gonna pull down or go to the To the commentary yeah, and then before I'm here. I'm gonna do it. I'd love to see that too That's that's like landed jumping in is like hiding in the show Shini going up against iris is like flex Lewis you know going up to a gen's I'm curious All right, okay, I get I get spell you know, yes Well, it does does yeah Smack talk between flex Lewis and Phil wins you Well, you're gonna get it between Phil and Brandon yeah, you won't get it flex will be like That's ain't gonna play nothing like politically say I respect all these champions Yeah, branding Great champion great champion day Julie So you're gonna You are gonna get it from Brandon and you're gonna get it from Phil You're gonna get it big time once branding is he's very quiet too You you will get it it's gonna be a love fast-up there, but we know Running into the show Listen the only person you're gonna get any smack talk out of as if they show up would be dexter And roadie if they think we can get them in the line, you know Yeah, I'm wrote them to have a lot of things to say at the press conference before He'd make the if he got in the show he'd make the whole he probably would be almost better than Kai there I mean Kai obviously fan favorite, but roadie would be great because it's like This guy keeps getting stuff taken away from them, you know just just before he's about to accomplish something great, you know He's Mr Olympian and he can't even defend the title so And me no one's gone through more bull over the last couple years than him so He would certainly have a lot to say the press conference. Yeah, maybe you can get Alan as a lawyer. Yeah He's got a guy trial already right I mean the thing is taking forever. I mean what I don't know what the hell is going on here This trial I got I wish we knew I said at last week I said if Find out from the lawyer You know a lot of lawyers yeah What is the average time it takes To go to court the problem is with this whole COVID thing It's probably taking before that even that's March Or would you went to trial before fucking roadie went to trial? I don't know I know what that'll take it so well like that one's a murder Well, this is rapies facing jail time. I mean unless his unless his side of his lawyers You don't have to prepare some kind of special trial for I don't know maybe maybe Maybe Let's see maybe he won't get a fair trial and He's but he's got to get tried so I mean unless the just seeing the charges. I mean I don't see you know that happening he's gonna have to go to trial and then when this thing you know Look if if it's a weak case and he's got a good lawyer They can win because remember the only only need one juror to say He's guilty. He's not guilty. You know They gotta get a unanimous guilty verdict for him to go to jail That's not gonna happen if if the trial if the case is flimsy I don't care is discrimination or not Okay, there's gonna be one person on the as you go through the right thing that's that's the way it is However if it's not a weak trial, and not a weak case, and then they have a strong case against them then these and trouble You know, so Don't don't you think if they hadn't ironclad case they would have had it already Now because his side could be delaying at two for you know, no no no no no Orations don't you think if they have an ironclad case? His side doesn't decide when to go into trial The judge does the state does the state the state don't you think if they had an ironclad case? This is two years in the making come out of on isn't the constitutions that you have a right to a speedy trial How speedy is this? I say it again if they had an ironclad case just Go on a limb if we had an ironclad case Don't you think of the other going to try by now? I don't know I don't know who's the one delaying. I don't know if it's the state or his side Well the states the one who picks the date right but can't I know I know like you can't fire motions to dismiss certain evidence and stuff like that That could be going What's only on the dirt like delay in this long who knows? I don't know I don't know what's going on how can we kid this is how come the stuff is that public knows you know in Florida everything's public record I don't know we don't have some listener open I got it your grandma on this case to start covering it right? Yeah, he's married to a while. I don't know that's right. I'll ask him tomorrow. Or you can get uh that's come on after I was you can get the guy with the arms Down to you Don't you know who he'll fill no You know what's his legal expertise He'll just wing it. Yeah, yeah, it was a new march to Clark. I was very good friends If if if you had for any case Valentino on a jury hit poison the whole entire Right, he never looked at looking hey with dismiss him in three seconds if you have a kid you know when they You're a question you know because you know if you're not a big dismiss No, no, it'd be smart enough to like Caunt not calm but slide his way into any jury and then right he would poison that help me that in a good way He would just not stop you take the opposed if you want it be asking questions you're exiled You're a guy's version, right? Yeah Excuse me yeah, it'd be perfect to have on if you if you were right Invent Invent in pick the case Well, he he everything He's become very conservative all these I think he would send a lot of people to jail No, I don't think he's as liberal as you think anymore He's always what he's busy you become a conservative it's inevitable Yeah All right, well good news fill he threw in the mr. Olympia that's a good the New York Crow will take place in Tampa So Stuff to smile about guys at they come on wake up, you know feel good about yourself this is a good news for the body to leave World so far the Olympia still on that's a good another good sign a Tim guarded prove that you can hold the brochure and Make it work that was good So things are improving I guess you know I feel bad for the people in the York and New Jersey there are in such a lot Yeah, and those but I got to send that my my prayers to these guys at a tilless gym Yes, and Oh my this guy they went to war with this governor He wants to find them like five branded gay or something like that like some crazy amount of money He's he wants he's shut them down every way possible they've opened up every way possible It's disgusting to be honest with you and you know the funny thing is They make a good point some of the some of the places that are open That are deemed necessary are so ridiculous That that that they could be open and his gym can't be open is ludicrous, you know Dude, did this people you know You don't strip up there are our essential services. Did you know that? I didn't know that it's not surprising Look at stores are essential service. Yes, yeah Listen you see the Congress got to get there fucking bottle of booze That's why I see people in the jump food section in my Walmart three and half inches away from each other Scramble and for junk food I'm good serious. I'm dead serious. I believe I went the other day with my son and we walked by the you know the like the smack section the chips And he said can we get some chips? Yeah, I love chips. So yeah, it's for we couldn't get down the aisle. I was not ready to get down Yeah, because people They have the one way and people can't follow the one way they have to come both right they Crash into each other And then they're afraid oh Don't breathe on me. Yeah, well Honestly there foot in half away, but the gym is gonna be closed right Yeah, exactly. I mean, it's it's I understand these guys point listen Restaurants they're doing everything by the book too They're doing it every help precaution possible leave them a fucking low and they want to just fucking make a living for themselves I don't understand what's going on here Well, like I say if you if they just shove it down shut them down and write them a check for the blast money Yeah, instead they're finding them because they they want to open the gym All right guys you guys out there. I we were pushing for you over there in that till us gym don't give up a good fight I know you might become the the martyrs and the victims, but you know what and I know it's cost you a fortune But you know what you guys are gonna help change things because if everyone just gives in Then nothing changes so I We respect you you know as people who love to train That you are not getting in and you're giving your members in the ability to work out during a situation that's Just not good, you know, and that's the way it is All right guys, you know what to do like we say every week remember With heavy muscle radio the truth hearts good night everyone. We'll see you next week You