I mean, can you be accused of stealing money from Alex Massell if you are the only owner, for example? I mentioned that I can enjoy the accused of being a leader enterprise in South America. I mean, shouldn't mind bothering to me and I always wondered that the people even think for a second before they said something to them out and saying whatever. I was charged for robbery and grand-tathed space. Some of the intimate international news is going to be a key. What did I feel? My own money? What went on when you were in jailed, Milis? Who was watching over the gym and running the gym? Was your wife still doing that? Well, yeah, she was the only trusted family and female. And then of course when I came out, she was a basic enclosed, and she was a victim by the new owners of the building. In the meantime, I'm okay with the most important thing for Gadgeta. I got a three year old restaurant owner that I came up to the gym to the house, or how I did it, the way from my daughter, my wife, and my sister-in-law. So you can't go to your own gym? You can't go to your own gym. You can't go to your own gym for your own house, right? It's the two years of seniority. Wow. Now, what you saw on her of the gym, which her name on the gym leases well. No, I mean, everything, if you, I, I was just a village and a lot of international management management, I was not your new. So I mean, I think that I had instantly a couple of given career. Oh, you know, so of course she was 50% older as they gave her that, of course. So, you know, I'm actually, imagine becoming out from the jail, finding out the total credit card for cancelled, the bank accounts were closed, and then you cannot go to the media or your houses that had a two houses, one in the next year or one in China. Neil, it's after you listen to what you just told me, people are going to be thinking one of two things. It is only one of two possibilities. Either you're a homicide lunatic or your wife is completely nuts, because what are you guys' lines? Or the truth is somewhere in between. I mean, I still don't get the whole concept. It sounds like she's very angry at you and she was trying to get almost like a revenge type of thing against you. Did you guys ever talk after this whole thing went down and try to work through what might have been the reason why she did all this to you? I know, of course, she was always denying everything. You know, calling me every man in the book, because it was an old foreign country, which I make you name it. The truth is always, the good enough amount I had all the two. Everything that I had actually, was in my car that I came to court and my April 8th, when I finally had my lawyer Robert Prince, who was the first person to go to the attorney that day, because before that I had to public defend her. So as I hired him, he told me he cannot accept any of this proof before he's a fishery my lawyer. So as the plan, I showed up at the April 8th, when I'm on the court date for a hearing for him to ask for a suspicion and after the hearing, I was going to give him all the, the proof. The proof was on a computer and the print is like about 5,000 pages of everything that I had for many years, you know, to prove with them things. About 38 different credit cards in the money that I didn't know about. Numbers alone, bank loans, that on my name, that my knowledge throughout the years, to life insurance policies for many of our each with me there, it needs to be even insured in my life thing, as the only one in the fishery. My little, that I never basically signed, but obviously was signed and I interesting to get you on the given, it's easy to know but he accepts my life for the show, the only thing in the fishery as well. So all these things flew right there. And basically when I was there in April 8th, my dad was excited as my wife flew to the hospital after all, because I had to stay on the 50,000 bail, and that's how I was actually out and I was traveling. And that's hearing I asked her a judge and the topic defender permission to go back to the river far air to visit my mother. But they gave me that right, that the thing that exactly where I was that I was neither far there telling, but when I came back, parents the bail bondsman was afraid that I tried to flee the country and they sent her a bail stating that my wife flew the house of the collateral. So there was an examiner that was directed at the same moment. I gave the key because I was directed in the court. I gave the key to my lawyer, I told him exactly everything is there. You know, make sure that you take his and as we as a key. What they found out was that he's doing pay the key or the citizens the same day, the same day when they gave the attorney to the criminal accounts and the attorney's attorney's file was not there. That file was already towed to my house and the claim to them that there was nothing inside. So there was no evidence. So all your evidence that you collected was got rid of by someone. All the evidence that you had accumulated was disappeared. Yeah, it disappeared. The file was passed in front of my house. I read through my life, that's the car. And I got to my computer and got for the evidence. And obviously she denied this. No, I'm out of my mind that was going to take in the car. Now, were you supposed to leave the country? Is that why they re-arrested you when you came back in? No, I mean, in the center, I allowed by the judge and metodling defender to go one month to the business, my mother. And so far, in the previous hearing summary and the February, when I asked for permission to travel in my mother's 70 years old and not be read itself. Obviously, very much affected by my situation and editing. It's happening to me. You know, when there's the reason to be the permission of the judge, but apparently I did not report to my daughter, but I'm sure that they're both independent and traveling. And the examiner is my bail. Wow. So you get back in jail. What was it? I mean, you were in a maximum security prison you told me. Yeah, the maximum security jail, much security prison. Oh. So it's an honest county, a maximum security jail. You know, a lot of lawyers say, I don't want to act as any, you know, I don't want to simply show anyone and know that stuff. I think anything in life happens for reason. I think I'm guilty of alloweding all this to happen. And I learned the lesson and I actually appreciate what they're learning, how to actually describe the profession, every little thing and be grateful for. You know, because one thing is jail and realize, you know, the other side and the other life and how, you know, people are when you don't have anything and you don't have your freedom and you have told them to get out and went to go to the bathroom and separate that. You know, you said to appreciate it what you have. I think as many of people you guys says don't realize you know, that and feel, you know, the kid who's taken away. I have a 40 hour lockdown in the history of the San Diego in a six man cell. And you have a one hour day to maybe a walk, take a shower and then see TV and they did make a phone call. Wow. So, so, how long were you in jail for total? 24 days. Wow. That was, was anyone messing with you? Did they all like asking questions about working out and stuff like that? I mean, you know, I don't know what school. I mean, that's what you get to do. So, I think you have real quick about training and about designing and efficient implementation. Pharmacology, if you know what I mean? Sure. You're lucky. You got all that knowledge. Those guys love that stuff. Yes. And speaking about it is not giving you. So, of course, I told him how to use the sickly supplements if you will.