...lives from the R Worth's muscles to your fists! Is this the Heavy Bottle Show? With your hands saved on the wall! ...seem to lay the neck back! Shaving practically, Peter K. Lovely Ар Fleisch! Tell him not to let those process burn! All right, while the back of the break on the break, while we were waiting, I heard a motorcycle revving its engine and look who walked in at Jimmy the bull. Did you actually hear it from outside? I heard it from outside, yes, I did. I was actually just ready to dock you too. It was just about the co-baked of the Texas. That was a big talk to me. I thought it was like, I've fortunately, I just got off work so I had to, I just... You've been working a lot? Yeah, I'm exhausted man. You look, I don't know if you look bloated or if you just look bigger. Have you been training? Uh, it's probably a little boat, you know? Probably more bloated than anything. Yeah. Yeah. I get a lot of, a lot of Turkey's slumber wouldn't work. I guess the salt retains a lot of weight. Why is it that they do a lot of the guys that do construction and trucking and so that they like the Delhi sandwiches? Is that just because it's simple? Are you easy to access? I mean, I usually make mine the night before. But I, but I, by Turkey, that's what I eat all day. I just said that. That's what I'm talking about. I'm talking about 20 Pepsi's. Now we have Chris Cormier, I FBB Pro and now Venice Gold's Jim officionado trainer of Champions. In the studio's oil from Venice, California, Jimmy. You guys make the same. I got a guy's man, way back when in the Palm Springs Gold's Jim. Yeah. Yeah. Talk to me, Chris. I might have never said you met him. Right after the earthquake, I met him. Wasn't there an earthquake down there? Man, he had a bigger earthquake than, was I in the one of California? It was like, wasn't it down at Palm Springs? Because you said you were selling shirts, shaking bake? Was that you? Was that you? Was he doing? Was he doing? No, I couldn't swim. I went over his house. Yeah. And that time, you know, Chris was an entrepreneur. He was making money anyway he could. I was making a big, I was making a more year. No, I actually, I, yeah. I asked him where's shaking bake, you know, what that means? Because because the desert, you know, shake in the bake. Because it was an earthquake in the desert. So it was going to shake. So that's something that doesn't matter. It's a little confused effort. No, it was an earthquake. That's what the shake in bake is. Yeah, shake in bake. It was a dinner game. It was a dinner game. It was a kind of point, but it hit hard down in Palm Springs. Yeah. I've never experienced an earthquake. Thank God. What does it feel like when you're actually in it in the midst of one? Is it scary? The decent Andrews Float line runs right through Palm Springs, right Chris? Is it scary? Is it scary? Is it scary? Is it scary? It's close. Is it you, I'm certain when it's going to stop. You're like, when you're going to stop. When you're moving around. You're going to home pool with empty out. And shit, really? Yeah, for most of the people who have empty out. Like, they cracked the pools. Just the whole, the Earth. The Earth is a world like a mitigation. Like, if it took a shit in the water, actually, do you fly out of the pool? Oh, no. Oh, no. It's fucked up. Ripples. I tell you exactly what it feels like. If you want to get it, have a feeling of what it would have kids feel like. If you stood on a, got out of your car on the Wingsburg Bridge or Varnas on a bridge and you stood on the bridge. I wouldn't move a little bit. Yeah. You could feel the weight of the bridge. You know, as a first day, give a little bit. You can swathe in the, that's what that's what it feels like. You could feel like the weight of the Earth. It's a, it's a weird feeling. Because I wasn't, to what I'm a Santa Monica. No, was this, when you and Chris met in Palm Springs, was this when you were living at a Connor's house? Yeah, I was living at, did you hear the story about how he wrecked that Connor's house? Oh, I didn't hear it. He did $20,000 worth of damage to that house. Oh, I saw people molesting 20 cells. Oh, yeah. That's what they say, man. I don't know. Yeah. I don't know what he said. And I told me, we're in this house. Yeah, yeah, it probably came with that. It's not a, you know, no kind of shit up. Yeah, they were throwing shit in it. Yeah, of course. What was he lifting that? Chris was a very, you know, strong lifter back in the day. Yeah, what? Did you guys ever do any kind of chess work? That's when you were at your best, you know? I'm kind of stood in the style. I was like, I could quite, you know. You were teenagers back then. But I was quite a bit. We trained in the same gym. No, we, you know, we, you know, and then we started hanging out a little bit. And we were doing kind of cool. Funny, he's cool. He always told me to talk out of food. I can't, you know. I think I eat y'all. Hey, oh, hey, oh, hey, oh, hey. I thought, but that's so funny. I got a booty show. I thought it showed. You were a muñe, we kind of can hang out. Yeah, go to the movies and live. And that's when I got the whole idea, when we started selling the shirts to shake a bit. Yeah. We'd go, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I was just, just amazed by how strong you were. Oh, it's brutally mean. Oh, this is not my, I just can find that way. There are that boyd arbor, they don't move the shirt. Yeah, they don't move the shirt. They don't move the shirt. Yeah, we don't go, we're about to get it. Don't worry about it. Get the fuck out of here, you fucking asshole. It's an Italian expression for a wine. You're a fucking asshole, you're a fucking asshole. You're a fucking asshole, you're a fucking asshole. You're a fucking asshole. You're a fucking asshole. You're a fucking asshole. You're a fucking asshole. Yeah, that we, that mean, we've kissed had a mutual friend too. We're the time we had this, this, this young kid, jazzed him, he's jarrid. Right. Is he starting to? Crystal knows every, it's amazing. It's crystal. He's actually with everyone still. Crystal knows every person he ever made. He's still in contact with everyone. Yeah. He knows, he doesn't matter what city this guy goes to. He's got a guy there. He's got a house he could stay in. So he's got a pick him up from the airport and he's got a place to tell a foreigner. He's like, well, why? Why? He's got a place to tell a foreigner. He never, because he doesn't break out. You know, when you meet someone, you might never talk to them again. He stays in contact with everyone this guy. That's good, darling. He's good. He only lives once. He's the lot. The twins always take people home and give a shit. That's, that's cool. I like that. So anyway, this guy, you know, we, we were like, I don't know if I met Jarrett first and then Chris or Chris first and then Jarrett. I think I met you first and then then Jarrett came along, right? Yeah, because he was trying to be a body. He was trying to work out. Yeah, right. He was trying to like, you know, do all buffered stuff, you know, but then that met his girl, you know? What is girl like, like, she's hot, man. I want to bang us so bad. Really? Yeah. Yeah. At that time, maybe early 20s, maybe. Cause then he's got a club. Then we, that's when that's when it was cool because elders risked themselves. But they had, that's when when when the pump paid. Yeah, pump paid. Spreens paid. Oh, people would go to their for spring break. The five spring. Oh, spring break was unfuck and believable, man. I never even knew they had a fucker spring break down. I didn't even. All the sudden one weekend was like fucking mob to what happened. I started trying people away because they didn't want it. Okay, one year they didn't want to have the G strings on the back of the bikes. That was the best part. I don't even try to cut that out. You can kind of cut out the different. Yeah, they were breaking balls. Yeah. I mentioned people's marks that when they start going to the river or else, or elsewhere. And then now they're like, oh, please come back. Please go back. They didn't realize how good they had. The best part was, he's seen rice burners coming down the street. Oh, it was like a bike week. Spring break went to have the kids brought all that fucking. It was, it was the bikes. You should say anyway, Mingler started short. They used to buzz around their old ladies on the back. Right. I mean, how the girls got to sit on those things. You know, you know, You know, The fluorescent color, uh, G strings on. The town people got upset with that. I didn't get upset. I loved it. I know what happened with this guy, Jeremy. I was in a couple of accidents. What if we're looking at that is? What happened with this Jared's girlfriend? Did you ever have sex with her? Well, what happened was, uh, you know, uh, I tried to, I tried to ask that. Oh, the rock that was happening. Yeah. Yeah. I have been, you know, I hit on a couple of times, but you know what it was, uh, It, it Jared, like kind of looked up to me. And she felt bad. She felt bad. She felt bad. Oh, so you're right. Yeah. I don't feel bad. So you're right. It's a good idea. Yeah. She was like, I was head of like it. And then she was like, Get her own, generally looks up to you, you know. Christopher. Oh, man. Uh, she was fine, man. He was too young. You were still toning his shoulders. Yeah, we were too. She was too. I'm a, you know. She was too nice. I don't know if you're aware of it, Jimmy, but it's going to be, It's Chris's 44th birthday this weekend. And that's why he's going to be going out. Oh, we're going to do some body and yeah, he's going out. Where are you going out in the city this weekend? I don't know. I think my body bones were going to bring me somewhere. But where are we? Yeah. Where's the part of his real, Paul? No, no, no. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, Jeff, the producer just woke up. The one thought you were talking about. Yeah, no, they still run. Paul, when who's at the maniac? Hopefully. Yeah. Have a day of the day. Didn't they have like a, they, they opened the world wide. Pono was something. We have a TV show. Oh, so. So, what's going on there? Are they having their own guys? No, these two, we met these guys from Israel. Yeah. Yeah, it was, yeah, it was off. I think everyone's going to vote off a game. And then the guy, and then see, Oh, uh, Zion. And then we're going to see. And then we're going to see what was the purpose. I don't know the hotel, holiday, holiday, uh, long time. What was the purpose of the, if you had to tell him something. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. The black little curly hair, who is best friends with the old firm in the, and bow. I thought that was off the loop. Hopefully, we're doing a TV show. So, you got that kind of feel. I know, yeah, yeah, yeah. These guys, uh, they're from Israel. You know, of course, we met them in the gym stuff. But, uh, yeah, right, they were bodybuilders, you know, but, uh, Why not one more than that movie with on the floor? Oh, that's old for several, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. That was a little over. That was a little over, right? No, over. That was bigger. I was in the movie. Yeah, yeah, that fight went on and the bathroom scene. Remember that? The group on the department. That's okay. That's what I wanted to say. That's the guy you should be with the friends. For my. Yeah, I think, I think that they should edit that name out of that one, but I, but, uh, I think they're going to win away. They're going to win away. They're going to win away. They do, they sell porn on tape. Pretty good, man. They sell porn? No. No, you don't want to talk about it. Life is paying. Life is dedication. Life is pressure. Life is p28. The shooting is evolutionary nutrition. The species line of product champion original thinking and carries it for the process to its larger conclusion in the form of a unique supplements that's strictly alert to the corn nutritional principles of Dave Palabo, founder of species nutrition. Visit speciesnutrition.com to purchase the next generation of high quality supplements available today. To purchase the next generation of high quality supplements available today They're full of here to the theory of a choice election It sits and all the fits survive species nutrition dot com This is the heavy muscle show With your host Steve You This is Dexter Jackson Mr. Lampieu and you're watching all right's most of dot com for the best covers of the Dexter Jackson classic Let's go back to So your friend Beau who's not the bow is in the portal boys. He's the guy who lives in this and you are The bow is taking you to posh. He said which it used to be called the sound factors And I know you've been there many times Sound factor. Yeah, I know you've seen the ceiling many times And you have to produce a happens to luck posh. That's one of his Well, I liked it. I liked it when it was still sound factor. I didn't go there as much John John You know I'm surprised you by You know I just I just just came to my mind. I was in Vegas And I walk it to the fucking night club right and there's Chris on our fucking one of those podium standing up there with a white Jock strap on So that's when you got naked in the thing He stripped down and then you've lost his metrics kind of check because of that But he was just a guy He was Probably the worst person the walking would have been Scott Kyle you should have pulled him around What's got his kind of bomb anyway, but you know He was He was really That's right He's protected at the clubs, but not this bad guy if I abandon that night What kind of shit happened? Yeah, white van sites white me Did you do anything about it? Yeah, I changed the van down And I started beating on the fucking door and everything Scott told me that I'm how to go get me You see a wild didn't there you see I didn't take much man for me. You know, I had to hit trigger fucking pepper Well now you go in there. I am assuming you know usually people get the posh at 430 in the morning They don't usually go early. I don't know when you're going you'll probably be there all night. I assume right I'm sure victorly yeah, I remember leaving posh. I wanted for in the morning In Victor was just getting there, so you know he goes out with the lady crew Exhausts gone but the saffectors are placed by poshers in the same building it's the same club essentially No, I got a couple of guns at least second give you a go Hey, the wicked kitty Oh Later on the show we have cat who does exercise for better sex It's gonna be damn interesting If you're gonna light me she can recommend some places maybe she lives in the city so oh Well, let's talk about like latrapies and the now carousel Marks he doesn't like you. Yeah Laughing Shit So that you don't mad I go I just pick a chicken on a street we go You're not really a couple you just go Yeah In my experience I would think that the swingers are the people kind of ugly in these places I don't know my stood up you don't even care Whatever's best thing you got to a swingers club yeah, yeah, they ever seen any high girls in any of these places Yeah, what's it? On the other side with evidence that it wasn't always honest about huge Bet Swim Fight it Beggolepes Bodybuild a girl Just fat. Fat. Where's this working on his fourth slabs? Where's everybody taking their rounds? They were just at a hand and there and there. But it was cool. Then I was like a bunch of them grouped around his wine now. The problem is that all the guys want the hot curl. So the other girls are just laying around and getting nothing, basically. And then it was one of Chicago about being tired. I had a wrestling in it. Really? Yeah, have you do it? Have this one? I think it was, you know, within a little always got it. You know, you can appreciate their pose and shit. Really? Right in the club? White, yeah, white. Oh, they don't want to be a bigoted. They're making it in me. It was white powder substance, right? Around. I'm trying to. Oh, no. I ain't just like a couple of things. Cat is. Cat is. Cat is. You're going to go. We're going to get tired on the next floor. It's a bra. I'm going to get tired on the next floor. I'm going to get tired on the next floor. I'm going to go and experience. I'm going to experience. What? Are you doing? Let's hold this talk. His cat seems to want to participate in this conversation. So we're going to save it for, for, for, I have to go. Actually, I wanted to just introduce one other person. We got the zapped stoners in the studio again. Yeah. He's back. Any any. He's back. He's back. He's back. He's back. He's back. He's back. He's back. He's back. He's back. He's back. He's back. He's back. He's back. He's back. He's back. Where's it going? Good for you. I would, huh. What did you know? What did you bring in for us? I used it for wrapping to. What does it mean? It was pretty good. Will Sam get a smoke this? What is this? Actually, ... What? This is, looks like sitwheel, and kick... Shit for you. Just not. Shit. Hey, this huge drop in water, has a shit's. I was just joking. At this huge drop in water, I didn't expect a shit man to come. Hell no man There's a ringo was wrapped around sushi, maybe. Not bad actually. I got a big story salty man Would say okay Why they called okay can they look okay? Okay? Hell no, I don't know Jelly bean He's a mushrooms He's a psychedelic mushrooms The question these act Of course, I don't know if you don't never met Zach, but Zach does this is this is a stick now everyone who comes on this show Ghosts is here Quite down So See we this guy everyone does this show what comes on this show works at Zach works out But he doesn't he doesn't do training with weights. He does a robust classes. He does Day long you give the guys some more to me We have to take the time I'll stop you to fuck this shit Cuz it feels good Yeah, he does like everyone who do like the step class He's trying to help he does he hangs out in the back I saw him I like the seaweed the seaweed is good. I think I'm tripping on it I also I make some cake I would be surprised with this No, don't touch me. What is that? That was fucking nice hey man. What kind of cake two girls won cupcake Homemade by myself What else you got in my guess I was trained I just had eel in here Are you tripping? Chris you're the expert here. What do you think he's doing? What would you guess the X to see? Milk Bobby amountus. I've fallen to You guys went to swing би style we need that stuff right? All right, you know what? Let's go to commercial break. When we come back, we're gonna have cat. No, exercise, exercise, exercise, exercise. What do you have? Yeah, when I advertise my food, some people... 90's dance dance. Oh, oh, what the fuck is that? Yeah, barge! You see it! He just wants his art. I feel like I'm giving shit. I mean get on hard. Oh my god. Yeah, I don't know. I'm not being. That's enough for that shit. Wait, wait, wait. If you want to. I don't want that yet. All right, we'll be back in two minutes. Fucking damn paws. So show you. All right, but it sounds like a harder ritual myself. Don't know what he'll do for you. Okay, let's go now. You'll know where they're going now.