To be Muscle Rigo! For Karen next guest is an IFBB pro. He's been in the industry a long time. You might know him as the guy who likes to take out the dog. He's one and only Jerome Ferguson. Yeah. Drick. How did you know? What's his name? Lonnie T. Forgive you the nickname. Hollywood Ferguson. With that company. You know what? You know what? You know what? I mean, you know, you know, he's going to take it off and keep it real. John, who is he gave me that message? Oh, Lonnie T. He takes credit for that name. You can take credit for it? You know? But I mean, I'm going to the middle. But John, you know, I mean, one, I mean, it's like, shoot 2000 water, whatever. You know, he's what do you think? We think you are your Hollywood? Because that's the answer that first did to the other dollars, they did 2000, 2001. And he's like, we think you are Hollywood? You know, so that's how it's, you know, how it basically came out in the beginning. It's stuck. Now, for people who might not know what we're talking about, when you would do your posing routines at the national level, whether it be the USA and the nationals, you used to do this crazy routine to who let the dogs out and you would take your hair out because you got along here. And you just let it go crazy. And you just do this real funky, you know, type of music dance and type stuff on stage. What inspired you just to do that the first time I loved it because it most people are so boring on stage. And it's a belly of it. You know, you know, Dave, I always been in a team to do that been part of my personality. And I'm really not a company, I'm a donor man. We've been around watching one hundred one-down nations, you know, and then like, you said, I like that song, who did the dog go? You know, I was like, I like that song. You should pull to it. I'm like, okay. And then I created cool dance, you know, like, go around and circle like a dog. You see, I'm going back and forth, Dave. And then it goes man, who let the dogs know? People don't realize that because I have, I don't have kids, but I have little dogs. And what I do with the dog is when, and I do with people around. I don't even realize it anymore. I make these funny dog voices like I have the, each dog has their own voice. And I just, it's like a really high-pitched voice that I do, which you'd never expect to hear me do it. And I go around and I chase them around like a retard, you know, to any person outside with that guy was crazy. So you probably do the same thing with your kids. And sure, and then you just translated that onto the stage, right? Exactly. If I just do my daughter, we can play around house fun. And that is, you know what? And later, happy, she loves to hear me all stage. And I just created all creative things from up for her. Who let the dog know, is dinner by the song, like it is. And I was like, okay, dinner by the song, I really had to do it. And I, you know, and that's how I do it. And then who let the dog know, so every, every one of them came out, did you? If I started off with a, you know, caught kind of serious song in my routine. And then close to the end, I put out, who's that said, dogs, dogs, whoo! I love it. I love it. Because you know, and you and I have talked about this before, that especially the bigger guys, most of their routines are so boring. Oh my God, you want to like, you want to like, you want to like, you want to like, you want to like, you want to put a bowl in your head. I don't know why people can't be creative. I know man, it was like, I'm not ball ready. Don't go, don't go, don't go. I mean, it was like, I mean, you know, I mean, I've like, so many shows over the years. And about time they get up to the big guys, I was going to go home. I mean, I'm passionate about it. And people in the same thing, you know, I'm like, this thing will be a fun entertainment. And I'm an entertainment. I love how fun. And do, I'm like, let's wait for you on up. Let's get this party started, right? Now baby. You're right for the super happy. And then everyone is like, why do we have to wait and then they leave with a smile on their face? I used to do the same thing. I wasn't the best pose, but I always tried to do something creative, so that when people left, they were smiling, you know. You know, they, they, they both are typical of show. You know, they come and see a show. Right. You know what I mean? I mean, you know, like, I mean, I'm like, I'm going to show anybody. I'm going to show. I'm going to show. You know, if people want to show. And I'm like, right. That's what it's all about, man. Give me a show. I agree. We have to have like American Idol for like, bodybuilders or something like that. You see the level of routine go up really fast. If we did that. Really fast, man. I was just talking about this with Melvin Anthony, who has been missing a team at the L.A. FedEx bow. And he's going to start helping other guys, you know, but some more creative routines together. Which I think is a brilliant idea. You know, I would hire someone like Melvin if I live near him. I don't hire you too, because you guys got creativity. You know what? And that'll bring you back to bodybuilding. You know what I mean? Because people want to see bodybuilding. But they really don't want to see a big body on stage. You're not opposed with, you know, the name boring music. You know, man, or, you know, they want to see a show. You know, man, I mean, I got these circles of the lane. But you know, you know, they really want to be a show. And that, you know, I think, you know, as it goes on. And because I mean, what I first did it, believe not. The judges and people really, I mean, the judges kind of like, the judges kind of like, has their name. Hey, what are you doing? You know, because I kind of changed the whole, you know, being with my little creative team a little bit. And you know, John, like, that's why he taught me Hollywood. He went like, you know, give me a compliment. The moment he was like, what do you think you are? Hollywood? He's got a love bit. He went along with it. You guys, I thought you could say, I'm crazy. I want to learn that bit. There you go. You've done more tickets. So that's why we're all with it, baby. You know, you've been doing this for quite a while now. Starting in 2004 is really when you kind of broken to that top five at the national level. You were forth to the, and the national, I believe. I think in the North American, you were second in the United States. And then, you know, every year after that, you kind of was in that top five group. Uh, however, it took you another five years or six years. I should say before you finally got the pro card at the mass as national when you won the super heavy there in the overall there. What, what do you think was it was hard? Tell me how hard number one it is to get into that top five. And then why is it even harder to get to that number one spot? Which I never did get to, by the way, everyone knows. You know, you know, Dave, you know what? It was hard. It took me years to even because I got 2000 and I didn't break into it until 2004. And you know what I, what I did, I stuck out to the North America. And I think I got seconded in North America. Right. And I should, and I was kept going to USA. And you know, I mean, I remember I think I remember a 12th place, but I think they played some play. You know, but, you know, it was hard, but what would really hard is trying to do this. Trying to do this hard. What was your problem? I remember seeing you do USA when you're at the way. And I was predicting you were going to win the whole show. And then the next, you know, you showed up the next day and you looked a little different. Were you having trouble getting the peak down? You know what? That's the biggest problem. I don't care what no one thinks. I mean, I get caught the dexter and you're caught. But the hardest thing was to get that peak right. You know, and what I kind of learned at the very end, you know, how to change your things. You know? The less you change the better, I always say the same thing. The less you change your better. You know, and all that law control, you know, because everything else is there. And then you try something different. And then there they go. That's what I kept doing. What was the craziest thing you did like, someone else's advice that you realize it in high end retrospect that you really screwed up big time doing that? You know what? That one is by when you take money. Eat money. Oh my god. How many of us is cheap? I think I made it. Like, six months. But those are the very beginning. Yeah. And I don't tell you a name because the name is, he's going to be doing really good now. He's doing something sabotage. Do you know, it was where a priest got his profile. Right. That was about, was like, 2000. Five or something like that. That's right. That's like 2000. Three. Three. Don't read something like that. I think it was four. Maybe I got it. So what happened? So he. So before he died in. Got him up and up. And I never ate money. You know, I was caught up. You know, but the jam was on the table. All right. And you just got the mess, man. And what happened? You just moved out completely. I was like, over, overshutter. Why do we crazy? It was almost like I was like on a set of things. I'm glad you're admitting this because you know, we would feel so horrible about what happened. They wouldn't even say it. But you do it, men, because you know it. There. No one just shows up one day and then looks completely different. The next day is always something that goes on and, and I, And, you know, we, we eat to reiterate this because you train a lot of people on a regular basis. And I'm sure you've learned from this you've got wisdom from doing this, the less you do the better. I say it all the time to these guys. And I see this crazy nutty stuff that they do. Honey, or or or like you said, Like you said, muffins or they start eating, you know, french fries or pizza. And then all of a sudden they go from looking amazing. Maybe a little flat to being completely loaded at a control the next day. Yeah, I agree. So, no more muffin loading for you. No more muffin loaded. You know what I think of, you're talking to me, you're talking to me, you're talking to my corporate. And what you bring to the state, you get it ready before you need the show at, they are going to be ready when you show it. Right? 100 out. The best advice, that anyone could listen to, all the listens that they listen to this advice. He's learned, Jerome Ferguson has learned the hard way and he's giving you wisdom. Don't ignore it. And this little given that he's the one in show, he's ready for the show, you get the little show, the simple stage, the show, what you got. You said it. Yeah, you're all the crazy stuff you're done. You said it. That might work out of your stage. If you have to do this crazy stuff because you don't look that good the week of the show that you're probably not in shape anyway. How did you get into training people, Gold Gym Venice? Did you grab over around there? You know what I don't believe, I'm not good. I don't know, can I see you? You are from Tate, how did you get out to California? When did you get out to California? You came out in 1940, wanted to be like Arnold. You wanted to be a body of the man, wanted to give him TV. You know, you did, you did give him TV. Yeah, yeah, that's what I'm going. What's the latest commercially, the last commercial I think I saw you did, did that plan of fitness commercial? Have that come about. Yeah, you know what I do, it was, it was crazy man. You know, I went on doing it and I talked to Lou. You're an actor, go act, go get paid. Look for a million, you mean, talk to us. We know, yeah. Really? Yeah, so I get there. No, no, stop your first acting. You didn't want to do it because you thought it was making fun of body building. You thought maybe you get some fly, because that was the problem. Yes, you know what, I think that, you know, it wasn't about getting a fly and give you know, fly to people because you know, man, you know, love you, you know, you know, you know, I'm all about love, but those are fact deaths. I don't like the way they, you know, they action body building, body building. You know, man, the way they, they doing it, you know, so I don't, I'm going to agree with that. But it's a TV gig, it's a, the one point that it's a message, but at the second point, you're trying to get into Hollywood literally. And this is a way in there because a lot of people saw that commercial. Is that over million five? Well, so. Did you make some money from it? Two. I made some good money. You didn't realize that I did a national commercial. They keep paying you every time they they freaking, you know. You know, just, just, just, wait, I just, I just got a phone call. What? 30. From my agency. And they wanted to show one of the commercial I did, because I did a key of car commercial. It was on a sublow lecture. Wow, that's a one of the short, you know, they want to show it in Russia. What, what do you get paid for that? How much extra? I like a lot. Like what? How much? A lot. Tangerine. More. Close. Yeah, no, people don't realize these commercials they pay you, you do two seconds on TV. I did a satellite radio commercial, an XM satellite radio commercial would have it's certain the future. It was as girlfriend at the time. And I got paid for like, like, two years on that thing. They kept sending me checks. I was like, it was like a kid and Christmas every time I came on. Yeah. So that got 30 checks. No, one time. Tell me about it. So we're having a talk. You're not to do it. Don't let shove it up their ass. Is that the right man? And I believe not. And I poured the, a couple months ago. I got too much checks from the final fifth commercial. I really want to show it again all this year in New York and in LA. Wow, that's awesome. Jerome, that also people don't realize now. They pay also. They do it on YouTube. I hear you get a YouTube check too. You do a YouTube check. You just do it. I'm telling you it's unbelievable. And that's really the next reason. This year, a vision. And I've made money in acting. I've been doing it for a long time. You know.