How did your lady come up with all this stuff to eat just invented on his own? Well what happened is that the invented was on knowing that he invented this. So basically your strength is something you work but is biggest addition to the concept is that if the word active so you made the tissue while applying attention while before people over stationary. But the only discovery that he stumbled upon something when people would go on this team for a couple of tunnel syndrome and everybody in color springs 100% resolution. Meanwhile the surgery was causing more problems than the actual problem. And then what happens is that orthopedic surgery instead of say well maybe he started teaching specific. So you want to send you go met with a very famous orthopedic surgeon and then they develop the protocols and actually did studies. And it's sure that it worked for a couple of tunnel and it applied it to lower back pain to elbow pain to shoulder pain. You get that type of guy that keeps perfecting it. You probably already invented it at the move since we started to interview you. You just have to get it to always try for a costume improvement. You probably want to be good. Geniuses out there and healing art. Wow and that's coming from you that's a huge statement. And the fact that he doesn't rest on his laurels he's still changing it and evolving the technique is probably a good thing as well. Yeah he costs the trust him. He's improving. You know which gives him a big advantage. And then you keep coming out with your courses or your ways to teach it at the end of the day. Of all the self-tissued techniques, which is the crap magas of self-tissued work. In other words, if compared to martial arts it's going to give me the most results of the least amount of effort. I love it. I like the drum Castro who was in shock to him. He does it on me all the time. Probably more so when I was competing actively. Every time I have a pain I'm like why don't I just go to the Castro and have work on me. And invariably I'm so happy because I forget sometimes. You forget it's such a magical technique really. Talk to me a little bit about some of the athletes you've worked with because you have some world-class ones that you've worked with. Who is your favorites and who are the ones that achieved the greatest results from you? Probably Adam Nelson needs the most mad old shot putter in the history of the world. So he's been a world champion and an Olympic medalist of all times. One of the strongest guys ever coached and also yes he was a world champion but it's also very short for a shot putter. And there is such a thing as barmichenic load barrage. I mean in most world champions or at least six seconds. And Adam's only six one. So to be a man taller means a lot. I mean because he was on the most powerful guys. Dwight Phillips who is an Olympic champion in World Champion in long jumps and there are very interesting guys. As far as teams, I really like to work your own national skating. I mean those guys are very easy to get very strong. You work with the Olympic speed team? Yeah and can, yes and then the boss was my medal winners we went to sports. And then in 98, I moved to the US and I started to work with the pros and then working with hockey a lot. And that's that. You know, pro athletes standing around. So then just try to be baseball players and football players and basketball players all the pros. And a good one of the pieces like that. And then there's always a worse amount because back then again, you know, the anti net loose. And the anti-existent and the athletes were not nerdy and that was the one here. And the news generation, the L.U.S. are iPhone. Like there is, but I'm talking about the guys that I coach in 98, the anti net. Not to get any mailers kind of odds. They're on from an athlete they want their kind of, I mean, I'm very most of the pro athletes that I work with are late nineties. They're why do you have to operate with the email but not the same. So now the business change a lot. But those are the guys that enjoy working the most. You work with Donovan Valley, too, right? I work with his carer practice and then, but I can't, I can't. I work more with the girls, they would, two the girls would want in Sydney. And then I worked with my guy that wanted to go in the relay Sydney. I worked with a lot of speedkills, I probably just bought where I've had the most success. Success. Success is speed skating. Interesting, and is that because these guys really, you know, need, no coaching really helps them to achieve greater levels of success? Yeah, I mean, strengthening was, for example, at the World Championships in the night before the graduating 70 medals just for Canada won't. So, you know, that's a lot of medals for the World Championships. And I worked with the American, they worked with, I went back and forth to Canada, US for years. But every time I went, I went, I was really good at the country, I went back to Australia. After a while, my market value was very well established at speed skating. And now, a formal Boston speed skating is contractive with the Russians. So, we're here for the Russians now. The United States has been getting hold of you before we lose it to another country. Yeah, I mean, for the Russians, it's a Russian system. It's a real, actually, you'll give up the US citizenship. What's the most gratifying for you? What do you like to work with more kind of athletes? I think probably the guys who set low records is most gratifying because if you're at a pro athlete, okay, they do better. You can increase your salary, you can increase your work of value, that's nice. But when somebody sets a low record and that person that they, that's something that no other human's ever done. And that produced low record holders in ten different sports. Do you feel like a father watching it like a TV or in person, whatever, do you feel like that? Holy shit, I feel like I'm up there with these guys. Yeah, I'm very proud of when they do well. But my brain is wired to that prejudice that the record to. Okay, I'll can improve, you know. Sit on my rules too long, because it's, you only get a hugy of this result. Right. So, if you don't produce constantly, then you're snapping, actually. I think in my field, I need to some guys that pretty simply, I can't even afford to still live on that. But obviously, don't, uh, I have the clients. Now, you know, you're only as good as your last client. Right. You're terrific. You're having not burnt out on it yet, is what you said? No, no, no. But you know what's a nice thing, now is a nice student. In my search here, she's a program. We only get level five if they produce a little bit better. So now, I'm happy you're a tissue, but she didn't produce a little bit more. So you actually have this, try strength and conditioning course that you teach. You have five levels to it? Yeah, and level one is basically, you record to the regional level. Level three is national level four is international, but not top notch yet to. Killing certification is just a matching in the world that ask you to produce results by level three. So in other words, if you don't put people on national team, you don't get through it for your levels. So you can't come and take the next level until you get a certain athlete to achieve a certain level of success. Correct. So level five, you need to have an Olympic medalist. But what I find is that the guys who reach level five don't back down in an Olympic tent to produce more and more. So, um, we should have all got a guy named level five. Which you should do enough. Uh, we're now producing in baseball and tracking field and also to the sports. So, and then, uh, only have some like 18 level five now, but if you look at the math, you know, that's up with 18 other medals produced by my training philosophy. So that's good. And then it keeps everybody because, you know, if you're not accountable, I mean, to get a certification and possibly I'm so very strict at any time to kind of get 92%. Wow, that's hard. Yeah. That's just a pass. That's the passing mark. So we're very strict and then the practice will be very strict. And they keep the keys it's like, um, if I refuse somebody who's level five then, I'm not sure you can help you out. Sure. You don't want to just pass people because then it shows that your certification might not be quite as good as you're leading people to believe it is. Correct. And then, for example, you know, uh, a kid is level four now and we should re-chublify some Germany. But, you know, I've got to produce a world champion medals at the University Games in the beginning with a country of Hungary, which is not a great country for speed getting you know, and they actually beat Canada, which is a strong, uh, skating country. So the Canadian is actually also the much of, it's everyone's stealing everyone. Yeah, so, you know, it's bad, I would like to see you or, for example, any, uh, UFC recently, as two students who each had their own guy, keeping any anti-service. So, you know, for the world title, so that's nice to see. Yeah, that's very nice. That, is there any students you've had that you're like, my God, this guy is so good. He, he might be better than me even, you know. Well, in, in Japan, the philosophy is, you're not a good teacher unless you have somebody better than you if a student. I got you. So I'm trying to, the bill, the guy that's going to beat me and there's, this is the best four-five guys lined up, uh, first title. How's that, Betha? Not yet, it's, I think, it, it means, in, to be fair to them, I started sorely, you know, that had a big event, and then 50 and those guys under, like 20, 70, so they got a bit, way to go home. But, I, during each of us, I had a them, but you got to realize that the strength was, uh, in Minnesota, they were, in World Cup. So, they were the biggest protestants in the world coming up. So six-pen, you know, bronze team, last but second, that's how you do it. and houses. So actually the NCAA pays more than the pros. Really? Yeah. The only place where I know where someone makes more is in your pin soccer where there's two guys who make $2 million euros each a year. 20 years ago that was unfounded, but we don't know when it made that much money. But it goes to show that teams are recognizing well, you just a number of mandates. I mean, a good strength coach can reduce numbers of man days lost by 40 percent. So if you get a $1 million per roll and just be a simple math, you'll see $1 a year on man days and you reduce a 40 percent of that, then you save the team to $2.4 million. So the bank is trying to get this and go to his cheap actually to hire him. Even if you plan half a million. So in soccer to pay $2 million is worth it because the salary is just so much higher that you know, and all percentages it pays well. Sure. No, it makes sense. Now you have two clinics you run right? One in Colorado springs and one in Rhode Island. Actually, the one in Rhode Island is our beach center. We have plans to wear one in Chicago. And then we roping up one in Dublin next few months. So well. And then the next one at the edge is Florida.