Heavy muscle, real. Our next guest is an accomplished IFBB Pro Bodybuilder, best known as the Mind. He has trained many top IFBB bodybuilders, as well as himself to victories in the Pro ranks. We have not heard very much from him the last couple years, but we got him back here, only on our X muscle. Welcome Milo Sarchev. Hi there, thank you for having me. We tracked you down at the Tuckawal, but we found you in the Dominican Republic of all places. How the heck did you get there? Well, actually, I got you. I was in a few months, I went for a bodybuilder, a type of traffic booth, and a pleatum. I met three guys from the American Republic, and we were just training with a super intensity. And as I decided, I wanted to go back in training and made it compete in 2000s. I asked for me to build extra reconsidered heavy mid-year, so I can maybe work for the gym and do my best. I'm sharing with them. So that you can make me train with my friends at the Clon Call of Scemo, who I'm called as Rayas and I'm a Guillermo. They're my favorite partners in the Mexican Academy, in the five weeks. Actually, six weeks, not that I train, I'm pretty much back to my normal offseason kind of condition. So, 52 in the United States, so I believe I'm going to compete next to this year actually 2000s. Like a movie, we start at the end, and then we go backwards. So right now you're at 252, things are going well, you putps your size back on, you're thinking about getting back on stage again. And the truth of the matter is that it took you, you've been through a lot of drama the last several years. And I wanted to just take people back, because a lot of people think, thought maybe you went crazy, some people were saying you died, some people were saying that all kinds of crazy stuff I heard. I heard rumors up there. You made my rumor, middle-sale, like I don't have anything wrong with me. So, what number one, let's go back to when you had you gym. The Coliseum gym was one of the most hardcore gyms in the country probably. Everyone who went there loved the gym. I saw you at an Olympia, I think you were at a booth promoting the gym. What happened to the gym exactly? Because I've heard stories of you breaking into your own gym, stealing your own money, what happened? Give us the whole time frame and when this all went down. That crew, which just said, I mean, probably only in America, this can happen to keep him getting to be owned face to a business. Actually, it's not called a film gym, it's real shot from called film gym. July to 2010, I was arrested for pursuing my own money from my own life at my own personal business. How does that happen to me? So exactly you tell me, I came to the gym to pick up the father's. I picked up the deposit, I was going to weigh out. My daughter was going to cry waiting for me to get to two minutes of the father's doing. We can drive home. I was attacked by my wife at the time of the business partner. The one who had a little more starts, the same. Correct, because she had a problem that I took the baguette of the deposit. This is something that you did all the time, right? You did every day, did the same routine. For 11 years. Okay. Of course, you have a security camera as a manager. I don't know if you've been there, I don't even remember the very people who were. He thinks about five steps from the best where I had the father's to the baguette or my daughter. So I made those five steps when I came out and I was attacked from behind. Actually, I was punched in the head from behind to the point that I dropped the bag. Who punched you? My last step. The last step. Your sister from London should be milling Mars. Sister. Sister. Exactly. And again, if somebody really knows about pressure points and martial arts, it's actually a special pressure points that call Vimpool behind the right ear. And if you know, I have a huge library of the energy that's started through theology and that's of me, the psychology and martial arts. So actually, I had that book through the pressure points. So you try to really want to check. It's called Vimpool right behind your right ear. If you want to kill somebody that's too soon when you hit them. Right? Do you think that she was trying to kill you? No, I'm not going to say it like this. Is it not a little clean to do this or are you out of all places to defunct exactly there? It's kind of, you know, a multi-level thing, right? That was she a strong lady. I mean, I'm trying to imagine getting hit by a woman. Actually, yeah, it's not some lady and that's why I was actually quite shocking that I was from the time show a little girl on the 20 times. Maybe actually drop the bag of her folding. So anyway, that was the case. She was still swinging around and I checked the punch me, I basically flat her. And I'm seeing this, hopefully, you know, and I also am flat in every country I saw, means warning my punishment. There you have this, there's static. Right. My daughter was missing all that stuff and basically, in police reports, actually, she's just exactly that. I can close, I've seen my father coming in with a bag. My aunt and my mother attacking him from behind. My aunt and my she and my head. My mother is taking the bag right back inside and my father is flat my aunt. She came to the car and he drove home. And that's pretty much exactly what happened. Now, if you can tell me, you know, didn't you know, didn't you? Why would anybody, your own wife, attack you in the driving bag? She's trying to rob the money from you. Is that what you were trying to do? Actually, what this happened is for 10 years, that I'm running the business. There was 16 photo of businesses run from my gym. There were all these names and that's not registered. I don't sell any, it's close office. It's anybody who wants to check if they can go to our own county clerk and record it about this. So, let me ask you a question. Were you making good money at the gym at the time that this all went down? Yes, I was making these in my place for 10 years. Again, everybody is in gym business. They know it's probably not the best gross thing business. But you know, you can lose comes to the lick. And I was to have a gym for a lot of years. So, there was a decent business, but I had a three additional business next to that. However, gym business alone, as a close fitness, I took a photo of gym with making a certain profit. At the same time, my wife has registered 16 different businesses as a nurse, a shatial co-steam gym. With a carry, wheelchair co-steam fitness center, wheelchair co-steam with a fee. Then, of course, you'll gear co-steam there. And all this can be proved there in the town in the orange county clerk's court is up. It's an open parameter to check. There was 16 different businesses with my wife's family was running inside my gym. And the reason why they attacked me was because in that deposit that day, they were sexually deported for the physical business, not just for mine. Wow. So, the reason why they attacked you like the light of the pan on it is because they would be a proof of everything they were doing behind my back. Oh, so, they were, this money that you were taking was from all these side businesses that they were running? Yeah, that's true. They're doing a special day to come home because they were very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very much to the, what's been to the airport. And it was quite late, so they probably didn't count on the new county with that day. And so, they were not careful and, you know, they had that all this different business in that bag. So, when they do the bag, you know, it's coming out, of course, they attack me. How much money was in that bag, Milas? I didn't have a chance to open it. I'm going to check it because there's this bag that I took the money to the bag, I was going to make car. My daughter was waiting for me, obviously, had something PM. So, it was going to be late. And, you know, when they attacked me, this was going to be my, a lot of the door. So, my daughter was visiting. Inside, for different cameras, we were pointing at the place, you know, to prove what they have to do inside. But, to make some very short, certain minutes later, police officers came to my home in China. I didn't really do my rights to be in the American, it just directed me. It's just been to the airport and TV and in the station, he told me my charges and charges were. Rather, he ran past the domestic violence, charges and charges and agents. And I was just in shock. So, I told him, it's really what did I steal? So, he said, yeah, I stole from my own wife. I think it's really, how's him personally, in the United States, is the institutional of the marriage, the community property, you know, from the south. Every side said, I didn't take anything because I didn't end up with a bag. But, you know, I use the course. I say, excuse me, there's a poor camera in the inside, and there's a may witness from the outside, you know, telling me in the exact same way what happened because she did tell police officers you know, straight in that day, what happened, however, I was over the left. Now, obviously, my daughter, I can put the gun statute of blind justice, held his new identity. And it's so close. I was in the United States, right? I can't share with the free. I'm a criminal guilty of that. It's a little bit more problem of a criminal case. But, obviously, you see what I end up. I was in the 24 days in the National Security jail, waiting for a free trial. They keep bus-growing and bus-growing and post-blowning. And finally, on the free trial date, my only witness, my daughter, was actually taken by my wife in Canada, so she couldn't attend the free trial. And my wife, doing so that's, you know, for questioning. So, my family, hearing, excuse me, don't hear me hearing. You know, with that, and I would tell that I need to be a treatment rating for my children. I would teach child and parents, and then I got no problem for a child. Now, when you have a maximum security jail, to the 24 hour lockdown, and you spend it in the days, obviously you're spent considering your options. I was never going to be the guilty. I was always speaking to my parents, and, you know, I've had it like this, and I hide a lawyer from the other girls. Robert Burston, or I said, that's the good guy's defense of the family. You have a bunch of kids there, and that's nothing, because they were just like postponing it, because they're alive day, and then I chose to play guilty, you know, get 10 or 10 48 days' firm and probation. So, this is what happened in the meantime. Let me ask you, let me stop here for some time. Because I know what people are wondering right now. We got to try to get into the mindset of your ex-wife, why would Mil and Mar want to do this to you? Why would she want to attack you, take money, which obviously she felt was hers, and then charge you and get you thrown in jail. What was the purpose? You guys were supposedly married. What was going on in the marriage at this point? I was in a high-fin Rocky marriage as an infant, but if you didn't listen from being, my wife opened a 15 different businesses behind my back. It was 15 total 15 behind my back. What kind of business do we talk about here, Milas? It's online supplements, online clothing. There was just some food in the kitchen. If you can, it's a kitchen gym. Sometimes you're going to get a recipe that goes to a kitchen, sometimes in the kitchen, gym, sometimes with a... Oh, Milas, that's a powerhouse gym, Milas, that's a road gym. You know, so all these businesses, they would basically grow different copies. So she was following money out of your main business. Is that what she was doing? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. For years, you have to learn the why would somebody do that, right? That's what I'm doing. That's what you answer. And you know, two focus, I was going to learn later. I know that many people, of course, especially my savings, get big enough money to become a public delusional and a gigantic, thin, god knows what else. You know, auto-mame-mime, but you tell me, if I can Milas actually be accused in charge for studying, he's only running from Milas at your post-unsyms.