What's your right about him? He got self-saf. The thing was, and it was once again taken to Tissati itself, I said, Ernie is one of either great bodybuilders. I've got nothing but respect for Ernie, but he's destroying his disease by using Stinson and fighting decking. And I know because I suffered the consequences of using it. It's always like an education. Trice of way does his trice of service, he does biceps for way to get overblown. And then again, he ran around saying he was going to beat me up in the idea. That's all back in the past like he did. Why is it that people don't like hearing the truth about themselves? Because you know, sometimes too, I sometimes give, you know, obviously reports and, and wrap up videos at these different shows. And some of the bodybuilders get mad at me and then they won't interview with me. They won't talk to me. They go around bad mading me. And it's not that I'm saying that they're a bad person. I'm just giving critique of their physique, you know, most of the time. The bodybuilders made as I've been a sport, I've done rugby, I've been a national and faith athlete in seven sports. I've hung out with someone. Bodybuilders are the most insecure people in the world. And it's, you know, I say it, you know, my inner views. I look the way I look and I can fight and do all the things that I can do because of my insecurities. I wasn't happy with who I was and what I wanted. So my insecurities made me who I am. And you know, they just take everything to heart for the thing is, if you just say something nice about everyone, you're not, you're not enough in a last longing and industry. You've got the ball to be honest because these people who can be insecure and they're like 300 pounds as they want to get in your face. It's like, I'm doing my job and I'm being honest. The, I've got respect for people to speak their mind. And then there's lead tree from the other end of these, these mind they will say all these stuff about the world. And you know, it's just, they're not back it up and be a little bit hard for I probably lost the energy on the mono station now. People on the record, they were a mono I like because he speaks his mind and is full but yeah, y'all think that Lee, and the thing that really upset me about Lee was once we didn't appear together, I had all my shoulder had three shoulder reconstructing in two years. My whole life was being a big bodybuilder and all the time. I was about number 266 pounds normal looking man. He was being a parent with Lee and all he could just get bringing up with how small I look more and I was like, you know, once the twice was running and then people would come up to get my lot of graphic as what you're getting the autograph off the bike rider over there. How was the tracking with you another one? Yeah, and then the others, I guess in this spring, because you know, Lee and I've never had a road relationship and the other thing I admit, hey, Guy Grundy used new bay and I did stories about it all. You wrote about it, you did? Yeah, I was a new bay and I'm an addict for a while too, so I could relate to your stories you wrote about it. And I used things though, I wrote articles about it and admitted about it. Lee fed stuff about me in some seminars to other people whatever about me using it. I couldn't give a shit. I did use it like saying, Dave Columbus got best clarity. It's true. It's not an insult and I guess I must around settling asking them to put him on the spot about me, you know, you're commenting about me in the same cell and you're asking me to have a girlfriend where I need to go, no, I didn't. And then bring Kathy over, but the fact is the matter is he did. And I just don't like it. If you want to say one thing in one area, don't say it's to me and then do the same man to my face. It's one thing about bodybuilding. I've noticed we could do the steroids and everything involved and the ego. Bodybuilders seem to think that they're amazing fighters or families and let me tell you bodybuilders are amazing fighters that first up you need to know how to fight. A bodybuilder will rip you muscle in two seconds to try to throw a punch. You know, there's your body's not accustomed to it. But you said they're very big and aggressive men that give us some some of the bit of a stereotype. And you were always tricky because you were both. You were one of the bigger guys. But you were also with the opposite where you were when you were never arrogant. You were never rude. I never was in defining either. I just, I was about peace. I was who I was about. It's never really interested me. But when did you learn the fight? I mean, you're a real deal. I mean, you're a teaching special forces had a fight. Where would you learn how to do something like that? I've been living on the streets since I was 16. I couldn't even tell you how to fight. I used to fight. You can breath out of the dumpster. I used to fight with people for a place that's bleep. You know, I would fight on my life. And then from 2008 to 2011, it came in, I guess I went to the dark side. I became an in-thought though. I became a collector. I was a professional street fighter. Really? I got a year. I got arrested. But what what I'd run at me, I was an even eight months ago. My bail. You're ready for my bail. Everyone was, did you ever get your bail as a bad off-mire bail with one million? What are you doing? What are you doing? Your mail is a million bucks. You must have done some pretty bad. I went to the name of your days. I wasn't the name of your. What happened? You didn't. You didn't. You didn't. Obviously didn't go to jail, right? No, mate. As I said, I was a collector. That collector you're the street fighting scene and it was considered they thought of I was had mafia ties and everything. I used people in new people but once the investigation went ahead and everything that said, hey, you know what? You're innocent. And that pretty much black half cool. I was in a jail fell and I'm like, I don't mind being in jail. Be put if I get jail and I'm being there once before. But maybe you're going to do it five. I can fight. I don't mind that lifestyle. But I don't know me. I'm like, you still can trick your father. You've got a daughter. Oh, you didn't know you had a daughter? You're most important thing I was to protect my daughter in here and think it on the tough guy. And I'm leading my daughter unattended. So, you know, I got out of that. I always went broke there for a little while. They took out what I was making. Good money, doing whatever I was doing. Every day, okay, by the police, so I've got a totally fine of that. Good relationship with them. And that's the stuff doing this. Focus on the acting and everything. So, did that things in the scene will also be a bit too high. So, you gave up to the, you gave up the collecting. Because I was going to hire you to get some, some advertisers over your couple of bucks. I was going to send you out and over to them and see if you can collect from me. I know, you know, people. He gave that up. How does yard? How did you get into Hollywood? I see you're acting in movies and then you've taken that personality that you got that everyone really loved when you're rolling the magazines and just that I know in general. I've talked to you before. I mean, you have a great person. How did you direct that and channel your new energies now into an acting career? I've known the Blossom a little bit from my understand. Yeah, it is. I'm a very physical person. I like to the quality. So, I do a lot of actions. So, that meeting outside, but I also have an intellectual father. I didn't even know I had like school. I couldn't write a lot with the dinner. I lived on the street. So, I had a challenging upbringing, but the acting and understanding it, it came to me naturally. So, I, you know, I can fit here and convert with you on all the great teaching and I've got a lot of different things such as tennis, lofty, I've had training, say, yes. On the dividend intellectual, I didn't get into that because I, that treats me. I want people to just talk about it a hundred percent. But the important reason I've had six sets is one of them is I can act. I've got a certain look where I've got my, you know, my hand, my hand. We got my pants. I'm 225 pounds, six foot, include condition, the way I move. So, I'm a bit of an anomaly. I'm different to where everyone else is. And I realize what I've got. Everyone, all my age, and men just go and stay fit and get them the brony. They go and treat me down at the time mainstream. And I'm like, wrong with you. You want me to trim down at the time mainstream. Like everybody else. So, I've got a rely on my acting. Or I can be a big, free people can act here, or I'll lie. That can act and have my own little Nicky. I see you more as a character, rather than, you're not going to be the leading man. You're going to be the bad guy, or the guy that, you know, is a complete maniac in the movie. Well, mate, at the moment, I agree that's totally what I am. I'm, I'm, I'm the lucky. I guess the thing I guess I just shot was, I've been very naming it as a kind of, it's called Isabella. I was John Globett, you know, the legend, the medium. He's a bit of a... He can, from Boreth and so, because, you know, I can't think of his name and other really big guys. And I had a lead rolling, so I was doing things, people, all these guys, and the beautiful thing was, that was a bad guy I got to do, a choreograph. Fight scene by Boreth and to be, you were military to work on spec with this, and the state, all the fighting I got to do, car chasing scenes, and thankfully, one thing about me and you brought it up is, people seem to like me because I'm easy going and I'm honest, but I'm also not a trick or a bit on set on the most professional guy you can work with. I don't talk in a much-spot to talk. I'll give an idea when it's time, so I will, it's my mark. I'll ask the cameraman, hey, when am I in and out of, I ask all the questions that I don't need to be told and people tell, how do you know what they're already on life because I watch? You're a student, you're a student of acting too. Yeah, I enjoy it, I watch, and I get along well with everyone I said, I talk, you're on set sometimes for a month at a time. Sometimes, I'm just as a great, but I generally get on better with the crew, because they're more man, and I buy back the little beats that they're taught. And I'll hang out with them, it's pretty good, hey, I'm hanging out with her, and she just makes it annoying women world, but she's pretty, you've got to be there listening, huh? I don't know, I don't know. Another way, by talking to the crew, and I would like to direct the interview in the future, but by talking to the crew, I find out what this cameraman does, I understand, he's job, we're ready in my mind of a place where there's a lot of wasting this movie industry, you don't need this. So, I do, I live in either pen and I enjoy it, and the other thing, when you walk on set, that's the so arrogant and rude, which is amazing, people, do you want to walk on set in front of 30 to see people holding up cameras and lights and microphone for you? And they're actually hating you when I hope you do bad because you're an asshole. That amazing, I've seen on set in the movie, what was it? Not relentless, but I had another one or a company and there's a real human, I can't even, I didn't even know it, that's how she was in me. And she was, I guess a crew was on the little bit of a day client, because she's a bullshit and want to do. So we were all keen there in the house. No, that's an oldie, low hand, huh? So, right? I said, what the, what is it? What is it, Lindsey, low hand, was it? No, I wasn't leaving the house in, I'm hoping to hear it. I heard career on the down, down the spin, I thought it was her. I heard he's got a new role coming up with a, you know what, the desk get off, windy, low hand and get back to God. And you've got to, would you have sex with Lindsey, low hand if she came onto you on a set? I would do a desk, or I could come and tell you the story. Oh, that's, sorry, I'm glad that you're at least thinking, entertainment value, thank you. Oh, you always think of the story, like something bad happened to my life, and they're right now, these sucks, but tomorrow, this is going to be a funny story. Thank you, what happened? That's right, that's right, that's right. Well, what was I talking about or was it about? There was a woman on the set who was a prima Donna and she was acting like everyone. Hi, everyone couldn't stand. So I'm in the room in two things happened with standing there and I'm, I'm a very nice person, I call, I'm a blamboyant, I'm loud, so I'm getting a lot of attention in this woman, hate that she just tried to, to help the individual become a patient because she came and then I just got to, excuse me, the attention from Grundy right now, we'll get that to you. And everyone on set laughed and they will come out and let's go through it so happy that we will hate her.