I have seen some unmatched by the business in Spain, for example, at age of 76, which you would not believe, the condition that is really. Yes, so it's a few of the jobs, you know, I just found that the hazard of bodies is at least six months, we're being completely at a sort of one in different, you know, so it's very cycles, you know, as a turnover, you know, when we talk more into an over, it's a different over. I have a big fan of the great questions online, you can notice some of my mathematics algebra, your question is on, and I thought it was a good one, but those great courses went out on the few of the past 80, 90 and 100 years old, and I think it's been basically in fact waiting to die, so they put them on the training program, training resistance, based in training, and they're high-fledged by the pressure and the results are astonishing, so that was a proof that even 100 years old can highly benefit from training. You have a legit year old guy's and I get an up-on on a pro-body-bullies staging, competing against the best guys in the world, how do you think it would you be as good as you were? The last time you compete? I don't believe that yet, I could be because if I don't believe it, I wouldn't be when we were a bother. You've said why can't we compete again, once we're competing with all this competitors, and once we're going to build our ability to build our own free body-filled, we can pay for breaks, and we're going to be really given there, but deep down in the heart, you know, the pitch for yourself. For four years, actually, the most visible thing for me was, you know, to deny that, and then dieting and being a body-builder. I mean, that must have been, yeah, that must have been your worst punishment I would think. Yes, yes, and I compete at 100-centimes, whether it's too bad, it's a professional, you know, so every time you give people to you, you know, you're overdoing it, you don't do it, and I get into that mode of approaching literally brothers and family, you know, to time for me to start and retire. So I feel that urge to do the fish-based self-agentic elements. And there is no better motivated than a deadline, right, when you have a contest, and you know, you're going to set on that stage. There is no excuse, you know, and you cannot miss a meal or a workout. Well, I'm looking forward to seeing you up on stage again. Let me ask you this question, your wife kind of drove you out of the country, so to speak. Is it tough not seeing you daughter? I gotta imagine that that's got to be really hard on you. Yeah, this is the hardest part for me, and my daughter is basically very easy for me. I'm a difficult taxi report, I had no choice because there is no time to have a training order, then there's a special context, and I'm talking to her directly, she understands. She understands? Yes, she understands. Is she a daughter? How old is your daughter now? She's 13. Does she understand what's going on? Oh, yes, she understand exactly. You know, and she wants to mother, you know, and I want to listen to love her, and I don't want her to be bad to happen to her mother. But all these, I know a lot of people in my position that would think of some revenge or something, that's karma, whatever. No, I don't about myself to any cause like that. I wish her all the best, and I just hope she would be with mother to make child and to love her. I'm maybe to see her or in her position, maybe to have a good name, and it's a different point of the life. I think I'm going to come, Lary. I heard it's beautiful out there. Yes, please do. I mean, I think I can organize our X-Must-Bet. That's right. You can do the RX-Must-Bet, Dominican Republic division now, though. I mean, it's not like you can imagine that most of the planet is this. Yeah, that's what's good. It's always good to get a guy who's down on his lock, is there open to anything like you just said? That's right. Well, you know what? People, you know, everyone checks the knowledge that you have me listening. That's probably no matter how you do on a bodybuilding stage, you always have that respect of the bodybuilding community. And that's what I always pride in myself on. I didn't care how I competed, how I did. I did that because I liked it. I mean, people respect your mind and your brain and what you got going on in there. And hopefully we can start keep it directed in a positive direction, and you can start adding back to the sport that you love. Because that's really your greatest contribution, as far as I'm concerned. We are thinking of in the Repost-Metica as we said that all the perspectives we acknowledge. Unfortunately, I had another thing that you know, in fact, it's been from bad meaning behind it. But unfortunately, a lot of what it is, you know, followed the blind process, please, might be due. And often the nutritionists are really not nutritionists. They don't know what they're talking about, if it's either cookie-tatter programs to everybody. I know the key role original and you were older in the room to table and making changes in physics on a positive way. I was always paying to all my athletes. I run a bunch of them and I run my health. And if you want to my athletes, you want to have training with you that they were competing constantly. I don't believe in that so-called offseason, you know, excuse me, to put people to get fat. I remember seeing you all that's in shape and you're the time example of what the difference being 24 and 7, 365 days in a year. Often, we see again, for just half-closed, you know, showing up on the stage in the American shape. And it's really for me to write things for that. So, obviously, you know, I never really used that off of the words because what does it mean? And you're no longer about it, you can eat whatever, you're going to be confused to get big. Not going to want to get bigger, they want to have a more muscle. You know, you can do the reason a lot of calories not to be overloading yourself, putting your 50 pounds in and pressing your heart to protect the head of the high blood pressure and all other kinds of negative health effects. So, I didn't even say in shape year round, you know, when you're trying to come to the content, you just think to me to minor attacks. We got to get some, you got to post some progress pictures up over the next couple of months, you know, so that on the RX muscles of people can see how you look. I'm looking forward to seeing you get to go, you're going to do come to 2000. This one, like you said, I don't know how long it's going to take me for me to be satisfied with my condition. I'm not going to try any contracts yet. Okay. And I expect this, this is six to eight months that would be ready to compete with something you're going to fall. All right, Milo Sarsha is back in action. We will see him on stage in 2012 and he's available for consultations via Skype or the internet. You could check him out at his website, MiloSarsha.com. Milo, thanks. I want to do some more of these because I got some, a lot of questions to ask you and I need a lot of knowledge to give to the RX muscle community. So, this is going to be hopefully one of many interviews we'll do. I think the three of these, I actually apologize for listening to the video. I just talked about my personal issues, but that was just answering your question. Now we have to get that out. Yeah, I would love to ask you to give my point of view and training in nutrition because I do believe it's quite different. With people used to, it's not conventional, so maybe next time we can do that. Yes, we definitely will and we'll be in touch. The great Milo Sarsha. Thank you.