What do you attribute these the fantastic changes in the physique to do you think it's the the fact that you guys started training together over a year ago You know It's good when someone's pushing you a little bit the gym Does you lift heavy so I'm sure you're making him lift heavy. I know that Yeah I'm telling you that was the best thing that ever happened to start training with you I mean it's good for you too, but I'm just saying I think it was excellent for him because he knew he had no one in Germany That was who was pushing him the way you are You Maybe Dennis Welfel start fighting people in MMA in Germany He's making good money though. So he doesn't need a lot of it to do that Yeah, I could sit on his ass and lift him right in the train protein shakes I love it. I love that you're getting in the ring I'm really excited about I can't wait to see the fight which I go that that's great now What kind of arena are they holding it in is it gonna be like a huge place? Oh shit Very big that you do a whole like You know how the fight is walking to the ring to music and stuff like that What do you what are you gonna use what kind of music? My own song with that I was I was in I was at that and basically when it wasn't fallen yeah You got a music video I got to watch this I got to pull this up give me a couple lines of the rap sing a little bit to me I Dude in polish yeah I love it. I love it. Yeah, it's funny because as polishes people aren't real as polishes not your first language and you're freaking rapping in polish now That's incredible What do you feel the most comfortable speaking? I don't know it's like you know of course my own language in the opinion, but right now I'm so used to English or polish a little bit in the middle of them. You know if you come to Poland all is better than English Yeah, that's fine. I said yeah Paul is and now I do so much It's a bit close people like everyday you know, I'm putting into that and then I You know Mike for me every day or I didn't That's incredible. Did you work with people like I do diets and stuff like that for people overseas to? No, no, I don't do that now. I just I just have no time for that I hear you there go So what's the typical day like feel like when you get up in the morning? What do you do? Give me like The computer so like tell a car from wake seven or eight to black in the morning. Give that many emails Yeah, I'm not going you know like into the world. We got to take care of business a lot of stuff, you know planning my Those to Paul and then because I do it myself. You do no manager Yeah, I believe you I know Go to the gym come back again Need to get in all this It's something They've gone Do you notice that when you're on the computer you forget to eat sometimes because I always do that for some reason Get sucked into it Yeah, actually the smell I got and go I just want to do my Because we got the own ways you're show as well You're what what do you do a polish radio show? Yeah, I'm also doing I got it. It's a radio hoax Hmm So we feel my little thing is What is it to get idea live with your life like it's over class When the morning only one one week, you know, yeah, and what do you talk about on the show? How they should care about everything for diet, you know, they have to think some questions Or even could eat some advice like Really, you have a co-host who does it with you? Like you know We do two of us One other Paul is right? So you actually film it in your studio, huh? That's incredible Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's I call my studio What's the name of the show again? It is And we can get that on the Robert Bernacca YouTube page Yeah, yeah, I'm not used to page Robert sounds like you got a really full plate I'm excited you can have to keep us updated and you'll have to send me the link when as soon as that fight goes up on YouTube Because I want to watch it and then you can text me when you have to defy it's oversight I know that you're one and you're still intact Oh yeah Good Robert Bernacca will be fighting at the MMA attack to April 27th He's fighting Marceean and Najam And you can check out his new supplement line at BernaccaSports.com Robert, thanks for calling in there Okay, thank you so much This is heavy muscle radio Only on rxmuscle.com