To be muscle, re-o. Our next guest is the promoter of the IFBB Desert muscle classes coming up February 25th one week after the Flex Pro show. It's my pleasure to have back to the show, Strike or Solomon. Thanks, Dave. Appreciate the time you're giving me here right now. We got an important show coming up. You have the very, very first historical show. The first women's physique pro show in the history of the sport will be occurring in Mesa Arizona here in less than two weeks. I'm excited about it. I hear you got a pretty nice lineup too. I look at the lineup for physique. I was very impressed. I love the physique division. They look beautiful and that's the way I think they should look. We'll welcome them here and wouldn't have for anything better than what we already have. I'm excited though because whenever I, you know, this is the first of first. Historically, this will be added to see when it's from historical facts and women's division. I don't really know what to expect. When you don't know what to expect sometimes, it's an element of surprise there. I've seen all these women turn pro. Every women's physique pro pro qual for our last year. I'm excited to see how it's going to turn out. See how they judge this. Who will be the head judge at the show? It's the most like if either John two men or Lee Thompson, one of them, I don't really know yet. I know they're coming both and the both head judges. Either I will do a great job. Yeah, I'm excited like I said in the, the girl who wins will qualify for potentially. We don't know if they're going to have a women's physique Olympia at the end of the year, but I would hope maybe after seeing some of the quality of these girls that they will decide to add that. That would be a nice little set. I would hope so too. And I think I'm kind of expecting it to be a link here. They only make sense to have it there. But we'll see what happens. Yeah, I haven't really made it in an ounce of it yet. But the show is the Desert Muscle Classic. It's going to be taking place at the Mesa Arts Center. And where can people buy tickets for that? We can grow a website, and there's a muscleclacics.com. Click on the info on info. And then they'll take them straight to that page where they can buy single tickets or a group ticket. Because it's a little break for them if they buy like pre-stating a night ticket. That's right. Very smart. So when you go to DesertMuscleclassic.com, don't make the mistake I made. Don't spell Desert, with two essays. It's only that one. Siding this one they're going to do. That's right. I don't want to make it mistake there. So DesertMuscleclassic.com. Now you have the women's beckoning. No, if you have the women's beckoning. You have a women's beckoning. I see a hearing. Women's beckoning. And I was looking at the lineup two weeks ago. And I wasn't really happy. I was really happy. I was really down a lot for beckoning. I would expect maybe five times six times that number that I saw. Maybe it's grown now. But to be king girls, this time where you give me back a little bone and you'll line up in the roster. Mr. Arizona to compete. We'll go a hard job. Put in the shoes together and finding the funding. And athletes, we ask for them to fulfill. You know, whatever you want them to fulfill. To compete for a say. And make it a better show. So I mean, we'll put a piece of shoe on for the athletes. We want to see a lineup. I don't want to see it can. 11 girls or even a nine or we want a good lineup of athletes. So we can keep going. Right. Well, you know, it is the first show of the year. And I think people get gunshive in the first show of the year. Because what they do is they say to themselves. I don't know. I want to see who's going to be there. Which is stupid. Because then when happens, you give up a good qualifying spot for the Olympia possibly. So if you're in the Arnold class, or even if you're not, you're dieting for maybe a show the week after or two weeks after. This is a show you should definitely show up at strike is telling you right now. You have an opportunity. The lineup is not that strong right now to come in here and snag in the Olympia qualification. Get a win. Make a little money. Put your pocket. Some spending cashier. So it's not too late to sign up. And I guess what they have to contact the NPCFB office. Is that what it is? Yeah, they do. And then the problem is, would be late for your something. They can send me an email. I'll talk to Jim Manning about it. It's not even a email. Let me know who's coming. Who wants to come. And I'll probably make an exception for some reason. You know that we just don't have him here and help him out. So you'd like to have this. Probably the money that they could capture. And I mean it's a qualification. And you've seen him pass a game. And the Phoenix pro. Nobody knows who's going to win. No. I'm going to tell you guys what's going to happen is it's going to be a girl sitting in home. It's not going to come. Actually, it's going to be watching the old coverage on our ex muscle. She's going to look at the pictures and she's going to say, I should have done this show. I could have quite a little Olympia. Yeah, Phoenix has an unknown chance. And the unknown territory is for everybody. I mean, they come here. They're going to do a good. They want to do a good. They're going to do a good. That's the bottom line. And you know what? They're ready to do a good. The good thing also is that, you know, we're going to be there covering the show. And it's a great way to showcase yourself and get a lot of notoriety because you give us full access to the show. We have video. We have interviews. We have play by the picture. So you're going to be all over the place. Even if you don't win, you come in top five. You're going to get a lot of publicity from this, which is going to be a launching pad for the rest of the year because people forget what you did last year. They only remember what you've done lately. So I say, start early, get known, get seen. And then that's going to help you with the rest of your year's competitions. Right. And the other thing is that our hotel here is really cheap. I mean, it's the Marriott. And I think it ruined like a hundred and thirty book. Yeah, you got a good night. You got great. You got great. Yeah, great. And it's like, you even noticed the venue and the hotel, like right next to each other. There, point to three minutes away. I love it. That's why I'm coming. That's one of my, one of the reasons why I pick certain shows over this because it's Convenience to get there. Even though it's a long flight for me, I don't care because I get off the flight. I'm at the hotel in ten minutes. One after I get off the airplane. I'm in the hotel. If I got to go to the actual Mesa Arts Center. It's right there. And the convenience is amazing. It's good for the athletes. You have access to supermarkets around there. And you make things very easy. If people need help, rides, and stuff like that. So you're a very good promoter in that sense. Let's talk about the men's two twelve class. Once again, another, another first really. Well, not really a first. We've had some two twelve class. But this is the first one of the year. And I think that once again, I don't know what your, your turn before. But if there's any two twelve guys out there who are thinking about it or are close to two twelve, I would advise you to show up at this show because this is a phenomenal way to get your first Olympia qualification of the year. Yeah, I know. I mean, why is it there in not participate? I mean, everybody ready to need to show up. I think a lot of people waiting for the flex to pass over and before they come to Phoenix, I regard to it two twelve division. Some people looking to drop a weight to make two twelve. They need to get on the roster and come here to compete. You know, if there's no other opportunity to go to the Lumpia and kick on some money. Well, I see on the flex pro list, you know, that they had Mark Dougdale is doing it. And Eduardo Carrera is doing it. Now, these are guys that were two or two guys at one point. I would, it would be niff me, or but who of me, I should say. But then I'm not to drop down or try to suck down on the following week and then make the, the desert muscle classic, because that could be an easy win for you. The one of those guys. Doug else coming, he will be here. Now, Carrera, having a crisis, he already talked to me about him. I think he's coming also. Yeah, he is. Yeah, he is. From where I've talked to, when I talked to Chris. Yeah, that's not enough. Yeah, I would like to have a very good line of of two twelve, you know, and I hope the, you know, you make me proud because, which, what we're trying to do in Phoenix is create an opportunity for both of the me and the men's to twelve and men's open. The Phoenix show have the men's open. There's, there's a muscle classic, we have the men's to twelve. Gotcha. So they both have an opportunity to come here and compete and qualify and take on a nice decent check. And once again, my, the most, I got to be honest, the most exciting division for me, women's physique. The first, the young women's physique pro show will be taking place. I see you got Gillian Revelle on the poster. Yeah, beautiful. Yeah, and we did a little iron asylum, because she's very excited as well as a number of other girls who are going to be answering the show. The show is the IFB Desert Muscle Classic taking place on Saturday, February 25th at the Mesa Arts Center. You can purchase tickets at desertmuscleclasic.com. Stryker, I'm looking forward to seeing you in two weeks. Me too, brother. Can't wait. All right. Stryker Solomon, the promoter of the Desert Muscle Classic. Thank you, brother. All right. Two great interviews today. Stryker Solomon, the promoter of the Desert Muscle Classic. Just got off the phone with him, and he's excited about his show coming up in two weeks. And of course, we got the Flex Pro show. This weekend coming up, Chris, the C. Don't I there. We'll be there covering the event for your, all your listening and viewing pleasures. And it's always, always a pleasure to talk to the big robber Robert Bernaca, who is, I like to say, the freak of freaks. You know, there are freaks out there, but he is the freak of freaks, at least out there in the sport. Now he will be fighting in the ring and the octagon and MMA in Poland. I don't know what, they must be giving this guy an awful lot of money because I know Robert the probably not thrilled about doing this, but look, he's a movie star over there. He's got a movie star popularity and he's making cash and I take my hat off to him. Best of luck to you, Robert. And the ring, I have a feeling that he's going to destroy this guy. When this guy sees, it takes one look at the robber, he's going to probably want to go home, but you know, best of luck to him. For now, though, we are at a time, I'd like to thank Robert Bernaca and Striker Solm and if it's stopping by. Until next week, remember, with heavy muscle radio that truth hurts. Heavy muscle radio is a presentation of RX muscle.com, the truth in bodybuilding. To the next week at the same time, for another round with Dave Pullumbo, only on heavy muscle. Rehearsal, rehearsal, rehearsal.