Norms are always still this much. Norms basically reflect on resistance. But if you don't mean anything, for example, one in glucose is, because they're not with and range is 70 to 99. Well, the research is very clear for every point you are at books 70. Your risk of cardiovascular disease goes up to five percent. So you can be 99, which is within range, which you're under the 45 percent period of risk of cardiovascular incidence. Yeah, you're calculating a lot of this glucose, yeah. You're calculating with proteins. Very interesting. So what would you do in like a certain, I mean, obviously we're in a day and age, we Wi-Fi is not going away. We're exposed, so we have cell phones, we have computer laptops and iPads and all this stuff. What do you do? Well, first of all, it's turning your Wi-Fi when you're not sleeping. When you're sleeping, sorry, you're sleeping. When you're using an orcum house, and you don't get it, turn off the reduced to different. A lot of people use their cell phones as an alarm clock. No, don't do that. You say battery operated keeps alarm clocking by at a well on our phone, five bucks. Yeah. And then, and put, take your cell phone, the battery out of it, and when you sleep, so you get a little bit of radiation, because you're using a lot of times down by all of this, you're very good research paper that showed that if you wear your cell phone on your hip, it decreases your energy, so it's about 31 percent. I don't think I'm wearing my pocket. It's right by my, you know what? A bit like a nothing less than that. Yeah, so, you know, I feel all of these when you search, you know, then you look at shampoo, you send carabines, and whatever. So basically, I'm a bit of a big key, a day that it's to be educated. And then, that's how my website is. Every week, for example, we classically do the thing on olive oil. Look at these analysis of all the olive oils, the industry, sold in US, right? And all the stuff, which you, you basically pond on to, you're leaving it to good product. And we actually give out all the brands and what it helps. So you tested them all? Right. You tested it? Not me, but it's been a lot, but it got access to the report. And we published a two-part article. You know, a lot of people can't read research, but we basically made a video. What did you have to say for them, what did you actually meant? What was the best brand out there, do you remember? Can't remember. You weren't to look at my website, but the theme there was shown also is that depending on where you buy this initiative, it comes in the same spot, you could have the same name on the label. But, you know, the brand and active in California could be working in a ballpark, in different Boston. So it did identify which ones were best. I saw Macadamina, I've given up on olive oil. I'm interested in one. Yep. What if I went to your, let's say I went to your clinic this compound and clinic you're going to make up. And I had a kid who was ADD or I had a kid who was autistic. Would there be suggestions that you can make like chemical-wise, I mean, or supplement wise? Yeah. What would you recommend for like a person with ADD? Well, so ADD, usually the only 3THA is more helpful for that. Also, it's a very good, in a physical that very cheap colineocytal, which has been shown to upregulate or downregulate obesity. It's an adaptogen for all of your transmitters. So for example, if you don't believe it's a little bit too difficult, it brings one up and brings you to one down. Interesting. And that's a kind of good article on my website. And pretty much anocytal has been shown clinically in the scientific literature to affect 16 different types of brain disorders. Things like ink, or back home, are not precious. Speed of nerve conduction. So that helps. I said, there are currently no good ones. Gosh, you've finally done D3. I also had ADD. That's really, and a lot of people are so, we're all deficient than the people don't realize that. Correct. Correct. I mean, it depends which non-use, but what's considered within range in the US, even the iron industry, is that the basis? What do you think the right range should be? ADD to 120. You know, I'm taking five. I was taking 3,000 units a day, vitamin D. And my values came back at 35. And I read in life extension, it should be 50. So I uped it to 5,000 units a day. I'm up to 50. And you're telling me I'm still low. Oh, yeah. We talked to your Mark Houston, this play one best in the fairness, the specialized in cardiovascular disease. And you'll find that ADD, is that ADD blood markers for cardiovascular disease are improved dramatically. And there are points without David, is that if you look in the literature in countries where people can eat us up D3 above ADD, right? There's not a single case, not a single case of autoimmune disorders reported. Wow. See you think, okay. Well, if you go to the Demician Republic, and you ask people, I mean, Lucas cases of you see, you're running around the side of the door, that's probably the cases you've seen. They say I went to them school, but never seen us. So they know they exist, but they don't see in their client basis, not because they're extremely wealthy. And they, you know, 50, so much D3 in their blood. I mean, I tested my students and they DR just for interest and the average worth 123. And they're making their very strong individuals, you know, when you look at them in the gym, but he'll look at research out in the gym university. In women, I'm trained women, if you measure who D3, they're actually correlated to how much defense versus strength they got. Wow, really. See you think that the strength of some of these athletes are being suffering because of the D3 deficiency. Again, guarantee you that I went to optimize some guys D3, the strength levels go up. This glucose management goes up. And you guys will realize David, that every single detoxification gene has the three receptor side-press. So the toxication of foreign environment is D3 dependent. So the research is very clear now. Every single cause of mortality, known to manage affected by D3. How much do you take it back? I take it back. What I do with the research says, I take 50,000 twice a week. Wow, so you don't take it every day. Well, the research is tends to show that the body does better when you take large amounts twice a week than the same amount by 7. Did none of that? No one is, no one's for sure why. But I learned this from a doctor that does a lot of research with brain injuries. It took one of my classes, but he shared that with a class of them. We did, there was about three years ago. So then I got all my students to espoused that principle. And we took the same dose. So let's say if I got was taking 70,000 a week, we did 35,000 twice a week. But if you look at the velocity curve, I'll replenish them in the vitamin D3. It's way faster with the bowl of system. Wow, so you can store the stuff a little bit. So you don't have to take it every day. Correct, correct. But I think what it does is, it's kind of need a bowl of dose to saturate the tissues. Gotcha, so. It's like saying, should I do a set of this quarter of a day or twice a week to 10 to 15 times? I'll take you to a more strength. twice a week you've pushed your bowl to hours. Then you know, right? So you think that most people should start off for the high dose of 50,000 maybe units and twice a week? Well first, they should get a test. But you know, the beginning state of Arizona, which is quite sunny, percent on 99 was only 27. No, it goes outside, that's why. I do not. But the point being you said, for example, the average I-Riff is values for you, but if you work in double-inch, the LIC7 team between 19 and 1932 in the morning you miss summer. So, their exposure to sunlight is beautiful at best. So they get really bad, but what you find, no, it's a... For example, my average students most they're in time, you're finding them in D3. They're bearing improved. And finding D3 is also linked to depression. I've read that, you're right. I will see that we, we must publish on my website, probably one thing, a week on D3, because the, the thing is that it's, the research on it is kind of new. Only in 2007, I would say, that this thanks to community, starts to develop interest in it. You're right. What's the website, by the way, just so that people know. It's ratio of Charles Pollock on dot com. And what do you think about vitamin K? Because I know vitamin K's another one coming out, the least is K2 and K3 versions are, the people saying that that's important to replenish now. It's not just for clotting anymore. It also has innumerable other, you know, contributions to the body. For example, it's been shown through your research your skin resources. So we actually have a visual that contains both the NK and it for that purpose. What's it called? Omega 3D, plus K. Oh, so it's a bit of a waste of time. A lot of that. I mean, I always like to keep feeling capable. You know, how did you get into the whole supplement? You're a strength and conditioning coach. That's probably what, you know, pretty much people wouldn't believe that you were so knowledgeable and supplemented. Had you get involved with that? Well, because we, you know, actually it banked on to an incident in the 88. Yeah, they really got a strong end to dumping control. Darryel, we in Sweden followed. So then we have to find ways to increase biological recovery without even any bank successes. There was more of it than an effort. So I started looking to it. I mean, I've always been into supplements. You know, as a kid, but then talking to guys like morality, press quality and stuff like that. Really kind of in line me. And then when I worked in Monaco, I met a functional medicine practitioner who was the first time I met one. And he just found a mentor to setting the right track to learning about, but I think that it's, I mean, you grow a status as you recover. So she recover fast, you get a grow faster. And it's one hundred percent sure that it's, well, it is, it's a whole, you have to address all things. You can't just look at one thing like it's in a tone, the microcosm, right? It's like an accident. It's like a 40 years old. And it's just a song. Here's what we're going to traffic school girl. Then I have to guess it. Please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please. But if you can do a strategy, the problem with that is that means to manage conversion of service, testosterone to the pedestrian fraction. Why do you think? The good thing is that an after-all you could take the end of the two of the same job without putting footers stress on the labor. So I think there are eight right keys about it, the bulk tool, but we still have some things that we can't, for example, we can't tell some balance and we want to need it. So all that stuff is important. And we want to be a finished station AC if you post it a world-trust draw. And then, example, there's a study of there that says, hey, if you take Melatonin before you train, you produce more growth for a moment. Yes, but you follow us. We just see that. That's it, sir. Look, there's a shift. You know, so the B, B, and I don't know, if the body don't need some more power set paper and go to go by Melatonin. If I was to come to the department, he'd be a team themselves. So this is the one thing is that when people, you know, Melatonin shows it, well, what about this research? And I read 16 hours a week, a research shows the thread of, I don't know, like what's about it, and I've got a real full-time research thing, but what I find interesting is people will quote one piece of literature. They'll probably have like green tea after studies will show you the Russian induces cancer. But he'll get the studies that his chosen induces cancer, so he'll be planning it, that promise that he'd back himself, not to take Melatonin. Right, it's not to take Melatonin. He needed tea back that best. So, you know, I have to. And then I think the way to be ahead is not to be afraid to invest a money, to find so many more in YouTube. So, for example, with estrogen detuscation that I heard this woman in the North West, and we'll find you to detoxify a compound, there's another woman from Kegarver that I use. And if I want to know about the binding mean, it's a guy in Boston. So, you know, people are too cheap to pay for information to fall by the way, so it's a good investment. I don't know if 50 grand a year, just as getting people to dice it. Well, you have a tremendous array of supplements on CharlesPoliquin.com, and you can check that out. Obviously, you can check it out.