Do you ever you ever on a movie because you're a funny guy on a movie said Do you ever like you get happen to like maybe like one of the stars says like who is this guy? Where do we find this guy like is you know most of the people who are like extras or who are at minor parts are usually very quiet And they don't say anything you obviously have a personality you like to entertain everyone So did did does it ever come up like like where do we find this guy? You know Made it come up all the time I've been so fortunate from the lucky every movie I've done They've been picked by a part and I've been in the next sequel So for instance when I was on Is it Bell? John Love it's turned up on everyone's excited about it But I want to think I've learned about celebrities one Is don't go up and add a north man put him on a pedal full because there's a yes Is that and they look at you with a fan? I want you to look at me as another man If you respect the man to man, you know you still back to you Wow, I'm giving you your respect, but I'm not rain. Oh my god Oh, I'll give you a quick story that I'll explain this. I was no rowdy-rottie pipe at the Shubby lady rest well Odle legend this is my five manager Rick baston if you're out there Rick much love He even saw Randy's Randy's mate. What I'm talking about ready party pipe as many guys and Routy's got everyone around it everyone and Rick's like this don't meet him. I said bro I don't want to go and bug him. I said no no he wants to meet you on us for the AK tools We walk up and I should keep saying I said Routy I am a huge fan of yours. Are you got nothing but my respect miss and I don't want to be one of those Our whole best stand here and just take up all your time I just want to let you know I respect you. So I walk away two minutes later He walks up to me goes no one has ever done that to me Yeah And then I'm like no I broke course of course They'll be like talking and then other people will then people will walk up to and start talking to it And then I said listen rowding you don't know them you don't want to talk to them just keep looking at me But he always has his pen. I actually walk up and I just say hey listen rowding But I don't even know what I said I don't even be rude But rowdy's got any important in it if you do and I couldn't believe we're hitting and have someone Well, I had no handler and no handler there Yeah, but he was mate. He was like so professional talking to everything so So when I see John lovers on the set you know the way I look on the name looking at my Yeah, I think they're name looking guy right outside on the cell phone For some of my John lovers is walking up and I'm on the stuff You're my home you're going John lovers can walk out of me trail up but I'm like I've got a cool up got a cool I'm I just look at him and he looks at me and he seems to be looking at me We're in the I went in the back space in here. It's a were a last and he just goes He goes hey you do and I just give him a nod and then we've been in there Oh my thing we're about to walk in on tape I walk in my feet black out over the toes everything you look at me go oh fucking hell I bet you I thought you were and the kill me He was he got nervous he thought you were like I think I was money to someone and you thought you were gonna And then so I thought you were God, and that's what he goes where did they find you? He said that he was ready they find you I thought he was someone bodyguard or something And we got on really well that we're just hanging out and he was a funny guy And they're actually seeing the movie before I kill someone where John finish you'd be talking because he's Jewish and they've got this thing where they go oh yeah Oh, yeah Yes, and he goes he just says this because John's really into comedy and I love him pro Yeah, so he just goes my name was great. I think it was movie and he gets looked at me He goes oh He goes I do and I go oh oh Oh, and he goes and they printed it and they go that's in the movie That's great. Now when's this his a bell of movie coming out when can we see this thing? Mate, I'm waiting on the information. They're actually thinking of retyling the movie So I stood as like an animation you know what I'd love to come back on your show You've been up there don't win anything's going you find it's grundy Zing wordy for the world of Dave Philamball would like to actually be we we I got a lot more stories Because they know you got a lot more stuff to tell us about Venice gold and a lot more stuff going I know you've been doing a lot of commercials to him people don't understand they think you know They think commercials is like the lowest part of their acting you can possibly do but the commercials pay You know they you can make money with commercials. There's a lot of residual income there How many you got running right now? I've got a total of seven national selling mate and like he said National commercial be your bread and butter yeah, I'm all make For instance probably on average 20 grand. I'll make on a national right Tell people you can make good money at those things. Yeah, I've known people that made up 150 all it just really depends on how much you get run Right and the coolest ones I've got going on the foster big guys like I knew the couple we got to get together for these stories while I'll give it a run down I'm the foster's big I've got four with them and Then I was also with Tica do keep a mate on my name on a professional spider I break he's a rib during the filming of this one and he gave me a casino with a box He won't be featured out of each other at Warner Brothers I got it with fun bro. That was the land dream I've got another 18th peak commercial is the bodybuilder When I had the long hair people put it was going to come I like that to me goddamn it That's great. I didn't know that was you that that was your neck and russia Yeah, everyone thought it was going to I talk with the councilman I said damn I must have been and the coolest one I got going I guess the funniest one is and I think it's still running right now Is we've run and carry from funds with any keys or route either be the bad I love I love on that. I get one of my favorite shows We did a national Elmo commercial together That must have been fun See yeah Two bad asses working with a little Elmo gole was pretty special. Is that running currently? Believe it is made. I believe it is if you wanted to link to anything I can you know if you wanted to put them up on your web spider or anything I've got semi to links up put them on the radio show thread so people can see these commercials You're in guy you're a you're a terrific personality in our industry You're good for the sport you speak your that's the kind of guy I like the hang out with them We're gonna have you back here again and you'll keep us updated we'll get more stories about people you've beaten up and guys You want to beat up and people you might be up in the future But for now or do we're out of time here? What's your website so people can check it out? My thanks for that. Yeah, that would be just a guy grundy dot com and if you guys just Getting in contact with me there. I'm on big on the faithful thing We can get a scoogle guy grundy or um and also I'll really I'm really interested in what Eric Barrett's got to say about this like if you want to even question if I know he's lovely bodyboarding But he's definitely here about this so all I've got to say do I hear it? Okay, Eric. I'm I can do the friend of the entire world or the worst enemy and you're fighting out So sometimes you fuck the derong person homeboy and on the one is it I'm gonna I'm gonna get the Aaron jubac a singer to get on this story because this I want to find out all the details behind the Eric the Laurel quality of gold. You might even know about this and no matter what he says Julien's doing their rights and watch the whole thing and this is Julien who's a good fighter by the way It happened double in green. I walked up to him. I go Julian. I'm sorry that I did that in front of you and in Julian's work We're pretty looking for the only guy like that. I cut believe you didn't do anything The one and only guy grundy doesn't get better than that guy. Thanks for calling him Right, thank you everyone. Thank you. That was the one and only guy grundy What a personality this guy is I I could have talked to him all that I had actually to tell you the truth He has got such good stories and he doesn't pull any punches and he can bet your bottom doll that every word out of the guy's mouth is true He's just one of these guys. It has this you know that's treat respect thing He doesn't need to lie. You know, he's lived a hard life and I'm glad to see he's doing so well And I we got to get him to write a calm for our ex muscle because this guy is An arm of the story and I'd love to hear what Eric the Laura has to say about what happened. Oh my god It's pretty crazy, but this this coming weekend We have the Arnold fitness weekend coming up and we have so much to do so much going on Don't forget we have a the Rx muscle meet up six p.m. at the higher regency and downtown Columbus Make sure you guys show up and we'll have a few drinks and a few laughs and take some pictures and Hopefully put them up on the board and all those good things and then obviously stay tuned all weekend long for the Rx muscle coverage Christy technician aceto will be there. I will be there Aaron jubacca singer Minimal be there as well as the Rx muscle crew Reporting live from the event all the great stuff that's going on this entire weekend Which I will not rehash one more time But for now we are at a time and I'd like to thank Guy Grundie for stopping by until next week Remember with heavy muscle radio the truth Muscle radio is a presentation of our Exmuscle.com the truth in bodybuilding to the next week at the same time Burn of the round with Dave full of bow only on heavy muscle