In the muscle radio. Welcome back to Heavy Muscle Radio. I am now here on the phone with our first and only guest of the day. He's always wanted to talk to him, bring on the radio. He actually contacted me, so the fates in the universe were in our favor. He was a bodybuilder, an australia, very popular at that. He wrote for Muscle Mag International a number of years. He's now in the Hollywood scene and he's training some special forces in MMA. I like the welcome guy Grundy to show. You'd a mighty Hawaii. Good day mate. I could finally say that to someone who actually needed. It's very cool. I'm proud to be the third one. Yeah, we have a friend from South Africa, a friend of mine on Drea. For some reason, I have a nutty friend who confuses South Africa with Australia and he thinks that they say good day mate, and South Africa. We always say good day mate to this guy and it's not really appropriate because it's not from Australia, but you actually are so good day mate. He thinks it's all pretty easy if he unit a little thing. Now how long did you live in Australia for? My dad was born in the I'm not in 70. I lived there till March of 2008. I could find out, 20, I came, lived there till I was 28 and did everything I could do in bodybuilding and a strier at that point. And they matched it on the idea I was came out of the heat of America and the skin that got off the plane, I was basically the gold. You can do it for a clock waiting for it to open at 5. I could find a clock. You lived, yeah, you went, you seeked out the dream, so to speak. When you came to Los Angeles, was that an Venice was actually the dream was at Venice Golds, and you really lived it and you wrote about it, a lot of muscle neck. Mate, it's amazing how you need to be on the arm of the lower of attraction and energy whatever it is. But it's just amazing because I used to sit on the bike, ride on my cardio, you know, little gymnast, drove a muscle bag with a colon by a speed niece. No, come to America, a meat speed niece is the first person to do a thorough meat. If you pass as a weigh and I literally get a quiet, you start riding a colon that, which I always felt was, you know, something I was taking after him, so it was both funny, but yeah, living the dream, I just seen all the guys who expect to really yourself, all the training of gold, the DVD, the magazine, the thing that I was like, you know, what, that's where I got to date. I got to stop you, Steve Nees for those of you who don't know who he was. Was this big monstrous looking guy, you had to be a six-five or something like that, a six-four, and he was a big, you know, strong guy, and he just basically hung out at Golds Jim Venice all day long, and he would keep discovered most of the new town deck, because he was there all the time. He's the first guy to feature me in a column, believe it or not, too. He also is the only guy to ever get me at my biggest, the 319 pounds he put some pictures in his column of me. I look like, I look like I was going to explode. I was so big, and he did discover a lot of guys, unfortunately he did pass away, and it's ironic that you took over pretty much the place of his column. He had a column called Muscle Beach, and he would go. It's been a muscle gussle for something. It's been a muscle beach, muscle beach. Muscle Beach, I think it was called, right? Yeah, yeah, my older amazing, that was a huge, cool, me to meet him, and yeah, coming from Australia and then, you know, like, I said, you know, it'd be a link on, like, but we're not just wearing your shirt, but I swear sometimes, this is like a PG. Now, you can say whatever you want, you can tell me to go fuck myself with your hourcare. I'll tell you that on the radio, I won't tell you that in person. Yeah, that's good, fine. Yeah, mate, so it's just a dream there with Steve Neese, and coming to the gym, and like I said, you're doing something like fuck, look at the labeling, you're breaking, you're getting down, those veins are beating the masterful legs. Now, you did something interesting, because you want a lot of championships back in Australia, you want them to throw Australia, you went to the World Championships in NAMRI, you want your weight class there, or you actually say your high class, because NAB had did it by high classes. You've accomplished a lot in bodybuilding, but when you came to the United States and started living the Venice Gold gym dream, you did something interesting in the magazine, you started writing a column, but you gave it a perspective that was a lot different than other people, because number one, you were a competitive bodybuilder, which a lot of people who write these kind of columns aren't, number two, you're an excellent writer, I just don't really say that to many people, but you are an excellent writer. And number three, you told a very honest perspective what was going on, almost to the fault of making fun of yourself. Will was this something that was always inside of you that you always have the ability to kind of laugh for yourself? Yeah mate, I think like, yeah, take what we're going to stray a week call or take in the piece out of yourself, I mean, you know, you just don't talk yourself up, you're like, you know, I'm an idiot or something, you know, you just make fun of yourself, you're going to more in Australia, you're also have another thing called the puppy syndrome, people love you when you're down and battling, but then when you get to the top people start and I'm going to put you to make you fall over 50, that's just human nature. So I think I just develop a technique of seeing people that were successful, they're all going to take in the tip out of yourself, you like, how can you stop life besides like, you know, like, Mike Ryan, for instance, who's been a poor guy that's been looking like, but he's also calling you like, fuck, right? How perfect is he even? I think he's got to himself. And you know, I'd rather have fun in life and, you know, like, that people take the tip out of you, so why not do it first? Because he can get the way and get your own laugh. Well, I always say the absurdity is life for it, we're really making it enjoyable. Were you at the Gold Gym when what's his name? Matt Seeny. Yeah, mate, when John Seeny was there, John Seeny was there. Not for my videos, bro. I knew you were a fair and too, buddy. I've been so fortunate to go. Like I said, I was there for 98. John Seeny, he was working behind the counter probably earning $8 an hour. And but you always look, you know, just like, yeah, that keeps the start. He's going to do something. He's going to go somewhere. And he always had that comfort for the housing. But yeah, I seen him there evolve. Also, Chris Masters, who I think I was fully first person to write on him for the magazine, they must play. So he might call him and then he went on to be too well in the WWE. Well, I've seen it. I was coming down and it's, you know, then you realize, like, damn, I'm pretty old. You've got a few different trends of bodyboard. It's go like the era that I came up. So ahead of me, John, the guys that I was competing with, a lot of them have gone. So I've seen, being a sport change and then progress and it's I think the say with the bodyboarding now, I've got to, it's the way it's judging and everything else. Things like we still heap as the number one guy. If he's got something to everyone there, he's a good looking guy. He's well, and got a phenomenal physique. He keeps improving. He's got masks. You know, he's a J.K. Califlect Wheel of Connecombination. They do it up. Did you do you, did you get along well with Lee Priest? You're a, come on in your country, man there? I guess we get on a K. I wouldn't say with the, the fuck, it's a careful, I'm going to be doing any of you over there. Pretty sure, apparently, but I wouldn't say, you know, I'll be honest, now I wouldn't say we got on. But could have been my photo, because he was ahead of me and strier the legend. And I came over here and I was a little unsure of myself. And I had an unfortunate circumstance that like of meeting, clicked little with a total of, I told him, I was good mind him. He was Lee, and I was a little, I'll talk about that. And then I was a little reserved. And I never, I never walked up to Lee, that, hey, Lee, you're a hero to me. I've got much respect for you. Like, think perhaps that may have put our relationship on a funny thing. And then he's, and Lee, I'm not being rude, but the guy needs a milk crate to talk to you, but he's so sure, man. He's got attitude. You know, fuck for a moment of straight. He gave me attitude. I'm going to put you on a milk crate. And he, yeah. See, you didn't get a lower flex wheeler. Is that, does it matter? No, he was the biggest arphole in the entire world. I thought, I used to wear flex, but my older, the white, black, fluid home, where I would be wearing the long, tight, fit the black and orange strier. I found it just getting my gay slider to get into the blackwear mirror in America. But I admired him. And all he did is, and this is the first time I met him. But you know, apparently changed my blessing, but I'm talking about the flex wheel, but I met him. Yeah, he admitted that he was an asshole back in the day, but tell us how much of an asshole he actually was. Hey, I'll totally jump on that one. I'll totally jump on that train. I'll get two tickets. So I come and he marches 98. Flex wheel is my hero. I got nothing to respect for him. I'm at the firehouse. There's most important place in my life in anybody border. He's, you know, a male flex wheeler. Where the firehouse, my girlfriend who came with me, who was sitting in the city in front of me, of course. And he was sitting behind me, looking at his martial arts, looking straight at my woman. Just looking at her like arrogant and she says, he's just looking at me and I'm like, I'm taking a big breath, because I'm not being arrogant, but I used to, I grew up on the street. I've fought on my, I would be a really training tactic to the special forces. The long story shorty, Tim and I would have beat the living shit out. And we weren't going to go and have a little karate point fighting. Can hold of guests head by the demon ground to be fed into the ground. So you already were thinking about how you were to take them down if there's a game to go. Well, I was thinking I was shaping, I was so angry, because I loved this guy, but all that love and admiration definitely to hate. And all I can remember fitting it was, and at the first time I guess I was professional, I said, you can't walk up to flex wheeler, taking outside beats of living shit out of him. You try would do. On your first day here, it is the best fighting border in the world. It's gonna make you look like a total asshole. Right, come in here. So I let it go. I never did anything about it, but I've never ever forgotten. It was just amazing to see that man had so much power and admiration. And I know he had met study with an asshole, but you can say, hey, I'm sorry, but people like me had to deal with that. I was in shock, because I thought the guy was a god. And then friends would do that to me. It was amazing. And you know, then you get sick. And I've never had one, but you'll do it. Well, no, you know, they give you one of the coolest guys in the sport. Everyone's got something good to say about you. Thanks. Those are good things, but something good to say about flex. Yeah, it wasn't anybody. I've never heard anyone say one good thing about flex. And what amazed me about flex is the potty that he came up with. And so I like I know everything about him, retail, the Clinton, Chris, call me out. We're going to clean these nice, most loyal, these are man and mine. There's a new guy, very nice. The legend, Chris, I've got nothing but love and respect for him. Chris is cool where you'll be burned by a hot woman. And Chris will walk up there when I was going to go, are you still in branding the cheese, say yes, he would walk away. Yeah, that's not a problem. That's what I'm not sure. But it's like here, um, mate, it just says if you're there, he listens to him. He'll just, at the fans, at someone that came over from another country, and you were the greatest thing in my world, you were the greatest disappointment in mine. Hi, I love it. Did you ever have a fight with anyone over there at Gold's Venice, where you got to the point you're like, I'm taking this guy out and you just anyway. You got it. I'm trying to be a sense in people, names and nothing, like, you know, like, I want to get a loan, I'll tell you all of them because I think you did have fights. You did have fights? I'll drop, slap the few people, like, go. Who'd you slap? Come on, tell me what you're seeing. Oh, I can't kill a brother. What's the difference? We're going to get arrested? Come on. I don't know. Oh, I, oh, I, all right, all right, ready? Yeah. The worst, the biggest one, and now you all face that a fight human, I've tell everyone a gold gym, Mr. Canada, Eric, Delaro. You, you would slap the shot of Eric Delaro? Me and Eric Delaro, you got a problem with this. Grundy will slap him again. We had a problem. I want to eat. If he wants to talk about what he did, if you have a getting one here in asking what he did to deserve a slap for me, I'd like to know. No, I, I, I, I, I, bring it up, could have been embarrassing for me, but if he wants to do it to show the kind of man, he, he could do it long story short. I talking about the back of gold gym in Venice. Yeah. And make sure the cameras were on me. I, but I actually, the class started at a talk, we had a problem in the gym, and I said, let's go out and talk about it. I don't want to fly. You want to talk about it. So we go out. So I long story short. I've been in front of Julie, had the fitness model, Julie and Greer, up and everyone at Gold gym will back this story up. Yeah. I've been slapping Bradley this man. 280 pounds. I'm looking at him thinking about the, this, we're going to be one hell of a fight. I'm getting excited, bro. The man, ride, he's very worth it. Right? Right. And then do you know who my father is? And Ren R.C. he's hat and left. Oh my god. How embarrassing for him. Make, you know, and that's the next thing. And we were best friends, but I used to ride about him in muscle mag and putting him in my colon. So yeah, that happened. And definitely, and then I don't think that a problem with 30 tail-off, I wrote some stuff about him in a magazine. He told me the big triceps from England. Yeah, exactly. And once again, same thing with her, and I actually made a challenge here. My dad brought fight. You anywhere you want to fight. Thanks to it. Good long story short. I'm a little nervous, you might train or I might not. I think I'm through England. What I'm away on too are. And I hear again, this is off Julian Greer, the fitness model Julie goes, hey man, and he tail is looking for you. And I'm like, there, I need you. He goes, yeah, he's going to beat the shit out of your ass. Yeah. Okay. I said, first off, why are he telling you? He's not telling me, because I don't know, but he wanted me to tell you, and I might go, I'm not hard to find. And secondly, basically, the man had a problem with something I wrote in the magazine. He goes to go, do you little me? Well, I'm like there, that you might train at. Well, and they gently go into the UK, walking into his home, found him and going, where's Ernie? Where's Ernie? I'm going to beat him. And then on top of that, I'm like, I'm not saying I'm the toughest guy in the world, but I will back up what I say. Especially back in the day off, I'm more refined. Now I'm 41, I'm acting, but he's settled these stuff. He's a bad guy in the world. There are any, and I put an official challenge to intrude, not to make it, and everything, and you're at the end. Wow. He thinks me, like, if you're a man, like, if you're a man, and you're going to talk and do something, do it. But I'm not going to tell you, I'm going to beat you.