3, muscle, 3, go! All right, our next guest is an IFBB Pro, one of the freakyest guys on the pro circuit. He's due to have an MMA fight, which is kind of a little unusual for a bodybuilder, but that's why we got him here tonight, welcome back to the show, Robert Bernica. Hey guys, what's up? Go on, go on. Every time I talk to you, you got some new go-in on. Oh, yeah, it's always something going on. You know, it's funny because a lot of bodybuilders just sit back on their butt and they train and they eat and they compete. You have a lot of action going on. I know you're really big in Europe, Paul and they love you over there. We got a lot to talk about because you got a lot of stuff coming up, but the thing that really struck, I guess my surprise, because I didn't even know you were into this, is that you have an pro MMA fight coming up. Yeah, yeah, I get out because I'm going to take place in Poland, April 27th. And basically, you know, with one fight for now, and they'll see, I'm not quitting bodybuilder and don't know. No, they had this come about because, you know, I didn't even realize you were even into fighting, much less than to do an actual professional fight on TV. You know, basically, how used to fight when I was, like, a lot of young, you know, like 10, 12 years ago a little bit. So I feel no, with some stuff. So you know how to handle yourself in the ring, as well, I'm saying. Oh, yeah, exactly. So, you know, it's not a lot of folks going over there, you know, like in Europe, oh, bodybuilder, Kent Moore, you know, are different. There's, you know, the enough strong, you know, how it is. So I want to prove bodybuilding can do a lot of stuff, not only getting pumped, you know. I know you can shoot guns, because I've seen you shoot lots of guns, but to me, you always seem like a very nice guy. I have that killer instinct, you know, that if you're in the ring with another guy, you can beat him to death, so to speak. Oh, you know, I can beat him to death. No, you got your fight. Who's this guy you're fighting, is he a name fighter in Poland? No, he had a couple of fights, but he'd like you to be, you know, good, like, professional boxer, basically. Gotcha. Yeah. So they call you from Poland and they say, hey, Robert, we want you to fight this guy and some big event were holding called MMA Attack 2. And I'm assuming they probably offered you a lot of money to do this. You know, that makes some money somewhere, because you know, as bodybuilding is competing as a contest, you can make you a name, you can be in your build, you know, the name. What kind of cash you got to put in on the line for this thing? Oh, I can tell that because they don't make this to you. They announce when when boxes, you know, making $5 million or, you know, whatever, is it more than any pro-shut? Oh, yeah. A lot more than what we're talking about six figures, at least. Yeah, I don't know, just something. Wow, no, all right, so that's a nice payday for you. Yeah, so I think the most bodybuilders, even if they can't fight, would probably go into the ring for that much money. Yeah, exactly. No, let me ask you a question. Is it the, I don't really know that much about MMA fighting, but I have to imagine that it could be dangerous in there. I mean, you know, there's another guy who's trying to kill you, you know, and make a lot of money from it. You don't have any fear over this? Oh, you know, you're getting to the butt. I got to the end of my way, basically. They got to 100, 20 pounds, I think. Wow, what are you going to weigh in the ring? Well, to 80, to 25. Oh, wow, so you're not getting, you're not dieting down for this. You're going to go in as is. No. Yeah, I'm making all of you know, I'm just trying to stay baby, but still in decent good shape, you know? Right. Are you still lifting heavy? Oh, yeah. No. No. You lift heavy, but how do you keep your cardiovascular endurance up? Because you're going to need some, you know, if you don't make it, if you get this guy makes it past two minutes, you better have some endurance there, you're going to, you're going to pay. Yeah, I know, basically, you know, I want to take the guy and destroy him. And he's going to start his 30 seconds. But that's all good and then, but what if the guy makes it past 30 seconds, were you? Are you going to make sure that he's not going to die? No, what's your strategy? Just you're going to charge him and just start, you know, weighing on him? I don't know. I'm not going to take you out of the way, basically. So, I don't know how much I can do. So, what's the most dangerous spot to be kicked in where it's disabled? Like, what's the vulnerable areas? Like, the legs? I don't know, legs, you don't know. Oh, you can kick up that high, huh? I'm not fired in that, Sus. Really? Well, every guy got back up to see this on video. I'm impressed because a lot of guys that are as big as you, darn that flexible. Yeah, exactly. So, I still can just put it in today. You could do a split? Yeah. Wow, that's very impressive. Who's training you when you're fighting? Who's training me? Nobody. You're training yourself. Yeah. Now, do you go to a separate gym for that? No, I don't really train too much. It seems like you're taking this fight very lightly, Robert. You know, I don't want to sacrifice my guns for this fight. No. I still want to be big. Right now, you worried that you might get hurt or injured in the fight, you know? No, so you're not worried about this guy. No. Now, in pain, in pain. In Paulin, that they making a big deal about the fight, I saw a poster for it. It looks pretty impressive. Yeah, yeah. It does big deal. It's talking about the win, all right? That was going to be on TV there, too? Oh, yeah, of course. What? Now, we talked about this before in a had gym. The show, you're like a celebrity. You go there and you're like a movie star there, right? Yeah, basically. I have my own show, what they're on TV, you want to be. What's yours? Like, 13, what are the ended? And basically in a couple weeks, you guys coming again. So, you know, second studio, again, so back to the old, so we'll be coming in and back as actually we're going to start filming in our movie. So, I'll be there. Wow, so it's like a reality show for you then, huh? Yeah, I like a reality show. I know more to buy the building stuff, what you know, what I do every day and basically like this. To bed, they can't have a reality show like that in the United States. Oh, my God. She's basically you're like snuck you over there and only in Poland. Yeah, basically. That's all. You know, because by the building, there's like a little set of building all you can to go to find it. My girl. I'm beyond the end of the building. Right. I know, I know you love living in Vegas and everything. But do you ever get tempted to like want to go to living Poland? I mean, you such a star there. No, it's, you know, it's good, but you know, I say like the letter of Poland and back to see everything. Because, you know, I think if I was that popular Poland, you'd probably be like, they treat you like a king there. You probably wouldn't pay for anything. They'd probably be caught by that. Yeah, I saw a lot of things. And I was like, you know, I was over there four times. And I think I've scheduled this year a couple of months ago. I think a couple of times. So, well, you know, congratulations on the notoriety over there. And I hope you beat the Kell out of the sky. Now we get it. We're here in the United States. How can we see this fight? Do you think it'll be like on YouTube or something like that? Oh, definitely. I'll be in YouTube. Probably right after I fights over. It'll probably be on the other hand. Yeah, yeah, exactly. That's going to be crazy. I can't believe you're actually going to get into the ring. And punten you. You wear gloves. What do you, how is the, what's the garb over there when you do them? Yeah, it's basically on my gloves. Like, my boxing button, like you'll see right in gloves. I remember watching Bob Sappfight when you got into that MMA. And I was like, oh my god, I would not want to get hit by these guys. But some of the, the really good MMA guys are, you know, they can handle like a big guy like you. But I guess this guy is like, he's not a champion or anything like that, is he? No, no, no, no. He's a journey man. See, you should hope you able to kick his ass. Now, yeah, with all this notoriety and everything you've been getting and money, you've been making, you actually started your own supplement line, which I want to congratulate you on. It's called Bernaca Sport. Yeah, it's important. And basically, I got already, like, three products out to the 420, still in progress, like three workout jinx, many clubs. So, you know, I'm basically the most, the stuff that's in Europe. But here is available as well in United States and the NACA Sport.com. It's Sport or sports. It's important. Okay, BernacaSports.com and what kind of, what kind of products are you selling here in the US? Well, now I got a God-burner, a life-on-house, then a hyper wall, which is like three workout and a jito. Mm-hmm. You've got a pretty workout chain coming out or a deal, like two weeks, basically. Like a, like, actual drink drink. Yeah, yeah, yeah, like, pretty workout really good. Well, I got all the innovative formula making just for me. Did you help formulate these products yourself? Yeah, I tried everything, you know, it was me a while. By the time, to get everything right, but they got somebody who formally, for me. Gotcha. Yeah. I'm assuming you're very popular probably in Poland, I would think. Oh, yeah. Exactly. Is it true? You told me you're selling the pro-harmonies in Europe because they're legal there, right? Yeah, yeah. I got for a home on fiat, uh, you can take you up for X for only because you're not. I'm telling that. Right, right. Well, that, that, that, that, congratulations. I'm glad that you, you got a business going for yourself. Oh, thanks. I've been doing all these days to get the imponsor for why do you go business so hard? I always say, do it yourself, invest in yourself and that's what you're doing. I guess this fight you're having will help really finance that supplement company. You can buy a lot of inventory with that money. Oh, yeah, exactly. That's what it's about. People don't realize that you're, you're a, you're a, some very smart business man. And, uh, I know you're selling. You're still into the whole bodybuilding thing very strongly, but, uh, what, I, we're going to see you compete this year. Are you going to take a year off? Oh, basically, my plan is compete next year because, you know, I've been dieting for last 40 years, basically. I don't appreciate what they're, uh, related. Right. And, uh, I think that in, I can't improve over dieting that stuff every year. So, just taking this year off to improve myself, basically what I need to get my leg bigger. Then I'll just stuff and come back next year. I'll let me guess. Well, how have you changed your dear, your training strategy to help, you know, achieve these goals that you're looking to do? Oh, basically, I just feel heavy, but, uh, more basically, like, uh, just a little break. I had a small drop set that had a bit different different stuff where I used to do. What, what are you doing for your legs? That's a body part that you really want to get bigger. Well, that's, you know, basics style squat, uh, Morris Smith machine squat, I'm losing now. I say, no, just like you've got to, uh, Can I slide a little bit of that? Just, yeah, I felt it's a little bit more. Are you training with Dennis Wolf still? Yeah, yeah, yeah, I was training. And by the day, but we get in a couple days a week. I'm four times a week. Yeah, that's good. That's excellent. I know, that, that news they can tell you that next time you come to that, That's the gold from Flaminggun, Tom Hill, who be closed. Yeah, what happened with that? Yeah, I heard that rumors. That's true, huh? Yeah, I did true. Why would they close the biggest goals, Jim, they haven't made this? The kid, I think they didn't have, you know, to the nuts people because all of his nuts people were dead, and, you know, they didn't, but thank you, money. Wow, I can't believe it. It does another business neighborhood that I don't, then, you know, but I love you. I don't know. I love you. I don't know. It does, Jim, and I guess. Wow, maybe it's too big. The mind of the rent might have been too high. I don't know. You know, it's all about, you know, now, those GMs open, you do one, and people, you know, people, you know, people, and I've got a lot of good anymore, you know, that. Where are they? They just teach them. Where are they training now, in the, I guess. I'm not a smart, Jim, I guess. I think I could have it a lot more gold, Jim, but, if you're messing with the, now, it's like this one, you know what I mean? No, I know that, but I'm saying, where are people getting got? The GM is there yet. Another GM that's taking its place, so to speak? Yeah, if someone, they can be below, under someone, and under them, they're just, another gold. Yeah. It's still decent, but it just atmosphere. It's not, not too good, you know, then. Soft and soft, yeah. Yeah. So you and Dennis Wolf are going to have to find another place to train, that's a shame. That's a shame. That's a shame. The, what are they going to turn into another GM, and they're just closing it? No, the closing. I can't believe it, man. The next thing, the next thing that's going to happen is gold, Jim, and Venice is going to close when Google takes over the lease. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There'll be no hardcore GM's left in the whole country, but, yeah. I'm not just a Steve Weinberg's place in New York. Yeah. Yeah. What, how is Dennis Wolf looking for the Arnold Classic, are you impressed? Oh, I think I can tell you, you look the best I ever seen. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What is it going to weigh you? It's dry. You're now around 3. Oh, my God. Yeah, but really dry. Just for the, you know, but usually I see them before every contest. Yeah. He looked kind of what Tidico would be for kind of police. And this time, usually we get in dry, so I think I think he can fertility number one.