What do you think about what's the crazy amount of drugs you've ever heard of a bodybuilder taking? Well, I'm going to tell you like this. I should not say the name, but let's say you're up in bodybuilder, then it's kind of this close. I'm the living proof that no amount of service can kill you. I mean, really, I was being probably regretting the Chinese Senate's sentiment with statements about 80 cc of virus injectables a day. What? It'll happen. I think, third day. Oh my god. 80 cc, you know, you may not have said that. You know, if you would call it a cocktail. You know, it was shocking. Actually, most of my athletes from the head of working with them, you know, the dramaticity of these, they're very good. You know, were they surprised? Were they surprised? Were the athletes surprised when you said you got to stop taking so much? Yes. Many of them, because they actually believed the series, you know, some, you know, there's a lot of people like to, you know, believe that they're doing this like that because they're doing this more than anybody else. Right. Well, I mean, actually, when I get one of those messages that I have seen, you know, in 15 years, I was competing at the Ivy League broke. And again, they're going to say how many believe they got in, I say, well, you can never really believe to nobody if they've been somebody's consistent and for 10 years, you may hear the same thing. And you can believe. Now, I was there, I was entitled for the Patriotic Competitors. And many times, those shots were the amount of the, I recommend, which are, you know, much more of the documentation. And this is going to point out, you know, it's much better to pay just more and more just like a certain point that the benefits stop the entire fight to overcome the benefits. You're absolutely right. You know, the truth is also, I mean, you could validate this, when you and I were speaking back in the 90s, back when I was over 300 pounds and you were up real heavy and you're best. I mean, I mean, you have to have the other two. The dosage is where much lower. I tell people at the time, knowing used more than a thousand milligrams of test back then. And people don't believe me. I hadn't said this and get big in the summer, said it this your mother is the horse. Yeah. You're right. But I'm glad you're here to validate this. People didn't use as much drugs in the 90s, even though they look like they did, because I think that people trained harder back then. Yes. And they've been realized so much on the, you know, from the physical. If you're big ass this and I know, I'll get big. I posted, I know, he's one of the 10, 100, 50 milligrams of test a week. You know, for me, that was the, Microsoft, those that found this necessary. I'm sure that you can tell us about two geniuses. Whether it's a study, it's a anybody can do the little. With a can of the people that was under normal level of the pattern of the nuts. Meating of the, the low levels of the pattern, but normal level of the pattern, the tests on taking a 600 milligrams a week, a 10 week straight and they had a zero negative side of the types of and many benefits from it. Yeah. I've run this, that yes. Yeah. That study, that's very, very good many times when it comes to a lot of the. The reason to people that that actually just went from home on for a hundred types of happy. It's not a necessary to say more and it's not dangerous to think that much. Right. But again, it's probably for you again. I might regret it later. You know, it's going to be like promoting something that I don't suppose. Well, you know what, but people people don't realize that when you overwhelm your body with toxicity, because of so the over use of what you're taking, your body can't process protein and build muscle anymore because it's so toxic. So actually taking too much can actually inhibit muscle growth in essence. Yes. Yes. It is all kinds of type of cast-k, the V events that can trigger all kinds of systems to fail. You know that the real failure is a bit of a pit-bottomsail or a cardiovascular, all that stuff. You know, once you, you are affected by the negative, you know, everything goes down. So, you know, I'm about to say that you know, it can all go down the body and be simultaneously even hit the body. And as I said, it promotes constricted metabolism. So it's not just dangerous, drug-etpecially medicaments made for medical purposes, even for treatings. So when you are going to be victim like that was in 2004. First thing that I got in the burn unit was the frontal lome. You know, Dr. Tantumi and Tomi Lichoke, as sure, we're going to, you know, implement on the burning theories in you. And so I want you to be aware of, but there's this case, though, what were my goals, which, you know, because the more the using it, I was given like 20 million people who stand along to treat day-to-day running into the medical purposes of the spring center. And so anyway, the family actually healthy medicaments, they can enhance health of many individuals. They use right. You know, I remember this many times. I remember when you, when you were burned, because I remember you me and Rick Collins had lunch, some sushi in San Diego there where I was, had my trial going on. And you had just gotten, I guess it was a week after you had gotten burned doing some, what were you doing? Like a stunt for some movie or some... Yeah, yeah, I was being made stunts in, you know, I guess the cut and fire and I had a 43 burn in my face and the arms and back. And I actually told you, I actually said to you, I said, mellas, you look like you just got a facial peel. You're skin looked great, actually. You said it was from the starry, you told me it was from the ball the starry tailing it. Yeah, yeah, the parents didn't make me look so young. Well, let me tell you, I don't have anything like it, so I set for life, of course, skin, skin, and that age you pretty much turned on yourself. Yeah, tell me about it. I see. Actually, maybe you just cut them fire again or get the face. Yeah. We could talk about steroids probably for a whole shust. Let me, let's take a step back again. You got out of prison. How did you win? Where did you go right after prison? What did you just start doing for money? Did you immediately leave the country or go to Finland or was there, someplace in between before that? And where actually, in a fluency, as I said, I was a human, a restraining order, initially from a judge, it was led a lower to peaceful contact. I think they actually contacted my daughter, you know, under supervision in my wife's life being there. So, as soon as the gem out of the jail, I'll go again, pet him by my wife, which is very colorful these again. You know, I could say in a house and it's time to go to Finland. Now, I'm actually going to Finland September 8th for the Nordic Pro show there. What was your connection to Finland? Who wanted you out there? What made you decide to pick that country? Actually, I was a patient that was there. That interested in me, not with girlfriend. No female. Okay. This is a reason for a program to leave, right? How do you meet women in Finland? Do you face Bucke or what did that he did that? Well, I was here to say that. Actually, if you ought to just better change, you can accept the change. No, I was just guessing. I know you're a big face Bucke, that's why I asked. No, that's the reason why I should accept and I did it one day and I'm going to be too far and I'm going to go. Are you still with this girl? You're broken up. I'm not sure if you're a professionalist. I'm not going to be here. I'm here and I'm going to make your father. I didn't say, how do you get from Finland to Dominican Republic? Well, as I was in Finland, I was invited to Charlotte and my childhood should be. Charlotte's polyclin. You went to with Charles Polyclin in seminar. Correct. And then, as I was there, teaching, I actually met the types from the American Republic. My friends in Chinese partners in a great guy. I went to see more and I met him in one of our careers. And I basically assumed he was interested that I had and drive and desire to train. So I came to him and met up into the training mode. You know, when you have an experience of a lot of training. You know, it's kind of, you look very excuse in the book to meet the workout. I could never really get back into training. Well, I was in Finland with some reason. But then, when they came here, the rate was there. I said training and the training is a good thing days a week. You know, two power, high intensity. Now, I know that Charles Polyclin has a house in the Dominican Republic. Is that how you wound up there? Because Charles pointed you in that direction. He had shot his morning. Like he was the coach on the mind. He was the only one who did this right. This back to the value of great deal. His acting is many fields. Not just in training. But I love you. The fourth thing is the one also that the community is a family. I mean, the food here is somebody who's in a climate, you know, there's no pollution there is that it benefits the day here. You know, but again, there's others, hot shit. It's a good way out. What are you doing there? Are you training people? Yes. I just don't actually online and it's kind of consulting. I do this here in the National Institute of Medicine. I do a separation for our content for many athletes, from Asia, from Europe, from Latin America. And I do this exercise. You know, one of the exercises we know for people is just some fresh and expensive. So you do video, cut this video, Skype consultation. What is it cost to do a video, Skype consultation with Milo Sartre? Yeah, I trust $250,000. $350,000. $350,000. Now, will people stay on the line with you for more than an hour? Is that usually enough? Yeah, usually, you know, in the 20 hours. I'm not really sure if you're looking at the clock, if you're carrying it. Right. In one hour, you can be much in a taste. Just about a bit of a bit of a taste. I think you're under charging. I would do $350,000, $350,000. If I were you, you're Milo Sartre. Hello, I'm pleased to be my aide. I think you're two cheap Milos. How do people hook up? How do they contact you if they want to do these Skype things with you? All right. Yes. I just said my advice, I've never done it in a sense. I've done something that can be established, you know, with the downper for your wife. Wasn't on there? No, you can't do that because I won't be surprised if she captured this again. Yeah. And the taste looks, you know, you know, I'm fortunate there's about 10 year old Shatches on Facebook. I know, it's still. I actually even communicated one day. I had a great fun, you know, pretending in somebody else. There must be a few opinions of me. But what can I do? I mean, people do that. Yeah. So, um, you know, if you're from a plug-in, some of the tags, then that would be great. So you should be made. Yeah. I think you're definitely under charging Milos. What does it cost to do, uh, contest prep with Milos for 16 weeks? Uh, 2000 online. Okay. That's a reason. That's a good amount. That's a fair price. Now, what made you decide to want to go back to competition? What, what sparked you? I mean, how old are you? You got to be my aide, right? You got to be at least 43. Yeah. Thank you. I'm 47. Are you 47? Wow. Yeah. So, uh, yeah. I wish I knew. I'm, uh, I've seen, uh, being fairly at stage of 51 in the best shape of his life. Right. Uh, chances of the product age of 49 is the same show that was, uh, started at Grand Prix at 16, 2006, uh, in the best shape of his life. So, I was going to get a shadow that's in your minute. I was going to, uh, operate at 50. They actually can still achieve the, uh, the greatest of their experience. But there's really no excuse. In 1991, when I, as did not go to the view in South of Zay, I competed with the legend of the breakfast. But, uh, following the weekend, they made a whole pair of additional, if you won. And he was 61 years, uh, praise it at the time. Praise him. Uh, I didn't know the positive through his name back then. And then, because the manual trade is really only lambda.