Did they have steroids in jail or is that not? No, I haven't seen it enough. No, because I know some jails they do, probably not the lockdown you were in, I'm sure. No, no, I haven't seen nothing there. I mean, I haven't seen a vitamin C. What are you eating? What are you eating on a daily basis of the baloney sandwiches? Yeah, because when I was in San Francisco, and then I was first in a red set of white sets, the yellow sets, I mean, basically, that there are two, usually, you wouldn't even serve to the dogs. You know, you know, a horrible, horrible, I mean, a non-etitial value, you know, this packet calories, you know, all that stuff. So actually, you know, that and lots of times of muscle, and I was very, very much, which was expectable, you know. The dog, you know, that experience, one thing that they learned over day to the body of the food, because when you don't have a food and when you're starving, then you realize, you know, what light is I, over a little bit, you know, triple-plescent light, you know, when I was out, you know, I was taking a picture of the food and editing out, you know, differently. It's, I mean, I know first hand, I wasn't in as difficult as situations you were. I wasn't in lockdown 25, three hours a day, but I know what it's like to lose my freedom, and you really have to surrender when you were in there. Did it change you when you were in prison when you got out? Do I, you like a different person, how do you think? I know I was. I did, but as a believe it, I was there for a reason and I know, it's something that's found that don't regret being there because I really, I valued my life in my dictionary now, and I'm enjoying it, you know, moment of it. Now, when you got out of prison, at some point, I don't know, what year was this, what was the date you got out of prison, you remember? Uh, yes, July 7th. Of what year? It depends on the 11th. Okay, this year. Now, right, right, right, let's just be less sure. So in July, you get out of prison. At what point did you realize the gym was in jeopardy, and they were going to probably, you know, close you down? Uh, the gym was always close from December, you know, from the family who's closed as decadently shared with you, and it's just re-altern on the different main and supposed with different owner, you know, in a United States, you know, when you have a lot of business advisors, legal advisors, and that's when bankers, and business associates, you can very easily pretend that somebody else owns the building and somebody else has the ownership of the gym, and on the basically everything is clear. My life is in a business, is my ex business partner, and your wife still owns the gym. Is that what you're saying? Is your wife still owns the gym? Uh, not some of the bankers. Uh, oh boy. But she's in the gym. She works at the gym, and she's there. Uh, well, I'm not theorized, it's safe to confirm that, and other people who can check in, and if they're not for themselves. I mean, somebody's a gentleman, you know, she's the interviewer, and somebody should be here for a couple of days. I would love to be on the same show with her, you know, because maybe I'll get her. I'll call her up. I got to call her up, but you got to get her on the phone and see what she says. Maybe you can go right now. Yeah, I don't want to get her while you're on the phone. That won't go well. We know how that went last time. You got, you went and get in the hit behind the ear and I was killed. What? What happened now? The timeframe in my mind is a little screwed up. What happened when you, I remember reading in the newspaper that you also got arrested for breaking into your own gym? Was that when was that the whole episode with your wife calling the cops? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That was the main thing. That was the thing. That's the official initial charge. You know, it's just a different portion of the, I was, I didn't break into the gym. I came to the gym, pick up deposits and I was meeting all the bathrooms and I was a chargemaker as it said. The robbery was going to pass the salt. The medical items and all that stuff. Wasn't the gym though closed? At that point, Milas, I thought they shut you down. At some point, is it a failure to pay something? So originally, I was arrested July 6, 2010. Right. Okay, and the regime was working. A gym was closed in December of 2010. Right. And I was arrested again in April of 2011. As it had, when they came back for hearing, having my lawyer from Beverly Hills, that was doing like a strengthening. And, uh, January 3, 2013, which was July 7, 2011. As I retired to three of you here to get out of that place. Because really, as you can imagine, you can really play to your mind and learn and learn and learn. You know, you know, so I made my choice. No. So they closed? Why was the official closing of the gym when you weren't supposed to be there anymore? What day was what day was that? I was in December of 2011. I was staying over 2000 and 11. No, I carried 2000 and 10. Okay, so you were continuing to operate out of the gym, even though they supposedly closed you down. Is that what was happening? No, no, no, no, the gym was closed. So why are you going there to pick up the posits then? Uh, I mean, you have a vaccine at the gate. So the light 10, the light 8 of a 2000-10 gym was here. Okay. I was operating the business and this is when I was arrested. Oh, you said that you said the 2011 before. I think you might have messed up the day. The July 2010. Okay. The Chandler's salary is changing and flowing. Got you. Six months later. You never went back to the gym after that while it was closed? No, no, I had no right. Okay, I didn't think so because I was the story that was going on. I wanted to clarify that so you were got attacked by your wife and you were arrested. In June, July of 2010, while the gym was still open, obviously when you were in jail, continue to operate and then at some point in December, they closed you down permanently. Is that right? Got you. Exactly. All right. Now, what happened following when you got out of prison the second time, I heard rumors that you were sick. You had cancer. Will any of these true? I mean, I probably died five times according to the rumors and I have had a disease on her. You know, you know, I had to Sunday leave the rumors. I just didn't want to be involved in any of those working boys because if you know, you say you're a lot and then they caught your mother, you know, because you don't suppose to say hello. You know, try the years you have been involved in a, you know, getting that jam and my, that's like yours and being on. I tried to strengthen all that you're checking for people, you know, I tried to give advice directly for free. We'll be speaking about our, you know, our ex-myself, I was getting an ad, the description recommendations, but because I know that the victim here, compared to the using right. As you know, I'm a lot of experience which is in fact the subject, I'm not perspective director, people are talking is actually constructed as drug medicaments, but promote projecting metabolism. The only thing is abuse. So I was trying to discourage those, those, those are on these boards to believe that the professional body is a thank you enormous amount because they don't, you know, they use much less of people to believe. So when I post the actual cycle, you know, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they're talking about the big of a flight on the race and the, and over the main of the books. But you know, there's a lot of haters. I mean, what can you do? You guys just to be helpful and there. Yeah, I'm up there to say so. I love where I see and I check the situation before. Yeah, we have to stay on our boards, our boards are a little bit less negative than some of these other boards. Yeah, I love that. I'll have to restore you, me, less because we, we need you. More people like you were telling a, giving good advice. Are you concerned with the state of of professional body building? Because there's been a couple people. I know a good friend of yours look would just recently pass away from kidney failure. What, what, what's your take on that whole situation? Well, we are, we look at the very, very kind of minds that such and so, you know, and he was actually trying to communicate with me. I didn't know that he had a, a kidney transplant. And I actually had a radio show for Australian radio companies that day before he died. And I actually made even, you know, kind of joke about him or, hey, you know, somebody tell me, can you check the unique thing for what people are doing and following. And the next day he died, you know, the, just run for a heart. And you think a lot of the message guys, I'm sure that you know, would be mad him, you know, the factory's individuals. You know, he was just physically probably not trying to be extreme in another strength of that word because it's extreme sport. He'd be extreme things. So, kind of the sum of the things affected his renal system and kidneys. And he hasn't had that transplant. As you know, he's going to be only probably the kind of transplant. But he's got to be objective. So, that's the tragic thing. And the, and the guy goes to his family. You know, I actually had that to play. He's thought that he was not there. And then, he's definitely moved to me. And a lot of us can have to say really crushing you from me. Now, you know, you and I both know that kidney failure usually has a lot to do with high blood pressure. I think this probably a lot of pro bodybuilders out there. Even other regular bodybuilders that probably have a lot of undiagnosed high blood pressure, which is why they call it the silent killer. Do you try to encourage your athletes to get more health checkups and blood work on a regular basis? Because I think a lot of bodybuilders just ignore it. Here's how the unit in this section is, back in 1998, the Central Pistol Pro-Indefacial. I had a bit of a contact from Baffle Labs, a camin to the police meeting and offering. To all the athletes, you know, or blood checkups, you know, random unit in the program. And I think the 28th pro bodybuilder is with us. Of course, there is some fatty and zel, like some bacteria in the inhibitor at the time. But they offer a free test. And one of the athletes due to get test actually was worn. You know, this is what pressure his kidneys were in a dangerous way. And this opposition man, then he actually had a problem. I had to learn how to respect the naming and the nets. I was always in an exaggeration from anybody that works with the community that got test. You know, to check the formal levels and all the comprehensive bodybuilders out. Is this really the health? Do you think that, if the person be healthy? No, it's, do you think that they should have, I'm against drug. I'm against steroid testing, I think it's ridiculous because we know all bodybuilders take them. Do you think they should have what we call health testing where before a competition, if your blood pressure is not good, if like gross abnormalities, where your health is acutely in jeopardy, do you think that they should disqualify you or not allow you to compete because of this? Well, I did another give a call of that. I understood the presumed as my answer. However, I can tell you something the other bodybuilders should take. Actually, push into the dangerous levels of the dehydration due to the standard. And when we talk about the blood pressure, right, but you are taking the aeretics and the height of the yourself. And it's possible to wait to achieve that condition. You needed the dehydration. You can be serious. It's a health issue and we need to bet. So I think that just judging criteria and the time to do is fortunately for five from time. Yes, it's accepted for the different states. It's extremely hydration to have the full dry look. Basically, you know, health hazard is the biggest risk there is. You know, I think that the men of the aerodynamic families, they're not seem to call them as close as they actually abuse their aeretics. You know, because as you know, many of the bodybuilders believe it should take one. It's been a given result, but if you take 10 is going to be 10 times better. So my results will take 100. Yeah. Well, 200. And this is times wins.