Heavy muscle, radio. All right, our next guest is the strength and conditioning coach to many world class athletes out there. He's probably best known to the bodybuilding community when he wrote a column in muscle media 2000, Bill Phillips book back in the 90s. I tell him I was introduced to him and it's my pleasure actually to have him here today to talk a little bit more about what he's got going on lately. Welcome Charles Balkwin. Thanks, it was great getting you on the show. You know, I think a lot of people have been following your career for the last, I guess since 1993 when you first started writing and actually I think that first interview was launched in muscle media 2000. Correct. I mean, I've been doing this training for coaching since 1979, but I guess I'm an exposure to the bodybuilding world came from 2003. Now you're Canadian originally. Any more actually, I'm in the American position. Oh, you completely gave up the candidate. Yes. Yeah. For various reasons, but I'll be here in American in March to life. They won't be well that meeting candidate, so I can really think of it. What, how did you get introduced to the whole sports and conditioning? You know, I had Joe Franco on the show. Joe the Franco on the show a couple weeks ago and he was telling me that when he was five years old, he wanted to be a strengthening conditioning coach. How is your introduction to the whole genre? Actually, from skipping church, I was going to go to French training and he got to go to church and then I went to first lead, fond of it. So when I was 14, I started to skip church and I went to the University Library, which was next door. I started to read stuff on the street. I started to read stuff on the street. I actually had a speaking list and raised first knee and second knee and second knee, and second knee and second knee. I realized all the stuff which an English, it prompted me to learn English really fast. And then I realized the best stuff was in German, and then I learned German. And we're not like that then. Do you taught yourself two languages? Do you taught yourself two languages? Do you taught yourself two languages? Yeah, I learned Japanese, or we just... You're a good, I have to press any university. Really? I can. You know, I gotta just ask you some, I know it's a topic. For some reason, I have a mental block against the languages. And then there's other people out there like yourself, you can pick up a new language in two weeks. How do you do it? Well, my father spoke my language, he was my better speech and I thought he could be a genetic factor. But also, I think it's just interest. And the thing is that for myself, it's helped me learn more stuff, and it's also got me a lot of contracts because it could actually speak the language. So, and let's see what I want to do. I want to do it because in 1998, it was in Japan, and then we were told ahead of time that Japanese volunteers would speak very well in English. So, I thought myself to Japanese, I just bought computer software and stuff myself. And in Norway, every spoken English, but there's just to be polite to them. It's a big up stuff, you know? But it's... I think it actually wasn't just wrong. I was sad it. When I was a kid, I think that's the easiest way to learn language really. So, it's like five years of Spanish, I still can't speak the word of it. And I did well in the class. That's the amazing thing. I just have no conversational skills. Say something in Japanese, because I don't believe you. What does you are? I don't believe you. You've got no strange thoughts. That's unbelievable. Unbelievable. So, you were reading all these books in different languages and continue. And after that, I would take, you know, like, very good review. As all these books on the anatomy and strange training. So, I would take a look at those books and learn how to instruct people out in the exercise. Because I mean, most language courses, I would like to go through customs or to order me. I don't want to be out of full squad, or bring the elbows down when you've been in bed. So, you know, that's a specific language. You're pretty good. I give you books for that, you know. And then, you're missing all these emerging. You know, I would go up a well with Norway. For example, we have to go over here to the bottom of the circuit. So, I got plenty of French to practice. But you can't, you're going to make a mistake. And people will look at our community. And that's how you prove. But if you're shy, you'll never learn from a foreign language, just for sure. Now, you know, the interesting thing is that I find that, you know, most people get into the strengths, words, because they want to look better themselves. You seem, at least you seem to reveal to me that they, you always had the desire to teach it to other people. Yeah, I mean, I did this already to produce. I mean, I did it myself. But, you know, in the 1978, before on the strength course association in the US, I was on the early adapters. So, can I join them up and then did their certification. But the thing is that when you have success with athletes, you don't want to know if you do it. And then, by 2005, I started my own certification program, because you don't want to know, I did it. I mean, people used to come from all over the world. We get my facility and see me coach. And then I'll take up things to me, maybe teach it more. So, then I made certification manuals. And now we have students in 16 countries. Wow, really. It's that big. Yeah, actually, we teach typically in about eight countries a year. And then the average number of students in different countries is 14, 13 per class. So, I'm sure you have a lot of sweet teaching Austria that people from easy to even think of for Hong Kong. You know, all the South Africa and New Zealand, they'll come around. So, they all know you. Was that amazing? Yeah, but the thing is that I feel my repeat can be 40 years at that. You did. Yeah, so, you know, I was not on the 40, probably because it's too much on media. And then, well, I want to bring that up because, you know, back in the early 1990s, there was no internet like you said, or I was fledging, no one was really on it. And I used to sit by my mailbox once a month and wait for that muscle media 2000 magazine to show up because that was Bill Phillips magazine. And back then he was, you know, very cutting edge. He talked about topics and subjects that no one else addressed. He got, he, I remember his first interview with you because you had been training a lot of world class sprinters and athletes. Everyone was fascinated and then he gave you a column. How did you meet Bill Phillips? Actually, somebody there profiled on me and then, I'm feeling a lot of people are rolling in and say, you know, you think it's because I got a column. So then he, he called me up and offered me a column, posted it to you article. And he asked me to write a book, which I did. The Paul Conprence Balls and then he sold it and we saw 50,000 copies in the record time. Wow. And he actually sold an Italian edition of it. And you know, so it grew really fast. I was amazed. Off our reaching it was because it was like I said pre-interend. I think that he did a great job at attracting the really doctors for early adopters. And then that prompted, you know, I'd be surprised that it would be in the airport. And it would be a little bit of a record as you were, or walk it up the street. It's a little pixel out of you. It's the right thing. I've been like, wow, you know, it's, you were just a pioneer in terms of format. And then, unfortunately, you just said to go rain stream. And the losses, the people we, you know, took them to the promise we would say. Hey, Kelly, kill the magazines. Correct. I mean, I think if you had kept hardcore, you would have reached more hardcore people. You know, but trying to do percate man's health or men's fitness. So it's like if you're in a poor market and decide to go to the GM market, well, GM is with their head and you, you know, to go to West. So if you're in a poor market, stay in a poor market. Just try to get more people to buy a board since they've announced. And that was a great experience for himself, yeah. So I'm in, but it was kind of what brought me more to general public. And then I was always in my youth. A few of my family came fair. She wrote the flower work race. What's the only thing to start you that started to read me when it's working your soul. So, yeah. That's like, it gives up my age. I was a little older. I was, I met him in 22 when I started reading. Yeah. Now, what was interesting is that you actually introduced, or at least I was introduced to the world of ART active release techniques through that magazine. And you must have been one of the very first few people who were certified in that. Correct. I was the first non-tarpreter doctor to be certified. And then I used to teach it. I mean, for me, you know, it don't really treat people, basically. I used ART as a weight optimist performance. So either things strengthen their length and tissues. And now, a day is a lot of the students that come from Europe. Or actually, my certified coaches, because the police gave them one ART. They said they could certified. Did you, well, you were little intimidated when you took it because you probably, because you weren't. You were the only guy who wasn't a guy up right there or a doctor. I don't know. And my ad could training in university and then that means so. It wasn't really, I show you. You know, being a strength, which you actually know, muscles work in. Correct. With the action, so I actually added an advantage over the car practice, because a lot of car practice may know their structural enemy, but functionally, they're not that great, you know. So, so I actually, I probably was pretty good. When Dr. Lehi first introduced you to it and you started to you took the course and learned how to do it. Was it exciting in the sense that you felt that you had a modality, maybe that not many people out there were was doing at the time? Oh, yeah. I mean, to me, it was a great advantage in that profession. Because, like, I could come to the gym and let's say you can do a jump. And you were saying six inches to put this child over a bar, and that would release the decisions between the care major and the lab. And I got six inches more range after two minutes of working on the teaching. I was not, but the method is genius, mummy. Right, but what I'm saying is, you know, when you, when an athlete is frustrated and can't do something and then someone can almost wave a magic wand and make them do it, it is magic to them. Yeah, it is big thing that found with the RT is that it cuts down time to rehab, but about 2.5 times. At least, I think. So, for example, if a rehab is going to actually take 10 weeks with a skill hierarchy guy, it will reduce it a month. So, you know, the significant. Do you still practice that on your people you work with? Oh, yeah, very much. Probably on a daily basis. And then, unfortunately, I work with Mark for four years. So, it's probably too, a lot of the moves that he did in the showing classes, because, if like Mark's show, I was, you know, he has to be sick most, but usually the master knows more moves that. Because of time, the situation does not show, so, for example, I got to win 16 moves for the elbows that probably don't know, so, or very few people know. So, that was good.