Every muscle real. Okay, our next guest, good friend of mine, been in the industry even long than I have, he's the new co-host of physique star radio. He's also an instrumental part of the new Myotropics company that Dr. Scott County has started up. It's my distinct honor to welcome Vince Andrews to show. How are you doing, Dave? Quite a beer. Vince, you've reinvented yourself way more than I have in this industry. Oh, I guess, you have to, right? Yeah, you're definitely like Madonna. You're like the Madonna of the supplement industry. Oh, man, never heard that one. What talk to us a little bit? For people who don't know who you are, tell us how you got started in the industry. Can you work for pretty much everyone? Yeah, I got started in this, I was a biographer. And I was selling products, based on that bottom from the distributor, and I was selling out of my condo. And so this is like in the 80s, and then started a company that was a distributor of nutrition, you know, forced nutrition, back when there was really only, I think, really three of us that focused on that. It was boss, public hearing. Public hearing. Yeah, and the Stella brothers. Right, they're out of business, right? Yeah, well, because Stella turned, of course, into optimal, and that's what they did. Oh, they did. Yeah, like, glamour, yeah. And then the other distributors were selling, you know, vitamins or all that stuff. So this whole idea of, you know, sports nutrition, only distributor kind of came around in the, like, mid 80s, 85, 86, maybe, and so from 88 to 92, right now, biophyphometrics started, I was a distributor. A big brand was twin lab, and weater, and, you know, that turned into my relationship with weater. And so then I went to work, I worked for weater nutrition for a couple of years, the devices and reports nutrition, and then actually the trade share of my wife met up to call, it's something like, and your other one of, move to California. And that's California. Yeah, that's California. So I went to work for Scott and metrics, and that's, what are we really met? Yeah. You know, metric that, right? And it was there for a couple of years, as you know, the company got sold, tried to stay there for a bit, but, you know, when a place gets sold, it's just never the same. No. And so probably other, most, you know, don't worry, but the one right from there to EAS, and EAS had sold two thirds, you know, Phillips had sold two thirds to an investment group, and they wanted to make sure that they're tough and fitness right at the business, didn't stall a part right away. And so I was a great opportunity. I got to go there and write just a couple of them that reviewed the fourth edition. Did they ever, did they even listen to you? Any of your recommendations? Well, you know, you need to do a little bit of a situation, because I do what they were up to. I knew what they wanted to do. They wanted to blow the revenue line up, and basically sell it again. And, you know, we've got a lot of things done in the health, on the health and fitness side, but when we didn't get any resources and compared it to what they were spending on everything else, a management there had big dreams of math, market, like all these companies did, and so they spend 90% on a budget on that, and we have performed them in our area, not really because we're mad at all, but because of what EAS had created, you know, what, what children have created over there was such a, you know, a brand. I guess loyalty, if it took a long time for that thing to die, but, you know, the power of the B certainly fit all they could to wreck the brand. And they could just, I call it, it's chip and chat or a few of the clean cheese brand, you know, they could fly it all down. During this period of time, had you been installing contact with Doug? Yeah, I wasn't contact with Scott, and that's when I left EAS. I took a position at full lab, and I started talking with Scott about doing something, and then Scott got sick. And so we had planned on doing some things at, probably in 2000, she was something like that, and it just didn't, you know, Scott went on and do up until research on different proteins, and I was consulting with another good, in the migraine humbuckal, you know, Ryan's attack. Of course. And so we were working with a, like, the mid-sized friends to help them in new tracks, and the biochast and FAA, and things like that. So, and other those are, kind of, and also something. And at what point, because I know I've been breaking Scott's balls for years, to start his own brand up again, and then he kind of got involved with that other company, and then kind of got screwed over. Well, what, how did you finally convince him to do his own thing? Because he always told me, oh, I don't want to get involved with this again. I hate to hate the business aspect of it. I like to research. How did you actually convince him to, to start over again, so to speak with my autropics? Uh, well, you know, and you're right, you know, Scott, the first month Scott has a lot of projects going to work, and his main interest is the science. And a lot of times, you know, the market or the marketing is he gets it, but it's, he doesn't notice it right away. And so, we have been talking about doing different projects, somewhere in the medical area, somewhere just research, and then we had thought about doing something with the creative brand called Myotropics, but no products were in it. And so then it was last Olympia, last September, I think I already told you this, I was walking around the show and I was like, okay, it's here. It's here, it's here. That's a market that we understand, meaning that's what I've done, and Scott's the perfect guy to deliver products for these guys because they want to be in lead. And they, and so it's a quick look Scott that this is a place to do it, and these athletes are sharing this enough to make the product. And I think that's operational enough to motivate other people to go, hey man, this is pretty cool. And Scott's always looking at like grow the market for weight training and people who are going to watch the nutrition. And I think this looked like a great opening for M2, not only self-taught people that are serious, but maybe get away from the cheaper hardcore bodybuilding, but you know, can start looking a little funny. And everything is, I think Scott gets it. He also knows if you market to the people who want to get lean and put muscle on. The bodybuilders will invariably use your products anyway. So you kind of get both, you get two birds and one stone, so to speak. Yeah, that's actually the bottom line is, and going back to all the different companies and the consulting with big grand small brands. The big lesson is that you can only be as good as you're going to be good at what you're focused on. And so the market for the supplements are really actually trained. There's this, in my view, there's no such thing as like math markets and come on. Those people don't work out hard enough to even care in and out maybe at best. And so you really have to focus on the people who are going to do the work. And from there, you can get out of the people. You know, you're not up to train what's the size and want to be bigger and bodybuilding. To the to the end to the great and to get other people going, you know, I never thought of a way training and maybe taking a nutritional product like a meal replacement or something. But wow, I like the look what that. And so it's really kind of the perfect thing. I agree with you 100% I think that, you know, probably more people out there would rather look like a men's physique competitor than a bodybuilder. A lot of people don't have the genetic potential to look like a necessarily like a professional bodybuild. So the men's physique is a more attainable look. And I think that it's a good division that they brought into the sport because I think it's going to attract a lot more people that otherwise might have not gotten involved with the whole bodybuilding industry. So and really the market is on tap. No one has really been the champion. So to speak in quotes, of course, the champion of the men's physique world. I think the fact that Scott Connelly yourself and my tropics is going to get involved. And you know, you guys going to be giving me some contracts as the year goes on and giving a lot of opportunities. But to showcase these guys, it's a phenomenal thing. And you know, I think to the brain storm that you and I did as far as launching this radio show, physique star radio, is also going to be another way on a weekly basis to not only cover the sport of men's physique, but to showcase not just the men's physique competitors. But all people out there, whether they be celebrities or regular Joe Blow, who want to go to the gym to put muscle on and lose body fat. Yeah, I do know that's a hundred percent. I mean, one of the things that I know that Christian asked me about, like what's the difference between the bodybuilding thing and the physique. In some of the people who like all of the physique might be like a water down there's a bodybuilding. They really have like, okay, well, so you've never tried to get an inch on your arms and you've never really really done a diet. You don't get it. Okay, these are the deep guys are going to buck their ass. Okay, there's no question about it. It's not like the softer side of the shirt. It's damn hard. And so, you know, if you go back to the day when guys that maybe couldn't be the big guy, thought they think of Pete like the rain versus Arnold, I think you're going to bring that back. They're not going to have the same face. So these are deep versus, you know, a guy who completes the bodybuilding. But now it's, you know, a guy who thinks he can look like a zane could actually have a face to compete. And that's awesome. And nutrition becomes a much more important component of what these people are doing because the drugs become pretty much not an eye-to-not issue, because it's the aesthetic look that they're looking for. So your nutrition is going to be super important. And I love the fact that Connelly's new products towards that goal, what's this physique to point out product all about? I talked about it with Scott on the Heavy Musculerated Show last week, but I want to get your take on it as far as it relates to just everyday man and the people that are competing. Well, the, the genesis of the product really comes from, you know, single or individual components. And we've got, has the purchasing substrate technology. And basically that's what it has. There's components, the protein component, there's a carbohydrate component, and a go to the main two. Scott's been playing around with different protein and stuff like that, and, and some other things in the carbohydrate domain. And, and those make up this composite product. It's a meal replacement, basically, but it's really much more than that because it's really geared for someone who wants to. And so, it's not like this, I'm going to bulk up, die it down, it's not, it's, it's something that you can take a couple times a day. And, like you said, you know, you're going to have to rely on nutrition more than, you know, maybe so and some kind of chemical with the reout of your hat. And so you've got to be consistent and the, you know, the protein component and the carbohydrate component are specifically. And, uh, men should allow you to basically repartition your body, which is the bottom line for a physical guy, you know, you want more muscle, less body fat. That's the end of the day. And, yeah, I think that this is also a product that can be taken 365 days a year for these guys. It's now like something like you said there would be like bulk up off season, product, and then a diet down product. You can use it probably while you're dieting, animal, bulking, just changing some of the other components of your diet, which is going to be. Uh, very, uh, I guess novel product because you know what it's seen like everyone strayed away from the mirror placement shakes the repartitioning technologies that kind of had, uh, basically, I guess invented in the early 90s. And now, kind of is bringing it back only even better than before. So I'm excited to try it. I'm waiting for my, my prototypes in the mail. Scott promises me you guys are going to send me sounds like a period out. Uh,