So you're all over the place now? What I'm saying at growing the model is there and we have good sponsors, like illegal and the plant is in Washington. So that else is not a lot. But the... it's going very fast. I mean, number of full-time instructors we have is increasing dramatically. And then... The people that you certify these instructors? Pardon me? You've certified all these instructors who run the programs? Well, all of them at least level four on their own. I got my top two instructors. One of them is Olympic record holder. And the one was National Team record holder in Hammerstone. So we have any multiple national team. So those guys, you know, a lot of respect when they teach classes because they've also produced on their own. Olympic medalists. When do you operate out of mostly, though? Person. That wrote down. Okay, so you're your mostly in Rotound. And do you live there predominantly? Uh, have you not been to Colorado and Rhode Island? No, are you in Colorado because of the... No, because it's my daughter's missing. She's put on a set. It sounded like you might have been a good story with now. Yeah, it's actually the Olympic training center. I mean, I mean, sponsors of the World Different National Team today. But they don't have not directly associated with them. Um, it's the... Justice only. You know, I got to be hours in a day at the right time. No, I didn't. How'd you wind up in Rhode Island in World Places? Uh, the thing is it's the... My business partner is from there. And then we needed a place on a beach post. So that, um, because of time's on. If you were in the terrors on the California Road Miss out a lot, on a European business, you know, for fault. So, uh, because 70% of our clientele is actually European. Wow, that's huge. Yeah. And of course, I'm sure that's a different... So if you used to first be, if we, when we were in Arizona, we missed out a lot of opportunities. You know, people like the email, some people are still with preferred Dr. E. Menvois. So we need to feel down that Easter. As ten or ten is all of that. We could have been in Florida, but, uh, the thing that's nice with Rhode Island is that we're in between New York and Boston. So, uh, it doesn't prevent people from flying in and we just had an I-per-speed boot camp in where people from Italy Australia and all of her place. So it's, uh, it's good. Do you have a gym down into Dominican Republic? No, that's the place where I would love to open very soon. No. We have a lot of students there that serve very successful, but it's a place where I wouldn't mind opening up. I thought I heard a roomy you're going to open one up, because Milo Sarsha is down there now and he's training people down there. Yeah, it's a place that I've been very interested in looking at. Because it's a, uh, but it would be a different, uh, a different concept that where we do our, uh, medical doctors and do a lot of anti-aging and the hospital medicine stuff at the same time. Right. Basically they're expanding, uh, the functional medicine. So I just once opened up in 2013, you facility. I said, when I have a camp on the pharmacy inside the building, where did then the, uh, or two, and then because our students would like to, uh, I don't want to touch up so you think, um, for a class, they can get all of the blood we're done and get out of there. And then, uh, if need be, get something, come on, so they're brain or they're thyroid or whatever case. That's all, and also my, uh, obviously the Olympic athletes can use this, but this would be for like anti-aging purposes. Right. Correct. But even with, you know, for brain stuff, that mean as long as it's compatible with why that, uh, we're formalized that the pharmacist can make it. We're, we're compounding some, you see, you know, it's not always drugs. So he could take nutrients, but sometimes you need to, you know, be something that's not safe to guy, uh, tend to break down a still calling, uh, to rapidly, um, then we could give him a vaccine, which is a natural substance. So Chinese mice, which is a, that's still calling their stories inhibitor. Uh, but, you know, people don't want to take these different pills, but I can get a compounding pharmacy to make a powder that is quite palatable. And, you know, a teaspoon we can take, you know, for anti-different brain hatred. Yeah, I think the, uh, the, uh, the overall emphasis has been, uh, on the muscle structure. Um, but you need to bring through the big, uh, muscle spires. Well, you have the nerve, people don't realize the nervous system is what tells the muscles what to do and when the muscles fatigue is really the nervous system that's fatigue, and what you're saying. Correct, but also if you look at things like, uh, the disorders and, for example, we have a product coming out, which is a compounded product, which is, a typical GA bus, it does get, uh, absorbed through this skin, because GA by an stomach, you know, neutralized, and we can bind it with cleaning, and we apply it on the earth, and turn it to the earth, or the earthy, and it will fall asleep in a minute. Real, it's almost like value, it does. Yeah, exactly. And it's, but without, you know, uh, the size of that, it's an eight dependent. So, and then we have compounded, curcumin creams and, um, B12 and B3 and, and a lot of the guys that I used to coach, our fathers or mothers now, and their kids of ADD, or whatever. So, we can, we can, with the doctor and the compounded customers can get nutrients, because kids don't like to soil tablets. No, we can make topicals out of the way to very, uh, effectively. What do you think about our autism? Do you have any ideas about that? The problem is, autism is, uh, caused by many things, for example, the mothers, cell phone use, the more the mothers use cell phone, that worse it is. Do you? When I was a kid, there was no autistic children, it was very rare. I'm seeing people have blamed it on, um, vaccination. Vaccination. But a lot of kids who get vaccinated with the same things and nothing happens. Yeah, we have vaccinated as kids, we didn't get autism. Yeah, and then the thing is, would they be, they've identified so far, 76 risk factors, link autism? One of them, for example, is a Wi-Fi. So, if you sleep at the house of the Wi-Fi is on, that's a social relief and that's an eight factor. It's not, so it's not because you're never Wi-Fi in your arms, that's right. It will be autistic, but you multiply that by cell phone use, put it in in tolerance, period tolerance, soil intolerance, above a little bit of a way to predict what the risk chart, but the top five are cell phone Wi-Fi, dairy, gluten, and soil intolerance. One of them, so it's a thing where two times two equals 16, you know, so they count on each other because autism was rarely rare. When I was a kid, sitting with EDD, you know, you wanna have, and, you know, they feel so free to hold even a design that TV shows like SpongeBob watching one episode of SpongeBob reduces attention span and is one episode. It reduces in me, I can't even put the thing on. It's in ten more than you know, right? Yeah, but the point is that, you know, this, one of the biggest mistakes with me is the society is to, what I call a socialist street syndrome. If people have said, kids are short of attention span, therefore we should teach them more to shorter attention span, so it's a mystery, whatever short clips. But kids have a shorter attention span, but you know, the adult is trained in the increased attention span, not for a nerd, nursery, so, so you know, we're free with EDD, with the television programming. Correct, but they may be increasing the increase of EDD in American society with the introduction of social histories. Wow, and the MTV generation, I blame it on the TV show, watch a scene count the fortest scene that's changed and go to camera. Correct. So even, so even all TV shows show from a different angle of over four seconds. So what happens with that is that you, you get the training yourself to get bored with things that don't change. You're right. But if you go to medical school, be better incarcerated for a long time. One hundred percent, you're yes, you're hundred percent right. I never even thought of that, so you're saying that we're being brainwashed into EDD almost. Correct, correct. And then you know, but I think you're Brady, and is under, like, fortunately currently in Lake Finland and can, or frankly, actually can, is very strong warning stuff, of self-belnut youths. Really? No, why, how did mother being exposed to the radiation, and have something to do with the kid developing autism in your mind? Well, they really can just damage this nervous system. I mean, for example, Finland, like goal of landline to a few years ago, and now Finland has a world record for brain tumors. Wow, really, didn't you? Yeah, Finland, they, they know one of the reasons why we think it's due to self-belnut is that all the brain tumors occur on the dominant side of the person. So all the left brain tumors are in less than that, people with all the right that people have brain tumors on the right side, so we're the oldest cell phone. And Nokia is the fall of the highest amount of radiation in the world. Did not that? So, you know, so the gene government, for example, every six months, really is a report on radiation count of cells. And, for example, a knife-phone, as low radiation, put them all at abs. You load into the greater radiation. Really? And those people have thousands of abs on their iPhone, so they're completely useless, they never use, but they just like collect them. Like, don't tell you the harvest of mushrooms and angola, we give a shit, you know? So, the habit on her iPhone, then, you know, the only one that's cow is going to melt next. And then, they got all these things on the iPhone, while the iPhone now becomes quite higher in radiation, what you said. I've got great radiation, you can quit more, I'm full. I got a delete to them on my abs, that's what I'm doing, this is, I got off the phone, yeah. Yeah, yeah, so the ones you don't you, you know, don't put delete in them out to this, I can, you know, you show, we've reached every example, you know, they're very good research out of Canada, she showed that X is finding it doing cardio on electronic equipment, like, in a little bit like trying to bite some treadmill. Yeah, precipitates insulin resistance by 46% What, really? Yeah, so my website, a cool girl, they were the research on it, but so basically, shot people go to school, gym, they hop on the treadmill, and it's already electronic bite. And then the year later, it's battery, well obviously, it's a bite, maybe it's a battery. Oh my god, I mean, yeah, so, you know, that's a type of stuff we provide our students, I'm, as years have evolved, and more and more conscious, you know, of these things and try to get us into the example, video games, you know, just play videos with their play station and their crotch, well that's, you know, as well, put your testicles in the microwave. So, those are the radiation, and it's also linked. The more I kids on the internet, it's the game, the lower is testosterone. Really, yeah, so. Yeah, so, you can find that stuff easily on the format, so radiation is, I mean, the average testosterone count as the increased one percentage point, three years in spiking 50. Wow, it's a little bit of, the horizontal squat to p, I mean, it's, you know, it's a rendition, and for example, in England, the average CHE sulfate is, uh, their range is 1.4 to 1.6, right, right, but Dr. Rendes because in Canada, normal range is 3 to 10, and 3 considered test-rated. But in K, I mean, the 3 is like, need therapy, and then, you know, 10 is healthy, so