But this year I can officially say I'm an actor. Stag paid my insurance. Oh, you got the benefits. Wow. You know, that's a benefits man. You know, I made some experience. Oh, can I tell you what I'm doing? Yeah. That's really well. Yeah. People don't realize if you work a certain amount of hours to per year, they give you benefits. And the segment of fits are also because they cover a lot of cosmetic procedures, too. They say I do it. I'm a team. I am two. I'm an actor. You are now. We're going to call you. You're on the actor Ferguson now. Forget the Hollywood. Well, Jerome, the actor, you know, because I do this. I mean, I just, I'm just, you know, it's almost like a win of all. You know what I mean? But you kind of work for. I mean, it's like, you know, like, three money. I mean, just, just, because you do it for free. That's what you like acting, anyway. I love acting, man. And it just, you know, I made a bunch of money. You know, like, you know, you go where, when I went, when I went, when I went, I meant to be a show. Hey, like I took a couple of commercial. You want to let me a show. Talk to me about some of these, uh, possible future roles. Why? I mean, what are you looking to do? You said you, you, you, you, the originally thought about possibly, you know, dropping the weight and then going for the more mainstream look, but now you're saying, no, you're not doing that. Yeah, you know what? I don't have to. You know, as it kind of worked out in my favor. You know, because I believe not, I just shot a pilot with Jamie Kennedy. Wow. And then, yes, uh, for TVX. And, uh, I got a call from TVX for personal Jamie Kennedy production. I said, and TVX, they love my work. And, uh, you know, uh, you know, they need a somewhat accessible one with it. And, uh, you know, if you're looking a bright future, what do you do with that? What's your part next? Officer Jamie Kennedy, though. You know, I do it. I play, believe not, he played a, um, he played a Russian, a Russian master guy. Mm-hmm. And I was just heavy on this bodyguard. Okay. And, uh, you know, uh, and we knew, you know, how he, uh, blind, good old, blind, please, German or whatever she was, a Russian girl. Mm-hmm. Um, and, um, it was a lot of fun. It was, uh, they, they based on a movie, had a pair of twapps. Yeah, yeah, sure. Yeah, it's based on that, man. It's time now. It's really, really good. Now, you get a busy, will you be a recurring, uh, part in that series or is it just the pilot, you know, one time deal? No, no, it's not what time deals. Whatever, whatever they come up with, some different things, they put me in there. That's awesome. Funnall. Congratulations. That's a, that's a bigger news than you, you, you possibly get on stage later this year. Exactly. Because you, uh, you turned pro in 2010. We hadn't seen you for, uh, you haven't competed yet. You haven't made your pro debut. Thinking about doing it this year. You know what, yes, I am probably around the summer. Uh, what I needed to, you know, what, I want to bring my first ball, doing that to the time off. You know, I was so tired of trying to get that pro card. You know, I mean, you know, I do know that, um, those are journey. And a few times, I didn't think I was going to complete that journey. You know, I mean, I, I leave that stage to, you know, what, me, but I think it's, you know, time. Because, you know, I was saying, this is my destiny right here, you know, yeah, no. And, uh, and then something to kick back in, you know, and, uh, and, uh, when it's again. And, uh, when I finally got it, I thought, wherever, uh, James said, hey, Trump, you know, you're not, you still come on, you know? I was just, I was just wrong. As I was being excited, oh, five, oh six, oh seven. You know, not. Right now, I'm just, I was leaving. Yeah, you look, you looked almost quiet after you won. It was like a very peaceful time for you. Yeah, it's like, you know, I did it. And then, uh, after that, you know, I was like, you know what? If I did my pro-card, I didn't do anything I want. And then that's when I said, okay, I'm focused on my energy and the TV. Yeah, three commercial, they're tech-spel commercial, they're button-up comp, I mean, uh, sorry, tech commercial, then I did the, uh, plan and speed of commercial. And then I did a queue-to-car commercial. Right. Right here. And, you know, and Louis Fregno gives you some advice, is that, is that true? Yeah, Louis, I was, um, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I really, you know, you know, I was fully, you know, plan and speed of commercial, you know, you got me booked on it, but I'm like, you know, you know, I don't, I'm kind of, I'm kind of torn, you know, it's wrong with you. You're extra, co-capate, go go act, that's what you do. Very good advice from you, you know. That's what you do, you know. And let me, let me back up so when I get there for the plan of speed of commercial, they want me to be Batman, you know, and not things on the table, you know. So, so I'm like, I did it and they made, and then they was like, you know, you know, and how do you feel about that? I said, well, you know what, I don't feel that. I just, I'm just not doing that. And what would you do? I'm not a pal. You know, I'm a chef, you know. And you're like, yeah, how? That name was Chef Jopney. Okay, hold on, hold on. And we went from there and it's how to get. So you made up the you basically wrote the commercial, too. I wrote, go there, pal, bank commercial. I wrote it. They loved it out the way they were clapping and hand everybody's just like, you know, we did it. They should have paid you for the action money for, for writing the commercial. Sure, wrote that commercial. That was, that was, that was, that was, that was, that was, that was, that was, that was, that was, that was, that was, you know, you know, you gave me a pin and I pop. You know, me, I mean, your face, you know? I would have a good time. No, I know. I think you should start writing some commercials, maybe, for these products. You got good ideas, obviously. Yeah, you know, it's like, let's how to, let's see. I'm gonna do a big board of meals. No, no, no, no, no. You know, let's say, full of flavor, too, you know. I love it. I love that. Okay, if anyone out there gets a chance going YouTube and YouTube that commercial, it's really entertaining, I'll put it on the throttle, I'll put it on the radio, the red, so the people can check it out. You know you've been Not only you enacting you've been training people for many years at Gold's gym over 15 from my recollection now I always liked the fact that you're real you keep it real you clients you make it fun for them I see in the gym when you're training people when I go down that and that's why we build Comstack and I decided to start this little training series with you called Ferguson's in Ferno I was like god days in Ferno Because you put these guys through hell literally You like that you love that neighbor You can't fern with Ferno man like yeah baby, let's just do it started man Yeah, you know what happened was you know, I you know, I you know, I'm a you know I'm a great bodybuilder doing the body Trainer you know what I mean it's like okay actually You can what you want I got so much love of people and And the body just the way that I change mine And I like to give back and so I like you show it by the wall and I feel to you so when me and for these came in I was like You feel sure now we'll shoot a guy in heaven He's a monster. You're right and build up with everyone tell with you everyone tell with you I'm like okay, okay, but he wanted to train Bad with you and I was like okay, so you know, I'm like in my brain like I'm not really bored But like It's something that was easy that I want to do something else because I had been doing piles You know, I've trained with training my other clients going plow between because I you know I like to do cardio And so I'm so my other client, you know, they would give stuff when you lose the way so I have the house making them do piles And stuff between each rep You know, he said you know you do like that sure they do plow So that I create so I would like to build you know I'll actually train You know, I could build and do me everything love the bad work out Everyone do you talk about my remember Yeah, he loves the bad work out so much. He wanted to train me again You know, if you want to train me We have he had a little bit of a little bit of issue That's okay. I could build can can I do this my way you know I mean I get this new idea. I want to try it. I want to do it You know, I feel like okay go ahead and And you don't love it haven't hated and loved it in And that went for no I mean you feel further than far away Never seen far from I never seen anyone train like that you just train someone in the inferno James Newman I saw him at the LA FedEx by the cake of belly walk It's the most incredible routine if anyone wants to see that the video is up on the side right now It's it's probably put up in the last couple days James Newman in Ferguson's in front of is quite the video this kid you really touched out of him You know what I really didn't know and it was him It was like okay, you know I love this guy because he got his He got a little edge swimming. He got his ego in his edge He's doing his thing man And his brain he just wanted to be close. Yeah, he's a military guy. That's why Military guy's like just beat me up You know I'm like because I tell him I might do you know I'm gonna do some chess to some it's like Well my short of a lady here's like okay, let's do legs. I'm like you sure you want to live You and I just Blaves the man and you did I created because I created crazy work out and what I do I know people and when I'm playing them I get into them. You know me I get to admit to with them So I know what they can do I feel but how far to push them and win when they push with it right up When they're not He went far He went far He went far man you already done the death He went to God the death of you would have pushed them there I was like no no He wasn't on quit man No, he was done he was got a long time ago It's like I should have been right down that boy to cut him off He was good but he can't want to do it And I look at Bill I did like a bill I'm not a good one at his Well, if I didn't want to Distantly did this once ago in a Ferguson's in front of you can contact me at huge 285 a day Well that caught my email and submit your name if you're gonna be on California We might we'll see if we can If Jerome will take you on and and talk to you through a workout But people want to get in touch you to train with you on a regular basis Jerome What's the best way to do that your website? Yeah, I go to my website It's they hit me Jerome hot with Ferguson and y'all who calm They can be Facebook drunk Ferguson and I am pretty pro you know and it's Them messages and come on down, but you know and don't be afraid because it's not like I I'm trying to kill you hurt you almost I'm gonna take you to your limit and All you limit just put it this to make you better person when you're done hanging out with me That's right. That's right. And you can check them out at your room for gerson.com Hopefully we'll see you on stage a little later this summer Jerome and it's always a pleasure to talk to you And you got to keep us updated to what's going on in the acting field because I have a feeling when you make it like Arnold I want to make sure I get tickets to all your uh, all your three meters, okay? Hey, I don't take care of you. I got something really big cooking so let me some good energy out there much love to all you beautiful people all you Fam with your call friends. Thank you guys for all the your support believing in me and most of all day Thank you for having me on and believe me as well day Much love Jerome will talk to you later. Okay. My love a talk you later. All right that was Jerome Hollywood Ferguson and Couldn't mean a nice of guy. This is uh, this is a guy who really has a love for what he does training people for the sport itself For life and you know I like to talk to people like that but it's been a good mood I was in Sedona like I said earlier at the Chris the whole weekend or for the whole early part of the week and I'm in a good mood and I'm about positive energy and I'm glad that Chris Was able to you know hold down the floor while I was going so to speak and now that I'm back and All is good in the world Back to the sport of bodybuilding and then we got a lot of coverage coming up in the next couple weeks The flex pro shows coming up Following that we have the desert muscle classic strike or solemn and show followed by the Arnold classic a week off we got to cover the the Australian Grand Prix I heard jubacca singin' them and we'll be out there for that. I will be at the same Louis bro Which will be followed on the Sunday after that show with a bro's verse pros So we got a lot of good stuff coming up in the month of February and March That's all she wrote. So I'd like to thank your own Ferguson for stopping by till next week remember with heavy muscle radio the truth heavy muscle radio is a presentation of rxmuscle.com the truth in bodybuilding to the next week at this same time We're another round with Dave Pullabbo only on heavy muscle really