You're definitely going to get some products. We had a couple of breaks on manufacturing and stuff. We're actually a little bit ahead of schedule, compared to what we thought would be. Back to your point about using this product, I mean, one of the things that's always struck me about how you're building in general, which I come from Las Vegas and I would go back to town and I'd shoot you guys and I know you don't get. They're always going to die for their next show. You usually never happen and no offense to any of them, but it becomes difficult. My view is they never get a grip on the nutrition part. They're always going, no, okay, I don't have to be tied on my diet right now. I can be tied on it at another time. It's really consistency and that's why I like this thing because you need to look good, you know, 350 out of 365 days out of the year. You can't just fly, okay, I'm going to look good twice this year or once this year. And you really have to watch what you're doing when it comes to nutrition. You won't get any work then. A lot of these guys are models and they do commercial stuff and advertising and ads and fitness modeling and yeah, you're right. You got to stay lean. Good try. Talk to me a little bit about physique star radio. We got this starting up this week. Actually, probably a little later in the week, we'll have the first launch of the first show, which will include yourself as the co-hosts with our men's physique, editor-in-chief, iron, lower and Scott Colleen, I will be doing a muscle university fitness or nutrition or whatever we want to talk about for the week segment. What is your segment for your portion of the show going to be about? There's a segment that I'm going to do with the iron that's going to be about training, nutrition, but on a practical level, not the super science level, it's the lifestyle. And then we're going to bring in celebrities and or physique stars or up-and-comers. It can tell the audience how they're doing it. At the end of the day, for me, the life around you're training in nutrition, they get to the wet. How do you manage that? People need to know how to do it. The other thing is when they learn from people who overcame, maybe thinking they're genetics, where they're that great, or somebody said, why you're doing this, that's motivational for a lot of people. A lot of what we're going to be talking about is real life situations, real life people, how they're doing it. We may have them off the wall training methods or other things, but at the end of the day, it's going to be for the physique and through the issues. So if you really want to come further for the week, this is a place where you know, you can get involved because of any taken listener questions. And we're going to have a lot of, you've mentioned earlier, my autrophics itself, we're going to be looking for a whole crew of athletes because we want to get behind this whole movement. And the business has been good to Scott and I. And so we want to make this thing bigger and bigger and bigger. And you'll be a tremendous resource for men's physique. A lot of people, though, there is no place to find out information. I mean, aside from our men's physique.com, which is part of our our ex muscle.com website, on a daily weekly basis, it's nice to be able to have a radio show that you can listen to and find out what the newest trends are as the sporty vows because it is evolving. And it's evolving in a very rapid rate because it just started out and that always happens in the beginning. You know, I know they changed already. They changed from board shorts to tighter shorts, only black colors this year. Who knows the next year, there might be some poses involved. We don't know. There might be other divisions. I know they're launching a master's division this year. So men's physique is growing by leaps and bounds and people will be able to tune in, whether it be Wednesday, 9th or Thursday night, we haven't decided yet for all the updates on men's physique on the men's physique world, not only relating to competition, but also as far as nutrition. And as you said, lifestyle, which is probably, I think the most appealing part of the men's physique movement, it's the lifestyle, it's the lifestyle of these guys live. Right. And then the other thing too, like you mentioned, is, you know, these eyes, they have, you know, let's say a day job. And they want to break into, you know, doing commercials, doing print modeling, doing other stuff. And so there's going to be a lot of talk about that. I'm going to have guys who have been successful doing it. And you know, how to kind of do that. And even if you're not super successful, your whole, your self-esteem and everything all goes up. I mean, that's the other thing about this, the big thing and I used to argue, you talk with a lot of people, it's like, oh, why wouldn't you want to take care of your body? Well, what would be wrong with that? Okay? I mean, it can only make your life better. Unless you just make it, you know, be only thing you do. You can only make your life better. People ask me, they're like, oh, you said such good shape all the time. Why? I said, you don't keep it anymore. So, well, because I want to feel good. I want to be in a good health. I want to look good, because how can I give advice about, look good? It's kind of hypocritical, don't you think? Oh, yeah. You know, shit. It's a thing I just say, if you were a bodybuilder and you don't bodybuild now, you never were. That's right. I'm 100%. You're just right. I mean, you were just maybe it was a fleeting thing. You maybe you got involved in chicken pizza. It's more of a drug person's learning how to train correctly and learn how to eat, right? Yeah. It might have been legal trips, too. Right. So, I do want to mention that we have, and we'll talk about it. I think, Ian and I were going to talk about the Psevecastle Guide, which is a kind of an e-book. I put together, which was one of the reasons why one of the things I brought this column, I said, you know, it's kind of good to make the move here. And so I think there'll be free downloads for anybody to get that. Fantastic. I read it. I love it. Great. Thank you. Thank you. These men's busy guys, you know, love it. You given it away for free? We're given away for free. Wow. Okay. How did people get it? I'm telling you. We're listening. You got to love this thing. How did people download this thing? It just goes through, we'll have a link on your side. Okay. The Vick-askleek.com. Okay. Great. I don't think so. I think that's the people going to really like it, the manual, because it really is a how-to book on how to be a men's busy competitor or live that lifestyle. At least. I think that's what a lot of guys are after. And I think that I am lower, your co-host, and you should have some kind of a men's busy uposed down at some point during the, maybe the Olympia or something like that. And we can see who lives the lifestyle, the best, you know, over the next eight months, nine months. Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. Did you say they have a master's, what's the age? That's right. Well, I guess they're probably an age category. It's probably by next year they'll have 40, you know, over 50, and over 60, and over who knows. Yeah. How old are you these days? How do you have you 50? I'm 50. Oh, you did. Yeah. I did. Congratulations. Oh. No, I'm lucky. So, yeah, again, you know, getting involved in this as a really young guy and you did the same. Wow, what a stupid look. I couldn't really imagine finding this stuff in my 40s or something. Really a lot, much of a call. Definitely. Definitely. That's the other thing about this. You're going to get a lot of young guys that are going to go out of that, something I want to get. You're right. The body building in is she looks like it's gotten older and men's physique seems to be bringing in the younger guys. And I think that is a good thing. Very good point, you make. Yeah, I mean, that might just my daughters, you know, she's a nice girl. And, you know, these guys, you know, that's what they want to look like. You better watch your daughter. These guys are going to all be after your daughter. Yeah. She can handle it, so I'll be. Yeah, that's me. Yeah. So this is going to be a lot of fun. And we, you know, from Scott and I, we really want to thank you, Jay, for supporting this. And I know when I first talked to you, you were already on the same page. You already had the men's physique.com. And we're kind of this quick. And, you know, this is it here. But to sit, you know, we already know it here. It's, you call up, fight for this. This is going to be great for bodybuilding. It's going to be great because a lot of nutrition companies, not just my trophics. Because I think a lot of the companies get, you know, they get computers with who they're marketed. They want us, they want us, they want us, they want us, they all, the cycle of problems. You know, more people use supplements when they're care about their physique than anything. You know what I mean? That's all the big brands have been built on that. Because, let's face it, it's hard work. And if you're working hard, you're willing to pay for products that will help you get the better or easier. Yeah, you're right, 100%. And the radio show is called physique star radio. Look for later this week, because hosted by Vince Andrewt and I am lower. And it also featured muscle universities segment with a doctor Scott Colleen myself. Vince, I know you got a lot of work to do with this new website. And then with the new company, best to lock in, I'm really excited to be working with you now officially in some capacity. Now, me too, thank you, appreciate it. Alright, Vince Andrewt, the company's Myotropics Catch em later in the week is Zeke Star Red. The first single radio is a presentation of RXMuscle.com, The Truth in Bodybuilding. To the next week, get the same time. For another round with Dave Full of Bo only on heavy muscle, really.