I think it's a great idea, Tony. I think that's a great idea. It's all kind of the way to make it interesting. You know what I'm saying? Like I tell everyone all the time, we are one of the few organizations organized. So we take color to sport because sport have set rules and regulations that everyone in the building can follow. So we have to say we either, like a paddock, which that sounds too weak. I mean, you know, there's a few things that we could do to put a standard in our sport. In our event or whatever. That way, we can physically call this sport. We have a point system now. If you learn play while you place. And then a way for you to determine how you place. You don't say, like we have pre-judging, we have Microsoft for the B-350. Right? I mean, but how is it really? Is it 50, 50, really? I mean, you know what I'm saying? How do we know other than that's what the judges are telling? So in other words, in other words, you know, the judges might, you have to come up with some kind of way where just like yesterday, we watched in the Super Bowl. You know, somebody goes out of bounds, or somebody, you know, all sides of France started, whatever. The rest calls it, but we can see it as well. Cause we know the game. And that's what's missing from our sport. People that's been following this sport for 10, 15 years can walk out of a bodybuild and so they know what the hell just happened. Right? So that's where I think we can improve and make it better for everyone, fans, athletes, promoters, you know. I mean, you know, with the whole world of technology, now you can even throw in, you know, letting audience, and after the judges picked the top six, the audience picked the winner, cause you know, everybody can text it in. So I mean, we got to take now to take it to that level. Think how much interest, how much more interesting it would be if you got 10, 20,000 people voting on the internet and then plus the 34,000 people voting in the arena. That would be intense. I agree with 10, just ideas, you know. That would be good ideas. Sorry, getting the pride of money up to, you know, 34, 5, and we started voting, started getting some serious response. People are going to start wanting to see this stuff that we can just time it up. I mean, we got awesome bodies. So that's what making people want to come. But you still got people leaving the arena. I mean, I go travel all over the world and people are like, we don't understand how this person, what do I make? Well, I'm on the stage. I don't know either. I mean, you know what I'm saying? So some kind of way it needs to be a better connection between what's going on. So everybody can, you know, so it can be a real fan of the sport, not just a fan of the athlete. Right. You're right. You're 100% right. And I hope that the, hope that the power is to be or someone's listening to this and maybe you could make a proposal and that's how the sport evolves and changes for the better, because you know what really is happened. The sport really has changed. But it's the most of the changes occurred in the women's divisions. They've added a three or four new women's divisions over the last couple of years and the sport. And the numbers have ballooned. And I think that while they added a men's physique division, I really think they've done very little to help the bodybuilding evolve. And I think that, yeah, I think we need some more creativity in there and I think to make it more interesting, I'm not saying to make it like WWE wrestling, but once you get a point system or, you know, I think they were doing it. They had the right idea when they tried to bring that challenge round in back in the day, but it just wasn't executed right, so it did kind of screwed everything. It's all going to draw an out. Actually everyone shouldn't have been able to, they just, they just didn't, it just lasted too long. It should have been more like, you know, some kind of way to cut a short and then synchronize it a little bit and then it didn't, it probably was because that, the premise for that is that's a great idea. You know what I'm saying? But I think I think the basic stuff needs to be like, everyone needs to hit the pose, the mandatory pose is the same way. You can have your own versions when you do your pose in routine and on that. But I'm saying when you're being judged, we need to be hit at the same time, because you know everybody be on. Yeah, waiting for that, you know. Yep. You understand, make it more official. That's all, you know, even powerless and they have to pick it up and they have to hold it for a certain amount of seconds. I mean, hey, if we have nothing, nothing, official. Nothing, Vora. So this gives us a couple of things that are official that everyone in the building could see. And then, you just have to do that to make it a deal. I mean, I just got to make it more exciting. Maybe, I don't know, maybe not. But when the audience can know what's going on, not be guessing, like right now, the only time you know, or you think you know, it's not how they put somebody in the middle. So if we put somebody in the middle, then you think, oh, that person must be first place. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, that's all we got. That's all we got. You're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, that's all we got. Well, I am, I think every, the fans are going to be looking forward to seeing you in some other venue other than the way they usually see you, which is either guest posing or up on a body, but I say, you're going to be functionally lifting at Bros. vs. Bros. 10. The X-Man takes on the world at Sunday, March 18th, at the West County Health and Fitness Center. That's going to be in St. Louis, Missouri. Tony Freeman will challenge the world. 225 pounds on the bench press for reps for $2000. I'm excited to see you. Tony, will you be at the Arnold Classic? We have a booth. I will be there. It's a pretty much what I would be there. I'm looking forward to being at the Arnold being an audience. Being, you know, not all died at that. I'm a people who, you know, see me at, you know, 300, 300, 300 plus. Hopefully we'll get to see that. I've been late and so so long. So yeah, don't be that. We're going to have a great time. I mean, that's like the, the guys are lifting. That's like the thing for the year. That's what you've got. You know, if you're in this game, you need to be, I know you're going to miss being at stage, but at the same time, I'm sure you're not going to miss the fact that you're not going to be dying. You can actually enjoy the Arnold for once in your life. And I'm sure. I'm going to take note of this show. I'm going to really, you know, be able to fit down a deserved of a fix and take notes, because you know, these are all the young guys. I've got to be dealing with my plan on sticking around. So yeah. And they're looking so impressive. So, you know, this is going to be like my, you know, I've been sitting there and analyze the situation. And you know, get my game plan together, because you know, some really good talent out there. This certainly is. And once again, you can see the X-Man at the X-Pane booth at the Arnold Classic or two weeks later. On Sunday, March 18th, it froze, verse, pros, 10, Tony, always a pleasure to talk to you. Thanks. Thanks, Dave. That was the X-Man, Tony Freeman. And he'll be in St. Louis, Missouri, Sunday, March 18th. For Bro's verse, pros, 10, always a classic. I love to talk to this guy. He's one of my favorite guys in the industry. And I've said it before. I'll say it again. I had to pick a physique that I wanted to have, or I would want to possess it would be the X-Man's physique, because he is the X-Man. He's got the small ways. He looks athletic. You got to watch people in person looking at this guy. When he walks through the crowd, people just look at him. And you know what people like? They can respect his physique. It's not big and freakish, but it's impressive enough that people say, that's what I want to look like. And that what body-blings all about, it's about creating a physique that other people would like to have themselves. It's the superhero, ultimately. And Tony Freeman and my eyes is a superhero in this industry. And one of the good guys who gives back, and I'm looking forward to seeing them both at the Arnold, and then two weeks later at Bros. vs. Bros. 10. For now though, we're at a time. Until next week, remember. With heavy muscle radio, the truth hurts. We muscle radio is a presentation of RXMuscle.com, the truth in bodybuilding. To the next week at the same time. For another round with Dave Pulmamo, only on heavy muscle, going to film the air.