To be Muscle Ringo! Our next guest is Back by Popular Demand. Good friend of ours, good friend of mine. He is the X-Man, Tony Freeman. Or something? Got you back here. We were trying to record before. We had a little technical difficulty. We're doing this again, and it's going to be better than ever. Tony, I saw you at the LA Fit X-Bow last weekend. And you looked great. You had the X-Pane booth you were at. You had your little corner section off there. The fans were mobbing you. And all seems good in your world. It was a good man, you know. I just went taking a slow, these last, almost, again, like six-day and weeks, and stuff. Master show. I just went taking a easy, letting my body heal. Top and off, all my essentials. Get ready for the season. Well, doing good. You know, we have the, we have the Bro's verse pros, strength challenge. Number 10 coming up. And I said to myself, who would I want to get for Bro's verse pros 10? Or Bro's verse pros X as we're calling it? I said, the dream pick would be Tony Freeman the X-Man, because that would be, you know, almost be like heaven said. And I said to myself, Tony's always traveling. He's busy. He's competing. He's dieting. And you know what? For some reason, the universe must have opened up its armstuff. And said, we are going to give you the X-Man, because you're not dieting. You're not competing. You're not traveling that weekend. And we got you. You agreed to it. Yep. I'm maybe doing it. You know, I haven't, you know, before I tore my pick, I was, you know, I wasn't like a super strong word. I could do a lot of reps with 225 and 15. I was doing 405 with that to 205. But, you know, we'll see, I'm not going to challenge heaven. I haven't, I haven't done a, any kind of competition like that. Because I really try not to football. You guys can deny this. Right. So we're calling this brazverse pros 10. The X-Man takes on the world. Because you are opening up, we are opening up this competition to anyone who wants to come down and see if they could outbench you for 225 pounds for reps. It will be taking place on Sunday, March 18th at the West County Health and Fitness Center. St. Louis, Missouri. It's the one. It's the same weekend as the St. Louis Pro show. Jack, Tony's, hydrolyzed, ultra will be the main sponsor of that event. And really, people can come down. You're going to go last whoever gets to, who puts up the most amount of reps is going to walk on $2,000 to richer. So there is some cash on the line here. There's a little bit of a, I think we'll see if people will lie in the room. Oh, yeah, you know where body goes. It'll do for money. Wow. So, you know, you're going to have some, some heavy head is coming down there. I'm going to, I want bragging rights to say that they beat the X-Man. And I know you, you're a fierce competitor. You're, you know, an athlete growing up and, you know, like the lose. I just met at all. Not at all. So I would definitely be training for this, specifically. I won't make a fool out of myself. You're also one of these guys that I, you're like a clutch player. You're, you're, you're the kind of guy that's like, cool on the pressure. You're always, you're able to perform. You know, when the chips down and when old it, well, you know, everyone's expecting you to just, you know, drop out of existence. You come back, you win a pro show. You know, I was watching the Super Bowl and, you know, Eli Manning is, as a guy like that too. He seems to perform better on the pressure. Do you like it when you have to, when you, when you, when you're forced, almost put out your best effort. I think it's new like that all through my life. You know, high school. I don't call it even great school. You know, just doing stuff under pressure. You know, you need to perform. I've always been a performer if it's our little kid. So I, you know, you know, that, that, that, that was chance to, you know, shine or step up at the back. You know, I want to play it back. I want to play it back. I want to play everything through it. We'll get shot at the buzzer or something like that in the win the game. But, yeah, I enjoy it. How do you, uh, quite your mind to the play where you can just focus on everything, nothing that's around you, but just on what you're doing. Because a lot of people get distracted. They allow the pressure to, to beat them. Uh, I see so many bodyables choking and screwing up at the last minute. How do you keep your head straight like that? Well, in the past, I haven't been one of those guys in the choke to the last minute. You know, now I kind of just, you know, I treat it as another day to office. And, you know, like, like, I always tell people, I don't celebrate when I win. I don't cry when I lose. Like, you know, it's my job. It's something that I have to perform at my best. No matter what the outcome, I'm just treated like that. And, you know, when you're, you know, the bodybuilding is not something that's cut and dry. I think it's easier for me to use to be harder because I should put a lot of emotions into it. But now it's business. So I understand the game, I understand how it works. You know, can it be better? Of course it could have. So, you know, but, you know, I play the game and, you know, and I try to get the best I would. And try to enjoy myself more and anything. And what? You have a son who's an ex on athlete. Would you work kind of advice to you give him so that he can, you know, not that same cool demeanor when he's playing his sports. Um, he's so gifted. You know, he runs track. So gifted and so talented. I'm actually encouraged him to seek out strong competition because I've watched him in the track. He never loses. Really? And my opinion, I think he needs to raise some people that are, you know, you know, but already, faster than him, you know, by the clocking away. Right. And see if they can't pull that extra gear out of him and see if he can see how fast he really is. So I just tell him the all and I look like that one I'll always play with the bigger kids. You know, when I was a kid, I played with girl men. When I was a little kid, I played with big kids. I always play with people that were better than me, a bigger than me. That was a close to be better than me. So that way, when you do, you know, get a shot on them or make a tackle on them or whatever you're doing, you know, if you know that you're really good, it's not this low because you're playing against competition that, you know, challenging you to do better and be your best. What is your best? What events does he do in the track and field? He runs 100 meters and he runs the 4 by 1, 400, the 200. He's just at academic all-American and athletic all-American for, you know, you know, and track him and with a grade in with his spiel on track. So that's not that pretty cool. Were you a good student in school? Did you not like the study and stuff in there? I did really well. I always tell my senior year. I've seen a year only had to go to school till 10 p.m. I had like two classes and so you know what I'm saying? I did really well like one through 10 months or 11. That's all the matters, of course. Yeah, I mean, I pretty much graduated early, but we moved and I just said, I'll get out through half a day and go to work. I started working. 11 grade. I didn't know. I did. Yep. When did you actually have your first child? 23. There you go. You got married at 21 and then I have my first child 23. That's good. He just turned 22. That's what I was going to say. Your kid is like, you can be a kid. Yeah. You can have it any more. Yeah. You can be a grand. My brother is my younger brother at the Grandfather already. I'm just a little bit not so, yeah. You know, very high in the hospital. I think that he's so focused on what he's doing. That he's not. I really don't fear it. I mean, you can have him that happens. But I really don't fear it because, you know, he's starting to realize what he has in front of him. So I'm hoping that I'm pretty sure he is going to just, you know, end up playing football in the last few years and probably 100 ago in between. I'll end up here or not in 2016. What kind of time does he run for the 100? Right at 10 second tip. Wow. Really? Yeah. That's, that's well class. I know. Right here at the 44 and a half inch vertically. Oh, my God. What's his name? Uh, mecoframin. To mecoframin. Wow. We got to kill the tiger. I have a common state. And you know, really, probably towards the end of the year, I'm going to put him in mince with each. He literally went into the seat, like right now. You know, he's on the bottom of the foot of my face. Just right now today. I'm wearing a present for 100 minute time. That's incredible. Yeah. He's like, you know, I was pretty fast. But I'm never really, you know, I didn't, I ran tracks like an easy grade. Yeah. I didn't really pursue it. And man, he's a beast. He's really, really is. See, I have a scholarship for that. Yeah. Yeah. We'll try it. You're lucky. Thank you. What's your ability? And it doesn't his speed. He has speed over a longer time. I think he can really be good at the 200 if he practices. Because he can maintain the top speed for a long time. And he just barely quickly could do. What is he long jump? You just started long jump. I'm not sure, but I know his standing bar jump is like, in eight. Yeah. Yeah. He's a freebie. It's like, he's leaking abilities. If I could ride steel in the 12 feet, I'm he can put his palm with his hand on the steel and hold my hand. Yeah, totally. Time of 11. Wow. What a jump. I wish he was a little bit taller than that. But, you know, he's a perfect height for a cornerbacker. You know, and then when he's 25, 26, 27, we can put him in a bodybuilder. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's like, it can make some money for this. I have to, like I told him, I said, you know, boy, who's drinking some more when you retire, you still have time to be a good guy. Yeah, when he's 40, look at you. He could get him to go into bodybuilding in 40 and be fine. Yeah. 35. But let's talk about you though, because for a guy who could possibly be a grandfather, you're pretty, and I see it the booth. And, you know, many people might not watch. I was watching you at the L.A. FedExpo, and I got a Dionistro, and I've told you this before, but when I was at a booth, okay, at 300 something pounds, and I was always in good shape, I would get tons of people coming over for autographs and pictures, and 90% of them, probably 95% of them were guys. They wanted to know advice on how to train, how to take supplements, and what I did, and diet, and stuff. And maybe one or two girls would come over the whole time. You got, like, at least 50% women at the booth, at your booth, all-oogling, googly-eyed, over you. I can't believe it. It's unbelievable. It's pretty crazy, bro. This weekend, it was a lot of fans there, period, but it was like, you know what I should say, 50% women. Like, normally most of the actual stuff is, a lot of guys, but it was a lot of women there. I actually got the Dionistro, Malano, come on, what's the level? No, I'm talking about it. Well, listen, Malano? You just, no, the niche. You just want the X-caliper, X-caliper. I don't know. You gotta look for a bro. Okay. He's like, hey, you get you there. You know, as I couldn't, there was one girl hotter than the next coming to your booth. I was like, in shock. Yeah, it was a bunch of day off. They all, you know what I'm saying? I mean, that's, you know what I'm saying? What are they all talking about? How can they like you so much, and they don't like these other guys? Well, I'm a real man, I'm a real dude. I'm not saying to these guys, aren't they? But what I'm saying is, I'm like, there, I'm the image. I'm there, a vision of what it should be. You know what I'm saying? So it's more like, shit in the moa. I learned of the young age, how to, you know? I don't, I don't, I'm a check woman, and that's the one of the main reasons why I picked that bodybuild because I knew I know a woman like I watched my listen to. I mean, I was the dude who didn't get to girl, but the girl would tell me all her problems about, you know, just do the math dude. And I learned a lot from that. I did that for like my whole high school career, and I just know. It started. It's studied. Not studied. What does it tell us what a girl wants? Please, we're all trying to feel this out, Tony. They want your listen to them. They can't exactly what they want. Each one of them is different. And if they open up themselves, do you know what they want? And they'll say it in a joking way, you know, or like, you know, like a signing free-spite thing, but it's you know, if you're a guy who can, or by that, you really want to girl them, then I mean, you know, not like they keep it a secret. But I'm so worried like to play games, of course. Because they don't want to be the first ones to get hurt. But when the time we got to be like, you're going to do this really just listen to them. See, you mean we actually have to listen to what they're saying is that they're trying my problem. Or you have to listen to what they're trying to say, not exactly the word. Not on the words. You don't say, you kind of got to read between the line. So they want people to get something like that. It's a fantasy romantic, very tale, that was a typical relationship. And you, and you feel like they're like the bad boys, just like choke them on. That's right. You feel like you feel the limits fantasies. Is that what you're telling me? I'm talking. Yeah. I'm talking. You're mentally not the male. Sometimes I'm not so okay. Yes, you're right. You're right. You're 100%.