Welcome back to live with brought to you by Species Nutrition. Visit speciesnutrition.com. I'm Dave Palumbo and today's guest is no strange to this show. He just turned pro at the NPC USA Championships winning the super heavyweight class. My pleasure to welcome back Henry Jackson III. How you doing, Dave? Hey, last time we talked to you, just won the Junior USA overall in 2016. No one knew who you were. You were new face in the block and then we said, I said to you, I said, you'll be a pro one day and you finally are congratulations. Yeah, thank you. It has been a long journey. I remember stepping into the NPC scene back in 2015. You know, giving myself three years of getting my pro car and hey, in three years it happened. So, hey, what can you say, man? That's a success story. Most people doesn't happen for that quickly. Yeah. I know, but I'm lucky. I look at God. Yeah. Well, you got some terrific talent as well. You went through a very stressful prep because you were moved. You moved recently to California. You were looking for job. You didn't need to go. Then you were working three jobs. Tell us what your schedule was like leading up to the show. Oh, man. Yeah. So moved out here in October. I immediately landed a job at a GNC store. Maybe a month after that. I landed a job with 24 hours fitness, personal training. And on top of that, I started driving Uber. So my day was usually started like five, 30 in the morning with my five, 30 client. And then I would go, I would check out it 24 hour fitness around nine o'clock work at GNC from like 10 to four. Drive lift from like 4 to 9. And then I would train from 9 to midnight at 9. Yeah. And I was freaking scheduled at this. Yeah. Yeah. It was insane. I would do that. Maybe three to four times a week. And on the other days, I'll try to catch up on risk. And it was insane. So that was particularly my daily schedule. I love guys who would have strong work ethic. I think that's great. And I think you're going to be a true success down the road. You're not afraid to work part. But what was the reason for working three for three jobs? It just needed the money? Yeah. Yeah. The money. So a spot of those expensive, right? Yes. Very expensive. Anybody who's competed in bodybuilding knows how expensive it could be. That's what I had to do. And on top of that, I maybe had maybe three clients I trained online. And that was another source of income I had. Yeah. That's great. I always say diversify. I have multiple streams of income. And that's the greatest way to earn a living because of one's drives up. You got the other one the full back on. And obviously you're not afraid to work hard. And that's cool. Another thing you actually endured during this prep is it's been very hot out there in California. What was the record attempt so far that they had the highest was 117? Wow. Now that wouldn't sound so bad until you hear the fact that Henry has no air conditioning in his house. Yes. Yes. So air conditioning broke. So you have been dealing with that throughout the whole heat wave. And what can I say is we found ways to make it work at MIT. You wet your t-shirt. You get up under a fan. And it cools you off pretty good man. But during the day I make sure of out the house around the AC. Because during the days just too high. At MIT in California it cools down in the valley pretty good. So it cools down for 97. Yeah. Yeah, 97. You know, high 80s. It's pretty bearable. But man during the day is no way. No wonder how you got so in it. You never stopped sweating for 24 hours a day. But actually stress my body out man. I just my body was responding the way it usually has and we kicked my car deal but from like one hour and it was two hours and it was three hours for a few days Wow, who you know is looking to do three hours a car, you're right? So but that's what we had to do for like maybe the last three or four days of the trip and it was brutal and so but we pretty much had to shop shop the fat off my body for it all so I bet you like doing the three hours a car because at least you got to sit in the gym and the air conditioning, right? Exactly Hey, Henry Henry's like should I do three hours of cardio at the cool gym or do I have to go home to my girlfriend and sit 97 degree heaps you know with a fan blowing on me with a wet t-shirt To me does it sounds like the cardio sounds way more appealing to me Yeah, cardio for the wind man. I was gladly doing cardio That you Yeah, you had a real tough battle in that super heavyweight class, huh? Yeah, I did I remember coming back from the pre-judging and it was six of us and Ron he was in the center square, but you know I didn't really like that to turn me because it was six of us I kind of figured you know maybe they just wanted us up that way So it was six guys and there's really no center. You know, so you know I didn't leave pre-judging discursor anything I knew it was close By the lead pre-judging defeated or thinking I had lost you know the supers or whatever so me and Phil We just kept going in to come in even tighter Saturday for the night showing us what we did and it paid off, you know, so yeah I think it was I think I believe it was a three-point decision because I just interviewed Ryan yesterday and You know, he was thrilled to be second but Was close and could have gone on either way and so getting past him was probably the toughest valley had all night Now when you got to the overall did you think you had a good shot at winning that? Oh, yeah, I did I felt pretty confident going to the overall because even though I felt like I saw the light-heavy backstage but I know going into the show Lucas favorite it and he was center stage the whole time during the You know the overall so I figured you know Would loop in my teammate I'll just you know better a lot with him Post with him and overall and maybe I could enter him out, but um yeah when they called When they called for winners they're like heavy one But yeah, I did feel pretty confident going into the overall you know whenever you make it to the overall it's always Exciting especially with me already knew I got the pro cards right it's good to some of bonus Yeah, I Yeah, I don't think anyone really knew who's gonna go because Luke who won the heavyweight class obviously A lot of people were you know kind of favoring then Shane in the light heavyweight who won the overall was probably the most condition of everyone up there And it looks like they judged his weight with conditioning. I mean he was just a grainy grainy heart so That's what happens with these lighter weight guys they got to make weight so they're like you know There's peel to the bone like trying to you know get into that weight class and sometimes that condition I always say conditioning when shows man You're big guy that you're six foot two two 63 on stage. I mean that that's a lot of mass on your body on a really big frame You have and you probably can you probably can grow what would you like to see yourself go up to eventually what what weight You think would look good on you? I think for me like Too 85 will be a great stageway for me. I think about 15 more pounds if you can't Because like you said I'm a taller guy still have some gaps of feel With my physique so I think for me to match like that fuller look that some shorter guys have I will have to add about 15 to any more pounds of stage Wait yeah Right now this what we're gearing up to do with me and feel goal is to do the California probe Makes you're made that's the goal. You know that was you guys a planet Yes, so let's see Yeah, that's that's why for a lot of I could I could be competitive on the growth stage around here Yeah, I think so I told Phil this you know, but by the way is your coach you know I told my signal congratulations because he got you and he had Luke so that was you know two winners there The USA that was great for him but you know Sometimes it's it's you gotta have someone who keeps you you're focused and obviously You know, you I don't think you had a coach did you for the juniors? I did not I don't have a let's entail The amateur Olympia That's an interesting I'm glad you brought that up last year I thought I was gonna see what nationals, but you actually decided to do the the The amateur Olympia at the mr. Olympia week and last year And you won the supers there but you didn't get the overall and so you didn't get the pro card, but What was the reasoning behind picking that show? Yes, um decided to do amitro it was mainly Phil brought it up. I didn't really know anything about the amitro Olympia Because they just decided to hold it in Vegas that year right I Didn't know anything about it. I knew a few guys that were doing it self-shall who I competed against at junior a say He was supposed to do the show, but he ended up doing North Americans Went into overall there. Yeah getting his pro card But yeah, it was mainly Phil's suggestion and you know I thought it was a good idea You know, you know, it was first amateur Olympia over the year in the states Yeah, and I thought it would bring some good exposure. So I knew it was gonna be a tough show being the fact that the pro card was going to be given to the overall winner But you know, I took up the challenge and you know, it did things in pan out, but You know, it was still still a good showing. Yeah, I don't get it No, you look good. I mean you want the class obviously, but how can you mean go on and do the national's after that? It was Financial okay, you're moved that's when you moved to right yeah Exactly and also yeah, I had decided to move so it was a whole combination of things You know moving Financial wanted to focus on getting out here which I got set was very stressful Where did you move from? I moved from Georgia Columbus Georgia which is maybe Our South Atlanta. Yeah, now what major decided to move out there at California? I moved out here because I met my girlfriend in Georgia she works in news My name is Lita Uko, but she ended up landing a reporter job out here in LA which is where she's from So I decided to come with you know, it's California's LA did exposure for bodybuilders So I moved out here with her a week after Well, it's one of two weeks after the emptier of Limpia Wow, so yeah, it's kind of like a split decision I made because at first I was going to stay in Georgia for a little while then come out here But you know, I was like wow wait, you know, so I studied California's expensive too, isn't it? It is it is so way more than Georgia Yeah, yes, it's like the rent is like almost triple the price in Georgia That's crazy, yeah, but I guess you got a good job so you can't turn that down You know, yeah, I mean we're luckily enough with our setup since Lita's from LA We moved in with her parents, so we're saving money. Oh, all right. That's always because that's smart Very smart. Exactly. So yeah, what's your train at out there? The gym I train at us is I go to those gym vines a lot Goal gym in North Hollywood and the old powerhouse gym that's out here in the valley, but it's called a crunch fitness now Right, but you powerhouse, but they still have all the old powerhouse security That people don't realize they think oh you're in LA you can go to Venice gold anytime you want Yeah, as long as you could line it up with one of the traffic is not it is almost impossible, right? Exactly the four or five is terrible. So you can't go during rush hour turn out now And everybody knows rush hour traffic in LA last we're like maybe five or six hours so that's one of these That was another reason why I went to those late because I can get there in 30 minutes. Of course If you went during prime time though you would you would take your four hours to get there You know yeah exactly. He's you take like two hours to get there. So I will always wait till maybe like 7.38 o'clock There are pretty minutes training come right back and I was good to go There is one have you been have you trained yourself at gold? Did I mean you worked out when I ate the guys there or any of the trainers there Not at all I've been training by myself as guys like I'll see Sergio Flitz Son rodent was those guys seeing me late In there at night training solo and the it was funny because when I got the award for super heavies Son rodent presented me the award. I've seen him several times in there late at night doing two of it Sort of Arnold and the Olympia he was like hey man. I told you to pay off all the late nights You know you working hard time So those really cool for him to present me the award and just him seeing like what I've done What all the late sessions to get there. It's it was very Yeah, words can't I can't describe it. It was very cool very cool well Henry Congratulations on the huge when it could have happened to nice a guy I've seen you kind of evolved in this industry and now you're a pro and Looking forward to seeing what kind of damage you could do in that pro level. I think your potential as I said last time two years ago Still unlimited yeah, thank you. Thank you Dave. I'm very I'm looking forward to just Making my mark and supporting now progressing and just making improvements where I need to make them and you know Just doing damage so we'll see we'll see next year. You're well. I think you're gonna be a very dangerous guy on the I could be pro level in the future how old you now by the way? I'm 27. Oh, you're still a young man. All right cool You got your whole career head. You still Yeah, it's funny because like I was telling you earlier When I first started competing NPC at the age of 24 I wrote down in this composition book that I've written all my goals and everything down and that it I'll give myself three years to get the pro card like I was 24 to Tom on 27 now So it just goes and show man, you know with just hard work and just staying consistent You can they can be done, you know, so what does it say you're a little golf-book about winning the Olympia How many years you give yourself about oh I said give myself to the age of 30 three more years All right three more years another three year plan. That's right. Yes, sir. Let's see if Henry's three year plan pans out For now though on day polymer will add a time this until next week until next time Check it out see you later