Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Food Expo. There's 30-year-to-year-to-row and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry with a low-car pop tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. On day polunk though, founder of Species Nutrition. I created Species Nutrition with one mission in mind to provide body builders and serious athletes with no nonsense supplements that work and are backed by science. From my earliest body-building days, I believe in only putting the best in my body and that lives on in the Species Nutrition line of products. We use only top-of-the-line formulations, toast from maximum results and the best flavor systems available. I put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition products. If you want to be your absolute best, join the evolution. Welcome back to Iron Rage. I'm the polunko joined as always by Lee Priest. How is it going over there in Australia during these... We are talking. You're lucky I checked my phone in the morning day. I said to myself, Lee, you deserve a sleep in today. You know, Dave hasn't sent a message for the show. The alarm went off the fire. I said, you know what? I better check the phone. And you're in a shallow 30 minutes. You know what? Actually reminded me to actually text you. Tony Dario texted me. I'm supposed to get him on tomorrow for a little interview. And then I said, oh no, Lee, you guys got to text Lee, holy shoot. I'm easy to forget, you know. Tell me. Tell me if you've heard this before. Did you ever see the Tasmanian devil? I don't know. Just wonder if you ever heard that before. I thought it was the Tasmanian devil. I did. I did want to say this. I did want to say this. This. Good. Have you ever seen the Tasmanian devil, by the way? I was actually in Tasmania. But this. Yes, I've seen many of them. You never seen one? No, I never seen one in person. I heard they're nasty little buggers. They are. I think they wanted a thing out of all the animals. I think they got one of the strongest bites on them, like pound for square inches. They can just bite through bone. I'll send you some photos. I've got some photos on my phone. I've been Tasmanian devil. When they didn't look like that, doesn't quite look like the cards. No, it doesn't look like a snake. They're nasty. They're nasty. I went to a little, they look like a little pug. They look like a little pug dog with a pointing nose and think, fuck and teeth. Do they run around the wild? Can you actually see them? Yeah, wander around the wild. I think that Tasmania would, a lot of the zoos he have them and stuff. You'll see them at the zoos. And there's actually a place not far from me, probably an hour and a half drive. It's called Ozzy Ark. And then they sort of helped the koalas and stuff. They would breathe them up there. And they've actually got the Tasmanian devil up there. They would have got a big place. It actually got up there and spend an eye. And you know, see what a breeding program of the Tasmanian devil? Sounds like a horror movie doesn't it? People were looking at the picture right now. That's scary as hell, what to me up. You go camping for the night, the Tasmanian devil's snake and strap. It looks like a little pug dog that's turned into a Hulk dog. It looks like a big rat is what it looks like to me. I don't know. You know, I was in Tasmania for one day when I did my tour of Australia in 2012. I went down there with Xavier Wills. We stated his house for the day and I was actually at a seminar at a hardcore gym down there. But I was only there for less than 24 hours. So I didn't really get a chance to go to school. What gym did you get? Was that slow to house gym? Yes. Slow to house gym. Absolutely. Yeah. It was slow to house gym. I was slow to house gym. Yeah. I was slow to house gym. Yeah. Why ain't any brother around that gym? Actually, sadly, he's back in jail. Oh, is he really? He decided to lose his plot and he got mad and went back to a pug down there and shot left with a gun. Oh, really? Yeah, that moment laps in that. That was a high score gym. That was a seriously high score. Like scary high score gym, right? Yeah, the great guys, I was too proud. So they run the powerlifting in order to use the put on shows. But Tasmania actually is a great place. They got the port off. That's where a lot of convicts stayed down there. And if you go around, it's really very historic. My grandmother came with me once when I went to Tasmania and you go to these places where the BD's old brick homes at the convicts built and when they built them, they put their fingerprints in the bricks. Oh, really? Let's just say, coming home from Tasmania, my grandmother's suitcase weighed about $0.60 kilos because she won the bring some bricks home and really is too strong some bricks. They're on the leaning. Yeah. Like, I had relatives that lived down there. But Tasmania's sort of like, down in the south is like, they see, they're really pretty. Tasmania's kind of like. So the gallages of the league, those those people who live there. There's actually a good movie. If you want to see a good sort of horror movie, like, you know, wrong turn and all those sort of movies, there's one called the dying breed. It's about Tasmania and this in-bred family that kills people and that's pretty interesting. Just that I want to watch lead at Nathan Freigotta sleep now. The Tyler Antony is a watch list, yeah. The dying breed is nothing like watching a girl get raped over a table by a guy like this. I got a shit. Yeah, I have to think who's the sick mind was to thought the movie up. But it probably is based on a true story. I just look at the thing and I just watched the movie thinking she looks like she's enjoying it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Only you would think that. Just go with it. If you try and find them, that's what they're at this one. You don't find it. You just go with it. That's right. There's someone that's been raped many times. Is that your stupid Steve? Steve wouldn't let me out. Is that the loot? Yeah. What I saw on those screams that came out of the state that you had to come help me fuck now. I was just going to ask you about people who have what different bodybuilders jobs were coming up obviously and we know what your job was. So I don't want to say anything, Dave, but they used to be a famous saying to get a head you got to give it. Yeah, I don't know what that is. You lived in Venice, California. You trained in a heyday there where all the bodybuilders were there. Now Grant, a lot of those top pros had contracts and so that was how they supported themselves. But for the bodybuilders, and there were a lot of upcoming guys that were training there who wanted to make it. So to speak, what were guys doing for a living back then? Because when I even got a California in the 90s, I said, you know what, I can't live here. No one works. I said, how am I going to live here? I'm going to be poor. I said, there's no work ethic. What do people do for money there? A side for that. A side for the possible. The gay from paint that was going on. Did people really have jobs? I know Quarmea was a balancer at a club. I'm not sure because these are what I used to wonder because I lucky enough what I first got there and I met Ed, Ed Centford, Ooster, Weider. I was lucky enough to get a contract which got me by. How much did he ask you to question? How much was a contract for Lee Priest when he first arrived? I mean, you didn't do anything. My very first one was like two and a half thousand a month. That was pretty good for a guy who never did anything. I mean, in terms of the AFVV. Why? That wasn't bad because rent was still cheap back then. It was 250 bucks. Yeah, so wasn't bad. It got me by. But I was always one because I see these, you know, and as you get more money eventually, like I was never into the, you know, I tried to say, grow four months twice. I didn't waste money on a lot of money on drugs. I just kept it for mainly bills and shit. There's sometimes you've got to get ready for a show. I would be more could you buying more food and stuff like that. But then I'd see these images come to town and they'll be like, I'm taking all these growth. I'm doing this. I'm doing that. The driving a nice car. I'm thinking, hmm. Something's going on here. I thought some people should be that way out the back. This was, I think this was even before the black man days of the magazines. I used, I knew Steve wasn't finding this. Yeah, I put down on. But yeah, but the people who I say, I did gave a pay, but this is, I can honestly, look, if I did, I tell you, I don't give a shit. Yeah, sadly I did it. Yeah. But this is what, this is what would upset me because I used to think to myself, what's wrong with me. I was like, why did I win it? And I beautiful. And I beautiful enough. And I hate it. Oh, no, never asked you to do gay for pay there. No. Really? I'm very upset by this. I'm on my way. I wonder why the year you seem to be like the quintessential gay from pay, you know, a guy that they would hire. I, I thought so too, but you know, maybe a one white hair, you're, you know, get the big arm. Remember, remember, take Dixon that used to be in God. Oh, Dixon, we always did you go after me, you know? Yeah, it was, you know, Ted was there and he's the date that big personal trainer, Ray. Right. Really big, like, yeah, really big huge guy. Yeah. But Ted would always go, blunt to Ted, I say to me, yeah, sure, and I sky and that, but, you know, you know, you know, it more like a Sunday, I wouldn't fuck you or anything. Ah. Yeah. I like to think what it's guys, though, right? Yeah. And I'm like, what I make sense, I used to say that makes sense because my father's gay, so you're pretty much out like my father's. Ah, you know. But now, never, the only time is the only time I ever got money from a gay guy. You start used to email me and, you know, back in the email days before, I think, I'm not even my space was out yet. If you're like, Lee, can you come and flex your arms for me? If I bring some dumbbells, can you pump them up and pose them? No. Yes, but I like this, he has a like to see your arms. I said, we're going to fucking gym, I train at the gym. You can see, like lots of arms. Oh, now I want to see your aspects. That is this one, I'm very upset. Look, I don't do that type of stuff. Well, blah, blah, blah, I said, go to any gym. So one day I was at religion, which you know when you go to a religion, there's just the regulars, Eddie, Julie, and Xavier, Joe Gold, aren't you? And one day I was his guy, I never recognized before, and as I'm trained the way, when I'm a friend, Mark, I'm looking at this guy and he's sometimes been looking at me. No, no, no, no, no. But just trained the way in at the end, I'm just about to leave and go to the unsteasy. So you start coming down stairs, you're as highly as I say, oh, hi, you guys. I'm such and such, you know the one I said, oh, okay. Yeah, he goes, oh, yeah, he goes, oh, yeah, he was wonderful. He goes, he goes, I got something for you. I'm like, oh, he's got something for me. And he pulls you out of $1,000. And he goes, he's a thousand, he goes, he's a thousand dollars. He's a thousand dollars for letting me watch your train. I said, I didn't let you watch your train. I said, it's a public gym, I said, you know, you can do whatever you go. So I know he take it, take it, I really enjoyed that. So I said, oh, well, if you want to say I'm doing legs tomorrow. I can't. I can't. I can't. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But then he goes, then he goes, where you go? Now I said, I'm just going to fire house, then he goes, can I come? I said, well, if you want, I said, it's a public restaurant, so he came along. We just sat there, we just sat there talking. I found that he's like a businessman, married, has free kids. I think it, oh, I should have done something. I could have blackmailed this month. Yeah, yeah, exactly. See, at least buy him one. So then he brought me as breakfast. He brought me breakfast. And he goes, here's another $350 street with me. Wow. But you know, that's probably something. That's probably something that's definitely something. Because they give you money for doing nothing. And then before you know it, they're asking you to drop your due drawers. Yeah, what it was, fooding, there's the only fooding, $150. Like, got one morning for dinner. But then he did try and write that flag running. Go, it's all. I really like to watch you train again. Could you do it for a smaller fee? Oh, that's half a thousand. You're set the bar. You set the bar. You're set the bar. Yeah. Can't go back there. But I always thought, you know, what I should have done something. And then got photos of it and saying, you know, hey mate. Because I think it, what, it didn't even tell me the company he was with was like, some big law firm. You know, it was married with kids, but he's one of these little closet ones that likes to steal a man. We know of that. Those. Come, come to think of it. It didn't remind me of Steve. I don't think it was. I wasn't Steve because he did have on bacon and eggs. And he doesn't eat bacon or anything. So do you think a lot of guys would do in that back then? Do you think the work with guys that would legitimately work in? No, I think a lot would do in some stuff because they couldn't have been working because I used to train a fee. I'd go and train, I'd hang out. I'd just go past the gym to check the someone and these people would be more to me. So they didn't have a f**k. Now let's say I work in a night doing something, but that would be more to me than you seem down to fire house. You just see him wandering around body alive and all those stores and that's my hanging out in the back of the house. That's my hanging out in the back of the house. That's my sort of old days, something about it. Definitely, but I think a lot of them too, so I'll get it. That was like a big thing. But the gear sales mainly from the German tourists would come over from some way. Some reason the Germans had all the drugs and they would come over. Yeah. Then you'd see make friends of all the pro body builders. They come over in their little rental car two months later. Two months later they're driving the nice fucking Mercedes. They've got a place down on the beach. I had a good German connection back in the day. He used to fly over there with two cases for a start. I don't know how they got away with it. To be honest with you. No, the one because you see me at the car park sometimes at the gollet. They're just open up their trunk and they go to all these drugs in there. It's almost like a fucking garage. Say a lot of these body builders are back in the trunk. It's like, oh, one door's happening over there. They're all looking how to change a speed tie or I don't know the f**k's going on. You know what I thought when I went to the gollet in like the early 90s. I was like a free to even talk about drugs there because it seemed like it was like that was like, you know, the obvious place that had to be under cover, aging's in there. Wouldn't you say? Yeah, probably, but that's the thing because people are like, that's why I get annoyed when I'm on live on Instagram and people say, what drugs you take and what do you think of this cycle? You know, hand on hard. I can only say, when they're let me with me for eight months, whenever once they discuss drugs, by the occasionally see what you're taking because you put on the coffee table, but I never asked him how much you're taking or how often or people and I'll go to the fire house with other pros. We just never discussed it. It was just like, okay, we're not you're taking it, but I don't care what you're taking or how much, but today everyone's so into this, how much you're taking and what do you take and then it's like, right, why is this such a big thing on fucking drugs that's this or end all to be all? It's like, I used to have guys, Lee, I would have guys literally, you know, beg me to go out to dinner lunch. I'll treat you this now because they wanted to do was just pick my brain. You know, secret, I've wanted what the secret cycles were. No, it was serious. They thought there was some kind of magic formula because back in the 90s there was no internet. So you really couldn't research this stuff. So, you know, you could read a book. You could read the bill, Phillips, a wrap out of all the reference guide. No one knew how to play. I mean, I mean, I mean, I never even read any of those books. So I remember you used to get that antibiotic guide that would come out every year. These young kids were not at back the front in the back at head. I think that's tell me all that once fake. You look at the picture or you take one. This is like even when you say, you know, like people, you know, the door is combinations. I said, okay, I tell you what I take. You've done it said what he took and Paul said, what he took. I said, how does that help you? Everyone's different. I could respond great to test and decker. You might not. You might respond to the fucking proof and journal, whatever else. So the only way to really find out what works is the use small amounts in your own body. To see how you feel, how you react. If your strength goes up, if your whole water, I said, just go on a line going, oh, fuck, look at this cycle here. I'm going to try that one. I found Dorian's cycle is for making it like Dorian. You know, just a whole fucking mentality. I just don't get why this helps us test on drugs, but you can't. You can't get that ahead, then you want, I'm going to do my first cycle. I'm going to run some orals with such a such. What orals do you think I should take? I'm like, oh, I'm going to do this. The thing that drives you crazy, the new term I hate this term. I don't know why I just hate it. I'm cruising. I'm cruising on 150 million grams a week. I hate it. I hate that you too. Are you blasting right now or cruising away? I like the blast you in the head with a fucking nine mil. That's the thing that they don't come off. And they're too, when you come off, how long are you off for? Like at least four months. Because the longest they ever took it would be if I died of first show. The show was 12 to 16 weeks. That's when I was on. But then if I didn't ever show for another eight months, I'd come off for four or five six months and just steep like a fucking. But these guys for hours. Well, off for them was like 500 milligrams a week. And I don't get that. It's like, how can you say you're off when you're cruising? Yeah. That's not off. You're cruising for a bruising is what you're going to do. Well, I get asked a lot to about, oh, Lee, what about Clome at this net? And today's stay once I come off a cycle. I've never done any type of Clome or HcG or anything like that. When I'm off, I'm off. No, me towards if I'm dying 16 weeks or in that 14 week mark, I'm starting to come off and now you're on like I'm sick of taking it. I don't want to have a shot, you know, a week out from a show. I've done that before we have a shot in the shoulder. You're doing a shot. Fuck my shoulder. You can't train properly or you've got this fucking lump. You can look like an ED on stage. So I tried to, you know, slowly get off here and give him before the show was there. So I just didn't have those sort of problems where I think it was once. Which female bodybuilder wasn't when she was on stage. Had that big fucking lump. I was like oozing. It was like oozing. I think too. Didn't I risk having a problem on a good once? Have I been Irish one year? Yeah. Yeah. They kind of marked it down for it. I think right on a gluterist of my face? Yeah, I think so. Yeah. Because when you're that lean, if you're having a shot somewhere, you say, She lost. I think the Arnold Plastic because of that. Yeah. I don't get why guys. It's like, you know, the shows, like they think, oh, I've got to be on my cycle. Like how the shows Saturday, I've got to have my shot Thursday. And that's like, you're not going to lose any size from fucking Thursday to Saturday. What? Why you going crazy? It's more psychological probably. It's like you some or else or something, you're going to get that crazy about it. But you have a back there to money thing. Now, I think there's a lot of weed stuff going on in Venice because I didn't see anyone collecting aluminium cans on the street. Otherwise you'd have to fight the homeless for that shit out there. I saw this device be a guy called Skates, a black guy, real funny guy, homeless. But oh, yeah, the funny story is he's the wash your car when you're in the gym for five or ten dollars. He was funny. So, the guy in the parking lot across the diagonal across the street, did he run the, was that the car? But that's what's before the proper car wash come along. I'm so curious to be a guy that had a hose on the bucket and I had a little easier in the back and come right here. People though, realize there was a, like a car detailing, sir. I was in the parking lot of golf. Yeah, the guy that does that now is gym. He's the same as gym. He's the train at world gym and stuff like that. He used to do the car washers there a lot. But before gym, it used to be Skates, just his homeless guy. I think I'll go even credit as always out there, trying to get stuff. But the thing was, Skates was funny because even if you get washing my car or giving five dollars, you know, had a lot of me, then he got the appointment day. I only had was, you know, like a couple of dollars. I think I had like two dollars on my get to me, like, what, two dollars? What are they going to do with two dollars? You know, they give me five. I got fucking hell. But then word used to get that because otherwise, walk to the gym sometimes when I lived on Venice Boulevard. I talked at a homeless, I'd come walking with me to like, oh, you're so cool. You talk to us and half the time, you know, people like our homeless people at this. But, you know, about five that I spoke to were just normal people. They had jobs, had marriages, lost their job, which caused problems in the house that I lost the house. Fight with the wife, got divorced in there on the street. So I always figured, can happen to anybody. So I always treat him with respect. Sometimes you get a few crazy ones that are out there, but hey, I got a fine with them too, Dave. That's true, you know. I spoke, I spoke there, language. But the time, the funny time was when we, when powerhouse gym was opening up the delicious, right now, powerhouse gym on Main Street. Yeah. And I was talking to his homeless guy. So I was having this big finger. I was saying, let me talk to the delicious, because having this big buffet or this food, I said, let me talk to the people that are having the gym when the openings over, there could be a lot of food left over. I'll see if you can have it. So I asked, because that's how I saw so I was starting to get in the gym on the street. And I said, hey, tonight, when it's over, get your friends and come up. So about 10 pm at night when the green opening was almost finishing. I look outside fucking the window of powerhouse there. And there's probably like 20 homeless all along. I was like, oh, really? You've sat in there, right? Like, like a soup kitchen. And all the sudden they come in and they got their clothes and they're getting sandwiches and put sandwiches in there, pockets and they've got them and they've got them broken. And this old lady was, this old lady was over there. And this guy was putting his finger in the dip bowl. He's like, he said to the, he said to the server, hold with the old lady, guys, what's this? He's like, I don't know. I didn't cater this fucking thing. But it was great. You know, it's over to funny people. Then one time this old lady still gets to get her some money. She should always hang out at the front, you decide to order a firehouse there. And one time I came out, I just never knew money. And I had like, I think at half a hand burger left over because I ordered too much food. Yeah. I think it, oh, well, I don't have any. You give us, so I gave it a bag with the food in. Yeah. I've got three feet away. I'm only three feet away all the sudden. Fucking contain it hits me in the back. Oh, she's three. Yeah. I want money, not fucking food. I just want to bite me one by one. That's why, yeah. Well, I wasn't upset that, you know, I'm upset that I would have eaten that. Yeah. Yeah. That way, you threw it at me. I'm pretty good. Fuck. But then your word got out because I used to give money to the homeless. People like I'll leave. Don't give it to the homeless. You're going to spend it on drugs. So alcohol. I'm like, hey, if alcohol is what makes them happy and makes them feel good, who am I to fucking judge him, you know, if you live in on the streets. So I got to the point where because I drive that big hammer everywhere, you know, skate, see that with two people. Well, he's got the hammer. I got the point where, you know, where he's cafe is and that way the stop sign is the place. I could just pull up that. Where it should as I stop. Hey, hey. Are you to leave? Yeah. My mate skate says you give out money. The word. Not me driving around Venice. The little pocketside pocket door on the hammer. I had lots of hives and ones in there. I was like, fuck and just going around here and then I had. I need to get homeless people. That's very funny. What we had to homeless. I now had to homeless got paid day. Yeah, well, you were the, you were the better factor of the evidently. Yeah. Now, a lot of guys train people at gold. There was a lot of trainers there that were presented at Bibles. Other guys who are trainers who competed, who would you say were the most popular guys there? Hmm. No, I don't know if Charles Bus was competing back in the early nine as I think it retired. Yeah. Charles would probably be the most popular. I know I'm, I need list was still competing. I think it is training people. And Carl the brother was training, right? Yeah, it had to be clientele. Was there a lot of training people? Yeah, because they were married. Yeah, they were together. I think those two were doing it. And then there was, I think that's a guy called Zachary Love. If I think he used to train people. Phil Gaulfield Gaulfield train people too. Yeah. Yeah. He's that place on Abbott County. Didn't he? Yeah. Picking this place. I think Will Big Will. Will Harris was, right. Phil training people back down. We've built a Smith down when you were there. Yeah. Yeah. Billy Smith. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That whole place there in gold. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But he was based out of gold. Billy, but he had a lot of clientele. I'm just trying to think of who it. There were, as I said, these supplement dealers from Germany would come over. Before long, they were training people too. I'm sure. He's sure they were. They did the permanent trainer and supplements. Right. Right. But then you just had a few different people like David Luna. He would train people there and it will. You knew it was like an old gymnast type. And now is that guy. Remember that guy who used to train people. He looked like richy canning him. Oh, you was a f***ing boy. He was that guy. He was always there. Always. He was like, almost looked there. Then he could have richy canning. I thought it was. Yeah. I thought it was right. Yeah. Yeah. He looked like a truck between the both of them. Yeah. Well, that's his name. YouPhone. You can tell him they went there later on. Have you flown in the TuMax UN? Yeah. They'd be cool. They would have made one thing. Adam. Mick and her. He was not afterwards. Oh. Joseph. I'd tell him whether they were notkers. Oh. Mr Jordan. He'd keep a separate group. Steve. Are you guys aware of English? Yes. Yes. Alright. Who clear is that? Thinking well. Cool. people there, he's got the glasses. He's always, he's got his own little rack now. It's like they got their own little space, don't come in to my space. This is my power rack. But he's still there. I saw him there. It's funny when I went back like last year. And there was his old lady there. She's from Germany, she remember. Oh my god, Lee, she's like probably in the 80s and she's still there. Oh, she's still there. But there's so many like, it was weird because I'll just walk around the gym. He was like, oh, Lee ever seen for 20 years. And this is so much the bomb. It's the same thing. It's the same thing. There's almost like going on one of the most TV shows. This is your lot. Remember this voice? You've been going to bed. You've got a bad, you've got a bad Francis gym in New York. And I'm telling you, it's the same group of people for the last 30 years. They just got a little older. That's it. Same crew at night. The daytime crew. I'm telling you, it's almost the same exact people. It's crazy. Well, I love that because it's like going back in, there's like, what a memories come flooding back. It's like, bro, the tear to my eye. And then I got there in the early in the morning because Eddie Jolie and he was there and seen Eddie again. Eddie started crying when he saw me. He was really nice. So, you know, because Eddie, I always got on great. And sadly, it was. How was Eddie? Well, he had to be late 70s with Neil. I don't know. And I don't know. I don't think he's there anymore because he's five past away a few years ago. So he moved out to be with his daughter out in the rancher, Kuka Manga. Oh, okay. I still keep in contact with him. But yeah, but just even going in there, seeing everybody, like I said, it's like going back in time, even though everyone's older, I just felt like, you know, if you go on home again and then just sit up on the bike. And it's almost like, you know, when you go somewhere, you haven't been here forever. But when you get back there, it's like you never left everything down. Everything down. Yeah. Everything's to be at older and stuff. But everything sitting up on the bike is almost like I say, like the first time I walked in in 92 and Ken Ken was on the counter and stuff. But it's based on like Ken because maybe Ken, teen in the day, everyone had a number. But he knew everyone's number. Yeah. You see, you're coming. Five, seven, four, two. Yeah. Six, eight, seven, nine. You're in. I think I'm a f**kers, you remember everybody's fucking number. It's just like, does it every day? That's right. It's like, yeah, how many people come in there? Like, hundreds of people, he's just like, nine, nine, seven, one. Yeah. You're eating. That's like, that can do. But then you must have still been on point. And and done the Ripper roster though, is there too? Yeah. You're not always getting tired. I just want to talk and if you get too close, you'll spit out. Yeah. You're always a bit sweet. Yeah. Yeah. You're so excited. You're so excited. It's one of the funniest ones. Because I always talk to the mic, men's a son. I mean, people would see mic towards the lady, easy to always be at the front. We've just been a belly on him and smoking away. I remember coming to the gym, they stand at the front. No, go. Hey, Mike. Lee, come here. I said, yeah. I thought you were going to tell me some words of wisdom. He's like, I've worked it out, Lee. I said, what if you worked there? And he goes, you know, that song, how great thou art? I said, yeah, a third of you goes, that's about half the Jones. How great thou art, half the Jones, half the Jones is God. I'm like, okay, good morning. Isn't it weird how he lost his mind like that? You know, and it's I blame Arnold. Arnold is the one who did it to him. He never seems to 80 Olympics. 80 Olympics. Louis Mike Arnold, completely outside them there and made him lose. You know, he's got a lot of, you know, he's got a lot of funny characters. They're one of the great ones I love talking to with James Coundy active because he love Aussie rules football. So another time I was at that stop sign, the Rose Cafe James Cound sticks. He's heading to window. Hey, you're going lead a Sydney Swanson. I don't follow, but I just pretend I did it. Yeah, that's good. Next thing is car behind me. James Coundy, in the back of the car and goes, what are you fucking going around? He comes and tough guy back in the day, you know. That's the guy goes around. He's like, I just got cold off my James. I love the bad Venice. There was always like real actors there, you know. They did the right. Great. Great. He's like, buddy, building. I always talk to him. He actually come watch the shows because he was dating. I think I got married to him. The greener. Did he get in the greener? I did he really? I think so. And then, what's your, Dennis Hopper was the funniest thing. The gym, it always be up to some sort of crazy stuff. He was a crazy guy anyway. I still don't cause him. He just, sometimes get the pop or artsy that would try to get photos on going in there. Jim, so, I'll hit his, I turn to get a split. He goes, you think they'll notice me today. So he's Dennis Hopper in just black paints, black shoes. He's got the black baseball cap on. Please, big black glasses. That's what you're doing. It's where to be in cognito. And black T shirt on. But he white riding it said, act up. He's an interesting character, Dennis Hopper. I love it. He's a great actor. He was fine. You know, he used to be really cool to talk to was Rucker Howa. He was a, he was a really good. I was. I was. I didn't know he trained there. Yeah, then he went over to Belgium. When I went to Belgium, there was always over there. After that. But then what's his name? I remember when Johnny the Monique was being made with Keanu Reeves. Yeah. Keanu Reeves was coming to the gym and run on the treadmill with that. You know, in the movie, Ed that little briefcase hanged up. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So you'd come and run on the treadmill with the briefcase on his wrist. Like, yes, he was just getting in the roll. That's funny. That's funny. Yeah. Bruce, yeah, was that was there, too? Was it any back of the day? Yeah. When he was Bruce. Yes. He was a boy. Yeah, when he was a boy. Now when he was a girl. And even a lot of the LA makers would come in back then. Magic, right? Yeah. Magic was there. And then remember to use to always be, I think, is might have talked about it once before on that telephone with people would ring up. The telephone would ring it always be someone going muscles. Oh, he got muscles. The payphone and gold, you know, is ring now on answer. But if I was waiting, I'd tell my friend to it. I'm going to answer it. Hello. You got muscles. You're being musul man. This is every day it would ring a couple of times. And if you answered, it was just some freak on the other hand. Coward. Leave most of the kids watching. So like, what's a payphone? We don't even know where to payphone is. It's a thing you'd go up to the wall in the old days. You had to do this. Jenna dialed actually. Yeah. Then it got really high taken. It's like, oh, look at this. And then everyone said, don't talk on the payphone. And they're tapped. Do you remember these to tell you that? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. He's a clicking noise. But this, I don't know who it was. We never knew who it was. But this guy got always ring up. Have you got big muslians? Have big. I think I think secretly it was Luzouk because he used to always ring up people. You ask anybody, anybody who flew Zouk when I was in Australia in 1819. I'd get a call at freeing them all. What are you doing? Fucking sleep. I don't even get a shri I am. Hey, you're looking. Okay. Have big irums. Can you measure? Have big irums. Okay. Who do you like? Eddie Robinson. I like Eddie Robinson. Yeah. You think you can beat Eddie Robinson. But everyone I spoke to that spoke to Luzouk. You said the same shit to him. He called a lot of people there. And he asked, are you asking anybody? It call him off. Just ask these weed questions. I was like, how are you looking? Have big and a mussels? I'm thinking about the fuck's going on here. And the fuck that thing with it. All you guys put up with him because he actually had connections in the American muscle magazine. He actually promoted shows and he was a weirdo. But he was actually connected. So like, yeah, you had to actually deal with him, right? Yeah. Well, he's the one that originally meant to bring me to America. But then he coped out on the air fair and my friend paid for my ticket to get there. And stuff. So his full of shit. So we had a big argument. You know, he was going on well, you're fat. I said, if you see now fat, you are zir with your so-so. Fuck and water. And then I told him, you know, told him out of all the millions of Jews that got killed. I said, I can't believe he wasn't fucking one of them. Oh, my God. You're nasty. Holy, macro. From that point on, he didn't talk to me. And he was like, I wonder why. Well, I think the consensus after I made my question initially was, what did people do there and the answer is not much, not much. They didn't do it. The same shit they do now. Thank you for taking us back to the good old days. And the female body builders say used to just wrestle. Go to hotel room and wrestle. They did. You asked when the body builders were you going. Oh, God, go somewhere. You finally won, we tell you, there's a guy flying in from New York. I've got to go down to the room and they like being, you know, wrestled and they're some mission and shit like that, you know, get their big fires and squashing them between the people. But I don't think people do that anymore these days. Do they? That's not a my business. The underground network is just not there. Now the 10 Dixons, that would have been more, you know? Well, maybe it has started off because women's body buildings not as big now. So, you know, as women's body buildings not as big the clitorious as I'm as big the fad start off. It's not like the old days day when those women would stand over and get that speedball above you. All right, it's getting a little out of hell. All right, I've not known. And that's feedball that we're going to wrap things up on day full on board. Leave praise for another installment of Iron Raage. We'll see you next week. I want to tell you how many times I went down on the girl and I got my eye pooped out. That's not an eye business.