Day of the level here with an RX Muscle Supplement and Science Education as I like to call it. A lot of people out there have contacted me recently, you know, we see a lot of people going down with heart attacks and blockages of the coronary arteries. I just, we had Guy Grundy on the show last week with Lee Priest and he was saying, you know, you had a heart attack over the course of five days. You had blockages in two of his coronary arteries. You know, this is something that has nothing to do a lot of times with body building or body building, you know, gear or the lifestyle. A lot of times it just happens to do with bad genetics, you know, you have a family predisposition to have high LDL cholesterol carriers to have blockages in the coronary arteries to lay down, calcium deposits. Is there anything we can do about it? That's the question I get asked. How do I come back this? What do I do? A lot of people just come back to me, hey, you know, I got blood work done. I have very high LDLs, which is the bad cholesterol carriers, LDL cholesterol carriers are the ones that kind of traverse and travel through the body and just drop off gunk in the blood vessel walls. And we don't want high levels of LDL. The HDL cholesterol carriers are the good ones. I don't like the vacuum cleaners that kind of go around and suck up all the stuff that's kind of laying around. The, you know, for most body bulls who's gear, however, they're HDLs are suppressed. So that means the clean up crew is not so great. But if your LDLs, okay, the bad cholesterol is not high, then those suppressed HDLs don't really matter as much. But some people have a family predisposition for high LDL. And usually high LDLs is parallel to a correlated with higher degrees or higher likelihood of blockages in the coronary arteries. So what can we do for this? Number one, you know, obviously I've been advocating essential fatty acids. You know, there's two, there's basically two families of these essential fatty acids. And they fall under the, I guess, the umbrella of a polyunsaturated fatty acids. Of the polyunsaturated fatty acids we have omega-3s and omega-6s. The balance of these two is really important because predominantly the omega-6s specifically are raccoon on a guess that are the inflammatory, uh, essential fatty acids. And then the non, or the anti-inflammatory fatty acids are usually the omega-3s. And so when you have the perfect one to one ratio or balance them, they kind of neutralize each other and you don't have excessive inflammation in the body. You do need some inflammation, especially for body-building purposes, the build muscle. So you don't want to have two little inflammation either. So that's why you want these things balanced. Interestingly, now they have actually blood work you can go for it, which can actually tell you your omega-3 to omega-6 ratio. I haven't had that done yet. I should go get it done just at a curiosity. However, so I've been a very big advocate of taking, you know, essential fatty acids. We have a product called the Mangle-ized from species nutrition, which is, you know, three grams of fish oil, which is very high in the omega-3 intermediates EPA and DHA, which are the two essential fatty acids in that family that actually reduce inflammation and do all the good stuff. And then of course you have your omega-6 fats here coming from evening primrose oil, which is a great source of GLA or gamma-1Aic acid. And that is one of the really good omega-6 fats. It actually has an anti-inflammatory effect as well. Now the other omega-6 intermediate, which is known as a rack and an anacastate is the problem of the flameter. That's the one that causes inflammation, which in excess of amounts is not good. If it overshadows the anti-inflammatory, you know, a central fatty acid of the body. But it is good if you're trying to build muscle. So you want to have, you don't want to have no arachidonic acid in your body. It's an essential fat, but most of us get a lot of it. If you eat chicken, red meat, you probably get our whole eggs. You get an arachidonic acid in your diet. For people who are maybe like fish eating, you know, I wouldn't call them the cherry, I guess you can call them pescatarians. They only eat fish. They don't eat red meat or they don't eat chicken. But they eat fish and egg whites and weight protein. They probably don't have enough arachidonic acid. So there's a balance. But I don't put arachidonic acid in this formula because most of us get enough of it. What we want to do is get those anti-inflammatory fatty acids into the diet. And so that's really important. When we talk about the omega-3 intermediates that are found in that omega-3 family, EPA and DHA being the two important ones, they found recently through a lot of studies and on different groups of people that pure EPA oil, just use the EPA, nothing else, can actually have a coronary artery opening or clot reducing effect. Meaning it can actually act like drain out and clear out those coronary arteries. So of course the drug companies had a jump on top of that and they have a prescription form of pure EPA oil. Okay, that you can get. It's super expensive. If you have severe blockages in your coronary arteries and it's documented by a cardiologist, a lot of times your insurance will cover that. But for most of us, that's not the case. But you can go and there's a company known as Omega VIA. And I talked about this before. Omega VIA makes an over the count of pure EPA oil. They're in 500 milligram capsules. You need to take four of those a day, 2,000 milligrams a day to get this artery clearing effect. Now if you don't have any blockages in your coronary arteries, you don't need to do that. So a lot of the doctors, the cardiologists have been writing prescriptions for this pure EPA and or recommending if these guys even know to take this. However, you never want to throw the balance of the EPA and DHA component of Omega 3's off either. So it's kind of misinformation in the sense that a lot of the drug companies are sending to us and that these cardiologists are sending to only take the EPA oil if you want to improve your health and well-being. Because while the EPA can still clear out these vessels supposedly according to the research, you still need the DHA DHA component for your eye health and for your brain health. Remember, the brain is made up of a lot of fat. That's what conducts all the impulses. So a central phase is very important to brain development, to brain healing, to brain renewal and regeneration. So you don't want to limit these essential fatty acids. It's not dimension as far as muscle gains go. These essential fatty acids are components that are made up of will the cell membranes that surround the muscle cells. So when you break down muscle tissue, while most of the muscle cell is made up of protein, which is why we need to have a protein, the outer portion of the cell membranes are made up of essential fatty acids as well as some saturated fats. So you need to take in fats to help optimally repair these memories. And that's why I'm a big advocate of fats and always have been bodybuilding terms. Only recently have I really focused on the health aspects of these essential fatty acids because obviously as I'm getting older as a bodybuilder, we need to consider that as well. We don't want to actually be unhealthy individuals. So these essential fats serve a dual purpose muscle repair. Okay. Production of these, what we call, prostate glands, okay, which are basically the intermediates that are produced from the EPA, DHA, GLA, and the Racket Nonagastid. And obviously the ability also to keep our heart healthy. And if you have a problem and you have a blockage to clear that out. Now, how do you know you have a blockage in your coronary arteries, other than having a heart attack or you know having pain in your chest? Well, we've talked about this before too. You can go now rather than be old way. They had a stick of catheter up your, you know, three you're growing and threaded up through your vessels and go check your heart out that was called an angiogram with now that can give you what's called the cardiac CT scan. They literally, you know, something they put a little die into an IV for like two seconds. And then they take an image using a CAT scan machine and they can actually visualize the coronary arteries. How open they are if there are blockages there, if you have anything to worry about. It's a good idea to get that done if you're over 35 years of age. Or maybe younger if you have a history of heart disease in your family. Just to know. And then I recommend people get it done every five years just to see how your your your coronary arteries are looking. I have, you know, other problems but I have no blockages in my coronary arteries, no calcium buildup. And I'm lucky because my dad had, you know, a triple bypass when he was in his, you know, in his 70s. But he also smoked his whole life, you know, and that doesn't help. That obviously increases the risk of that. He didn't eat well, you know, for most of his life. And, you know, diet is huge. So you, you don't have to be a victim of your genetics. If you eat right, if you take the right essential fatty acids. Okay. And if you do have a, a, a, a, a, a, a some blockage of the beginning of a blockage. Start taking that EPA oil at 2000 milligrams per day from a male, male, mega, via and just stay on it. But the take home messages don't neglect the full spectrum of essential fatty acids as well because they're necessary for brain, eyes and other and muscle repair as well. So you could take your, your omega lies, you know, your three pills twice a day to get your three grams of fish oil, 2600 milligrams of evening per muzzle oil, which is those mega sixes. And then you can also take the pure EPA oil. If you need it to help with the blockages or any kind of potential blockages in those carneroarages. This is, this is easy stuff guys. You know, I explained a lot of science here, but the take home message if you didn't want to listen to any of it, you didn't understand it and it doesn't matter. Take your essential fatty acids. If you have a family history or predisposition for blockages or you have some blockages, take your EPA oil on top of this. I guess why you're good to go. You can, you can, you know, relax. Now, if you eat, you know, foods that are high in good, essentially, that's like wild caught salmon or grass that be for omega three eggs, that's even better. You know, if you eat nothing that has good essential fatty acids in it, because you don't, doesn't just foods you don't like or you don't have access to them or two expensive, whatever the case may be, then you might even want to take a little bit more of these essential fats, just to ensure you have enough, especially if you're a big guy or a train real hard, and you want to make, because you think about it also. If your body thinks that it's devoid or it's not getting in enough of these essential fatty acids, and remember your body can't make these essential fats. That's why they call the central. You have to consume them. If your body's not getting enough of these, and you're trying to burn fat, getting ready for a competition, something like that, your body is, is, is, first priority is not to let go of body fat. It's going to think it's going to affect the price state. Even though you may be eating enough of the other fats coming from red meats and chicken, something like that, but if you're not getting the essential fatty acids, your body will hoard fat, and fight you, and that sometimes is a reason, at least I see it in women a lot, why they have trouble getting their lower bodies lean enough, because they're not taking in enough essential fatty acids, and because women have the hormone estrogens in the variety, that makes it even harder, because the estrogen wants to hoard fat too. So you never want your body to think it's deficient in anything, or sense that it's deficient in anything, because then what it does is it fights you. And if it's fighting you, it's going to make it hard if you achieve the look that you want. It just makes sense, right? I mean, if you don't eat any salt, okay, ever, okay, and then you eat salt, what you're about to do, it's going to hoard salt, because it thinks it's not getting enough of it, and it senses as a deficiency. But if you eat salt all the time in your diet, okay, there's no rise in al dastron, there's no propensity for your body to hold sodium, so now if you eat some salt, you're not going to over-sighten you have bloated the next day from it because your body's used to it. So same thing with fatty acids, your essential fatty acid, okay, content of your body, is something that your body is constantly monitoring. And if you neglect this, okay, and it's so easy just to take a supplement of this stuff, it's going to have negative ramifications on your body building goals. I promise you that. And your annual long-term health. So make sure you go get checked. If you want to add to your blood work, you know, I might add this to my blood work check because I always give a list out. If you guys are interested in the blood work, I suggest or recommend that people get you can shoot me an email at huge285adayawall.com. I'm more than happy to send you the list. I think I might add the omega-3, you know, index or and also the omega-3 to omega-6 ratios so that you guys can see actually when you get blood work, what your status is and you can see if you're actually deficient in these things or if your balance is off. Most people's balance is way off. That's why it's important to take an essential fatty acid supplement. All right, I hope this helped. If you guys have any questions, put them in the comments below and I will try to address it on the next topic. I'm Dave Palombo with an RX muscle supplement in science review.