Welcome back to our ax muscle update. Today we have a very special edition because this is a contest season. We have the North American championships coming up this weekend. It's one of the biggest events on the calendar year. It's always been one of the most exciting ones because it's not only do we have open men, masters. We have a lot of pro cards up for grabs and this has been a show notoriously. It's been a four-day show. If you can believe it, I think it's the longest show in all of NPC history in terms of how long it goes. The only promoter that I know that could probably pull something like that off would be a good friend Gary. He's here to join us tonight. Gary, welcome to the show. Hey Dave. Good to see you. Oh my god. Gary, I had to get you on because you know what? I just had Tony Darnion last week and we were talking about some of the challenges of promoting a show in 2020. And you know, I set to myself, Gary has got to be bang in his head against the wall and losing his mind because I know how difficult it is for you guys to promote a show just a regular show. You hold the biggest show in the history of bodybuilding that we've done. Four days you hold it over. It's normally at the Sharon Station Square right in the Pittsburgh there. It's a beautiful venue. It's so easy to do there, but you know, you spread it out. The competitors love it. It's a great time. And you have had the rug pulled out some of you on this 2020. I don't know how you pulled this off. Tell me what it took to make the North American championships work just coming when you're getting God willing it happens, obviously. Yeah, that's well, well, put especially with what happened yesterday. But you know, I got to tie everything's real very relative. And then one could have predicted this stuff. And there's a whole lot of you guys in a worse position in me. They had the cancel so shows. They couldn't put them back on the July show. We had the rescheduled for October. And this one here was coming up. And I'll be honest, I, our, our governor set the numbers at 25 people inside. About five weeks ago, I'm like, kid, you've, they've. Well, what happened? Because originally, I mean, you changed the venue originally. Well, was it there's a problem with the Sharon Station? They don't want you to hold it. They're going through a purchase. So they weren't going to open. And there was questions about when they would open. I was to mention, you know, how it is, they, I'm. I heard a guy in the radio that a day describing what exactly it takes to open a business. I think these circumstances. Costsly in and of itself, plus they have to have enough business on the books to make sense. And they've been closed all year or so. Oh, I didn't even know that. We, you know, we kind of, they've been great to work with. And they said, look, we're not going to be open in time for July. And then it's the intern for September. And they're totally moved over to the window, which is a nice facility. You had to nail on the head when you said it's so easy over there. Oh, I love the new facility. You know, how it is, first time for any things is a trip. So, um, it's pen and education for sure. So what is the wind them do? They call you up and say, but sorry, you can't have it here either. No, what happened was the governor set the numbers inside at 25. Okay, so how many people can be in there at a time, which is basically your staff basically. Yeah, yeah, he said it in 25 instead of 250. And, um, at that point, I remember waking up for a whole gym. I said, I don't put just thing outside somehow. Right. So you never thought I'm going to cancel you said I'm going to make this happen. No, no, no, there are the poor people being hit right. He says, I know. I'm helping a lot of people get right. I know, believe me, they're dying. Yeah, and I knew that they're, you know, there's a lot of guys doing the same thing. I'm doing it. They're finding a way around. Helps Steve move down to a Tampa, I think. You're a little bit too much. And that Tim's moving the Chicago contest. So everybody's tapped in to the round this. Yeah. So he said, how you going to do this, I said, I have no idea. So I went in search of first a parking lot. I wanted to get something close to the window. Right. And start talking to my stage guys about a chance. And how do you read the parking lot, though, Gary? Like, what are you talking to? We're in the parking lot. That's what I like to know. Dave, like yourself, you know, up for you live. You know everybody. So I put the word out to everybody. So listen, I need a flat parking lot right now. And sure enough, the valet guy goes right across the street. We notice guy and turned out I wasn't thinking, but a good friend of ours has a parking lot there. And one block away four minute walk from the window. So then we started the development of the the 10th situation, which was it has been an education also. I can imagine. So it's been a trip. And then yesterday, how big of a hole? How big of a tent do you need to the hole this thing? I went with 100 by 70. I think 10. Nearly nearly as big as the share it's involved. They air condition. I think he or is it not air condition? No, we have the sides up to create ventilation. Right. And then we have lots of industrial fans. They're actually, I was amazed. I'll quiet there. Right. And we recreated the ballroom in the tents. Okay. And you know, athletes don't do well with change. Now that's like what you said about the share it's an I was there since 93. And they don't do well with that. So when we mentioned there would be a tense. We've gone through every question about. Well, the athlete, bikini grows on my buddy trains. So athletes and they said, I'm going to play a cow under that tent light. Right. And they'll say, what exactly lights do you think he's going to use? He always bring the ones from the ballroom. And I can't, someone actually asked if I would consider having a cover over the stage. Oh, it's good. Just in case it rains. Yeah. Yeah. I got that coverage. So yeah. Yeah. What did they think they knew we're going to have it to open air? Well, I, I, I had, she texted me and I just had to call. And I sent you a, do I actually think? Yeah. My expirators have been up there with the umbrella. I mean, what were you thinking? Yeah. No, no, no. I didn't think so. I go, when you ask me, I make you expect it. Right. And we have the advice. We have a system to get people from the wind to the tents. Mm-hmm. If, in case it rains. So we've got to read every detail. Now, what, now, what, um, how many people can you keep in this tent? Is there any, like, restrictions on that? Well, there is, as of yesterday, thank you Dave. Yeah. I think that that, well, add a little bit more challenge to it. Before yesterday, we were at a point where we could do 250. Okay. And, and an outdoor facility. And then, sure, you know, people have been asking me all along. Is this contest actually going to run after, you know, after they've all been canceled? And I said, uh, well, it is until some political guy, right. It's nice, not. And, um, sure enough yesterday at noon, they had their Friday meeting with the state capital. And they decided that 100 people was all they'd give us outside. So, um, that changed it because once you get two classes of athletes, ex-fordators, judges, scores, photographers, you eat up 100. So that took away an audience and vendors. I had to contact every vendor and say, hey, I'm sorry that we can't accommodate you. I wish I could have you here. But, uh, so it's going to be athletes, um, much like today. And we were in three ports today. Right. And Superman had the same situation. So it was Superman, what? Yeah. Judges and athletes. Wow. You know, it's funny, Gary, because people, here's where we're looking at the picture of the tent. You have on your Instagram. So we know what the funny, I was with the owner of the company last week. Laying out where to put this tent. Yeah. And I go, I go, I go, so what the hell's this thing look like anyway? He's, he popped out of a picture. So I told him I had no idea. Oh, that's funny. Well, there's your picture there for people, man. I don't know. I envision the circus tent. Yeah. That's what it might have been funny here for was a certain effect. Yeah. Yeah. It's funny. I see people commenting on like your posts and when you're updating people and telling them, like, hey, you know, sorry guys, you know, there's no, there's no audience. You can't, there's no audience people allowed. And there's no backstage passes and all this stuff because we have a limited amount of people. And people are writing responses. As if you don't want to sell tickets to the show. I'm thinking, don't you think Gary wants to sell a million tickets and make a ton of money and sell backstage passes and make money? He's not doing this because he's trying to like victimize you guys. He's trying to make the show happen. That's when I really felt, felt my heart went out to you. I'm going to be thinking, I can't believe these people are so stupid. I get a tell you though. I don't blame them. There's been a tough year. And Jim and Tyler from day one have been pushing everyone to do their best to run their show because the athletes deserve it, frankly. And I mean, there's a bunch of guys out there that have been, they walk in the door to their show knowing, well, they're not going to make a dime. So at least I've got a number of athletes. So what we're losing on vendors and seating doesn't hurt as much as it would have otherwise. Sure. Sure. What's the difference in price between reflecting a venue and a tenth of the parking? Well, I can't define that exactly what the hell one of these can't see. What is the, because you need a for four days to it. Now you need to do it for one day. Yeah. Well, I don't know how that works relatively the days because I think I think. I think these companies aren't doing that much business anyway because right now it's speaking to the owner. He wrote a thousand orders this year and canceled 900. Oh, right. Wettings went south parties went south. Yeah. So, but you start, yeah, those, these tents. They cost so few bucks. There's no question. I know, but I believe me. I can imagine. Yeah, and then, but, you know, it's going to be good to go and I feel, I felt terrible for the family. So it can't come. Right. Working hard now on trying to figure out live streaming. I got some issues with Wi-Fi over there. But, yeah, I was going to ask you that outside of public camping to great. It's a little difficult. But folks who never wait more than I do. I mean, I was trying to figure that out. So I'm hopeful about that. But, there would be nice, I guess, if it was live stream. So at least people like can watch it. I mean, that would be a great, I mean, you don't have to do that. I mean, as a promoter, I mean, that would just be you saying, hey, I want to show you guys that, you know, I'm trying my best year. I love to have them because a lot of the athletes rely on family and coaches. Sure. They come in. So I want to find a way that we can do live streaming so they can at least watch it and support it in some fashion. You know, the other, and the other some logistics stuff to tell you the truth. If there's been a challenge to spend the logistics of getting people in the tent at the right time. Right. But control the flow because some people once they finish. We're not going to have your typical pre judging at eight and finals at six. You're going to trade for it, right? Pardon me. You're going straight through pre judging finals boom boom, right? Well, two classes at a time like class A will do pre judging. Then class B will do pre judging. Then A does finals. Got it. And they're going towards B does the same and they're gone. So my goal is that anyone's in that tent for an hour and they don't come back. So. Alright, well, that's good. So you're, I mean, it's going to be a long day, but you're done. Yeah, you don't have to hang around. Yeah. There are already requesting it for future events, whether we have a tent or anything. Just a much idea. Yeah. Yeah. The higher up so make that decision. It's a long day. I think people because it's a long day, but you know, the way you spread it out over four days, however, it's really not as bad as it used to be. I mean, I've been there with you when we did it in two days. I mean, and it was like, I mean, two in the morning we were out of there. You know, it was like, it was like, jam and ice sitting in the press pit. Like, and that was it. There was no one around. It was everyone couldn't, they couldn't handle them anymore. It was just so late. And you're doing the men's body building open or whatever. Master's like 40 and over overall. And there's like, there's like 20 people in the place, but it was like, crazy excitement because everyone's, you know, once a pro car, you know. Yeah. And the question. Well, I look at, glad you guys said, I'm making it happen because, you know, it's important. I mean, because think about the, you know, the loss of pro car ability that we have this year, I mean, there's this going to be less pros, you know, this year because of the fact that we can't hold these shows. No question. And and and truthfully, the fact that people've been getting ready and somehow. I mean, I'm, you guys, clients, how have they continued to get ready to miracle all this time? It's miracle, because they just keep dieting. I feel bad for them. I've been giving them like breaks and then we were like, I, and I, and I've been telling everyone. And this is not because I'm standing here. And like there's no doubt in my mind that Gary will have this North America. There's no way it's getting canceled. And like, yeah, but all the other shows, and I trust me. Gary will have this happen. Well, if anyone could do it. We had the benefit of the weather and this tent thing to get outside. But yeah, the curious thing to me has been how the hell you have your clients. Keep going and not for nothing. They're mental fortitude to make it happen when things keep going south. I mean, it's got to be done. I think a lot, I, I talked to someone one the other day actually. Who talks to a lot of athletes. And a lot of them are, are heading for these events now because they're afraid of a second wave. Sure. So it's on folks mind, there are anxious to compete. Tyler, Tyler had it right. I called it wrong. I thought we have a very small, manageable event here. And how many you got? Probably 1400. You can see you got more. You got more people than you normally do. It's crazy. I hope because you're picking up the slack from the masters' nationals that didn't happen. One other question and from all of them, you know, the USA and everybody. And, but I think this is going to continue through the fall. Yeah. People, I've seen it today. It's amazing how much people miss this. Gary, you got to remember also, you know, these these people, not only of them, and dieting, a lot of them had no gyms to train at. Look at, look at Steve up in New York, his gym just opened. I mean, it hadn't been open for months. I'll tell you truth, we're so fortunate that we had access to a gym at home. But I don't know how those people accomplished it, even on a mentally, because of how much it means to us to work out with that blood flow. So they have to respect that. Yeah, of course. I mean, yeah, I know. This is a bit of a survey. These folks are ready. They don't touch a good job. No, I really, I know you have a great crew over there too. And like you said, a lot, thank God, you know everyone in Pittsburgh, you and Jim. I think Jim, she just run for government. Then we were moving to had a problem. Yeah, if you were the governor. For least mayor of Pittsburgh. Yeah, absolutely. He would have been like, Gary, we grant you a, the auditorium on that. No, what, are you worried about the whole COVID thing? I mean, what do you guys have in place in terms of in a show of that magnitude to live in exposure? I mean, there's COVID rules, but you know, Jim was pushing us to exceed those. So that every where he'd go in the hotel for check-ins, everything, temperatures, masks. We got people controlling the number of people in check-ins. Social distancing at his best. Just at every turn. And even then come over towards the, come over to the tent. Temperatures again. Right. Matsx in place because someone, but I've seen it these advances that there's some haters out there. Obviously. Of course. And I've already told my guys that go to expect someone to come and try to show us now. Okay. It's going to happen. However, I welcome it because we're going to have our numbers in place and the correct things. And I've got somebody there with a counter. And I'll say, how, help yourself take a good look. We have it covered. So, I mean, even with permits. You get a tent. You get a tent permit, Dave. Right. And with generators to run the electricity. Any permit. I forgot about that. That's right. Electricity. You can go in the macro. What kind of generators do you have to buy to rent to that? Really big ones. Freak. What do they run off gasoline? What if they run out of gasoline? Has that work? Well, the lighting company I use has been doing this for 35 years. So, when I call a Jennifer up and I say, hey, here's what my need. She goes, how we do these things on the middle of a field sometime. Oh, wow. And the generators actually roll to the quiet. So, yeah, if I can, if I keep my fingers crossed about the weather, that would be a black and control when that's not my look, Jim Mania can't control. Hey, you. I look, I, I, I pray for you, but there's no, there's no rain. And, well, what was your, what's your turn out like for the, the pro masters of it you're doing? Well, we got 110 right now. I don't know. And I've had a hope that people continue to eventually, at some point, we had to shut down the online registration to collect our paperwork. Right. Keep the constantly. Hey, can I come in? I said, yeah, sure. We have them collected by their community, I have our pre-fueled math trying to kind of care of our athletes and so can they do things like that. We have to get those are new exercises for the community. I've worked at a program for this university. Wow, that's smart. Yeah, because I can imagine. I mean, look, let's face it. It's costing you an enormous amount of money put the event on, but you're also making an enormous amount of money because there's so many entries. So if you have to refund that would be insane. That's, this way, they don't have any money out of their pocket. And that way, if they can't come to the event, no much, no fuss, you know, it's talk good to go and that they kept saying, well, change is, change is partial folks. That's the biggest thing in routine. And they would, they say, well, if I register and don't pay to I get there, what happens if I don't come? Do I still have to pay? That's the best one. I'm sending people to your house. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, what do you get is there right? I get a collection money. So I think the funny thing is with bodybuilders, they all show up. That's the one of the, you know, I talked to Tony, Dario and Tony actually was, you know, very blunt with me and said, you know, I almost, I almost went out of this, I just went bankrupt, you know, because of this, this, this season. I mean, if this, if this North American didn't go off, and would that have been a big financial hit for you? Well, Dave, luckily my passion other than this is part. Right. So if I didn't have made already, I've already started to sell them off. You got to do it. Really? Wow. Because I have worked all year and it doesn't grow in trees. Now I know it's people don't realize that it's, everyone's been hit hard. How many cars did you have? I didn't know you collected cars. Well, yeah, you know, it's a sickness for probably. Yeah, I believe me. I know I got a bunch of collections myself. Yeah, the duty of it is that in times like this, you can sell them. Yeah. There'll always be more on eBay later. Right. Right. What kind of cars do you collect? Oh, geez. I'm a Cadillac freak. So I go over nice. So 64. Yeah. Yeah. I love those long loaves, you know, and did you read like redo them and everything like that? Well, I have one that got redone. The other one I bought it on eBay in perfect shape. Oh, wow. They shipped it on home run. But really cool. Yeah. So that's kind of been a good thing for me. I feel bad for a lot of guys who don't have something like that to do that. Right. Right. But to shave you had to even do that though. I mean, that I mean, that's what the hell wants to do that. You're at the point in your life when you're doing well, you know, you're promoting shows every year. It pays the bills and you're offered to worry about anything. I mean, it's pretty, it's pretty much a guaranteed thing except when there's a pandemic that hits the world. Who the hell expected that right? None of us did and put some people in some pretty jammed-up situations. Yeah. You know, not to mention what it does to folks mentally. I mean, when got the other day was talking about on the radio, the man forgets a pandemic here. You've got to take a look at the side effects. You start to take away people's jobs and they can't pay their rent. It's a mess. So I choose to be worth fortunate. Yeah. I mean, you went through personally tragedy in your life. I don't know if you want to talk about that. But I mean, that had to be, this is a hard year. I don't know. I choose to be on mine because maybe it'll wick somebody up. You want to tell us what happened? Yeah. My ex was involved as a drug addict for about 10 years. I ten year rollercoaster ride. And then her daughter also, my step daughter, gotten involved. And so we lost my ex last July, Dorian Masters Nationals. Was this the picture of him? And it sure is. So it was the first day of the Masters Nationals. I got a call that my daughter found her mother. But I've fortunately, you know, they were using together. Wow. The body system. I don't know if you're familiar with that. No. Yeah. People used together. And that way if one has a situation, you're the one can save them with that Narcan. And unfortunately, her mom passed away last year. And then we lost Katie two months ago. And then it's a hell of a thing. But it's discouraging there. It's not going away, Dave. And like you and I were texting earlier. The challenge at this point is protecting your kids and my grandson. Right. And so that that day's going to come when someone's going to offer them something. And they've got to say no. The challenge is to drive that home that they will save no. Because man, man, you know, when I was a kid. I remember that on the streets where I lived, there was heroin. However, it's not the heroin in what exists these days. Yeah. And I've lost a few friends. You know, too, it is well. And it's not it. People think of the heroin as a drug of like, you know, like, Darrelick's or like, you know, low lives. It's a drug. It's hitting everyone, including the upper class, you know. Well, it's cheap. And it's extremely, a dick thing now. But you know, losing the two of them has put it everything and perspective. Because we talked earlier about the high stress of this event. I got to tell you truth. This is stressful. Right. I started to find folks passing away on you. And in my grandson's upset by these only six years old. Right. That's what the real anger comes from. But so things being relative. This is pretty easy stuff. Worried about a tent was that grandson is was that his mother to die? No, no, he's mom was good to go and clean. Okay. She's the light of our life and she's fantastic. But unfortunately her. Her sit. It was her sister. Her sister. So it's really tough on her because she lost her mom and sister. Right. And she's like, it's tough on my grandson. Said lot for a six year old to take in. How old are your kids today? My daughter just turned one today. Amazingly. And I've been older than dad. But I have a five, a four year old. And my daughter's, the daughter's two years. So, you know, I think about these things. I see this happening. I'm like, oh my gosh. Right now I have complete control of my kids. Because they're too young. But once they start going out and seeing other people. And then you don't know where they are. They're doing. Yeah. No. And that's how. You know, it's almost like the journey has to start soon. On. How to educate them on that. And it's only going to get worse. I know one thing is not going away. No. No. Drugs are out there. And we're not keeping people away. And it might be worse now because he said, There's a lot of depression because people can't do anything. Yeah. But it's awful when you, you know, people are such. They need routine. And suddenly they lose their job. Yeah. Or they can't go to the gym. And they can't pay bills. And the next thing. You know, depression just ramps. And they turn to something else. So it certainly puts everything in the perspective for all of us. But even all these people that we're not able to train and exercise. And it's really cool. I mean, that's the foundation for you and I for ourself and well being is working out. So look at what happened to Luke Sandow. I mean, I mean, that's that right there. That's that's the post a child for what's going on here. I mean, I truly believe he'd be with us. Still if there wasn't a whole COVID quarantine. Yeah. And you know, I guess the main thing of taught me was you never know what's going on in somebody's life. Yep. You never know it's a hell with things. He was such a sweet guy. No, I know. Did I never anyone say a bad word about him? No, he was a season to be around. We used to gravitate to him. And all the shows. He was a funny guy. That's why I can. I was like, yeah. So Gary, just to change gears now. I mean, which is a whole COVID thing. I mean, you obviously are plugged in with your man. We're going to be right there in Pittsburgh. What are we looking at if you Olympia you think at this point? I mean, are we going to see enough qualifiers before that? Are they going to give out special invites? You think what do you think is going to happen for the Olympia in terms of the quality of competitors on stage? Yeah. But I don't, I certainly don't know anything. Anyone else doesn't know. But knowing Jake would. Yeah. I see him as a guy who's committed to run that thing. No matter what. That's the image I see that's there. He got a real passion for this thing. And if there was ever anyone who should be the owner of that. He's shit. You got to have a fan who actually has money and is the owner of something. That's like Joe Weeder. It's like, you know the thing is going off. Yeah. You really do. And he is. He's just watch what he's done. And he keeps finding ways. And he's the mainer appears to be one that. You got to let it roll off you and we'll move on and find another way. Right. So I personally think it's going to happen. No matter what, even if that means no crowd. Right. I think I think I'm I wanted to impress you. He would he would do that just from my rare conversations with him. The kind of guy he is. Yeah. And yeah. And I think so. And as a promoter Gary, you know what kind of a financial hit that would be to run the Olympia without sponsors and without without a crowd because we get they got to give some serious prize money away and there's no application fees, you know, to pay the bills. Yeah. No question. So I don't know what you think. Let's talk for a minute about the women's body going. Yeah. And and relative to Jake wood because in my mind. When he bought that thing. I started to put the word out in my zone at minute landing zone that female athletes should take a good hard look at women's bodybuilding. That's a possibility. As a possibility because. And we talked to some girls today as an example here at the in tree port. We're hanging out in Andy Bartoliget Bartoliget for grab something. And I was so glad the one girl came over because. She's dead women's physique. But in my mind, she should be doing bodybuilding. Right. She got some a lot of muscle and sure enough we suggested it. She was horrified. I was you people are horrified because we because you know what happened. They created a stigma on bodybuilding as though it's like something that you shouldn't do. It's dirty or something like that, you know. Well, they get the impression that they have to be so big. And and that's I'm be honest with you. I had a conversation. I was in Arizona for two weeks in March. And I've worked with them and I that's when I got to get together with Jake. Right. And we got talking about about the sports and. You know, no one wants people people want marketable women's bodybuilding. Right. And the job blonde. Can you picture? Jo Blondon. She did. She could definitely cross over. Well, she did. As a matter of fact, year or two ago, we were on Toronto. And I remember type Tyler and I were getting ready for this. Contest and we were talking about what they had to do with women's body building and women's physique and how we judge it. What direction to go in. And Tyler had said what we need to go with a sleeper looking women's physique. So Jill had chosen women's physique that day and she was too big. She was too dense. She did not do well. Maybe six, seven. Right. There's a herna trainer came over afterwards. She was what do you think I need to do? I got go to bodybuilding. Her trainer's like, what did I tell you? She goes, oh my god, no, I go listen to me. You don't have to be super duper big. I said you have no super duper big girls anymore. Okay, you have a great look. She was attractive. Be tapered. And I think six weeks later she went to Chicago in one. Oh, that's right. You're on. But just there was a girl today. J. The Beverly. I believe her name is from Columbus. And she stopped over. And she's what do you think? I said, Chief, I think you should consider it because not only is it. There's a correct look and I think Tyler's got that nail down. So they're all we have to do is educate our judges. But I think because of Jake, women's bodybuilding is going to get a lot of great exposure. And I'm sure he's going to, I know Jake, you know he's going to put up a lot of prize money for that. For sure. And so what I've done in my zone in the NPC is I put it out there. If you do women's physique, you get a free entry to women's bodybuilding. That's right. So I'm going to tell them, look, crossover. Right. You're going to find out that there's no horrible stigma. There's a great look. Someone like Jill or Teresa Ivansica or these girls that get great looks. Why not? Well, my whole thing is why don't they just combine it already? Why don't they just call women's physique and just make the title, Miss Olympia? Wouldn't that solve all the problems? Well, I guess ideally there should be two distinct body types for that. But it there isn't right now. I mean, unless you guys start as judges start really, you know, hammering at home, you know? Well, before and I'm going to tell you, I'm dragging this kid all the time. The fourth dollar came along. And it worked and really hard on criteria. Right. I remember we're one of the big shows that might have been USA. I looked up and I said, down the table, I said, you know, any of the things we don't support women's body voting. They're in the art right there. The book is the Z-girls. They're giant. There you are. But, um, and they're ripped too. We just have to draw a line to the sand and keep working with our judges to do the right thing. And, um, and they can both be good divisions. But, but do you think they'd even want? And do you think there's enough people that you need to division to this point? Why would my not just make it one division? Well, I have, you know, um, at some point as conversation should probably stop because. Yeah, I'm just, I'm just, I throw it at them because it's just to me, you know, I've been in this sport a long time together. I've been watched it. I've helped competitors. And I see them. They have merged. And there's nothing wrong with that because we all loved women's body building. They've just got out of control. And so you guys rebooted it. It got back in control. It's where it should be now. And really, that's where women's body building should be now. There's no big girls left. There's no giant girls that even put into women's body. They can cross over and, and, and I don't think anyone would complain either way, you know? No, you're yes, I think. You know, the, you know, I'm sure you remember why week, why we created women's physique. 100%. We need to be done. It's the fact that, uh, so many figure girls would come to us and say, I want to do figure and we say both. They're, no, you're too big. You got to go to body building. Right. So the idea was to create a division, slightly burden of a figure. Right. That being women's physique. However, um, you know, we kind of took it to another level by taking their heels, away, right, and making them do poses. Yeah. And so many of the girls did not like that. So obviously the body part was gravitated to it. So right. Right. And, yeah. And, but then the figure girls got bigger. And you got to, you let the figure girls get bigger, which is fine. I like it. I like the look. But so now you got the girls that, that one of where he else that can still be sizable and have good conditioning and figure. And then you, you got women's physique, which is really women's body building. And that's why I said, just put them together. Because I think the miscellaneous title is really awesome. And if I'm a woman and I pose, I want to be called miscellaneous. I mean, I would think she need grant would want to be called miscellaneous. She's, she's like, you know, she's like the next one tomorrow. She's like, she's from some other planet. Right. I mean, well, I've had put her off against Iris Kyle and do you live here. I mean, that's what I want to see. Yeah. Forget about. Yeah. Well, yeah, you know, you got this, the show coming up this weekend. It's going to be Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday. Yeah. You got it all spaced out. If you go, people go to GaryUt.com. You can check out all the, when the classes are going to be run to get me run together, pre-judging Finals, you're out of there. In the tent, there's going to be no people who can come visit, but you're working on that livestream. Is that what it was? And the place to really go is, uh, NPC North American.com. Okay. Because we put all the updates on their map. I thought you were like, I thought you were like a genius. I thought you were doing the, he's, he's the tech whiz. Oh, really? I didn't even know your brother was involved with this. Oh, forget about it. I'm like, can you? I told you. I could not do any of this for like a while. So he does your whole website. Oh, I was wondering. I thought you were like a genius. I thought you were doing this. He always was the brands of family. I'm like, I'm not. He would, he would tell you that, but, you know, I have some idea, and he pops a reason or a way to do it and accomplish it. So it's such a big help. But, uh, so we use that to update everything, relentlessly as NPC North American.com. So if we have something that's coming, people should tech that because the, the key for us this weekend or this coming week is, uh, getting them in the tents in a certain flow. Because I can't have too many people in that tent. Right. And then I got a shuffle amount. So we're going to protect the large system. How do you, how do you, how do you, how do you, how do you, how do you, how do you text all these people? How does that work? It's a two full text alert and it's weird. Because some phones don't do well with text alert. Right. So we're going to get them there. We, we figured out a real protocol to make this happen. We need to put all the numbers in and it just, it spits him out at one time. I mean, I don't even know how that works. Well, they sign up for it. I'm sure they could have more than American.com. NPC, North American.com. It shows them how to sign up for it. Oh, okay. So you have to do that. You have to do that pretty much. We're pushing them to do it. However, I understand their apprehension. So that's going to be the trick this week. But I think just after we've got that nailed down. I get, I have the benefit. No lie of having the best team in the world. These guys are good guys there. I would never get to a doctor's appointment anymore. If I didn't have that, I'd text alert system. That's great. No, you can't remember anything. I get too much going on. You're laughing because you probably did the same thing. You probably missed every doctor's appointment. You know, Jim and I had the same doctor. So my text alert system is Jim Madden because, you know, not only is he watching this, I'll see you watching mine. He goes, hey, I got a night in my phone. You got a point in the with Robert. I go, nah, I got a call on me. I'm not. Next thing in the front of the front is Robert. Hey, I guess you got a come in and see me. I go, yeah, he goes. I think he's tracking more New York. That's great. Gary, man, I made that a hard year, man. But God bless you. You know, you're making this happen. It's not only for your own benefit, obviously. But the athlete really, I talk to these people. I'm in the trenches with these guys. They're so happy that you're having this show. I can't do that. I'm so happy they're coming. And the other thing is this, I got to tell you. The other folks, I don't blame them for being upset. I mean, I get it. There's been a lot going on. And now this thing went no crowd. And so we're struggling to get this last stream together for them. But, yeah, I really don't, I hope any, any, any, it will go towards people there upset. So, we'll do the best we can, especially. I'll hold the old will against them for you because, you know, what, you should be kissing your butt that you have in this show because without the show, there would be, there would be 600 less pro parts. That's what that thing, because the one person in the country is you don't want to have the old will. It's from painful rumbles. That's right. That's right. But very angry as I'm getting older. I'm getting like a, to be a grumpy old man. All right. You're having this show and good luck this weekend. Yeah, my best year away from hope the kids are great. Thank you so much. And guys, that's going to take us to the end of another episode of RX Muscle News Update. I'm Dave Palombo for Gary. We'll see you next time.