I'm looking forward to probably more of you guys up, but to about hair loss. Had a preventative, had a reverse, the new modern thinking about hair loss and how it differentiates itself from what we thought in the past and joining me today to help educate us. A little bit is a good friend, Jay Campbell. Welcome. Hey, and it's an honor. Triflidge, always humbled to be in your presence, man. Since you and I did that podcast, while almost three years ago now, it really helped my career really help me in so many ways. So again, I'm always indebted to you and I, and in the spirit of gratitude, I appreciate it. All right, tell me how to grow some hair. Did you grow some hair back in your head, I noticed? I did, man. So, uh, we didn't give you the city to top of your head, we put it into the camera. You've got hair, you could definitely got more hair there. You're not afraid of how that's sprayed with anything, do you? This is great up, regrowth from almost being completely bald. I mean, the last time you saw me, I was almost bald. Yeah, you were shaved pretty tight. Yep. So what's, what's, what's, what's, what's, what's, what's, what's, what's, what's, what's, yeah, so obviously our product, you know, my company is a seercostum.com, my business partner is a guy by the name of Nick Andrews and he's like literally one of the smartest peptide biochemists on planet Earth and we were told in our company launched in November of 2019 and we launched this. I'm going to stop you. I'm going to let you go and rant on because you're, you're a good talker, but I want to just say something. Sure, it didn't start with the company. It started with you doing the research on what, what the ingredients in the company are selling and then you, and then you got involved with the company. So maybe you should explain the science first. I will. Yeah, absolutely. So our product is called Oxano Grove. The earliest two products that we had are a serum and a cream that are, the main, in this, constituent ingredient is called Copperpeptide GHKCU. So the copper ion is CU and if you look into the research of that peptide. What's the GT? What's the other part of it? What's the, it's copper CU and then what's the other of the G? It's glyco histidine and then whatever. Oh, all right. So that's just how it's, yeah, exactly. Yeah, I mean, I give it to you. The same copper peptide and I don't know if it was a copper. When I got my, I got hair, a graph, years ago, like in 2000. So that's 20 years and 21 years ago. And they gave me some kind of like stuff to rub on. They had for the first week to help heal it. They said there was some kind of copper stuff to there. Was that the same stuff? Well, I don't need the same stuff. And that was the same stuff. No, there's definitely, yeah. Go ahead, what? It had just come out, I think, at that point. Exactly. Well, so here's the thing. So copper peptide GHKCU was discovered by a scientist named Lauren Pickert. He still has it in the company. The FDA, what after him? Because like a lot of research scientists, he started talking about health and benefit of this amazing peptide and how many multiple applications it has to heal. I mean, it is absolutely, as my business partner would say, the sham wow of peptides. It has a hundred different applications. From healing, from nerve regal, from, I mean, cellular, regenesis, collagen, synthesis, angiogenesis, and what is copper, what is so special about copper that would cause healing? So copper is basically embedded in all of our biological systems. Like if you look at the copper peptide or just the copper ion, just look at our blood, the hem and our blood, you have copper up and down our cellular systems. So giving a replant of replacement, but just applying a copper peptide like GHKCU to the skin increases, all sorts of cellular mechanisms, which would obviously regenesis or rejuvenation or regrowth. But it's like I said, it's pretty amazing stuff. So it's probably, obviously much better absorbed in this form that you're applying, then obviously just taking a pill with copper. Is that exactly exactly? So that's a good question. So let's back up. So the stability of this solution is best injected, but if you've ever injected copper peptide GHKCU, it burns like it burns. It's like a beasting. And our guys out there, then inject GHKCU into their scalp, no question, with tiny needles or whatever, and they get regrowth, and they act with thousands of guys on Reddit to talk about it. But the next best version of it would be like our solution, which would be through the dermis, obviously. So it transdermal solution. And it had a very gross to a lot of chemicals too, because they're exactly in an old version of it. It's just not gonna pass through the stomach. It's just gonna make it through the digestive system. You're not gonna have to let the alcohol even if there anything like that. So the oil bioavailability is almost meal. Okay, so you've got two options. You can rub it on your skin, and you have to, you know, clearly have a smart chemist that has a carrier agent. You don't want to be using the MSO, even though people do. Yeah. I'm like orient you. Now, our product, which again, we launched in 2019 in November, is a 3% grade of GHKC, so if you go on Amazon or you go on the internet and you search Copper, peptide GHKC, you get hundreds, literally, of products that claim to have it in there. But almost none of them have at the level that we do. And again, I always say this to people, take the Pepsi challenge, you know, use our product, put it on your face or your skin, or you know, do it for, you know, again, and we don't really advertise this, but on this show I will, you can use it to heal too. You can put it on soft tissue traumas. And it, you know, absolutely, you'll notice the difference within two to three days. On the face for most women that use it, they get like 70, 10 days or like, oh my God, my eyes are less. Right? But for guys, a lot of them in the MMA fighters use it. Whole contact guys use it. And from when they're using the ghee and they're sparring and stuff, they get cut off and slid up in their face, you put the stuff on your face, it massively speeds the rate of healing. So three percent, I mean, like, a lot of people don't know, and I'll give it an analogy to food. Sure. People think like, skin milk is like some kind of amazing thing, because it's, you know, zero percent fat, but whole milk is only three percent fat, okay? Which is still a lot of fat. Now, you know, reduce fat, and then they got the 1% to percent. So you think, you know, oh, that sounds like a little bit, but it's actually, three percent fat in milk is a lot, you know, same thing with what you were talking about is that it sounds three percent, cop of peptide, doesn't sound like a lot, but that is a lot, that's a high, that's a high concentration, right? Exactly. Exactly. Good good good good good good vision here, because if you went higher, you'd be in the clinical side of things. And obviously, we can't be doing that. And again, Nick worked in the bio-forma space for 20 plus years as a consultant. So he's a master at creating formulations. And obviously, our round the guidelines and our considered over the counter and application. Now, the issue or just, again, so people in a big picture standpoint can look at this as like there are tons of cosmetic companies, you know, Lori Owl, Rodan and Fields, the high-end boutique stuff. Yeah. Who mentioned the name, Copper peptide. OK. And then there's other stuff like P1 and all these different peptides that they put in. But they have, if anybody ever bothered to do a task, this stability test. And looked under the microscope, but what was in these products? They would find almost no active ingredient. Wow. OK. So they're really good. Well, look at all our stuff. Is it like these proprietary formulas you see in like the new application? Which, for you to kind of just sprinkle it in, they're like, Pixie dust. You just magically said the word proprietary blend. Exactly. Exactly. Hey, no, no, no. So we have to explain that because I want people to get results if they're going to try something like this. And they have to understand that there's a lot of the stuff that they're marketing out there because these companies are big bucks. And they can really suck you in with their marketing. But if it doesn't work to stuff, then you're wasting your money basically. I mean, do 100%. And that's right. Again, we tell people, when you go on a website, products are expensive. But we're not ripping anybody off to put a 3% copper peptide solution in a product is not cheap. I mean, that's a very high end aspect of creating this. But again, the process due to extreme expertise is not simple as just getting a 3% rate of copper peptide. And then, you know, slapping it on your skin or anything like that. It won't work. But again, just to go back about the business, we were in business game for about a month and a half. And a guy sent me an email. And he said, bro, we had it before and after picture. He's like, dude, on the big fan, blah, blah, blah. He's like, I was listening to Ben Greenfield's podcast. And he had on Ian Mitchell. And Ian Mitchell is the guy that owns our carbon 60 company. And I forget what they're called, but it doesn't matter. He was talking about carbon 60, the nanomolicule. Also, regenerates the shaft and the nerve and the follicle rooted the scalp. And that his theory was, is that if you use carbon 60 to regrow your hair, it'll work. So anyway, this guy who was a listener of mine, basically, was using that stuff that I just showed you before we went on podcasts from Taylor made pharmaceuticals, which is a GHK dropper. And he started mixing it with Ian Mitchell's carbon 60. And literally, 45 days, he completely regrute the hair in the back of his bald smile. So again, he sent us this before and after, but he's like, look, he would nicknames the look into this. Because this is unbelievable. Well, we first saw the picture, bro. We thought it was Photoshopped. Yeah. Because we're like, you have to have a website somewhere or a quesit effect, right? Yeah, yeah. It's on the whole page of the website. You can see it. It's the first picture of one of the four and actors. But so anyway, dude, that was in the December, so Nick went to work and looking at both of these agents, to potentially put them together. And we launched our product, which is, again, GHKCU, copper peptide, and 3% grade, and then carbon 60, which at that time was in a carrier oil of MCT, which was, again, version 1, which we found, even though it still worked amazingly well, it was too oily. So when you put it in your hair, you'd have too much oil in the hair. So a lot of women complained, guys, we'd even complain, they were like, dude, it's awesome. And it's re-grow in my hair. But when I go to sleep at night, I'm getting oil on my pillowcases. So we obviously fixed that. And by the way, we launched the product on June 5th of last year. And the same day, the same day that we launched the product, then agreed for your promote of the phasian skin. So it was like a perfect coincidence. What's the carbon product do? So the carbon 60 is, it's a good question. So the carbon 60 functions as a sponge. So think of it as a very powerful, like a super antioxidant, disputase. So you put the GHK on your scalp, which is going to increase angiogenesis, increase red blood cell, and collagen formation in the scalp. Okay. And then the carbon 60 pulls it into the scalp. Oh, I think it would help you absorb it. Is that, no, I'm not going to. You set me this little thing, and I've been using it. And one is, you spray one on first, and then the second thing you put on is that those carbon, the carbon 60. Exactly. And we're finding now that it really doesn't matter what goes on first. We recommend that you put the GHK, which is Ceremae, on first because it's water based. Okay. So when you apply it, you literally spray it into your scalp. How much time of the spray should I be putting on that? For you right now, probably two. Oh, I've been using it. Two of each. So you don't get it to the place where you want your most, you want to focus your red growth, and then you just massage it. Okay. Now again, when I'm making 20 sprays, I want to focus it everywhere. So here's the thing. You don't need to over saturate the scalp. All you need to do is make sure it gets into the scalp. So me and you don't have to worry, but people with longer hair, if they're just spraying it into the hair and not massaging it into the scalp, it's going to go into the hair follicles. I'm not going to. Yeah. I'm totally blind. What I do is I comb all my hair forward, get it out of the way of my scalp. Because I do comb some of the back, obviously, and then I put it right here. I've been using it for about three weeks, maybe you said. Yeah. So I'll see what happens. I don't like to get too excited, but I do notice some little hairs. I don't know if it's really, if it's real or not. So I'm going to keep letting it grow, and I'll keep applying it. Now, I wanted to just tell you a funny story because my son likes to go into my bathroom and explore like he's into sprays now. He thinks he's like a hit beautician. So he goes and he takes my daughter, my three-year-old daughter, he's five, and he styles her hair. I came into my bathroom and it's been very quiet in there. And I was horrified. He was using the copper. That's fine. Like it was like, he was like, spraying water on there. So I'm like, no, don't touch my stuff. It's like, what? So you're saying you need a couple of hours. Yeah, but if my daughter's not growing really, really thick hair, we'll know it works. So. So on that, so Victor Black, I think you know Victor. Yeah. He just posted a big thing on his Instagram. So he's been using it since May 12, now May 13, and he posted on Monday, which would have been what? So one month, and he literally like mine, like re-group his hair from the Volkswagen the back. I mean, it's not like, you know, super thick. But he re-grouped a lot. So I mean, we definitely have thousands of people out there that are using it that are getting re-grouped. Now, it is important that I'm glad you said it. If you are not living an optimized lifestyle, and what does that mean? You're inflamed. Okay. You will not get the best results because you don't have the optimal one for. So people are like you said. Type one diabetics, high blood sugar, high insulin. You are not going to get the same results as somebody that has less inflamed. Gotcha. Infirmations, but when I go for my, and you can test your inflammation guys in your body by going for a C-reactive protein test, I mean, I know I see people come back high on the C-reactive mine. Mine is always like 0.001 or something like that. It's very, very low. Cause I eat a very anti-inflammation diet to begin with, just because I know it's good for you. And a lot of people are very inflamed, like you said. So it's good to take you to your fish or oils and something like that and help reduce inflammation your body. Start stay away from sugar or something like that. Get control of your blood sugar. Now, Jay, you know, people are going to ask me because you know, I've been taking finance for 20 years. Okay. But I'm a very high DHG converter, just in general. So I really, I don't know if it ever made me stop losing hair or not. I, that's what I took it for, but I knew my father had prostate problems of like that. So I took it more as a, as a protective effect. Because when I got my DNA tested about two years ago, I also, it showed that I'm a very high DHG converter. So I'm on no hormone replacement whatsoever. I don't think any testosterone, nothing. And I take 2.5 million of the finance right today. And my DHG levels are in the normal mid range. So you can imagine how high they would be if I did. I just am a big DHG converter. But for people who are not, let's say, what's wrong with, or what's wrong with the idea of DHG causes hair loss? Because I know you're against that whole school. So I mean, it's a very complicated question. You know, I will definitely say that we wrote an article which you have access to now that will publish on Ben Greenfield's website a week from yesterday. So it was at the 20th second. And people who don't know who Ben, can you explain who Ben is? Yeah. So Ben Greenfield's a big biohacker. You know, it's got like three or four million people that follow up. And you know, we wanted to him. My partner and I also did a podcast with him, recently, that breaks tomorrow, which will be Thursday, June 17th, breaking down the DHG inhibition theory of hair loss. So anyway, the question, I would just tell people that it'll be on the internet. There'll be an 8,500 word article with all the science. No one reads it. No one reads it. Give us the read is digested. No one reads it's right. Except people like me in New Day, no one reads anymore. You're right. You're right. So the garden group basement understanding is this. DHG inhibition was once thought to be the primary cause or the causal agent of hair loss. We now know that it is not even close to that. It is if anything, it is a secondary downstream potentiator of hair loss. So all that, you know, finance derived, and by the way, I know thousands of guys like you, then if you guys have been taken, you know, did you stop your hair loss potentially? Yes, but have you addicted your body or, you know, committed your body to being attached through that drugs, mechanism of action to stopping DHG formation. And now the question is, is if you stop taking the finaster, right? Yeah. Is your hair going to all fall out? I mean, for you, it's different because you've had the transplant stuff. Well, guys, the hair in my back of my head, too. So yeah, yeah. Well, that's what I'm saying. So I really take it for maintenance. So I don't even care if it doesn't anything. I just want to keep my DHG imbalance, you know? Right. No, no, no, for you, it's a different story. But for most people, it goes back to like, when you and I are talking about testosterone, and like why you don't want to use an AI, you don't want to inhibit any biological systems, because as I always say, God is a lot smarter than Big Borma. Okay. And there's always downstream negative side effects that can happen. Now again, not everybody experiences these with DHG, right? But we now know that you can regrow your hair much better than using a DHG blocking that hemadro. That's the exact same science that's going on here for a talk. That's the science is what we now know is the primary causal agent of hair loss is blood flow to the follicles in the scalp. Now, do you think the reduction of blood flow to the follicles in the scalp happens to be a genetic time clock that goes off in some people? Because I look at guys like, you know, Jay Coler, he's got a full head of hair, the guy that loses a, the guy never lost a hair on his head from all the years of bodybuilding and using your gear and stuff like that. I mean, is it genetic that some people, because blood supply gets cut off if they have a predestosist to that? And other people, they're just, they're blood supply to the scalp is amazing. I mean, why do some people lose hair or not? Yes. Yes. I mean, there's basically five causes. Okay, but the answer is yes. Okay, it's, it's rushing the wet. It's biochemical individuality, but micro inflammation's in the scalp. Okay, genetics, right, androgenic alopecia. Right. And then you have lifestyle. So the more inflamed that you are in your life and obviously inflammation is, you know, multi-causal as well, the more likely you're going to have hair loss at a various time or point. And by the way, this is also for women. Women who have poor sleep habits, who are stress cases, who worry all the time, they also lose their hair a lot faster than people that are. Now obviously this is kind of subjective, but there's no question that everything boils down to the blood flow to the scalp. So yes, a guy like Jeff Jay Culler is genetically blessed because we all know that he did all sorts of things to look the way he did when he was competing. And he didn't lose hair whereas other guys just look it up, you know, at PhD drug and their hair falls out. Right. Right. So what's the solution to reduce inflammation in the scalp is this is this going to be the new, you know, standard that that hair loss clinics and people are going to basically say, hey, look, we could restore your hair with giving you hair graphs, but you've got to use these copper peptides. We've got to use this carbon 90 or a carbon 66, it needs to help absorb it or whatever version, whatever, you know, I guess you could say, compounding and you're going to use to help the absorption. It's copper peptide going to be the standard hat for hair loss. So from a angiogenesis effect, 100%. So what does angiogenesis mean? Again, stimulating the blood flow, red blood cell formation in these target area of application. So angiogenesis is the primary mechanism of action that we want to target to, again, regrow the hair follicle. Now, what are other things that you can do? Yes, so the absorption agent of, you know, think of it as like a super, a sponge, an oxidative sponge to pull in the angiogenic effect of the carbon 60. But you can also, and you said it earlier in the show, what's most important from an aging standpoint is improving mitochondrial function. Okay. So if we strike it and improve the mitochondria, then, you know, therefore, we will also improve the replication of the cells and all of the various things that cause aging, which is, as you know, telemere lengthening and detangling and then also anti-oxinants. So if we improve the mitochondria, which we can do, and by the way, in the article and I'll share it with your listeners, you know, we create a stack, we say, okay, this is the J and Nick's stack to regrow your own hair to the maximum allowable. And by the way, I want to say this on your show, if you have an endogenic alopecia, okay, so I had that, obviously you had that. You can still stop it if you start doing these things early enough. You just have to be much more militant and, you know, an orative than somebody who's like J color. Does that make sense? Yeah, let me ask this question. Since I'm 53, you know, can I regrow hair at this point? I mean, is it possible to get my scalp to start producing 100% do- Do-hairs. 100% you can regrow your hair even over the grafts that you had. Here's how you do it. So, you know, not being a shield. Because no, it's not a mistake. Just for people who don't know, when they do grafts, they only do it in the front because no one has enough donor hair to do your whole hair. So, right, and that looks, you know, whatever, gives you like a receding hairline, and that's fine. But you know, we all want our little bald spot to be, you know, filled in too there. So the only, you know, we've been waiting to get them to grow hair in a petri dish. They've been promising that for 20 years. No one's done it. So, I think the best bet, like you said, is growing your own hair back. That's exactly right. And I wish I had this picture, I would show the screen of Victor's hair because he has that bald spot. But whatever, you can post it all, post the link in the comments after this is over. But, so that's all you do it. Okay. You use our product as the base immediately. And again, remember, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, scalp massage 30 seconds 40 seconds, let it dry. I put serum B, which is the carbon 60, which again, and I haven't said this yet. It's in an oil extract of grape seed oil. So, Dave, you know, this grape seed oil is a very fine, misty oil. So, when you put it in your scalp, it actually adds, it looks like a product. Yeah, it looks like I put like my, some gel in my hair, something like that. Yeah, exactly. So, you could see mine right now. There's a tiny bit of oil in it. That's, that's the beat. Oh, okay. I usually have to push up. Yeah, a lot of people love that. You know, Chris Gethon is a big user of our product. And he's like, when he talks about it, he's like, I don't use product anymore. Yeah. Now imagine, dude, this is something new. And I should talk about, imagine what kind of damage we do to our hair, where we put these garbage products like shampoo and conditioner and all these things that we put into our scalp, look at the chemical constituents in these things. Right. People shouldn't even wash their hair, truthfully. They should just wash it with water. Jay, let me just tell you something. I'm a very greasy Italian. The grease that comes out of me, you can cook, you can saute, chicken, Nutton, it. So I can't be putting too much oils in my hair. It would be really good. I'm just saying that my hair. Well, I'm doing my podcast. So what I do is I take a shower at night. I use a shampoo that's not like, I use one of these shampoo from online too, that they just says it's a carbonic acid or some other crap. But when you just scare scalp, I don't know if it does anything. And then I get an average shower. I let my hair dry. I let my scalp dry. And then I put your products in. And then I go to sleep after that. And then it's part of the morning. I get up and I do another shampoo with that other product. And then because I can't walk around and grease in my hair all day. Because like I said, by midday, as Tyler, I'll have oil running down my face. Yep. No, no, no, look. And I totally get that. And again, that's a genetic thing with sea boom. Some people just overproduce oil and stuff like that. So I totally get that. But like, if you really did like a deep dive on hair health, most people are putting shit in their hair oil time. Oh, it's hot. You're right. So I mean, it's crazy. But that's exactly what you should do. OK, so you do that. OK. And then, again, this is like a state of the artist. I'm going to put you in the slide here. Do you die you hair? No, dude, this is literally straight up from the product. My hair, you can see I have gray. I'm close cropping side. The reason I ask you, you kind of gray in the size of your very dark on top, why is that? So that's another advantage of the product is it goes to your natural root color. Oh, real? So when people see me, they're like, bro, are you fucking dying your hair? I'm like, no, this is literally from Oxeno. Oh, wow. OK, because I used to die, but I stopped. And then, you know, now I have a lot of grays in this. I'll be interested to see if it my hair grows out darker. I still have grays. You can see, look, I have tons of grays. I'm salt and pepper, but this is from Oxeno. All right. I'm going to try it. It's pretty nuts. But then again, dude, I've only been using Oxeno. We never got into that story. It would happen to the company. But I've only been using Oxeno now consistently for three months. OK. So I have completely, for the most part, regram a hair and again, I already had the Vantice micro pigmentation done on the top of my scalp. Yeah, yeah. So I was going, but anyway, what do you do? You put this on? Then you do red light therapy to your scalp. Now you can buy a cap. You can just use one of those juice six minutes, eight minutes, whatever. What is that? OK. No, I'm getting really deep here now. You also use, Oh, what is the red light therapy, dude? Explain. So the red light therapy increases mitochondrial function. OK. So all of the mitochondria in the scalp are going to be tuned up. So that's obviously going to help with the geogenesis. It's just a regular red light bulb. But what is it? Is it infrared? Oh, well, I mean, there's a million days. There's so many now. I mean, if you get into dork speak about red light, it's due to the flicker rate, bro. But I mean, I use the juice that that's just a company that I fill it for. There's a million of them, though. So long as you get red light therapy on the scalp, you know what the truth is? I'll never do it. So I'm not going to skip that. Well, look, dude, you could literally you or guy like you could just call one of these guys like restore, I restore, whatever. And just say, hey, let just send me a cap. And I'll promote you guys. But I mean, they do have little caps that you can wear for like 10 minutes a day. I know, but I don't know if I'll put it on. You know, maybe we could turn the studio lights into red lights. And I can just I'll be all day long. I'll be hit by red light this way. I literally, there you go. So red light would be secondary. Now, again, I'm getting dorky here. You want to drink dutarium depleted water. Now, this is Icelandic water with the Ethereum depletion in size. What is the term like depletion? So deuterium depletion is. I know what the terium is, but I don't know what deuterium depletion is. So basically, there's two companies on the planet right now with depletion water of deuterium. So you already know what deuterium is. So basically, deuterium is in our cells. And deuterium is what causes us to die. We fucking die at a hundred, ten, hundred, fifteen, whatever we shut off, due to the effective deuterium in our cell. So if you deplete deuterium, you massively stimulate mitochondria functioning. Why is deuterium, which is not heavy water? Exactly. Why is that bad for you? Oh, dude, it's terrible for the cells. It destroys the functioning of the nanomotors in the mitochondrial. It completely shuts down your mitochondria. The reason you're mitochondria stop functioning optimally at like 55, 60 is because deuterium. So if you start drinking deuterium depletion water, you're going to massively upregulate your mitochondria. We're getting deuterium depletion water. Now you turn me into a complete neurotic now. You know that? I can't do these interviews with you, Jay anymore. Where do you get this water? I'll send you a link for a, so I've been using deuterium depletion water for about four months now. Do you want to make your own or not? Do I make my own? Do you make your own, too? Do they have any water filters to make your own deuterium? No, you got a bite, man. Sox, who makes it? And it's expensive. Who makes it? Who makes it? There's a company called White Water. It's drinklightwater.com. That's where you get it. Oh, it. You drink only that water. And you can just have a couple of bottles. No, no, no. So you just basically you take their water and you deplete your liquid sources. So you can even do it with like wine, you know, whatever you drink, you just add some of the deuterium to clean it water. And you do it for like 90 days until you get, and then you take a test, like anything else. And you figure out where your level of deuterium is and your body, if once you get to a part's per million, your body is like maximum mitochondrial operation. Is there a kit that's determined this? Like what you're deuterium level? Well, you, what the company they send you, you know, you can buy the test. They want you to take it after like 90 days of using water and you'll see them. But I mean, I'll try. I mean, dude, it's, it's definitely, so I like infrared saunas. That's one of my things. But like between infrared saunas, drinking due to chrame to plate of water, it's all, it's a big time like biohack. It's, it's, it's pretty amazing. You definitely feel better energy. Guys in our world do, we'll get leaner. You will lose more belly fat, just naturally. Not doing it. I don't have any belly fat to lose, but I want to live longer. And I want to go out and out. You're blessed. But then the other stuff would be, you know, to add to it with the last thing would be to take either met foremen or like a burger and to massively suppress insulin. Again, circulating insulin. Because now they know and there's all sorts of studies coming out, bro. Yeah. That, you know, basically met foremen and like a burger and all of these like glucose suppressors or regulators, there's a massive improvement in mitochondrial function when you keep circulating insulin weight out. Yeah. Well, you know what, I, I, I, I, I mean, mitochondrial oxidized fat, so that would make sense. But my point then, what I use for mitochondrial function is PQQ. Have you used that? PQQ is amazing. I haven't, I'll take it every fucking day. It's expensive. I asked them to regenerate my mitochondrial. So the only issue with PQ is there is unless you have somebody that you, I don't know about, but like, it's, it's difficult to get it into the cells. So it's still a great product. Don't give you a, I just like extension. I don't know if there. I don't know if it's any good or not. Yeah, I take life extension too. Yeah. Yeah. No, it's a great product. So I mean, you know, I, you could throw that in, but in truth, I think met foremen or glycoberat is probably just a little bit stronger than that. Maybe I can go through. Met foremen is like, people have a digestive issues within. Bro, that met foremen is only a problem if you're diet sucks. Yeah. Because it's increase in agrimonia in your gut. So if you're a gut, if you have digestive issues on met foremen, that's basically a gut check. That's literally San Bro, you need to clean up. I have never tried it, but, oh, you, I mean, you don't need it because you're so, so ripped and you have such little, well, I didn't mean my butcher control is good, because you know, everyone can use a little better. Bloods and sugar control. How much do you take in the aim it? So, so let me just say, I'll get to that in a second, but let me just talk about met foremen. So it does so many things outside of the things that we talk about. It causes a pop toasts of tumors. It increases, I'm sorry, increases. It decreases all of the gunk in the dendric and synaptic pathways in the brain. Yeah. So if you're going to take like a supplement that is like an all-encompassing, you know, life-extending supplement met foremen. So I take a gram, AM and I take a gram, and P.F. Now, it's a lot. Most people take 500, 500, women take 252, 50. I've been taking a gram for about almost 10 years now. I used to take 500, I don't know, for 20. And by the way, I just had my metabolic health done with true diagnostic, and I'm 20.75. And I'm 50. What's your hemoglobin A1C? Super low, like 4.9. You know what, I was shocked. Mine came back at 4.6. I don't know how to do it. Same. That's right. That's right. Ever since the COVID hit, and I don't go out to eat every night anymore, I'm eating healthy. Well, you are a super freak. You're a mutant. But that's extremely low. Yeah, I thought it was a lab error to be honest. But I had done twice, and it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, I don't know. I mean, most people who are healthier at 5.3, I know. I know. I would have been happy at 5.2, believe me. I'm a shot. My wife thought I was lying. She's, I'm shocked. I'm amazing. That's literally amazing. But so that's it, man. So, you know, an angiotogenic stimulator, which obviously is going to be GHK. You know, I'm a little bit of a thing as a whole. I don't need to, you know, my, my, he would go to an AMOON C was 56. I got thyroid cancer. I had my thyroid removed, and that's when it all was sudden to drop down. I wonder if that has anything to do with it. Wow. Interesting. Isn't that weird? Yeah. I wonder if the thyroid cancer was, you know, fucking up my blood sugar. I don't know. I mean, it definitely could have. Did they remove your entire thyroid? Yeah, the whole thing's gone. I'm on replacement. So what are you taking as a replacement? Are you taking, uh, desiccated or just teeth through? No, I just take, I take like the generic, you know, of L.F. I rock scene, you know, T.B. Right. My, my dinosaur right whatever you want. I said, well, let's see if it works. It's cheap, you know. I don't care if it's, yeah. That's, they're in the job. My T.3 levels are normal high, and my T.4 is normal. So, I mean, you're so lean. It wouldn't matter. I would just say be careful because usually, if you're not getting something to supplement T.1 and T.2 to, you can get it in balance, but I mean, for you, it doesn't probably matter. Yeah. I don't know. We'll see. I don't know if it, it was just weird. It seemed like just when I got that done, that's when my hemoglobin A-Metese dropped. Now, my surgeon originally thought, well, maybe it was due to the fact that you lost some blood during the surgery, and, you know, you hemoglobulin levels went down, but now it's been, you know, four months, five months, whatever, and I'm still low. So, well, that's interesting. Interesting. Interesting. Anyway, let's get back to Harold's. So, what do people want to get this product from you? What, what, what's the procedure? How much did they need, what's the cost per month? You know, give me that stuff. Yeah, it's good question. So, so right now, the product is $249, and for most people, depending again on your length of hair and also the rate of loss, it can last 90 days. So, it's, okay, that's good deal. I mean, when you really look at the cost versus the benefit, I mean, give me a break, you know, people are fan, yeah, you know what, guys pay for a Rimm and X, right, let's, I mean, I mean, I did, I did, I did. I mean, I got you still using a Rimm and X, dear, come on. Okay, you know what, some people just need. But my point is, I'm talking about the hormone placement, I'm talking about guys, you know, like body builders, that are, that are on drugs. I mean, they spend way more than that. That's, that's, yeah, I got, that's a lot. I got a few bucks a month you're talking about, right? Yeah, I mean, exactly between 50 and 75. But it's $75, $75, $75, $75, $75, $75, $75, $75. Yeah, I mean, you know, you can get, you know, we'll say, you know, here's the question show is a discount. Here's the question. Before you get to know this, Carol. Let's say I take it for six months. My hair, why do you think? You do not. It's a great question. You do not. It's not, it's not like the DHT inhibition where you're attached to the follicles and the apps that you're on it. No, but you definitely want to maintain, you know, that angiogenic effect in the scalp. So what we're doing and we're not there yet, but we are developing, well, two things that's important for listening audience is the product right now is a two phase, again, Cerema, GHA, Cerembi, the Nanomolecule carbon 60. It will be a one phase product by end of September. Oh, really? Okay, so you need to put it together. That's good. Exactly. And we have a provisional pattern on that right now. It's basically going to be able to tell people, it's going to be a light basomal, right? So the oil base, it's encapsulated in the water. And it ultimately will probably not be a sprayer anymore. It's probably going to be like a dropper, you know, pop it in, drop it in where you have the, the, the, the, the, the, the, I'll tell you one thing, J. though, when metrics first came out in the early 90s, they had the base and the plus and you did two scoops of each, and then you blend it up, I kind of liked that better than the one pack, even though the one pack was a little bit more convenient. The only problem is, is like, believe me, if you remember, you see the first, the first formulation was a, was a dispenser. Wow. And again, the B was in, um, MCTOL, so as much, you know, yeah, yeah, yeah. But oil, air, and grease. I'm just kidding, I'm sure it'll be amazing. So I mean, the women, it's a great question. And, and, and, and, you know, some guys will say, and this is actually important for listeners to know this. And again, I didn't know this might, my, my, you know, Nick, my partner, really, kind of, knew this. So a lot of guys in the hair plate is due, and you know that a lot of these guys that won't mention their names, they have foam, mooses. Yeah. And that shit is worthless because guess what? As we already said, it doesn't get into the scalp. It's going into the hair shafts, right? So all those guys making foam mooses are not getting into the scalp, which is where you need to get regrowth and regentuses. So it's all about penetration and into where you need to get it. Absolutely. Okay. 100%. So two your question, because it's the best question. Yeah. We are creating a scalp product that will be considered Oxano evening. So the product that you and I are using in thousands of people around the world, we're using right now, which is just called Oxano Grow version two, will become Oxano Day. Okay. And then the night version will be what you're doing right now. So you already hacked it. You take a shower, you leave your hair a little bit damp, and then you're going to take this dropper, and you're going to apply it in your scalp, and you're going to go like this. Yeah, we're going to go to bed. So I got somebody to do twice a day now. I mean, you will for if you want like super regress. I want super growth. I want to do it. I want the best. Don't don't don't go lightly on me here, Ajay. No, no, wait, I can definitely tell you this, the version, the night version, Oxano evening, will be stronger than Oxano Day, and reason why is, well, it's going to have a couple more peptides that we don't have in it for hairy growth. But most importantly, when you're sleeping, you cannot create micro-information. Sure. I'm just starting the day, you're outside, you're sweating. You're, you're, you're Italian, and you have all sorts of sebum. Yeah, exactly. So you'll get much better regress at night sleeping with this product. Then you would during the day, put it in. But there's no question that when you put version or a very product and evening's product, you're going to get tremendous growth. I'm looking forward to your office, Santham. Now, now, we have a link. We have a banner on our Exmusule.com. I'm going to be putting up and on my daypalombo.com website. And you can go click on that banner and get over to your site. Is there a discount or something like that? Yeah, absolutely. So for all of your listeners, you'll be able to take 15% off. It's huge, 15. Huge, 15 is the 15. And the link is just a searcostum.com board's last huge. Okay, and they can just click on the banner guys off of either website, my website or the art's muscle site and it'll be just easier. And just use the huge 15 code and you'll get 15% off your order. Look, I like the fact that it's not something you hooked into for life. Guys, do it for three months. Try and see what you get. If you get hairy growth, keep doing it. That's what I always tell people just do your own experiment. Because you know what, I have to believe, Jay, that every person will respond differently. You're going to have the high-priced partners that have amazing growth. Cause maybe they have like you said tremendous inflammation. And then you might have people that have maybe some growth, but not as much because maybe that's not the issue that they have. I don't know. Exactly. No, that's exactly right, Jay. There's nothing perfect for anybody, but I will definitely say that if you are living a healthy, low inflammation lifestyle. And you attempt to grow your hair with this product. And obviously follow the instructions and watch the demonstration videos. Right. And it'll be very hard for us for me to think that you won't get some growth. Now, we do have people that regrowth our hair in two weeks. Most people, Steve regrowth within 45 to 60 days. And then you know, I was just talking to Victor Black about this this morning. He's in Thailand. The strongest, most pronounced effect is between day, 50 and day, 90. That's when you really see like the hair just coming back. And you're kind of like what the hell. That's yeah, I always believe in look. You got it. You got to put the work in. You got to put the stuff on. You got to follow the instructions. There's a lot of people after two weeks they get bored and they stop doing it. They miss their applications. Once you do that, it's like not going to the gym, miss and workout. So missing meals, doing it. You're not going to get the best results we need to do that. You got to be super crazy in a rotic like I am. Otherwise, you're not going to get good, good results. It's totally true. If it's in your fat and you're inflamed. You're not going to get the same results because you do not have blood flow to your scalp. Again, it's all about how do I get the optimal blood flow to my scalp. I use this part. You just get my head. Is that going to help or anything? I mean, in theory, you would get better blood flow to your scalp. You know that neuro, what does it call this scalp? I forget to. So here's something we didn't talk about. If you took your hands and you lifted the skin, right? Like really tight right here. We all have like a genetic level of skin right around here. Some of us is much tighter than others. It's called the neuros research. Well, look, in a lot of the newest research, they know that the people that have the most laxity right here have the worst hair loss because again, it can't get in. They have really a lot of micro inflammation in the skin. So the tighter your skin is right around here, the better you're going to maintain your hair for life. Interesting. I didn't know that. I'm this a true story. I'll leave us with this story because I had a crazy doctor friend to mind. He's no longer with us. May he rest in peace, doctor Mike. He was like one of these novel, you know, original thinkers. And you know, there's a strip of connected tissue underneath your scalp. I think it was called now. It's, I can't think of it. But it's a thick band of connected tissues as you get older and thicker. It's a must that you think that that could be, you know, his theory was that that's what caused hair loss. As it thickened and response to whatever stress, inflammation, right? And he's right. He actually, this is a true story. I swear to you, this is true. He found a surgeon crazy enough to remove his. So he peeled his head back and they took that band of connected tissue off because he was, and he was convinced he was going to grow back his hair after doing this. This was back in the 90s. And they, they, I mean, you can't make this stuff up. They closed them back up. He looked like a sharp pay as head after that because it was someone even, you know. And unfortunately, he passed away, like, a couple years later, not nothing because of that, obviously. But the point is that I don't know if that was the right thing to do. But you know, what was he using the Charter League role as hair? Nothing, because they didn't have anything. They used me in the oxenel back then and, you know, and put him in practice, and finaster, right? That was it. That's that. Yeah. People will ask, because we get that question all the time, can I continue my script, monoxidil, with this product? And technically, you could potentially have more hairy growth but as you know, Dave, monoxidil, if you stop using it in a lot of users, has that potential of losing your hair. So we say, just work on improving the health of the follicle. Kill the monoxidil, use this, use the other thing. And by the way, we didn't mention this, we should. You can absolutely use PRP. You can absolutely use exosomes on top of this. So this would be... Them cells stuff. Them cells stuff. Maybe exosomes in the beginning of the year, PRP at the end of the year. But that would be it. And all of those, again, commodity red light, due to the period of the fleet of water, met four minutes like a Berberin, you definitely should get in very regrowth. And you know what, I wanted to just say this, you know, when I breed snakes, okay, and reptiles, people that I talk about this all the time. And to get a lot of these snakes to breed, there's certain triggers, daylight cycles, there's... Absolutely. Dropping the temperatures during the winter months because that stimulates breeding, there's just a million different like little tricks that you can do. And you don't have to do them all. If there's enough, if you push enough buttons, in other words, the snake will breed. Same thing with hair, regrowth. JJ's gave you 40 different things to do. Don't get overwhelmed. You don't have to do every single one of them. Right. That's the key. You don't have to do every... There could be 100,000 things you could find in the internet. Pick the ones of the most potent. And I recommend picking one or two because if you do too many variables, you don't know which ones are actually doing something and not doing something. So, you know, try that copper peptide, you know, combination, the oxana. You know, listen to J in terms of, you know, fixing your diet, getting a blood sugar on the control, reducing inflammation, and seeing if that works. If it works great, you don't need to do 40 other things. If it doesn't work, it doesn't work effectively. And nothing tries to start adding some of these other variables. But you could overwhelm yourself, because I know I get overwhelm with this type of stuff sometimes too. But it's not, you don't have to do everything. There's only a couple. Once you trigger the hair to start growing again, you'd done your job. Right. Spend two or exactly Dave. You're 100% right. Two or 49 bucks. Give yourself 60 to 90 days, depending on how long your hair is. If you can find a $50 in there out there, a $50 portable hair light cap, you know, after you put this shit on, put that on for six minutes, and then that's it. You don't have to do anything else. Yeah. Give it 60, you know, give it 60 days. You will see some degree growth again, assuming you're not inflamed or disease. And by the way, we didn't say this. If you have COPD, and I don't think many of your listeners do. But if you have COPD, or you have another serious blood issue, you definitely won't work, because you're not getting blood flowed. Guys, go. All right. I'm going to tell you this. I'm not doing anything other than the stuff you're sending me, because I want to see if it works. Because I'm not putting a million different variables. I'm only going to do that. I might look into the deterioration of the pleater water if it's not to, if it's not going to make me too much of a nut case. But other than that, I'm not doing anything else. I'm sticking with my normal regimen because I want to actually see how much hair I really grow with your formula. And everyone knows my audience. I'm very honest in terms of it. If it works, I'll say it works. If it doesn't work, I'll tell people did work on me. But I trust the science makes sense to me. I like it because you're very analytical like I am and very scientifically gear. It makes sense. I'm going to give it a shot. Anyone else I want to give it a shot? You can check out the website. Use the code huge 15 to get 15% off. And give us your feedback. Put them in the comments below. If you've gotten good results or if it works, let us know. We'll get J back. And when the new formula comes out, we'll talk a little bit more about that. And J, I greatly appreciate you coming on the show. And educating not only my audience, but me as well today. And I mean, that's an honor, man. Guys, smart as you do. I actually just gave you the link to the article that my copyright owner and I wrote on Dutier even to play the water. It's cool. Exactly. It's perfect for you because it's like, what the hell is this? Why would I use this? And how do I do it? It's pretty simple. But yeah, I mean, that's advanced stuff. But yeah, I'd man, I appreciate you for always bringing me on your show. And it's an honor. And I look forward to the future. I'm using the vitalizing plus right now. I'm spinning my water. Do you do it yet? Have you seen that? The... I have. I'm birthed from a river. I mean, that would actually be something you would add or throw in after. I mean, did all you have to do is just drink the solution. You ought to say it's heavy water. It's depleted heavy water. And just throw it into your current liquids. And it's 90 days. I mean, I want you to do it 90 days in test. Right. And then you'll prevent your love testing. You don't have to keep drinking it. You don't, Jail, tell you one thing. I'll leave you with this. I know we keep extending this show, but people like this stuff. I took a heavy metal at home test. Like where you could actually test you, a heavy metals. Yeah. And I came at client-led. I'm like, what the frick did I get led from? So I'm thinking maybe I was in New York, my facility, my dad, because it was cement dust there all the time. Sure. Sure. So I said, you know what? Before I start getting crazy. Okay. Let me go for a blood work at Quest. So I had my doctor friend, Sammy, physics, and you know what? I came back normal. So you know, take it for, you know, sometimes, you know, these at home, everyone's at home testing now themselves. Sometimes they're not that accurate, because when you have to send your blood through the mail, and it might take two weeks for them to actually test the blood, contaminants happen, blood cells break down. So, you know, make sure you get tested at a good accredited facility. Don't trust everything at home. So I can tell people with blood sugar monitors. They're not that they're not 100% accurate sometimes. So you've got to go and get your blood tested at a lab. Right. Check your hemoglobin A1C in a lab. I also did in that home hemoglobin A1C, and it came back wrong too. So just to let people know that sometimes it's better to pay a few extra dollars and get it done by a professional. Agreed. All right. Thank you, Jay. Keep us updated. I appreciate all the knowledge, and you will be back because I love having these conversations with you. For now, though, we are out of time on day polo, with Jay Campbell for another edition of Goot Roo Talk.