I'm Dave Palombo, founder of Species Nutrition. I created Species Nutrition with one mission in mind to provide body builders and serious athletes with no nonsense supplements that work and are backed by science. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body and that lives on in the Species Nutrition line of products. For you is only top of the line formulations, toast from maximum results and the best flavoring systems available. I put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition products. If you want to be your absolute best, join the evolution. Welcome back to live with Brought to You by Species Nutrition. I'm Dave Palombo and today's guest is multi-millionaire real estate developer. But more importantly, a man who made an incredible physique transformation proving that you can do anything if you put your mind to it. The man I'm talking about is Anthony Lali, welcome to the show. Thank you. Thank you for having me. I'm a big fan. I would have never imagined being on this show two years ago. You used to be in on Fox News and stuff like that. Having people ask you about how you make money and real estate. Yes, yes. I've made over 2,000 media appearances. I was a regular on Fox. I remember. Yes. But this actually means a lot more to me because this is like the next chapter in my life. This is health as well. Well, you know what the truth is? You can't buy health, but you have to, you know, you could have all the money in the world, but if you don't want to put the hard work into it, you're not going to get it out. And that's, there's a sacrifice to involve in everything you do. And I think there's a huge disconnect from making money to actually change in the way you look and feel. Don't you think? Absolutely. I think that the same principles apply. You know, I think that there's a lot of people that have a standard of excellence in the things that they do in business, but they don't apply it to their bodies. All I did was just cross over, same thing that Arnold did. You know, he applied the same principles of bodybuilding and applied it to his business career. I just did the complete opposite and it worked. It's hard to do the complete opposite because when you become, when you make a lot of money, it's like, well, you know, you want to just enjoy yourself. That's the mentality and you were enjoying yourself maybe a little too much, obviously. And that's, you know, where you went wrong. What point did you say to yourself, you know what? I'm going to die and not even be able to enjoy my family. I'm not going to be able to enjoy all this money I made. I got to do something about it. What point did you say I had enough? Well, you know, everybody who's obese has this threshold, you know? And in bodybuilding, you know, they call it, what is it? Progressive overload, right? Yeah. It was a body of that. So people have a fat progressive overload. So my threshold was 300 pounds. Anytime my touch 300 pounds, then I started getting all the ailments, the sleep at the, the chest pains, all these type of things. Wow. Then all of a sudden the seat belt extend around the airplane. I can't get on the roller coaster ride. Right. I can't, you know, do do the fun things anymore. And so at that point, it was just ridiculous. But, you know, in, in, in, in my documentary, I talk about an incident with my daughter that changed my life because I just didn't want to be a fat embarrassing dad for my kids, you know, because kids can be pretty cruel, pretty mean. And I didn't want them making fun of my daughter for their dad or my son for that matter. Right. And it, and you, you were a dad who came into big a dad much later, like, you know, kind of my, myself. I mean, you're in your 40s and you, you know, you're starting to have kids. And so you didn't really care about the way you looked earlier. But, you know, you grew up, I was watching your documentary. You grew up as, as always, in an overweight kid, which had to come into play side and logically, because I'm kids are cruel. I know. I've seen it. I, I, I, I, I'm sure I was, you know, not the best kid either, because I was never overweight. And you make fun of the fat kids. I mean, and that's unfortunate that the kids do that. But it happens. How did that affect you psychologically? Um, you know, growing up in Brooklyn, you got to get tough, you know, and you got to get rough. So, you know, it does affect you. You know, you, you, you see things like, even as a little boy, mothers would, would bend over and talk to their kids and point that mean. See, you see that if you keep eating like that, you're going to look like him. Yeah. You know, little incidents like that happen. And they stick with you. Uh, and then throughout your adulthood, but you know, when you become successful in the world is your oyster and you're not losing and you're wearing suits, you're hiding the fat in your finding ways to adapt. And then then societies telling you, it's okay to be overweight. It's okay to be yourself and all this kind of stuff. So you start buying into all that. Right. Now, when you were growing up, did your parents like try to put you on diet, or would they be enablers who fed you? Yeah, they tried, you know, they tried to put me on the hack in, they tried. I was an only child. So, you know, it's hard. It's a cross between being spoiled as an only child with love and caring. And then at the same time, just eating, you know. But there's only so much a parent can do, you know, when you get to the point where you have access to doing things. I always was kind of like an entrepreneur even in my younger years, even before I was even a teenager, I was selling whatever I could get my hands on hard work. I was drawing and selling lemonade, whatever. I was always able to kind of make my own money. But that money was going into cheese doodles and popcorn and things like that. Where did this entrepreneurial spirit come from? Because your mother was a teacher, if all those are the teacher, right? Yeah, what happened was my mom was an immigrant from Ecuador. She migrated here, lived in an abandoned building, worked in sweatshops and then worked in abuse alone and then worked taking care of old people. My dad was a World War II veteran. He moonlighted as an insurance broker and then during the times of Elvis Presley, he learned how to play the guitar. He started tutoring everybody, how to play the guitar. He wanted to be Elvis. Oh wow. In his era. So, then he became a public school teacher. But he was moonlighting to make ends meet, doing photo with the parody. He had a blue and gold McCorn and shoulder and he would take pictures of tourists with a Polaroid cabra and little Italy and then all the way to the entrepreneurial. It was an entrepreneurial. So, I saw the hostless spirit. Yeah, that's crazy. Where did he teach? He taught in New York, he even taught in New Jersey. He taught all grades. He taught music, math, science. So, he was a man about town. Yeah, my dad was an English teacher in high school for 35 years. So, I can relate to that. And his later years, he actually taught in Rikers Island, prison. He high school of the GED program. Oh, that was interesting to see some of these prisoners after they got out of prison. Because he would teach them how to tie a tie, how to do an interview, who's a public beyond. They'd come to the house and visit and say, thank you, you know, for you, I got a job, I got a car and a ride. And a lot of these guys were muscular. That's funny. That's amazing. The influence you made, you made people. I know my dad taught the actor, Eric, or Strahta. My dad actually talked to him into going into acting, believe it or not. He later came back and thanked my dad for that as well. So, I could understand how, you know, giving teaching is an important, you know, professional. A lot of people don't put enough, I guess you could say, status behind teachers anymore. And I think that's a mistake. Yeah, well, I think now that the pandemic happened, I think a lot of parents, I really, really, really want the teachers back these days. Yeah, they don't want to homeschool the kids. That's why I don't want to homeschool bikers. I want to matter the house, you know. So, let's talk about, okay, so, at 19 years old, is that when you started your first real estate business? Yeah, when I was 19, you know, I was going to a community college and I knew that wasn't going to make me rich. I said, I had a high taste and a high lifestyle that I wanted. I was very ambitious. So, I dropped out and pursued a real estate career. I got my real estate license. And, you know, I remember sitting there in the classroom and the instructor was saying, you can be a millionaire, you can do this, you can do that. And I raised my hand. I said, sir, if that's the case, then why didn't you do that? Right. And then he pulled me to the side after class. He said, you know what Anthony? I understand what you're saying, but guess what? I owned this real estate school and here's how much 20,000, you know. And so, at that point, I knew he was making a million and a half dollars a year. So, I said, no problem, sir, I'm going to pay attention. Yeah. And then at that point, I formulated my plan. I said, I'm going to get my real estate license. I'm going to learn everything about real estate. Be a really good salesperson. But I said, I'll be damned if I have access to all of these multi-building owners and real estate owners and not pick their brains. Find out how they did it. Right. So, I started, you know, getting them as my mentors. I was bringing something to them, selling or renting their properties. And they were bringing something to the table to me. Interesting. Who is the most influential person that you encountered over the years? I think it's a mixture. There's just not one, you know. Be across between a lot of the landlords. I had a cousin. I talked about in a book that I wrote, who was a very successful entrepreneur, an alarm guy. My brother, I have a half brother for my mother's side. Became a very successful guy in the technology business. So, I had a lot of people that I aspired and admired around me. Even from, you know, remember, I was a young guy in business. So, I had to do business with attorneys and title guys and insurance brokers. And I was doing business with the owner. So, I saw and got a chance to work with them in their office and saw how they managed to staff. But, you know, when you're a new business owner, a big deal is getting a secretary. Being able to afford a secretary salary, you know. Right. Finally, you know, giving a, you know, sharing the workload with somebody else, being able to stress somebody else that can do something what you do. That's what I wanted to ask you. I've had historically problems with getting, you know, employees who are willing to work as hard as I am, you know, to have a side thing. And, you know, how do you train people, or find the right people to put into positions of importance where, you know, that, hey, my business is riding on this position, I have to worry about this person doing his good job as I would do. I think the analogy I can give you is, it's kind of like being a coach, right? I'm going to coach you to the Olympia. Right. So, a lot of these people, you need to talk to them. What do you want to do with your life? How long do you want to work? I know I'm going to be a stepping stone. Am I a stepping stone for one year, two years or three years? What, what, what, or six months? What is it? So, if you have that transparent conversation, they'll give you the best of themselves for that period of time. Yeah. You can't blame them. If your business is not growing enough to be able to increase staff, increase responsibilities, increase their salary. Yeah. Then you can't blame them for wanting to fly and going somewhere else. So, you're going to have to pay your dues with a lot of turnover, especially if you're not looking to pay top salaries. That's the thing. Most people get into business even if you own a gym. Everybody on your staff is not getting paid more than 20 bucks an hour. What are you expecting to happen? There's going to be a lot of turnover. So, you just have to condition yourself mentally to build a system that handles turnover. Gotcha. Interesting. Okay. That's very good advice. I think a lot of people don't realize that in their businesses, expect turnover and be prepared for it and then you won't be taken by surprise or light down, as what you say. Yes. Yes. Absolutely. You want to be the key player in your business. And if you have a good structure of training, then you don't mind the turnover. You don't mind that you like a fresh perspective. Some people get burnt out after a while. You embrace the turnover. Sure. Sure. Very good. Very good point. Now, let me ask you this question because 19 you start your own real estate. At what point do you say to yourself, I want to be just bigger than just, you know, what I can provide for myself and the words, what was your vision? Where did you get the idea that young and age to say, I want to have like a franchise of businesses? I mean, that's a pretty lofty, you know, golfer. Yeah. Yeah. It started way before that. When I was six years old, my mom would go to sex with the avenue she would try on mecoats and beautiful dresses and perfume. Put him back on the rack and we would leave. She'd never buy anything. Right. And she would look in front of the mirror and do turns. And she was basically fantasizing about those things. And in one of those visits, I saw a waterproof watch that I saw in a Saturday morning cartoon commercial that was like 12 bucks. And I was begging my mom to buy it. She didn't want to tell me why we couldn't buy it. Eventually she broke down in tears and said, I'm sorry Anthony, we can't afford it. Right. So as we were taking the bus back home, I told her one day I'm going to be so rich. I'm going to buy you a white limousine with a chauffeur and a white mansion. And you're going to go shopping and do whatever you want. And you'd go eat it that it's most expensive places and do whatever. And so many years later, I actually did those things. A little white mansion. I'd water her. She's had white rain drovers. She's had white hummers. That's awesome. Sadies. So, you know, it was that kind of drive that fire in my belly to change my family Wow, that's great. Now, during this whole, obviously building up this business and you have a unique real estate, if I understand correct, real estate businesses, unique. Because you only do rentals. Is that right? Yeah, what happened was I started and real estate like anybody else, you know, I was selling homes and then the 2007 hit and that was dead. So I completely shifted gears into rentals. I said, you know, the way you become the 1% is by servicing the 99%. So I focused on renting and then I became one of the biggest rental companies in New York City. Wow. So I really grew the brand. And while other companies were shutting down, you know, shuttering, closing doors, losing salespeople, I was growing. And then I got into the Billboard business and then I got into the real estate school business. And then everything just was synergistic. It was just all growing and growing and growing. And then of course, the media came in after that. And I started becoming a personality in the real estate industry. Now, I have to imagine, because I know I have a lot of businesses, not to the level that you would do, obviously. But the stress that is ensued, even though it's exciting, even though you're building things, there's a lot of stress because you got a lot of bills to pay, you got mortgages, you got employees. How did you deal with that stress? I mean, how did you manage it and how did you keep balancing your life? You know, although you didn't know how to manage it. Yeah, you were eating a lot. But how did you balance all that? I did a lot of partying too. I did a lot of partying. I had a bachelor pad where I had a behind my office. I had a duplex apartment. I would crash there. Every Friday we'd have a DJ. We had a jacuzzi. And we'd have like a bubble party and everybody would get their pay checks and celebrate. So we did a lot of partying. But I remember there was this one specific moment when I was 21 years old on the second property that I bought. I had a fire and somebody died in the building. It was an accidental. It was a candle fire. It was a 13th candle fire of that year. And they died a smoke inhalation, even though I had smoke detectors and everything. It was a tragic moment. I looked at my parents and my parents says, I don't know. I'm not in real estate. I don't know how I can help you with this. We love you. But this is something you wanted to do. And I remember it was like two o'clock in the morning. It was freezing cold. I was out there. And the lunch was there. The news was there. And then I called a buddy of mine. This really big, big time Greek landlord owned a bunch of buildings. And he last. I said, what do I do? What do I do? It's one of my mentors. He's Anthony. I own buildings. One of the elevator just got inspected. And there's a pregnant woman in it. The next day it falls down. He says, pick up your skirt and grab your bowls. Is either you're going to do this video. You want to be in this business or you don't want to quit right now or stick to it. Make a decision. So when I heard that this is just a part of the job. You did everything right. Life happens. As they say, shit happens. You just have to be able to kind of roll with the punches. That kind of shifted gears for me. Then I started looking at asking questions to a lot of these mentors about their hard times. What was some of the most difficult moments? So it shifted from aspiration to now just let me learn so I don't make those same mistakes. Now that's the the reason I asked this is a good transition because at some point this wisdom that they're giving you really needed to be applied to you personally because here you are, you know, trying to help the world out, trying to make a lot of money. You're very successful. But yet, obviously you're not happy in your body. There's no way I don't believe any overweight person is happy because they try to convince themselves they tell the public that but inside you have to be hurting because no one wants to look, you know, overweight. No one wants people to look at them as being pariahs or something wrong with them. How did you internalize that and accept it? And at what point, you know, I know you said you wanted to obviously for your health purposes but at what point did you say, that's it, I'm done. You know, my wife, my wife was very healthy. She always liked eating healthy. She always liked teaching those health habits to our children. Right. And I was the one eating off the kids menu. She's burger, mac and cheese, french fries and things like that. And so we didn't see it. I, on those things and I became a bad influence on the children. The children wanted to know why they have to eat vegetables and eat, you know, all these nice foods and then and I get to eat all this bad stuff. And so at one point I wasn't invited to eat at the table anymore with them because I was just a bad, a bad influence. So, you know, I at one moment I got so upset. I said, I'm going to eat with everybody and that's that. So I'm there and then my daughter's trying to eat my french fries and my wife got fed up. She said, you know what, my daughter's name is love. She said, love, don't eat that. You're going to get fat. She knew how to get under my skin. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. You know, she was two and a half at the time. She says, what's fat? She shows her a video about obesity and there's, you know, obese people in the video fat people and then it said, obesity kills it showed them in the hospital. Right. And my daughter's sore me going through sleep back in the intestines going to the hospital and then it's up. And she said, daddy, you're fat. I don't want you to die. Oh, wow. And you know, it was funny because, you know, you don't really think about it. I remember I was sitting with my mom. She said, you know, it's great. You have all these children. And you have these kids and it's awesome. She goes, you know how much, how much do you love your kids? And I said, man, I've never felt this kind of love before for anybody else. She goes, you know, I love you that much. And then it dawned on me. I said, mom, you really love me. You know? So, and then she said, but you know, are you even going to be alive to see them grow up, you know, like the way you're doing it? And I knew because my partner was also baloony. He was 295 pounds. Right. We would get custom suits because when you're that big, you have to get a custom course. You know, you don't get it. Yeah. Yeah. You know. And so, by the time this, the tailor shoot would get to my house, I would be fatter. Oh my god. And so it turned into us going, seeking out the best burger places, the biggest burgers, the juiciest and greasy as burgers, the craziest milkshake places. It was like a drug addiction almost the food. Yeah. It was like, you know, what we just threw our hands in the air. I said, you know, what we're going to just die fat and happy. Yeah. You know, I remember telling my wife, I'm like, you know what, if I die at 50, I'll be fat and happy. It's you just convince yourself. Right. You know, it's not, but it was that moment that I made a decision and I was going to stick to it. That was it. Now, I watch in your documentary, you show kind of the first day back at the gym. Yeah. Who, who, who, yeah. You're a smart guy. You're a business guy. So you're going to, you're going to get people and surround yourself with people who are going to help you achieve your goals. What was, what was the team that you put together to help you get into the best shape of your life? And first, you know, how heavy had you gotten? What was the heavy shape? I was, my heaviest hours, 315 pounds. But most of these people know how lose between 10 and 30 pounds. Every obese person has the trick up their sleeve. Some sort of crash diet, some sort of exercise. Everyone has their their ability to kind of lose weight. But then they end up gaining more than they lost and then just slowly climbs up. So I knew I couldn't go into my old bag of tricks because insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result as Einstein says. Yeah. So I wanted to seek out people that were like me that were obese and made a transformation. That's right. So I went to my local gym and I had met somebody that was obese and he had an amazing six pack and on top of that he was somewhat of an entrepreneur aspiring. So I knew I would bring something to the table business wise. I got you. I could mentor them business wise and he would teach me all the tricks on how to lose weight. And then I knew I was going to hit a wall. I joined CrossFit because I tried it once when I was really fat and I failed. I quit like after 10 minutes I walked out and I said I want to hit you know I want to hit the things that are the most difficult. Let me go back to what I failed that and conquer that. So I did a joint CrossFit too and I started doing all those crazy things that they have you do and it was working and then I started doing hit with the guy that was obese but then I knew I needed to get my nutrition and check. You know I knew that I was still doing bad at this point? No not at all not at all you know I eat whatever I'm told to eat whatever I programmed to eat. I was very fortunate to actually go on a bulk during the pandemic. So there's my first time going on a bulk because I it's impossible really to gain muscle while you're losing 120 of course. I did it but I didn't really gain the amount of muscle that I really wanted like in my legs and my back and my chest. So I was able to kind of go on my first real proper bulk this time which was kind of fun. So I found the nutritionist online that was from overseas and he was obese and he did his own transformation and I said this is a guy that can relate to me and he was young and I remember he had a tattoo on his arm. Has a tattoo that said million it right on his forearm and I said are you a million it says no man I want to be. I said tell you what if you help me do my transformation I'll help people become a million. So we you know we worked together a nice deal and now we worked together now in our business so it's kind of awesome. So I assembled a nice small team and then I had another trainer buddy of mine that I met through my barber who also wanted to be like a trainer. He wasn't really a trainer but he had an incredible physique and he used to play for the match but he hurt himself so he wasn't able to kind of play professionally and but he had an awesome physique he never competed before. And so I was I encouraged him to actually compete and he won his first competition while training him. So what was his name? His name is Ed. So he's an NPC here in New York City. So Ed Pania. So he's in the documentary. Yeah, he's a yeah. So now how long does this whole transformation take place? And how long does take you to lose all that weight? It took me nine months you know nine months to lose the weight and honestly and then I went into a surgery to get rid of the loose skin and then you're supposed to take a year to recover from that but I actually just took a month and then went back to the gym even when I had the blood bulbs collecting my blood I was working out and I was able to kind of heal myself enough to continue working out and then just you know going to a cutting phase and just get a nice thing. Why don't they want you to work out for a whole year after you get a skin reduction surgery? Well first of all you're you're you're cut up. You're wholly tire waste from you know the entire circumference it's they basically cut the loose skin like a long shirt. How much loose skin did you have a lot? I had quite a bit in the documentary I actually pull it and stretch it out. I'm sure it'll be good. I'm sure how much I have it was it was quite a bit and you know your chest your stomach so there was a lot to cut off but you know you're basically if you you can't even lift your arms up because you can pull out the stitch. Wait you're right when you hot will you horrified when you were losing all the weight and you saw all the skin was that was that discouraging for you like you never look at us. I was thinking to myself it's not gonna be me it's not gonna be me I'm not gonna be one of those guys and then when I got to 10% body fat I said oh man it has to be addressed you know when they took that skin off how much weight can do lose just from the skin being removed. I think it was like maybe four pounds three four five that's a lot. Yeah yeah yeah you know and you know what they tell you when you're recovering the doctor said no diet no no structure you gotta eat like you you were 350 pounds they said McDonald's Burger King passed the time. Why would they call you that? They tell you that because you're burning over 3,000 calories a day just in recovering they said basically you're running a marathon and it really was the case I actually had to eat like a maniac and I didn't put on any weight it was really that I think I think a lot of that eating helped me recover a lot quicker and and be able to kind of bounce back you know I think a lot of people would have went the opposite route and I'm sure you could have eaten clean and eat a lot of food too if you wanted to I mean it's kind of weird I'm telling you know it's like telling the heroin that it takes him heroin while you're recovering from this this well you know even in bodybuilding you know you you want to kind of make those meals short and dense and caloric you know so there's only so much the stomach at handle right so you can you can accomplish a lot with a nice cheeseburger hey look on the cheeseburger guy so you're talking to the choir yeah so you recover a year recovery doing a month you're back in the gym and at what now at what point do you say you say this up okay I'm happy with how I look I wasn't you know you have body dysmorphia I didn't know I looked incredible until two days before my competition you know it was funny because I would do a lot of jump rope a lot and I would have to do it in front of the mirror because if I didn't do it in front of the mirror I would run out of breath after five jumps psychologically I still sort of myself and saw myself so my trainer at the time said wait a minute it's standing in front of the mirror then all of a sudden I'm like okay I can do this you know so like and I'm jumping for 10 15 minutes so it's a big difference so you have all this so even up until like two days before the competition I was still shy to take off my shirt I really didn't think I would look good so we did a video shoot and a family photo shoot and the gym it meant had a real fancy gym took off my shirt I was shy about it and then he showed me the footage on his camera what he just did and I was doing some sort of battle rope thing I saw a muscle bulging out of everywhere I said man that's me I said oh my god I did it you know and that was like the first time that in two days later I stepped on stage you know that gave me the confidence to say I got this you ever see yourself regressing back to the heavy guy again no way you know I have such a good grip on nutrition I have such good goals and you know that's why I tied the business component to this transformation you know our company radical body transformation is I'm very lucky and bless I mess my met James you know by happenstance you know he had a show on Amazon Brunn called radical body transformation and it says submit your story maybe you'll be on the show I submitted my story and he loved it and he flew down the next day it said Anthony I've never seen a transformation like you're in my life I've been in the industry so long why don't we partner together and why don't you you know we do big things and I said man that's that's great idea I says I'm kind of retired I love to see my teeth in the physics and if I have a business it's going to keep me solid it's going to keep me on this path you know so now that's it you know it's business it's health it's success it's all encompass and I want to really be an example you know I set a lot of things in the documentary I get 500 to 1000 messages a day from fans wow I was speaking it's like the obesity whisper I was speaking to people that you know that's struggle that's strong you'd be surprised at moms that are reach out to me and you know they're like I'm tired of taking pictures hiding my fat with my children in front of me bending over like this all these tricks that they they they they understood what I was saying right what year did I mean um what year did you set L your business because you sold it before you started this transformation right I sold it before I started I sold it like a year before and that was making things work worse I was smoking cigars I was eating I'm just just hanging out you know and really do a board bench you're a board yeah yeah and it was just I wasn't doing anything in my wife's like what's your excuse now right right right right right right right right right you know so you know it was just I started looking at other I was going to get into this business where it was like involving food and and shapes and you know bad food and stuff that's how much I was really into food wow so you know I was going down a dark path yeah wasn't really it wasn't really right got you now your house is incredible in Brooklyn and people don't know anything about Brooklyn or New York City real estate there is ridiculous expansion this house is just phenomenal we'll put up some video in some pictures but um how did people contact you to actually use your your house in videos because they know 50 centid a video there yeah yeah yeah how does celebrities um you know what happened was I started an entertainment company because in my company a lot of people wanted to do a reality show you always have I was on the show called Million About a Listing so a lot of people you know I had all this entertainment stuff happening around me and then of course my daughter she's an actress you know she's a very busy actress she's four and a half now she's done like 50 acting jobs she actually has the file tattooed busy you say like she's 30 years old yeah so so we started an entertainment company and started investing in small films and large films and so it just comes to you out there you know in real estate you start working with celebrities showing them how homes selling them homes leasing them homes and so the word was out and you meet enough producers and and directors and showrunners they say I know a guy named Anthony he has a nice house you know so I had the roles Royce I had the nice house and I had all the things so next you know music videos movies short films everything I'm surprised you let people come in your house and film in there until you know it's that's kind of like your sanctuary sort of spirit yeah yeah but I love that you know I know that I was building a lot of context and connects for the future and and all those relationships were very grateful very solid um and we always had you know they always cleaned up they had insurance and all that kind of stuff so it was kind of cool where do you go when they're filming in your house a lot of times they would put me like in the scenes or behind the scenes or I would just watch it you know I just wanted to be around it I'm not saying would you you have to move out of the house for a week or so when they fall no no not at all not at all the shoots would you know we'd be here and they would they would work around whatever we had going on so we're pretty laid back people yeah yeah that that look it's it's fine you know it brings I'm sure your kids love the turret oh yeah they love it now when people like you know 50 cent come at your house and you're interacting with these guys do you do business with them or is it kind of just like yeah you know a lot of the celebrities you know they they want the right guidance you know they have a lot of people around them that are good at what they do but they don't really have a good investor business minded person it takes a real skill set to invest in real estate and these people don't want to manage it they don't want to run it so they want to invest in things that are hands-free and that can pay them dividends without headaches because you know there's really no type of investment that's going to beat somebody that's making millions of dollars on a record deal I don't care how good you are as an investor a lot of these investments are are slow and steady and stable investments but that that balloon and explode into big things five years to 10 years down the road and also pay your dividends along the way but you know you need to know how to pick and choose the right ones looking look at vitamin water wouldn't fit for 50 cent right yeah you know you need a fortune now your home gym okay well I asked you before the show I said you know what did you do during this whole you know the quarantine because new York City had all their gyms closed for months and months and you tell me you took out the entertainment center in your basement with the your pool table lots of and you've replaced it with a gym was that yeah that had to be the finals like straw you you know you you throw out the old life and you're bringing the new life I mean I have to imagine right it was it was it was it was first of all it was so difficult to get gym equipment during the pandemic yeah dumbbells good luck you know it's like that was like you know it was like you found dumbbell for a thousand bucks at that time I know what did you where did you buy what equipment did you put in there so I bought a Smith machine you know I bought a dumbbell set from five to 150 pound dumbbells I bought you know dip a dip bar a chip machine leg extension hacksquat preacher curl in the right client bench the meat and potato stuff you know I was able to deadlift and do all that kind of stuff and I was very lucky because it's funny my partner Carlos was in New Jersey and he passed by one of these fitness equipment centers and it said close nobody coming in so he looked through the window and he saw somebody knocked on the window and he said because I was struggling to find this equipment right knocked on the window the guy comes he says we're not we're close we're not taking anything we're also booked like you you know we we don't have anything until like months because of the pandemic and he said well you know my partner Anthony Lali this is Anthony Lali I used to work to that man five years ago oh my god and he changed my life he told me how to sell it I got this God this gig here I managed all these chain stores he said for Anthony Lali I'm gonna get him the equipment wow you're like a crazy coincidence where they actually gave us like the showroom equipment and delivered it and all that kind of stuff so I was lucky because otherwise I had to wait three four months that you know that's called the vine intervention but you think yeah yeah yeah it's funny because I was on the phone with him my partner Carlos he was driving in Jersey on the highway and I was like I have no luck there's so many ways and he turned he said wait a minute there's like a fitness center right here I'm gonna see what's going on oh my god it's just like crazy and you just happened to train that guy that's that's incredible yeah that's an incredible story so now all right look you're a guy that likes a lot of highs I mean you that's what makes you excited about life you've achieved your physique okay you've got the six pack you know you got obviously all the money you could ever want in life at this point I mean obviously you're a young guy you're going to still invest the business what what what floats you're about now what's the next the next move for you that's going to keep you just as excited as you were before um this business venture I'm doing with James and Carlos with radical body transformation we're really taking a fresh perspective to the fitness industry because I'm really an outsider I'm new to this so you know I'm kind of working with the general population you know I'm bringing the general public who thought that this is really a close community and it's really open you'd be surprised how many people in body building and in fitness embrace and welcome new people and your faces as long as you're willing to put in the work and as long as you understand that you have to have nutrition I get so many gym owners and trainers and nutritionists they say I make my clients watch your documentary because you're teaching the basic foundations you need a coach you need a nutritionist and you need a training you have to have those things so and then also people that do shows they write to me all the time they're like man you know now I've made my family watch this because they thought I was crazy about doing shows and now they're all embracing me and they understand what it's like to do a bodybuilding show behind the scenes and normal people do it and it's can be very popular it's not just for the people that just want these crazy big bodies it's for everybody yeah absolutely and and I encourage people that the documentary is from Fat Lally to Six Packs Lally and you can know the it's going to be on Amazon it's on Amazon Prime I watch it on Amazon Prime it's Amazon Prime it's ranking as the number one fitness documentary it's ranking as the number one documentary to watch on Amazon so it was it was it was it was it was a great watch and I'm not even done watching it I got to watch the end of it but it was it was it was real and I think people could relate to it because you you were a guy who was so successful in life and in making money but you were like a dummy when he came to how to take care of your body and that's why I think people can relate to it because here you are is the sky who's like controlling all these people and and has all this money and power and yet you're helpless to help yourself and it's and it's humbling and I think that's where the the endearing aspect of the documentary comes from yeah you know I talk about it at the end of the documentary you know obesity can can get anyone the richest or the poorest doesn't matter remember the nine times that I failed I still had money I just didn't put the work into it you know and honestly I didn't spend an incredible amount of money I hired my local Jim like you don't have to be a millionaire to join crossfit or join a jam or this free information online too you know you may want to show that every day and you can get the motivation and the tool set it's whether you want to do it inside or not exactly and you know even nutritionists and coaches and stuff like that you don't break the bank with those now everybody has stepped on stage with was not a millionaire and I don't have coaches and nutritionists so you know if you really want to do it you can do it and that's this we kind of created the system now that's like for the everyday joe through our company just like to eliminate the excuse you just if you want to change your life you can do it I get more pleasure to tell you the truth out of helping guys like yourself and women also in the same boat I love the transformation aspect of it because you know if these people are so grateful to you and they're such great referers to other people because they're not expecting to win the Mr. Olympia they just want to look good and look better and be healthy and go to the doctor and have the doctor say wow your health markers are good you look great you did a great job that that to me gives me more pleasure okay and more satisfaction than helping some guy win the Mr. Olympia competition although that's exciting too obviously but but I get more satisfaction at helping people make big transformations well you think about it you take a regular person that's competing in body building and they're on stage they're lucky if their girlfriend or their husband shows up right you take a transformation person the aunt the mom you know the boss from work everyone's there cheering them on supporting them right so there's a huge audience for transformation now a lot of the federations are now incorporating transformation into their body building because it's a really feel good stuff yeah now it might be a good it might be good to have a division of transformations division yeah it really is I mean honestly that's the division I competed with in the WBFF okay and there's I had five other transformation divisions to compete in except COVID came but I was really looking to keep in some of them or Europe some of them are in California so there is it's really growing by popular demand right when you would watch that show the biggest loser on TV did you ever have an an inkling to do that show you know first of all they quarantine you for a couple weeks and you know that just shows you how difficult it is you know people say you know you need you know he was a millionaire these people first of all not all them had money and they they're quarantined they have a coach nutritionist a chef a trainer you can't go anywhere there's no snacks and they still fail yeah it's amazing right yeah you know I mean that's how hard it is without you know the right guidance and there and so you know apparently it's just within the person to really want to write well Anthony I want to thank you so much for coming on the show and sharing your story with our audience and I think it's very inspirational I think you're you know you've done it all now so you kind of can see lies from every different perspective and I think that that makes you a much more realistic you know role model for a lot of people and you know I appreciate you taking time and coming on the show I know you know you're an avid watcher of of our muscle and I appreciate the support absolutely I appreciate all the content you play yeah I love to do something with you the future maybe from day one you know and the big fan of yours since day one and and I'm an even bigger fan now maybe maybe we could do some kind of like a joint venture where we do like a sponsored transformation on our muscle using your company or something like that and and yeah and given out some prizes to some of our viewers and something that who maybe want to do a trip I used to do a transformation challenge years ago when I was with Muscle Development MHP was the sponsor but we would take like five or six guys and I would coach him for free using my system and we were using MHP products because they were the sponsor at the time and we actually had some amazing transformations and I'm still friends with a lot of these people that that we have been in life changing I love to and amazing okay that's all about that all right guys that's going to take us to the end of another episode of live with on day polo and ball for Anthony Lali we'll see you next time