My name is Tau Amini and I am the CEO and founder of Ulysses. The protein, bakery with low sugar, ketogenic and high protein in each and every item. I specialize in making brownies, cookies and cupcakes. As of 2021, we will have the variety of traditional, gluten-free and protein to choose from of every product. Check us out at www.Ulyssesbapyru.com. And then also check us out on our donation by the word. All proceedings will go to the wheelchair bodybuilding community with your order. Thank you for checking us out. Take care. Welcome back to another RX muscle spotlight. Today's guest, man I've known for quite a number of years. You follow Facebook and bodybuilding. You've probably seen them on the air. You've just wrote a book too. We're going to talk about that. Tau to pay it. Welcome to the show. Thanks Dave. It's a real pleasure to be here. And Tyler, my producer loves your black, your blue sky. You have behind you. It says it's beautiful. That's nice. Thanks. You want to make sure that your body pops. I said, you got to make sure the lighting is perfect. That's exactly right. Tau, how long have you been training for now? It's been about 40 years now. That's getting close to it about 33 years. And you know what? The thing that really amazes me is that you still have that drive and passion to get to the gym and try to be better than you were before and compete. A lot of guys just can't sustain that. Or their bodies at least can't sustain it that long. What do you think is your secret to your success? I think part of it was in my 30s, I'd noticed a lot of the fellows that were a few years older than me had really started kind of dropping like flies due to injuries. Yeah. And I realized that you had to start listening to your body, which meant maybe it meant going lighter once and a while. Maybe you're not squatting or deadlifting anymore. Like if you look at Dexter Jackson as his career progressed, he definitely changed the way he trained over time. And then there's a genetic component as well, I think. Sure. Now how old are you right now? I think I'm the same vintage as you. I'm 52. I'm 53. You're a little older than you. But we're in the same age category as you like that. I like to say now, you have obviously been competing a lot. You have a very good story. Good enough story. You actually wrote a book about it. I remember you wrote a screenplay a number of years ago. You had sent it to me. Give me the premise of the story and why you felt you needed to put it on paper. Well, I started writing it really just as something that was cathartic. I wrote it for myself. I really didn't expect it to do anything. And then I'd mentioned to a couple of friends. I'm writing this book. They wanted to take a look at it and the feedback was tremendous. This is a great story. This could help people. I thought at first that they were being polite. Just like you would take your kids drawing and putting on the fridge and say, wow, that's fantastic. I just thought they were being nice, but the more people I spoke to, the more they said that my story really spoke to them because a lot of people have challenges in life. So I just kept going and then started shopping it with different publishers. And it took about four and a half years, but got it published. You're, I'll give you this. You're very persistent. So I mean, I think that's part of your success. It's just stubbornness. And you're, look, you're not going to fail. You're going to keep going and going to succeed. And that's been a story of life. Give us, give us your stories. What's the premise of the book? Tell us what you've overcome because I think people can get sucked into that story. They're going to want to read the book once you kind of tell them what it's about. Sure. Well, it really started off when I was quite young. I was five years old and my father had a pretty substantial drinking problem. And she decided at one point that in a bit of a drunken stupor that he should take his own life. And unfortunately, that next morning I discovered his body. And when you're five years old and you find your father after he commits suicide, it's going to affect you. And it's going to affect the way you're wired. And everything changed from that point on for me. And I never felt normal or like the other kids. And I had, this was in the 70s, like 1974. People didn't talk about anything. They just brushed you under the rug and. No way you go. I was in school the next day. So by the time I was in my teens, I was pretty messed up. And my mother didn't know what to do with me anymore. She did her best. But she basically said, kids, time for you to go. And so I found myself homeless. And I was 16. Wow. And you must have been pretty good. So if you're about to kick the house in 16. Well, I just wasn't listening and she didn't know what to do with me anymore. Were you getting in trouble to the point where you were getting arrested in stuff like that? Nothing like that. But I wasn't going to school. I wasn't listening. And she really didn't know what to do. What were you doing during the day? If you weren't going to school, we were hanging out with friends and doing drugs. And what were you doing? Yeah, no drugs. But definitely hanging out and trying to get in as much trouble as I could. I didn't have a lot of respect for anybody or anything at that time. So what was the, what changed you? What was the, well, I had done. I discovered bodybuilding after reading Arnold's book education of a bodybuilder when I was about 18. And that really helped me have some purpose. But unfortunately as I got older, and I think this happens to a lot of us in bodybuilding that we become so focused on just the bodybuilding. I had thought at that point that it would be kind of the end all cure all to all my problems all my demons. Right. If I could only win this show and do that. And so I just, I just spiral down to a point of not tearing. And you know, if you hang out with the wrong people long enough and start doing the wrong things, you find yourself in a bad way. And I, I spiraled all the way down to all, found myself incarcerated. So what, what did you do that you got like that for? Well, I was training a bunch of fellows that were pretty connected individuals. They started at giving me little jobs to do and they asked me to deliver a package. And I delivered this package. I didn't ask what was in it. I didn't care. To be honest, I really didn't care, but it turned out to be about $50,000 worth of mess. Oh my God. Oh, I was always sure. And I got busted with that because one of the fellows turned out to be an informant. Oh, so I got, yeah, I got pulled over about a walk away from my house. And it was very quickly escorted. Oh my God. How long is that point? I was in my early 40s at that point. Oh, so this is, oh, this is much later than you were already. Yeah, yeah, much later. Wow. And yeah, it was, but that was the turning point because, you know, like, so you really wasn't. And so you were really pretty messed up for most of your life. I mean, you know, is what you're saying. And this is all you trace it all back to the death of your dad. When you were five, when you were five years old and you found him, you know, it's funny. It's not funny. It's actually very sad, but a very close friend of mine, Cole Hansik. I was very good friends with his father died of something heart related at about 33 years of age. And this kid called his son was embedded with him and found them dead in the morning. I mean, he didn't commit suicide, but he was dead. And it messed up his life. Became drug addict. Always, you know, heroin on and off. And just recently, he passed on fortunately. And a lot of people in the body building, community knew him because he got into body building everything. But he couldn't, he couldn't pull himself out of it. You know, and a lot of stories we hear like that were got people could just not get past that trauma that they, you know, suffered earlier in life. And it took you a long time. So what did 40 years old would that go in a jail? Was that the bottom line for you? That was it. That was it. I mean, I was doing well in competition, but my, you know, my vision had become so skewed as to what really was important in life. So I had a decision to make at that point. It was either roll over and die or fight, you know, and I decided to fight. And, you know, body building, where it almost kind of destroyed me now saved me because it was my, it was my sanity to go into train in this world so much. Doesn't make sense. But you walk into a gym. There's 200 pounds. You can either lift it or you can't. You know, it's black, it's very black and white. So I just slowly slowly started to rebuild everything. But the thing that was the most important was that I learned that I had to be accountable. Okay. What happened as a child? That was horrible. Being kicked out. That was horrible. But every decision passed that I made that decision. You have, you have to own it. And once you own that number one, people can't weaponize it against you. And number two, it's freeing because you have to say, yeah, I did that. Now I need to be better. And that's the toughest thing because in our society, we tend to be nowadays. You see a lot of people, very sort of victim mentality, nothing's their fault. But really bad things happen, everyone. Yeah. How you deal with them? How you deal with them is up to you. Yeah. No, I mean, I can relate to that, you know, I, what the jail obviously for, you know, selling drugs and, you know, and I had to deal with it and accept it. And when I got out, I decided that wasn't going to be something I was going to do anymore. And I moved on and I, you know, I made myself a more productive person. But I can relate to that 100% and ask you, when you're in jail, how much time do you went up doing? Did you actually have to serve time? I did have to serve a little bit of time. But I was very fortunate. I had a very good lawyer. And I was there for only a couple of months. But it was a couple of months in the maximum security. Oh, you don't want to do that. That's not what I'm. No way. No. No. Because of who I was associated with, they, they took no chances. So I was in lockdown 23 hours a day. It was, uh, that's crazy. It's an interesting, interesting experience that gives you a lot of time to think. Sure. Now, we're doing like 6,000 pushups a day. How are you dealing with that? Pushups like they didn't let us use the weights very often. So it was pushups. I was trying to do chins off the end of my bed. Body weight squat, crunches. What have, yeah. Yeah. But it's hard to treat. It's hard to train on baloney sandwiches. Absolutely, balay, man. Yeah. That's the thing. You know, it's funny. When I was in there, I was in a federal prison. It was, it was like summer camp compared to what you were in. But you're, like when you're only in for a couple of months. Now, when you got out, I mean, now what do you do? Because you're, I, when you, you actually, are you a convicted felonel? Is that something that you have on your record? Yeah, I was, I was convicted. It took years actually. It went through the courts for about five years. Right. And I was very fortunate because in that five years, I took a, you know, a lot of positive steps. So by the time we had the trial, even though I was convicted, the judge felt I was better off in society. So I had two years of house arrest and then I did a lot of speaking, speaking to youth groups and that sort of thing. So it actually worked out. I was very lucky, very blessed indeed. Explain what the term shoulder down means. Because that's the name of your book. And I know that was very important to you. And, or, you know, I think it was a sports coach here as I told you that. That's right. In, I had a coach in junior high name, Sid Prisansky, who was just an absolute jewel of a person. And one day I was playing basketball, basketball practice. And we were doing one on one drills and this kid, he was a little older and bigger than me. And he kept pushing me away from the hoop. And I'm throwing up these horrible shots. And, you know, the coach looks at me because Todd, what are you doing? And I go, wow, coach, you want to let me get anywhere close to the hoop. And he said, let me show you. You got to put your shoulder down and you got to take the space. You got to own it. So you throw a fake. He goes through the fake. He's put your shoulder down and you go through him. You don't give him a choice. You put that shoulder down and you go. And I tried it and it worked. And that just resonated with me in life for many years. And I remember sitting in that jail cell. And here in Coach K's voice, say to me, okay, now you need to put your shoulder down. You have to move forward. You get through the obstacle. You don't stop. It was a great lesson. He was a fantastic man. I still talk to him today. Wow, that's cool. That's cool that you still talk to him. Yeah, and I think he's talking to that coach. Not many people's coaches are still alive. But you're not such an array. You know, yeah, no kidding. So now you decided to get back to competition, obviously, which is probably was pretty hard initially. You placed fourth at the Navi universe last year. Are you still going? Are you still trying to win that master's universe? Is that still the goal? You know, I'd like to. And the reason is when I was a kid and I read that book that Arnold wrote, he really spoke a lot about the universe and what it meant to win it. And the universe title to the average person is a title that is recognized. Even though the limpias, the highest you can go, the average person has heard of them history universe. And I just, I love the history of it. And so I've been invited to England this year to compete in a universe. I made do some IFB shows before that as the season is coming up as long as the they actually have the shows. So I still enjoy competing. But the reasons are a lot different now. Now it's more about the challenge and keeping myself motivated and showing people that, you know, 45, 50 years old is not necessarily a death sentence to your training and you can still keep going. Yeah, I think I tell people, I said, look, I don't have no desire to compete because I'm not improving anymore. But I still train. You know, my wife's like, how do you do it? Because we're so busy with work and we have three kids. And by the time the 11 o'clock at night rolls around, you know, she's exhausted. She's sleeping a bit. I'm in the, I'm in my game room with, I don't have a lot of weights, but I have enough to do my thing. And I work out, you know, four or five days a week because I feel good doing that. And that's part of the whole mindset. You know, if you love what you do, you're always doing it. And I think a lot of people don't love it that much and they do it because they wanted validation or it made them feel good about themselves. But they didn't really love it. And if you, if you love it, you'll never stop. That's what I tell people exactly exactly how. And I still get as excited about a good workout now. As I did when I was 18 years old, you know, look at the pump. Look at the arms. Look at the arms. So, you still get, look, you know, I'm very impressed. You still have an awesome physique, you know, you really don't show your age at all. And, you know, Wednesday universe, what's the day? November 14th. All right, well, best to lock at that universe. You'll keep us updated. Where can people pick up the book shoulder down? It's available through Amazon in the United States, Canada. Okay. United Kingdom and Australia right now. And I'm sure the story is way more detailed than you get into all the great details in that book. So I haven't read the whole thing yet. But I want to implore people if you want to be motivated and you want to, you know, if you haven't a rough time in your life, this might be the book for you to pick up and my change your life. I appreciate that day very much. No, it's been a pleasure knowing you all these years. I'm going to talk about the time that you've been going to have a good time. Thank you. Thank you so much. All right, guys. And that's going to take us to the end of another episode of our Ex-Muscle Spotlight. I'm Dave Palombo. For Todd Payette. We'll see you next time.