Day Palomo here with another RX Muscle rant brought to you by RedCon1.com. Today's topic is a historical perspective of animal accelerates and all the counterfits that we've encountered over the years. You know, you guys, you millennials out there. I love to say that term. I think actually with this probably a younger generation of millennials, but the truth is that you guys don't really know how steroids came about. You know, back in the, even before my time in the 80s, you could actually go into a pharmacy with a prescribed regular prescription, like if you were picking up a prescription for antibiotics and by antibiotics, steroids. They had anivar, they had anodrol, DACA, wind shul tabs, and testosterone injections. As well as HGG. And guys were just going with prescriptions they get from their buddies who were doctors and no one cared because it was like picking up a vitamin C prescription basically. And no one solved the stuff. People just had their prescriptions went in and they got their stuff and no one really abused stuff back then because the dosages that people used back then were compared to what people used today. People would laugh at what the dosages were people used, you know, two to 400 million of DACA, they used 20 milligrams, maybe a bunch of shul tabs. They would take maybe one shot of testosterone away, you know, close to a show, you know, they would take anivar, maybe 15, 20 milligrams a day if you're a guy and now women are using that, like, to start off with. So it was a big, big difference back in the 80s. Once 1990 came about, okay, they passed the steroid control act, which made anabolic error as a control pre-substance, which means no one could go into the pharmacy and with the regular prescription anymore and get this stuff. It became scarce. People were panicking, they didn't had it, you know, body bills didn't have to get their, you know, gear. And so what they did was people started faking the gear, not necessarily the body bills, but there were people out there who exploited them. What they would do is they would try to exactly match the compounds that were being sold in the pharmacy. So if you had an anodoro 50 bottle that was a bottle in a box and it would have a red label from syntax, people would actually try to duplicate. And I remember this was before really the internet was around. So you couldn't just go on your computer and print up a label. It wasn't that easy. How to go and get a mage from a label maker. But people would do this. And what what happened, what was happening to the body bills is we would become like, sure, I told them to detectives. You'd have to get like, you're magnifying glass out and you'd have to find the imperfection in the label. The biggest mistake they would made was rather than stamping on the expiration dates and a lot of numbers, which is what the way it normally would be done. Because they would just print it with the label. So if you lick the expiration date, it should smudge it wouldn't smudge it and it would be like part of the label and you'd know that was a big one. That was a big one that was easy, easily caught. The other thing that would happen was sometimes the labels on the anodoro bottle would be rounded and they were supposed to be sharp, you know, right angles. They would do the pamphlet inserts were a big one too because they couldn't get the right paper because most pamphlet inserts are made of an attissuary paper. They would use regular life, you know, I just photocopy paper and they would print the exact insert but it would be on thick paper so when you fold it up, you'd actually, you could feel the difference in the paper wasn't tissuey. That was another way that you really could tell. So the tissue paper inserts and the stamped on expiration date, that was the number one in number two ways. And if you look at the original Bill of Well and Books, the anabolic books, they used to have the fakes and the reels and they tell you how to find it and say, if this doesn't match it, if it doesn't have this. And then as the 90s progressed and they got more sophisticated and producing these fakes, what they started doing is putting holograms on the box, it's because those were almost impossible to to fake and you could actually verify lots on websites like Dankel had a website, you'd go on there and you check your lots and you see your hologram and you know it was good. And that was one of the first security measures that they made. Of course, as you got into the year 2000 and the internet became bigger and China started producing a lot of the raws and selling to the US people started making their own brands and nowadays it's all underground labs. So there's no way to tell. There's no real and faking more. No one's either, it's an underground version that's either good or it's not good. And some people don't even know if their stuff is good because they don't know what they're getting from China. It's good. No one is getting raw, raw powders from China and they're actually running a three HPLC and checking what the potency is and if it's the compound that's supposed to be. So they just put it in the bottles and they don't care and some people do know that this stuff isn't real. They might put test propaneate into a pre-rebole bottle because it's cheaper and they don't care what they need. A woman might use this in turn of self-interimant. They don't give a crap because they're just trying to make money. So how could you guys out there verify now? What do we do nowadays? Well Bill O'Reillywellen, who's been involved in the animal store, I guess you could say business for 25 years, identifying compounds, educating people. Just came out with his new book, Anobox, the 11th edition there. I have it at daypalomba.com. It's a tremendous reference book of everything about Anobox. You could possibly want to know. He came out with these right test kits that I also sell exclusively on daypalomba.com. And once again, you could test your compounds to see if they're real and you see the chart that I have on there actually tells you what vials you need to buy to test all the different compounds. So look at the first line, boldenown there, which is aqua poise. If you want to test, see if your boldenown is good, you have to get the v in the devile. Then you follow the directions, I have some videos on how to do it. Then you go down to the next chart and you look for boldenown there. Keep going. Next chart. There it is. You look right at the top where it's boldenown. You'll see when you put it in different vials, the devile, it will turn from purple and in 10 to 20 seconds, 20 to 20 minutes, it will turn brown. If you match this up, you know your stuff is good. Now you have a way to verify if the stuff you're actually buying is real, which is something that we never had at our disposal in the past. I would have loved to have that in the early 90s when there was all those counterfits out there. There were guys who were using Wincheryl back then and it was actually armoroll. There were massive infections of people had in their legs and getting their muscles full of weight open. You know, what a lot of people, smart people did, at least I did. I know everyone stopped using American-made stuff and we went to Europe and we tried to get the stuff from Europe because everything was an individual ampules and you pretty much knew the stuff was good. There really was no fakes in Europe because at that point in the 90s it was all legal there. You could walk into a pharmacy and Spain and you could buy Wincheryl injectable, that effect three vials, three Wants to see vials of Zambon Wincheryl would be like two bucks. You know, you'd get a bottle of testosterone 250 milligrams in one at CC amp and it would cost you like a dollar fifty or something like that. And so that's everyone was just getting it from there and then they started buckling down in Europe and started following the U.S. as lead of making it harder and harder to get and it became much different more difficult. I remember 1996 when I went to Dubai before it looked like a divide this today. It was just a big desert basically but like a couple of maybe a hotel here or there. I was there with Mielo Sarschev and Laura Bass and we, you know, the amount of gear they had there was incredible because it wasn't illegal and they just were giving it to us and big shopping bags and stuff and I was like guys, I can't taste his home. I don't need this much. You know, even though it was cool to have it but that's, you know, how and I think in the Middle East it's still pretty easy to get, you know, you know, that's where a lot of people go there to train, especially at the oxygen gym that they have but it becomes a little more available and no one has to worry about the stigma of being arrested or that you're criminal using it. It's kind of like going to Colorado the smoke marijuana and you know, you kind of feel like well, right? I can do it every morning or if you go to Holland, you know, Amsterdam, you can kind of do whatever you want to, drugs or legal there as well. So, you know, the history of antibiotics that are used is just really evolved with the times and the laws that they've made and once again, there's always some kind of shitheads here at there are Charlton or frauds, frauds, or trying to make a buckle off of people who are trying to get something that they need and look, I guess take home message here is that you have to be an informed user. If you're going to use antibiotics, steroids, you got to be safe about how you're using you have to understand how these things work but you also got to make sure that what you're using is real because the worst thing you can possibly do would be to use fake stuff because number one, you're wasting your money, okay? Number two, you could be jeopardizing health. Number three, you're not going to get any results, okay? So, if you use the fake stuff for a year because you would too cheap to buy a testing kit on a, you know, a right testing kit where you just would too lazy, you know, shame on you because you just waste all that time and money and set yourself back, you know, all that time that you could have been making progress. So, guys, be smart, be informed, you know, these are the times we're living in, it is what it is, underground steroids are here that I've gone away for any time soon. Make sure you test your product, make sure what you're using is real. I hope you guys enjoyed the little historical perspective I gave you. If you liked these videos, make sure you click below and show us the love and turn on your notifications. I'm Dave Palumba with another RX muscle rant.