I'm Dave Palombo, founder of Species Nutrition. I created Species Nutrition with one mission in mind. To provide body builders and serious athletes with no nonsense supplements that work and are backed by science. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body and that lives on in the Species Nutrition line of products. We use only top of the line formulations that are stosed from maximum results and the best flavoring systems available. I've put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition products. If you want to be your absolute best join the evolution. Day Palombo with another RX muscle rant. Today's topic we're going to talk about is HRT Home Run replacement therapy. A lot of people ask me, hey Dave, is this something healthy that you can take and long term? If I take it long term and I replace what I naturally produce, is it the same? Am I going to have the same health benefits? Am I going to feel better? Are there things to worry about? And you know why? If I would have answered this question 10 years ago, 15 years ago, 20 years ago, I would have told you if you replace your total testosterone, let's say your natural total testosterone, we say a natural high level is 850, whereas the low level is 250. So we try to get, when we replace testosterone, we try to get it into the 850 around that range, the high normal range. If we replace it, and we give you 150 milligrams, 200 milligrams testosterone a week of a long-acting injectable, like say testosterone, sipping aid or an antheid, and we get it up into that range. You would think that you would be restoring what you naturally produced and you'd have the same, you know, body chemistry. But just like when you take insulin, okay, as a type one diabetic, because you produce no insulin in your pancreas, you take it to replace it, you don't quite get the same physiological, okay, effects. What do I mean by that? I mean, things happen differently. When you inject insulin versus it being produced in your pancreas, you're fighting the antagonistic hormone glucogone, which is constantly being released every time you take an insulin injection, you get a pharmacological type of effect. And a lot of people notice who take who are type one diabetic, they build muscle a little easier for some reason, because they're taking an exogenous source, if it's the one that you want to have taken more than they would normally naturally produce. Same thing with testosterone. What I find is that what I found, at least over the years is that I've done antibiotics, I've done hormone replacement for 10 years, and now I've been off hormone replacement for five years or more now, and I notice a difference. My blood pressure is not as high off of hormone replacement. I'm natural now, as natural as you can get, I guess you could say. I take my testolized product, just to balance my DHT estrogen and testosterone levels, but I'm not taking anything, I'm not taking a source of testosterone, I'm working with my natural levels. But I notice my blood pressure is naturally lower. My lab results are all normal, meaning that my HGLs, which is the good cholesterol, is high, it's not low anymore. My red blood cells are in the normal high range, but they're not higher than they should be. Once again, your on HRT, even though your levels are on the normal range, you're notice we're noticing low HDLs, we're noticing high red blood cells, hematocrit, which is the thickness of the blood and how many red blood cells are in there. We're seeing differences, we're seeing higher blood pressures. People seem to have to take blood pressure medications on hormone replacement values. They don't tell you this. There's nothing wrong with that, but you have to be aware that if you want to restore your hormone levels to the high levels, they were when you were younger, there is side effects associated with an exogenous source of them. You don't have normal body chemistry, things get altered when you're taking an exogenous, which means an outside source versus producing it naturally. I'm lucky in the sense that my body naturally produces higher testosterone levels. It's not what it was when I was younger, of course. I'm sure when I was younger, I was probably very high in normal. Now I'm mid-range, I'm like 500, okay, as opposed to 850. I'm 5500, I feel good, okay? Once again, I like the way I feel because my other body chemistry is normal. I don't feel paranoid about high-iving higher liver enzymes, about my creatine is much lower. I mean, at some point when I was on HRT, my creatine was, I would consider high. It was like 1.8 or something like that. I noticed it had crept up that high. I don't even know why. I wasn't doing cycles or anything. And when I went off their HRT, and I did all my liver cleanses and kidney cleanses and detoxes and all that stuff, and brought my protein and take down. Now, I'm almost like normal. creatine is completely gone back to normal. And I attribute to a lot of the old things I did, including the supplements and the kidney stuff I used. But also to the fact that I'm not on HRT, I think HRT raises certain blood markers of things. Now, whether that's good or bad or it's an artifact of what happens, we don't really know for sure. But I'll tell you this, I do feel different on hormone, I don't feel as aggressive. I don't feel like I can do muscle as easily as when I was on HRT. But I'm not holding as much fluid either. I noticed that my subcutaneous fluid that I was holding in that could be one of my blood pressures lower is less. I see it my face. I looked back at the pictures. I had a little bit, my face is much leaner now and drier. I'm not on hold as much subcutaneous fluid. And I think that's because when you take an exogenous source of testosterone, just like when you take an exogenous source of estrogen and progesterone for women who take the pill, they tend to hold a little more fluid as well. So these are things that don't tell you, okay? They don't really warn you for this stuff. And so you have to be aware of it. You're gonna have blood markers that are different. You're gonna look different. You're gonna feel a little different. And once again, some of the stuff that you feel is better, I mean, you have a heightened sex drive probably on HRT. You have a better strength and recovery from you workout. So those are benefits. But then you have to also look at the negatives. If you're prone to certain high blood pressure, for instance, or blood clot, you have to really watch your red blood cell count. You have to watch your blood pressure. You gotta take it and if blood pressure's high, you gotta keep it high on your creatine and B-U-N that your kidney function to make sure your kidneys are not being overtax. And as you get older, these things are more important. When you're younger and you're doing this, it doesn't really, you body's very resilient. As you get older though, you become more prone to having problems with floods, or having problems with getting anger reasons if your blood pressure's too high. So, and then of course, if your LDLs are too high and your HDLs are too low, you can get blood, you know, like a blockages in your coronary arteries. So to answer the question, there's no simple answer. And so what I think a lot of people have to understand is that when people give you definitive to these doctors or these supposedly, you know, hormone replacement clinic people, you have to do a lot of your own research. The reason I like tight medical over there is because, and that's why I work with them is because they take this all into account. They don't just take your blood. Say, okay, here's your prescription. They look at all your markers. They see if one person per se is having higher values of creatine, their blood pressure's running. They're looking at the blood markers and if they're not good, they're not going to give you the prescription. They're going to tell you, let's get these values down and guess what, here's how you're going to do it and get it down. And once we do it, then we can go back when we can revisit this. Because at the end of the day, we're doing hormone replacement to feel good but to the healthy as well, to live a longer life. We want to live our better quality of life. Now, I know people that just don't produce testosterone, whether it be because they're older now, okay, or because they took out of all of it, you know, for many years and they just never divided us, never turned back. Or because genetically, they just did, they're not programmed to produce high amounts, I don't know. And for them, they feel terrible because their levels are so low, you know, I don't have that problem. So I don't, I don't have to worry about. For those people taking a hormone replacement dosage is something that they need to do and is a good thing. The question is how much do you take? And that's when I'm over, that's where I'm going with this. How much HRT is, because everyone says well, 200, okay? Well, 200 milligrams per week, if I take 200 milligrams per week, my testosterone total testosterone will be 1500. That's crazy high. I know other people who take 200 milligrams per week and they can't even get up to 800, okay, on their total testosterone. Why? Well, because everyone's body responds to drugs differently. That's just the nature of the human beast, how our genetics play out. That's probably why I put muscle on, you know, more easily than other people, because I respond, look at Kevin LeRoni, you give him a nature RT, does it probably put on 50 pounds of muscle? So you have to see how your body works. So for someone like me, if I ever went back on HRT at some point in the future, I probably could take a, I could probably take 75 milligrams a week of testosterone, long active and be at very high, let normal levels, whereas someone else needs more. The more you take the more side effects, however you get. I know people say to me, hey, Dave, can I take 400 milligrams of testosterone in an antate a week and be healthy? Well, I don't know. Let's take it and see what happens. Form 400 milligrams a week is what I would call a pharmacological dose. Usually it's gonna take you over the age 50 value. If it doesn't, you're probably using bootleg testosterone that's not dose properly, in which case I would tell you, if you're not getting it from a legitimate clinic like Titan Medical, I would say you better go by the Roy test kits I sell on Daveelumber.com and the quantitative test. Now that we have both, you can test the testosterone to see if it's a legitimate, and then you can test using the quantitative test how much is in there. This way you know if you're a testosterone dose properly. These are all things you need to do and you need to get blood work to test your testosterone estrogen DHD levels. If you're on HRT and you're gonna plan on saying it for a long time, you're probably gonna take a product like test the liys as well because that's gonna balance those testosterone estrogen DHD levels in your body. Understand that each person is a separate entity. And each person has to look at these values and how much they need and what their blood markers are and what their levels are as an individual person, not as a group. We can't say, well this person does this and I know five people to take this amount and that's when I'm gonna take no because every person is different and processes these compounds differently. So, to summation and summation here, if you're gonna take HRT because you're low and you need it, okay, you have to understand that you have to figure out what the correct dosages, okay, because you're gonna be doing this long term. This is not a short term solution. And if you do decide to go off, you're gonna have to figure out a strategy so you can make sure that your testosterone is high enough that you feel good, that your health markers are good and that your estrogen and DHD are in check. And once you have all these things figured out for yourself, okay, congratulations because it's not gonna apply to anyone else. Remember, we're all individuals, we all have our own genetics, we have our genetic gifts and we have our genetic flaws, you have to figure out what your as are. And the only way you can do that properly is through blood work, I highly recommend you go to TitanMedicalCenter.com. They'll send you for blood work, they'll check you mark as the help advise you had it adjust the level so that you get them where you want. And if you wanna go on hormone replacement, it's up to you. And you make that decision and you do your diligence on yourself with working with a doctor to see what the optimal levels are. On day polo, with another Rx muscle ran.