I'm going to launch the tasty pastry with a low-carve cocktail. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning on day of car motor today. I've never had someone send you a text that makes you do a double take because you're not sure if you read it right. And then when you read it again you realize that you did read it right. So you just think, well they must have made a typo. Well that's what I did earlier today when someone texted me in videos up on Delabrada. Because since he won the Chicago Pro two weeks ago, he's allegedly already up 12 pounds on his rebound. We're going to hear the plan from Hunter's team is for him to push the food and the training hard for the next three weeks to see what his body does before. They start the back-off and gear things up for his Olympia prep between winning Chicago and finishing eighth and his Olympia debut last year. The bar already seems and possibly high heading into this year's show. Considering that he's pretty much shattered expectations over and over again and proving him on that eighth place slot might not be as crazy as you think. With things that the Tampa Pro set the kick off less than 48 hours from now, I've had a lot of people reaching out to me over the last few days to ask who I see as the favorite heading into the men's open. And to be honest, I'm not sure where I'm at with that yet. But I will say this, people might want to start thinking about Max Charles as a potential dark horse here. Max looked great two weeks ago in Chicago where he finished third behind Hunter La Brada and Brett Welkin. And truth be told, that's probably the best that Max has been since he placed third at the Chicago Pro last year. So now that he's had a few more days to tighten things up, it wouldn't be the biggest shock in the world. It became in with one of those vintage, max Charles performances and ended up walking out of there with the victory. Up to this point, I don't think we've talked about any of the athletes on the women's bodybuilding lineup for Tampa yet. So I figured this would be the perfect time to float a name out there for you to keep an eye on. Jada Beverly, she's moving up from women's physique, making her bodybuilding debut. And when we talked to her earlier this week, she told us that the combination of two knee surgeries during the off season and making the move up to bodybuilding made this the most challenging prep of her career. But she and her team believed that they have a real shock to make an impact in this lineup. It's been a really interesting year in women's bodybuilding so far in terms of who we've seen step up and make a name for themselves. So if we see that trend continue here in Tampa, she can easily end up being the next in line. I know that we're still a few weeks away from needing to dive deep into the Arnold Classic coverage, but what Brian Jones has been doing lately is too good not to share. Earlier this week, a source set me these behind the scenes videos of Brian training back and buys. And as far as I can tell, it looks like we might need to start mentioning his name in the conversations about potential winners there. For a lot of people, I think this fifth place finished at the Olympia last year was somewhat of a revelation, but at this point I think it should be pre obvious that it wasn't a flu. This guy is the real deal in every sense of the word and it keeps improving at this rate what we're seeing now won't even compare to what we could end up seeing a few years down the road. And that does it to yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning. And they pull on the O'Remining you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.