Day for Lumbo here with an RX muscle update, the Chicago Pro, Saturday night finals are out. And we have a new champion, Huntal Abraata. I don't know if a lot of people suspected that Hunter might sneak in there and knock off some of the big names, specifically really winked over who was, I think, the man to beat in this lineup, but Huntal Abraata surely believed it and he delivered all the goods plus some. I had in my prediction video, I said that Hunter was certainly going to be coming back with more muscle on his body. We know he's a consummate professional, like his dad was, conditioning is always spot on. The tan is always there. The presentation is there. He takes care of all the details that he has control over, which is an I always say this. conditioning, presentation, tan. You screw those up, you know what? You didn't do your homework. Lumbrodda does his homework and he did his homework here and you know what? That's what you need to do because we've said it a million times before conditioning wins shows. And conditioning one show here. Lumbrodda's got the tools set in the sense of he's got the structure, he's got the flow to his body. But he also has tremendous conditioning and how do you beat a guy with all those other attributes and the conditioning? And he's got more size than last year. So he came in here and I thought the only person in this line that would have been able to challenge him would have been a Rulli Winkler because Rulli is bigger and you know it really brought the conditioning. I figured that he would be able to you know stand next to Hunter and make them look not as good as we know he is. And what Rulli did was he came in here and he was I personally think he overdidied into this. I think he tried to bring his shape in a little too much, which is always a mistake with guys that are mass monsters because they give up what makes them special, the mass. And that's exactly what Rulli did. He came in here and if you look at the pictures he doesn't even look at that big. Librodda, I think everyone else in the top four, you know it looks bigger than him in this shot. Brett Wilken on the right, Max Charles, Hunter Librodda. I mean, you see a guy like Rulli Winkler get outsized at a show of this caliber. You have to say what's going on here, you know, something didn't go right. And I feel bad for him because he'd been waiting for the whole year after missing the Olympia because of COVID, you know, to come back here and exact retribution to stake his claim on, hey, I got a legitimate shot from Wendy Olympia and he has to sell for fifth place here. And this is a tremendous tremendous, you know, below, I think, to Rulli Winkler. And, you know, it's not anything taken away from him. He just was not the Rulli Winkler that we were used to seeing. But Librodda was everything and more. And I think that that right there alone tells you, you know, hey, you know what, this kid is special. He knows how to pick himself. He knows how to raise himself up for the big shows. And you know what happens when you do that, you win shows. And you know, it's, it's, you know, we always say, you know, we give these quaint little things about how, you know, conditioning win shows. And we say all of these funny things before the show. But the bottom line is at the end of the day, the guys that are in shape at the show do the best. And, you know, Hunter delivered in that sense. And I think that you have to, you know, you have to say that this guy has got to be a legitimate top, you know, six Olympians this year, possibly, because he is consistent. And I mean, if you look at the scorecards, I mean, the scorecard say it all straight first place is for Hunter Librodda, Brett Winkler who finished in the second position. I mean, that has to also be a little bit of a shocker, you know, because who expected Brett Winkler to come in here and be really winkler and beat some of these other guys in the line of it. And that's, we're going to talk about him in a minute, but I'm super, super impressed with what Hunter Librodda did here. And you know what, we all have to take our hat off to him. This guy is the real deal. And at the end of the day, you know, I know his dad has got to be super happy. You know, I love this shot, you know, with his father just kind of believing, you know, what father doesn't want to see this, you know, following their footsteps and be possibly, you know, potentially even have more potential than that. I mean, that would be, you know, as a dad and I know my father probably felt the same. And that's got to be, you know, something special. So, you know, congratulations all of the Broughtas. It was a well deserved victory. And I think he's going to be, I think he's going to be dangerous in the Olympia because of his consistency. And that, and that right there, says it all, because of his consistency, he will be dangerous. And you know what, you, you, you cannot discount, can sit, I mean, everyone always will branch Warren up, right on the Olympia stage. All the time it happened to him. It was like, it was like every year, you know, branch would show up and people would never talk about him. And then he would be up on that stage and be in great shape and be a freak and he would be guys that were just better than him. That's what LeBron is going to do for his whole career until he finally is the man to beat, so to speak, and maybe maybe we'll see him as being Mr. Olympia one year. It is a, it is a, it is a, definitely a possibility. I mean, he's got the, the mind set. He's got the, the, the breeding. Yeah. He's got the genetics. He's got the backing of his dad. I mean, when you have a family that, that is a, is a bodybuilding family. I mean, how much better is going to get to that? I mean, right? Most of us had parents that don't know anything about body, my father's not like the nobody building, you know, I was like, you know, he would tell me, bring home the, the HST, but I want to be a HST. Not that he wasn't supportive. He just didn't understand the sport, you know, and that's the way it goes, you know, and unfortunately, that's a lot of our parents, but, you know, LeBron has got that grooming. It's like the kid who was on the soccer team and his dad was the coach. I mean, he's been playing soccer since his three years old. Brett Wilk and though I got, I got to bring him up because he really, really impressed me a lot. And the reason why I impressed me was because no one expected him to come in here and be as good as he was. And that to me, that's a professional. That's a guy who worked his ass off all year round after the last year and made improvements. Didn't just coast. He made improvements. He's bigger. He's filled in the gaps. Okay, in his physique, he brought tremendous conditioning. You can tell I could see the pain looking his face. He could tell he suffered. And once again, it goes back to conditioning, you know, does well. It's, can this human shows, but it also places you very high, you know, higher than people might expect. And he beat Rueley Winkler. Come on, he beat, he beat a lineup here that was spectacular. And you have to, you know, when a guy can come in and be this dominant. And I don't know where he's going to, you know, wind up down the road, you know, I think he's got a tremendous career ahead of him because I think that he's a hard worker. He loves the sport. You can tell he loves what he's doing as long as he can keep himself healthy. I don't see any reason why we're not going to see him be around for a very long time and be a very dominant competitor. So congratulations to Brett. I mean, it was a tremendous tremendous, you know, accomplishment. And of course, you know, our good friend Max Shawls, you know, Max is another guy that everyone's always writing off. No one talks about. And then he shows up. You know, the reason why Max gets written off a lot and the reason why he does so well all the time is because number one, he's got one of the best upper bodies in, in, in, in pro body. His legs are not his best body part, but they're, they're no longer weak. They're just not a strong body part for him. They balance his upper body is tremendous. I mean, the guy's got the best arm shoulders chest and possibly back, you know, in body and all the, but his weakness, obviously, is because his legs don't necessarily matches upper body. People think he's, he's not as good as he is. But when you get him up there and, and align up, and I'm not, not the Olympia line of course. When you get him up and align up, that's challenging. Okay. Like this show was, but where he brings his best conditioning, which he did. Okay. He's very difficult to be because he's, he's, he can stand with these other guys. Maybe 90, maybe he can't stand with the very, very top three guys in the world because then you see his legs, you know, deficit. But in this line up, he's very, very competitive. And you can make a case for him being in second place here. I wouldn't have a problem. I like Brett Wilkins, but I think Max has got a little bit more free factor going on. So even though it was a unanimous first place, second place, third place, fourth place, I think Max absolutely could have placed higher and no one would have complained. Once again, I think this is a good balance. Look from, I think if he goes any leaner or tries to dry out too much, his legs will get too small. And if he comes in any fuller, he's not going to be hard enough and happy. So this was a good compromise that I think this is a look that Max should look to bring every time he steps on stage because if he does that, he's going to always place well. Once again, it's always good to depend. I was telling people, you know, you can't guarantee places on people. All you can do is guarantee that, you know, all you can do is show up at your best and then see where the cards fall. And if they fall, you know, the right way, if you're then great, you know, I don't know, who knew that, you know, Rulee was going to come and off. You know, everyone probably was thinking, Mom, I'm going to be, you know, whatever. Wherever Rulee is, I'll be below him, you know, because he's probably going to be the guy to be. And he didn't even, and he didn't even place, you know, top four. He was at a self-defense. Now, let's talk about Moshebahn for a minute because I really liked this guy. He's really consistent. He's a guy who's also been improving every year. He's a, he's a sleeper guy. He's a guy you can fall asleep on. And when they first do the callouts, you don't even notice him. He's kind of like, off to the side. And then all of a sudden, the more the guys pose, you start saying, hey, this guy's got really good. It's good. Look at those lower tier drops. Look at the, look at the lack flare. Look at the conditionings. Look at those perfectly boxed abs. He's got, you start noticing the guy's got a lot of gifts. His calves are a little small, but his quads are ridiculous. I mean, they're really impressive. Andy brings good conditioning. And that, and that's a good combination. And I'm going to talk about, Luriz, I say, Andy brings good conditioning because when we talk about Hassan Mashtoffer in a minute, we're going to talk about Freak's active vote. Maybe a guy who's not as conditioned as Moshebahn. You can make a case for him placing his highest second here. I think that those, I think Hunter was a, was a clear cut winner. But I think second, third, fourth, all could have been flip-flop. No one would have complained. It was very close between those three guys. I think Rulley actually was the guy who probably got what he deserved fifth place. And unfortunately, none of us who were bodybuilding fans would want to see that, right? We want to see Rulley winkle a win these shows because Rulley's a freak. No one wants to see Rulley win the Olympium more than I do. And I love Big Ramey. But I want to see Rulley up there, that onion out with Big Ramey because we know that Rulley has the size. Now, I don't know if Rulley, look, my whole thing on Rulley is what I think happened. And I don't know for sure. I don't talk to Rulley on a regular basis. And maybe Rulley doesn't know. Maybe Rulley's got to come back to the drawing board two here. But what happened, when I think happened with Rulley winkle a win, was that he wanted to come in so freaky hard for this show. Because he wanted to show everyone, hey, look, I'm going to beat Ramey. If you Olympia, I could bring the freaky conditioning and he made him a state. And I'm going to tell you why I'm going to mistake because I just happened to me in my career. And I've seen it happen to other guys. They tell you look, come and shred it and you're going to win every shooting. When the show, you know, when the Arnold, you're going to win the Olympia because that's what we want. We want to see you shred it. But what they don't understand is that, and what maybe the mistake of competitors make in the coaches that help is that sometimes ultra shredded dry, okay, too much so you can overdo it. And then what happens is you lose the wow factor. Okay, and I've seen this happen throughout Rulley's career. Remember when he used to work with grandma, the coach he had originally, she made this mistake a few times as soon as him too. She brought him in great once and then she brought him in too. Then they were trying to get him too hard and he was looking small and small. And when Rulley's smaller, you see his flaws. You see, hey, you know what his waist isn't that really, that's small to a little big. It would be like a Jay-Color, okay, who also did not have a small waist, but he had ridiculously wide shoulders and cap delts. And so as long as he came in full, the V tape was insane. Rulley's got a great V tape when he's full and big around. But he overdited here, I think, and he probably overdited a little bit and dehydrated too much and his legs look small, okay, and his upper body lost some pop to it. And even the, like his side tries to, when he put that arm down, he just didn't even hit a pose, he's just a lock his arm down. He should be blowing everyone off the stage. And I got newsfield, a lot of beat him easily in that side tries to pose. So Rulley made, I wouldn't call it an amateur mistake. He made a mistake because of the fact that he was out of the game for a year and then he wanted to come back and be the best he can be. He's very dangerous. Don't write Rulley Winkler off. We'll see him probably in two weeks in Tampa. I hope we do at least. And he's going to come in full and bigger. Hopefully he won't overdisshoot the other direction and he's going to be very dangerous, okay, because he doesn't have a lot of muscle in. He has a lot of fullness. Probably tomorrow morning when he wakes up after eating for two days, he's probably going to look like 30 pounds big and everything is right now. He might even weigh 30 pounds more and look just as hard. And once again, that was a mistake. I don't blame anyone. It's very easy to fall prey to that, especially when you hear every single person in the press and all of the judges say, just come in harder. Just come in a little harder. That would everyone always says, just come in a little hard. Just coming in a little harder is not the solution sometimes because sometimes you want to overdo it. And that's what happened with Rulley. Let's talk about Hassan Mastoff who finishes in six here. I want to bring him up because normally I would even go past six, but you know what? So I'm doing a, I'm spending some time doing this analysis. I want to do it right. He's one of the freaky skies in all bodybuilding. This guy has got some tool set. I mean, this guy's got the freakyest freakyest of legs. He's got great arms. He's got great lads. He's got a good taper. He's a little narrow shoulder wise, almost like a fill Heath narrow. But he's so big that it doesn't matter. But the problem with the physique like that is you don't come in ultra dry and healed. You start to look a little boxy and you start seeing his flaws. And the flaws are that he's not showing enough detail in his body. Now, he's been doing a lot of shows this year. And I don't know if his body is just burnt out. Sometimes you get to a point where you can eat zero calories in that loser pounds. Because your body is just rebelling from what it's doing. So, I don't want Chris the Cedar tells me that's not the case. Chris works on him. But I just don't think his body is responding anymore. I know we want to get to the Olympia. That's his goal. And the guy's that one of the nicest guys you'll ever meet. He's a hard worker. I think he's got one of those metabolism's way you. His body just wants to build muscle. It's obvious. I mean, because the biggest guy up there, you know, height persporext, whatever. However, he's got to do whatever it takes to lose that extra weight. I don't know if it means eating less food. Okay. We're doing more cardio. I'm sure he's being pushed to the max already. But something is not working. Okay. His body is holding onto something. I don't know what the problem is if it's a metabolic situation or if he's once again a vis-vodity just in kind of a rebellious stage. Or if he just maybe just hasn't been doing this this long. Maybe his body just not that mature. Some guys at 125 pounds can get you shake, you know, and show a lot of muscle separations of it. Other guys, they can be training for a long period of time. I mean, a short period of time have a lot of muscle, but they don't really show a lot of detail. Rammy didn't show a lot of detail in early in his career. He was a little tired of this, but not much. But Rammy's structure was so big that he was imposing. So Hassan Mustafa's got to spend time and get that formula down. And just I think more and more training is just going to lead to better muscle maturity and hopefully over the next couple of years, the key Williams had the same problem. You could feed the guy like a bikini competitor. He wouldn't lose weight. And so I think once he finally gets to form that he's going to be super dangerous. You know, looking at the show as a whole, I think you have to be very happy as a body belief fan that the Chicago pro is a success. And the reason why it was a success was because you had a top five, top six guys and Zach Merkel looked great in seven two. I'll talk about him on the radio show on heavy muscle radio Monday night. But this was a really good lineup. With good competitors, most of them in very, very good shape. It was a tough battle. I'm sure it was not an easy decision for the judges. Yes, LeBraude did enough to win for sure. But the rest of the play sings will kind of tough and where do you put really went learn? When they first call these guys out, it was really hunt. Right? I mean, that's where every, you know, and then these other guys work their way up when the judges realized that really was not it is best. That's an exciting show. I've gone to lots and lots about it. I'm going to show them. You're not that many in the last year and have since COVID, but I bet to a lot of shows. And I'm telling you the ones where it's this close are the ones you want to go to. Did the most exciting, especially when you're in the crowd. And you can feel that everyone's screaming and these guys are up there for a long time because the judges are making them work because they can't really determine what the places are because everyone has a slightly different look to them. But that's why it's important that you bring your best to the stage. And once again, Huntal Abraude, the reason he's so good, tan presentation, conditioning. Dexter Jackson fits into dichotogory, Phil Heath fits into dichotogory. And it's a commitment professionals that always hit the mark. When the, when the, when the, especially when the mistakes were the highest, they always show up in shape. They always have good presentation. They always have a good tan. They never leave anything to, to chance. Those are the guys who always do well. And that's why Huntal Abraude is going to be a great pro for many years to come because he has that mentality. And, you know, you, you, you, you've got to do, you know. But if you don't have it, you can still get it. But you cannot let those variables just fall with a name. That's the only variables you have total control over heading into a show. Huntal, congratulations on the huge win. Congratulations to all the guys in the show. It was a tremendous show to him, Gardna. Great job. Once again. And I'm glad we're seeing some great competition leading up to the Arnold and the Olympia. And now they're on day full on boat with an RX muscle news update.