This is Dave Palombo with an R-Ax muscle update. I'm here with Lee Priest and John Hansen and we're going to be wrapping up tonight. I have to be Tampa Pro men's open event that took place. Just minutes ago John left the venue he was there in the front row and the press seat. John Huntal Abrautah. Another generation of great bodybuilders. This is his birthday new. He wins it. Tell us was he was he is good as advertised. Yes, he was. He was excellent. He was awesome and it was pretty wild seeing Lee the product son up there. Lee LaBrada was right there on the front row with his wife and his kids. And man, he resembles his dad's physique a lot. He's a super sized, obviously. But he's got a lot of same similar qualities, great leg development, great side tries to pose. It's even broken to a flaws when he hit his side tries to. I was just telling Lee, that's why I put this picture on that. I said he was. I try his unbelievable. Lee, it really is on candy. How much in contact with shape he looks like his dad doesn't mean I think Lee was probably a little bit leaner in the face, but overall the similarities. I want to ask John, of course I didn't see the video. I'm sure he would have had a good posing routine, Woody. Yeah, he did. The best pose you're a team of the men's open for sure. Started off doing the lunging pose, like Lee, he'd used to do. And he finished up with that pose too. So it was some kind of classical, slower music. But yeah, it was really excellent posing on a lot of Lee LaBrada poses too. So it was really cool. It was really cool. I go back so I remember seeing the Neville Brought on stage. And it was really, really cool seeing the sun do the same thing. I have to imagine that to see your setup on stage, I mean, I wouldn't want my kid necessarily go into bodybuilding unless it's something he really, really wanted to do. But if he did it, and I'm back, to see your setup on stage better, maybe then you are in having more potential because he's obviously taller and he's bigger than Lee was. Yeah, exactly. No, it got to make Lee feel pretty good, right? Yeah. And he won this first pro show, just like Lee did. If you remember Lee won the 86 night of the champions, come right off the universe win. And his son wins this first pro show too. So he's going to the Olympia. He said he will be at the Olympia in December and Vegas. Wow. I'm still sticking by my prediction that within the next couple of years, he's going to be top-free or even win the Olympia. And I leg up, run her up a few times. But I think he's son is going to pull up and get us in there in the LaBroute of Family. I believe it too, Lee. I think so too. I think he definitely can do it. He seems like he really got us back together too. Real good kid, you know, and real humble on stage. And it was a convincing way. I didn't think anybody was close to him. Well, I think we've lead in his corner too. I think he's going to have that smart head on his shoulders from his head. He's not feeling like a full of a gatelet sea. I big I can get in the quickest amount of time possible. I think he's going to pace himself with Lee in his corner and do it in a healthiest possible way. He can do it and just be smart about it. Yeah, I agree. What John Europe master of like statistics? What was Lee LeBraided wing and how tall was he back when he competed compared to Hunter here? I think Lee was five, five. And he won the University of 176. And I think, you know, when they did that way and at the 88 Olympia, he went in at 176. Oh, did he really? He was that light, huh? Yeah. So I'm sure he was probably 185 at the 92 Olympia one Dorian. Yeah, I think the if I remember correctly, they fleshed the thing once I was reading at the could have been the 92 one. I think he was 186 was the heaviest. Yeah. He was 186. Right. And that's certainly not heavy at all. What I didn't mean is that. So what is Hunter? What is his stats? I think he was 246 something like that. Well, 247. I think different, right? Yeah. Yeah, his legs were phenomenal. Huge legs, really good arms. He is interesting because he had the same weak points and strong points that his dead had. Yeah. Great. He got his routine here. Hold on. Let me see if I can pull this up. I don't know if I've watched him, Hunter's progress. So the member in the first got into it, you'd see him and everyone's thinking, oh, maybe he might do a physical seat because you're the physique and then maybe he'll do classic as almost like he's going through a physical seat, classic straighting the body body. Yeah. Tess is routine. So we can kind of watch him do his thing. He does head a lot of the same poses as dad. He's going to let the lead the broader poses. John, you were there in the front row. Was this a convincing victory? Yeah, definitely. I didn't think it was close at all. What do you think clenched it from? Just more completeness? He just had everything. He was really full. He was real hard. His collar was fantastic. I don't know who did his collar, but he stood out because his collar was really, really good. Yeah, he just, uh, was a convincing way. I didn't think he would be in the Larry was really close to him. It was supposed to be real close for those two. But I thought he had him all the way. And I think in the same thing, gone by, you know, photos always had to tell, but I was saying overall, Hannah just looks overall like more complete. Pallies to the team, everything and looking at Ian, that just seemed like Ian, gone by photos again. Just looked a bit flat and he's just looked dirty, compared to. Yeah. Now, polish with right and looks. That's a perfect work for it. I mean, I think it's a perfect work for it. Look dirty, you know, and, and, uh, Hunter, his tan was just like golden. It was like really, really, really. What is, you know, he always have problems. I know he's very pale off season, but, you know, we always tan. I mean, I was always in the tanning bed, you know, prior to putting coloring on just so that if you sweat, you're not going to have like zero underneath your, your, your, your color, you paint on. Right. I just think that the skin doesn't take the color as nice. When you have a good tan. I think something with you. I know, remember, basically use Jane Tannas sometimes. It would never stick under my body. Pro team would work and then I used to use my food contest, color, but there were certain things, wherever it was just the chemicals in the tanning. It would look good on me. But then as soon as I come up and start as sweating, it would just run off. It wouldn't take the my skin at all. So I guess maybe people need to start practicing a month or two out, which pain is going to stick to their body. Right. Right. And the funny thing is about this is that Ian is an absolute freak, you know, before he starts depleting downing at that last week of the show. Like I'm almost wondering if he's if he's over depleting for these shows because Hunter looks bigger than him in these pictures. And there's no way that Hunter is bigger than Ian. Excellent. I think they weighed about the same from what I heard on the podcast. It's really in came down that much. This is a guy who weighs two 70 on stage a lot of times, you know? Yeah, I think they're pretty close. I think they overdid it, maybe. Yeah. I've never been down by the pictures. They've been surprised if that Dwayne had a got into second place. Gone by photographs and stuff, but you can't really tell him that today is, I guess, the V in there. And it looked like it could have been fairly close for Dwayne. Can I ask him that guy was excellent. Wayne, he was excellent. I never saw him before, but man, he had, he was probably the hardest guy up there. Really, really good abs. And just a really good body. His conditioning was fantastic. I could have seen him in a second. Now talk to me a little bit about the Wayne Walker because we don't really know that much about him. A lot of people don't know about him. I love his insight. Yeah, I love his insight. He has great muscle separations. He's got good abs, try to relax. We don't see him. We've talked about him before. Some reason that we don't see a lot of try to pegs anymore. But this guy has got lots of, you know, crazy separation in his body. And he's got great separation. Great abs. I mean, a lot of these guys, you know, you see the guys from to rip boots and they're missing the abs. The abs are totally washed out. I see that more and more of these pros. Right. Not this guy. This guy had washboard abs. I mean, they look fantastic. And, you know, he always has a classic look to his physique. Doesn't he? Yeah, he does. Yeah, there's a lot to be said for, you know, coming in sharp and condition and separated. That's what Phil Heath was so good at. And that's what this guy has to. Very pretty physique. That's funny. If you have his shots, he's side on in different poses. He just looks like a small version of Tony Freeman coming up. That's a very, you're right. That's a really good comparison, you know? Yeah. I think giving him another couple of years to and he'll be. Yeah. I think this guy's going to go far. Who's really got a great physique. I'm impressed with, you know, just he has like almost like, it's like immature muscle like you know that you just wait for this guy's body to explode, right? I mean, like at some point he's just going to. He's going to just reach his potential. Yeah, so he's staying with when Ronnie Ronnie was competing when he started off as a pro. He had to everything. Yeah, but he had there soft looked at all the sudden one year just went boom. And you're like, yeah, right. Right. I mean, look at the glutes and hands right there. He seems like a very young guy too. So I think he's got a long way to go. Right. Look, you know, there was a lot of potential in the show for the fact that, you know, a lot of the international guys couldn't come in and compete here. I think we got a pretty good show and I don't know if it's because guys were diving longer for the show because, you know, I'm sure a lot of these guys were going to compete earlier and then they had to keep putting it off putting it off because the oldies show is getting canceled, right? Yeah, we'll like that classic physique guy. He said he was diving since February. Yeah. That's crazy, right? Yeah. I wanted to go under what they're eating now. Yeah. Exactly. But you know, that goes to show. I always say if, you know, it's the people that work the hardest to make it rewarded, you know, because If you put all that work and you don't give up, it's the guys that give up, they just get screwed, you know, because they're like, Yeah, because they don't even get to get one stage. They can complain all they want, but you know what? No one told you to stop diving. Just looking at the, I just looked at the comparison shots on page seven day, the last picture of the most sort of standing relaxed and the way 100 is looking there. He looks so much identical to Lee just standing there. Yeah. He, you know, he obviously Lee is definitely helping him out. Obviously with, you know, all his, all his posing and presentation. He's not even posing. He's just standing there smiling. You'd swear it was a young version of Lee standing there. Right. He's got that same thing. He's got the same faces him. It's crazy. Yeah. He's got to get rid of the beard and get the mustache on then. Right now, you know, right? Because he did that together. He would be like a clone firm. It would be scary. Yeah. Yeah. And they're good to see. Like, I know I'm my daughter. She did a couple of shots in the same studio. I did wear in the same overalls. Twenty six years later. Oh, because I don't want that. The same pose. It's good to see. That's actually great. Hunter, grown my station. Do some old classic. Yeah. That would be that. It just for just for pictures. Yeah. Well, I'm Paris, and yeah. Let's talk about Phil Quahar, who I actually helped. And, you know, he was, you know, I said, you're going to do well in this show. Because I knew how well good his conditioning was. And, you know, he wasn't in the first quad at the pre-judging, but then he moved up at night and wound up finishing in fourth. He actually got the third place vote as well. So I'm talking to me about him, John. Yeah. He had a really good overall structure, a real big guy. Why? I would think the only weakness might have been his calves because you could see that in that. Yeah. That's, you know, he was lacking a little bit like the hamstring calves, but overall it's real big guy and really, really well conditioned. So another real strong competitor I thought. I told my kid, look, you just, you're still coming into your own. He put a lot of size on from last year from where we started working when I started working with him. And he said, look, you just, you're still, I know he's not like the youngest guy, but he's still like growing. He started late. You know, sometimes you start late. You don't peak collater. Yeah. Yeah, I do. Thank you. Well, you have a right spring as well. I don't know if I'm wrong. I'm wrong. Yeah. Nobody knows because he won. I think he might be in his late 30s because he won a man. He won the man. He got his pro card. She gets pro card down and like one of these like Caribbean championships or something. Yeah. That's something. See in that shot how wide he is and look at the guy. Yeah. Yeah. He's got a big structure on him and he can hold a lot more muscle too. That's what's going on. Yeah. Yeah. Let's, you know, when you see, well, let's talk about let's talk about the fifth place competitor. Because you know that that whole top five was really good. Ronald Gordon was was I think was super impressive too. I, you know, anyone at the top five really impressed me because usually in a pro show, you say, well, you know, the top two were good. But then everyone else sucked, you know, that wasn't the case at all here. You know, right. We had a lot of like really good guys in this top five and which which had to make the show really exciting to watch. Talk about Ron Gordon. And I think like you said, D for a second, David, which may be Ian overdiding. He just, I don't know. It just says that looking all the photos where he doesn't look confident. He doesn't look like, you know, he just looks like he doesn't want to beat it. Where everybody else is smiling. He's the hope stage presentation when you look at the E and he just like, well, you know, Lee, when you, remember when you showed up at the LMP with the long hair, you knew you were, you knew you were in a shape. And I could tell you were not your usual self. Oh, I was like, I was like, Donald, I was like, Donald, it's a week before. Yeah, I know. But you know when you're not in shape or something goes wrong. I think maybe he just wasn't confident. Look at this. Like everybody else is smiling and looking all right. Right. Even like he just just looks tied and with the, like I said, the team looking like that almost looks like it was a rush. Robin, I just looked like Todd or that one and be here. Yeah, I don't know what happened to me. Yeah, sometimes when you get stressed out your pH of your skin changes and it won't accept a color either. So that could be a problem. Ron Gordon though, look at this wacky shot. I mean, I mean, you look at this. You're like, this guy probably won the shot, right? I mean, that's what I see when I look at it. You know, he's got some wacky cool shots. Yeah, he could still fill out more and could still use the more thickness than you have for body, because he's still on the wide, but he's another real imposing guy. I mean, he could structure a long and it's height. I mean, he's got great genetics too. How cool would see John, do you know? I don't know. He seemed like he was taller than everybody else. I'm going to see like, well, Ian Valier is about what I'm with six foot, right? Yeah, I think you're in honor of what five and five nine. I think John says about five nine. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, so this guy had to be at least six feet. Oh, wow. I mean, look at that back double. I mean, he could be a little maybe a little sharper, but like you said, it's a little bit more muscle maturity maybe. Yeah, I just think like in his torso, it needs more size, but that'll find my guess with time. Yeah, no, I'm pretty impressed with the way he looks here. All those guys think great leg development. When they did that final call out, you know, and they were had Lee and Ian posing down against each other, were people going crazy? You mean, you should be sued me. Hunter, sorry. I don't think Lee Priest was in the shower for a minute. Oh, Jay. Yeah. I felt like the audience felt like Hunter had it all the way. I didn't really feel like it was a close thing. You know, it seemed like once he came out and did his routine, it was pretty dominant. And I think he established himself as the winner. Right, but you don't think that they did. Did they usually when they do those call out, the crowd goes crazy. I mean, I mean, I listen to New York, they do. Give me a little crazy. I don't know. I didn't have the top four. They didn't do the top two. No. Were you at pre judging? Oh, no. I wasn't a pre judging. They had the two person call out. And I mean, look how wide he is, but you're right. Look, he looks like he just got rolled out of bed there. And something definitely happened. I'll have to get him on the shot. I guarantee you had to get you the sick or maybe he was throwing up. I hope he doesn't have COVID. You know, are you worried about that junk going to the show? I don't know. Everybody's wearing a mask. So I mean, the hotel is really, really strict. Like when you walk, you did your temperature and everybody had a wear mask. And even when the show was over and everybody cried out into the lobby, he had the hotel employee standing on the stairs yelling at people to head their mask down. Oh, really? They were really really strict about that. Yeah. I just went through all of the ins pictures, the four pages. And you must have heard something on his mind because he's not smiling in any of them. No, I mean, who doesn't smile on stage? It's the first thing to hear. I'm surprised everyone that went that assured, it must have been like shit. I'm getting our temperature taken a bit of layoff to clean for the next two days. They're getting the shit out of the house. At least they weren't doing anal, anal temperature readings, and leave, right? Or the sun, the these guys might like them. My old house buddy Paul DeLett when they're going to visit the fake land and sit there a day. Sun on burn and up on burn and up sun. They could have been doing the anal temperatures. They could have given him that job. Yeah, you feel 90. Let's segue John, just real quickly. The figure champion. Let's let's play a farly. What were you think thoughts on how to see her on stage? No, I didn't. I just thought of that. Are you like black men? You don't even watch the girls come on. That's why you're a little out of it. We were wondering, right? So John's having trouble opening his eyes up. What is John Hansen drink? You know, when he drinks? I was having the cardi and coke. Nice. What somebody shares about that long, you go to drink, just to get through it. Right. Exactly. Look at this, Lee, look at this physique, though. I mean, this girl is, I never even saw her compete before. She is really good. What a bunch of what a set of quads are, right? We're seeing her for better. Phenomenal. Yeah. I mean, this girl is going to be, I think this girl is going to give some of these Olympic girls a run for their money. I think she's that good. I don't know if you guys agree, but I'm very impressed. Great structure. Yeah. Great legs. Right? I mean, she can always do women's physique, although her upper body is not as big, but, you know, I'm impressed. And Jennifer Dore won the, the, the, the, the promocene, did you see her? No. She's, she's, she's a, she's a perennial, obviously top Olympian. And I think that, you know, a lot of people just come and, they want to compete before the Olympic, you know, so this was their first chance. I thought they had a great bikini lineup or it was Bolbicene, Olympia girls in lineup here. She jumped back in when the wellness was on, didn't you, yeah. No, you missed that too. Oh, yeah. That's when he started doing shots. You know, I gotta tell you that the whole, the whole wellness thing is, you know, I've been pretty vocal about the fact that I, let's, I'm gonna pull up the wellness winner, okay? Who looked really good by the way? And I want you guys to distinguish for me, if you can. No. We see the, we see our bikini championship, Jennifer Dore, right? And now we're going to go to our wellness champ. You tell me the difference. Okay, Renee Hartley. Can you, what's the difference? I won head purple on, she's got white and gray. I need his theory difference. I don't know. What do you mean really? Do we really need another category? I mean, obviously, what if she looked from the back? Is there a lot of great from the back? But I'm just saying she's, I mean, the bikini girls have have nice round, you know, from the, when it really goes, you've got to see who's carrying the most money in their pouch, why look at it? I'm going to give you a booty shot because it's just fully pretty, just fully free. Yeah. I can't see that pose. How's that? Like glasses on too. All right. I mean, that, I mean, let me, let me, let me, let me, to spray it, I just don't see a difference between bikini and wellness. Now, does this, I thought, I thought they were going to much bigger, loose. This is the winner, this is the winner. This was the winner. I, to me, I think you could, you could put the bikini in, you could put wellness together. And I don't think there's that much of a distinction. Maybe it's a little more muscle and wellness. Yeah. I, look, you know what it is? It's a very big division down in South America. I've talked about this before. And the cost of that, they, and they running shows down that they, they had a sanction it is what it is a mouth or two. But I don't think it's, look, it's like it would be like coming out of the men's division. I mean, what else could we do? I mean, at the Olympian, instead of the two, 12, can we have the two, nine with it? Just, we should do the, you know, how they have those, you know, how like some like gay men like the hairy hairy guys. We should have the bear, we should do the bear division. We instead of, you know, instead of shaving down a putton tan on you, you come in completely pale with just a hairy chest that I don't know. And a bead. And a beard, right, a lot of hair. Now, we, we call it the bear division, you know, and. I can catch that. Why not? Sanchin it, right? Makes a money. Well, it's not going to be a thing. Well, this, well, unless you may, would, to me, it's almost like when they hear well, this is almost when you go to the just the normal nightclub, when they said to Hawaiian tropics, hunties. Yeah. Yeah. Similar to that, it just looks like they get a guy who's in good shape, looks like a model or a girl that looks like a model and they would win prize money and stuff and smell like coconut oil. But they're not, but the girls are a really good shape. That's the whole thing. If they're not just, they're not the key. They're not like bar room, high body kind of, you know, people. You know, if that was the case, I'd be like, all right, well, that's what they want. Fine. But if there's not a distinction like that, it's just weird. I got, I got to pull this one shot up. This is a great shot away. Oh, I mean, keep calling me. Oh, my God. Great shot of hunter, hold on. Is he doing that same pose there or what? He's doing this, doing the butt pose. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I'm sure you talked about George Peterson already, right, then. I talked about him yesterday. He did my rap at B.S. They're on him and you know what? How, Lee and I were speculating for how would, how would George have done in the open class? Oh, I think I'm in great. Could he have placed top three? Yeah, I mean, sorry to say how he would have looked next to the bigger guys, but, man, he looked fantastic. He was definitely one of the highlights of the whole weekend. Real. Yeah. That's a big deal. Not really. He was like, he was like, There's the thing like the Leela brought a back in the open days. Yeah. How's that shot of Hunter from behind? That's a great shot. I mean, look at the glutes, hands. I mean, the guys got a lot of muscle maturity for relative to young guy, you know? Yeah. I think he's going to be a future star. I was predicted he's going to win the Olympia. That's what Leela's prediction has been. Yeah. Do you agree? Yeah, I think it's possible for sure. And I don't even think it's back is one of his strong points right now. His arms and his legs are the strong points. But I think that's, that's like bad there. It's like I said, so when you're looking at him, he just says the quality is that a young Jay cutler head coming up in a new Jay head potential later on. And he went underwind the Olympia and he had a hunt that looking at Hunter, you sort of see he's got everything there. He just builds on it and does it smart and everything falls into place. Which he's doing. Before he would. Yeah. Well, John, thank you for, you know, even though you're drunk. Thank you for a recapping show with Leena. And obviously, Le is got a very bright future. We, Hunters got a very bright future. And I think I predict that Ian Valier will come back with the veterans, vengeance of the next show and we'll come in right, you know, full dance, ten. And I think he'll he'll win a pro show before the Olympia and we'll see him on the one of these stage. How many from this show qualify for the Olympia just the first or top three or the first and then you get points. So for the top five so. Okay. For the other guys have to build a, which which are significant, though, Lee, when you think about it because there's not that many pro shows before the Olympia. So if you get points in one or two shows, that could be enough to qualify for the Olympia, you know. Is that any more to more shows in the narrow. I don't even know how many more they're going to have. I near Crow right, we got still. What's the reporter? I a bit of a ask Nick strength. Yeah. John Hanson just statistics. I, but he's drunk. He doesn't remember anything. I know I got you cargo to right. That's right. Yeah. So the John does remember after going to a show that long, John's trying to fucking forget. He doesn't even need to call the get drunk. You get drunk just from being there that long. You get it, Lucy after while you're. Exactly exactly. Well, guys, thanks for joining me again. But this little Rx muscle news update on day polumba with Lee Priest and John Hanson. We'll see you next time. Thank you.