There's no way not to get a dip. If you're at a thousand milligrams of testosterone, you're taking injecting a week, and your testosterone on blood work is like 3000 total testosterone. And then you go off the cycle, even if your body went back to producing its own natural production at maximum value, which would be 800, you're still gonna feel low. How could you not feel low going from 3000 total testosterone to 800? And most guys are going from 3000 down to 2020, because their bodies just don't turn back on right away. Obviously doing the right post-cycle therapy, of course, 2000 units of H-C-G, every two or three days, for two or three weeks, and then doing some clomin. I keep guys on test-alize the entire time that they're off, the balance to DHG, estrogen, and testosterone levels, that helps a lot as well. But you have to understand, you're not gonna be at that super high value that you are when you're on a cycle, it's impossible. And even if you were at max natural levels, it still would feel too low for you, because you're just taking away the sensitivity. I mean, you can't over-stimulate those receptors like you would do it. Now, having said that, when I would go off cycle, my sex tribut would not be as crazy as it was when I was on. But it never was to the point where I couldn't function, because I think a lot of guys that's psychological too, they're like, well, you know, oh, I feel different, and then they start thinking about it too much, and before you know it, they've taught themselves out of being able to have sex, because there is a psychological component too. And I understand when you're going from injecting every other day, a whole bunch of stuff, and now you're not doing anything, you think that you should sex tribut should drop. The funny thing is the first three or four weeks, you still have a lot in your system, so you shouldn't have a low-sex tribut at all, for at least three or four weeks, until you hit that month-more, then you might have a little drop. And then usually guys don't only stay up for eight weeks anyway, so I mean, what are we talking about? We're talking about four weeks of being a little low. Come on, I mean, I think guys are crying babies about it to be honest with you.