Day Palomo here with an RX muscle news update. Well I just got done. I had my colonoscopy today. Yep, my first one. I'm 52 years old and I figured that it was time to do it. You know, I don't have a history of colon cancer in my family, but I do have a cancer in my family. My father did have polyps, you know, throughout the years and his colonoscopy. My sister did too, so I figured out I better go as well. But as you know, I am a big advocate or a fiber. I've been taking it for 25 years. I producing my own product from species nutrition, fiber lies for the last 10 years. And I'm also a big believer in, you know, in vegetables and you diet. I'm all so I'm a pretty healthy eater. Everyone knows me as the McDonald's guy, but you know, even when I was at my biggest and I was eating McDonald's every day, the other nine or 10 meals a day were really clean and helping, you know, eating, you know, good quality fats, high quality protein. I never ate a lot of sugars at all of my diet. That was, you know, very, very infrequently. And I used to fiber supplement. I would say probably the second half of my body, but I didn't really know about fiber before that. But that was not what I was in my 20s. So, you know, when you're in 20s, you get away with doing stuff, you shouldn't be doing one. I was using fiber every day. I still always had a silly and supplement in my diet. It wasn't as effective obviously as when I finally perfected my fiber lies probably, but, you know, I didn't really need the fiber lies like that all there anyway. Because when I was making it older, what happens is the, you know, the colon, which is a muscle gets weaker and it loses its ability to move waste through itself efficiently. I'm just like any muscle that doesn't get worked. But fiber is like the personal trainer I've said is before of the colon. It makes the colon work harder and it builds up the muscle to the colon. And that's what we want on a regular basis. So, I was pretty confident going into this colonoscopy that there was going to be nothing wrong. Obviously, if there was, I would have been, you know, I would have felt like, well, you know, either my genetics failed me or maybe I don't know what I'm talking about as far as, you know, eating a high fiber diet, especially if you're eating a lot of food and a high protein diet. So, I went in there with a pretty open mind. I'll tell you the process itself was probably the leading up to the colonoscopy is the worst part of it. And it's really not that bad. It's one day of no eating solid foods. So I went to the supermarket that day and I went and bought a bunch of stuff, which I kind of was a little under-prepared, but you know what, it wasn't at the end, it wasn't bad. And they gave you this big gallon jug that go lightly, which I think you got a mix with something, you know, that you like the taste of. And it can't be anything like with it, like cherry flavor because they don't want anything with like artificial colors that could I guess maybe skew the colonoscopy. So I went and I got, they have the gatoried lights. I didn't want to get the ones of zero calories because I did need some colloquilodes. So there were the ones with like low sugar. So I bought four liters of it and I, the four liters fit perfectly in this big jug. And you got to drink this four liters. So the way they set it up to you is you start the day off, you're just eating clear liquids. I bought some bone broth, actually, which was really good. I, disgusting as this may sound, I was drinking it. I wasn't even warming it up, I wasn't even heating it up, I was just drinking it right out of the container like it was like a protein shake or something like that. And bone broth is okay because it's clear, anything clear liquid you can have. You can't have like protein shakes or anything with dairy and it, that's considered food. So I was drinking that, they let you have Gella, I was getting, I got the sugar-free Gella pre-made. I was eating those things. I was going to have more of those because that was the only thing that really was to felt solid, you know, dissolves once you, once you chew it up. That was the only thing that actually gave me a feeling of satiety. All the others of which is liquid. I bought some grape juice, so I was drinking a little bit of coffee or a lot of the half. So I had a, I had a cup of coffee or two cups of coffee, I think throughout the day. That definitely helped a lot. And what happens is that for a PM, they want you to start drinking this, this concoction mixture. And what it basically is deluxe it, it makes you go to poop, okay. Now, I knew that I wasn't going to poop as much as other people as far as the waste coming out of me goes because I know that I'm pretty clean anyway because I do so much fiber on a regular basis. I knew I didn't have a lot of impacted fecal matter which makes it worse for people. Because when people have that, they get a lot of cramping, it's numsy, it nauseous, they throw up. And that's just the way it goes. But so I decided to drink and they said, you got to drink an 8 ounce glass every 15 minutes for 2 hours. So you got to get through 2 liters in 2 hours. So I made it with steak for as I, I poured it into a shaker cup. I thought it was 8 ounce, but it was actually 6. So I gulped down 16 ounces right off the bat. Okay. So I got a little bit, I got a little, you know, queasy from that after that. But it didn't, nothing, I didn't throw up or anything like that. I just, I think was too much at one time. I think about it maybe an hour after I started taking, that's when I started going to the bathroom. And then you, you just moving your balance, like watery, it's become, it's like diarrhea, almost you come and add you initially. I know this is a great conversation with him. But for a lot of you out there, you never did the process. I want to give you with the process was. I, people actually had his that stuff taste in the container. I said, I don't know, I never tasted it. And they mean what do you mean? Because what I would do is I would put 8 ounces and I'd go, whoop, go up it down like I was drinking a fiber shake. The only thing I tasted was the after tasted of the Gatorade. That was that I never, there was nothing disgusting about it. I know people have trouble drinking it. I can pour anything down my throat. It doesn't matter to me. I'm used to drinking pound and protein shakes all day long. So I did that every 15 minutes. I got through the first two liters. No problem whatsoever. Didn't feel fantastic. I was really hungry though, too. Well, that was, that was probably the hardest thing I couldn't eat anything. So I was, I started going through the bathroom pretty regularly around after that two hours of doing that. I was in my house when my kids and I was going to the bathroom. Once again, it wasn't, it wasn't cramp in, it wasn't terrible. Yeah, you might have to clean the toilet bowl or after you've done it because it's diarrhea, essentially. And then it kind of calmed down a little bit. I was only going like every maybe once an hour or something like that. And then you don't do the second half of a total 10 o'clock at night. So I went and put my kids to bed. I fell asleep and I actually fell asleep with my daughter. I was on my door as floor. When I got up, I had already missed a half hour. So I was supposed to start at 10. I was like 10, almost 11 o'clock. So I got to get this, I got to down these two liters in the next hour or, you know, so I started doing eight ounces of 16 ounces at a time to catch up, so to speak. And while I was answering emails by the time that 1230 came around, I had finished the other two liters. No big deal. At that point, when I was going to the bathroom every 15, 20 minutes, it was only just water coming out of it. There was nothing, there was no like poop sitting more. It was just water. And I guess at that point I knew I was clean, but I was still going. I went to bed around 230 at night. I had to get up at, I think I got up at 545, because that was an hour drive to where I had to go do it. I drove over there. My mother and I drove me there. Went in. It was no big, I didn't have the hospital actually. Some people can do it in an outpatient clinic. It doesn't really matter. Yeah, they hook up to an IV. They give you an S-K-Million questions, whatever. And then they roll you in there. And it's not a big deal. I guess it seems more of a big deal just because they're putting you out. You're getting anesthesia. But it's like a proper full IV. It's not breathing tubes or anything like that. So the lenient on your side, you land your left side. And they're like, all right, you're going to go to sleep now and then they push this thing into your IV. She's like, how do you feel? How do you feel? I'm going to sleep. I know that. Every the light side to go out. Next day, I know I woke up and recovered. They came to the doctor, came and saw him and he's like, well, you have nothing in there. You said, you're at the cleanest call and I've seen in probably the last five years. So that made me feel good. I said, you know what? Vindication. He's obviously, you know, either healthy diet. I said, well, I do. I told my wife, I used my own fiber supplement that I make and I've been using a fiber supplement for 20 years and he's like, they work. He's like, I tell all my patients that and you know, but not everyone listens and not everyone's as this. But the key is just do it regularly twice a day. And it just goes to show you that, you know, if you do a fiber supplement and you take care of your body, you know, you know, junk food all day long, okay? You can have a very healthy colon. Now why is that? Because what happens is when the waste moves through officially through your colon, your colon is strong, okay? The immune system in that area is very, very vibrant. In other words, it can eat up anything that happens. So if you grow a little cell, start growing out of control, which we call polyps, your body just eats them up. In other people that have a lot of stagnation in that area, the immune system is not functioning well and a polyps start growing and it keeps growing. And until you get in there with a scope and then clip it out. Most people when they get colonoscopy, the lot of people get that polyps clip down to they have in there. And that's that to say, I can't grow caught polyps, but I think if your immune system is healthy in there, if you're growing cells that shouldn't be there, your immune system will eat them up. Likewise, if you grow cancer cells produced in there, your body's immune system will go up them up if there is stagnation there. And you have a predisposition genetically for colon cancer. It might not do that. So the bottom line is it's important to get a colonoscopy at least at 50 years old. 40 years old, if you have a family cancer, cancer, colon cancer that is. Use a fiber supplement every day twice a day. And you never have to worry. It's going to at least if you have a disposition for it, we'll reduce your chances of getting it. That's for sure. The fact that he said to me and I didn't elicit this response, I didn't say, hey, how did you compare me to? He said to me voluntarily, it's the cleanest column I've seen in terms of no polyps and nothing growing in there. That to me was validation that what I'm telling people and what I'm telling you guys that their works and that it's something good. And when I explain to him what I do, he just kept saying yes, yes, yes, yes. You know, and so this is a guy who that's only does for living is scope colon. And he knows, you know, the people who don't eat right, the people who smoke and drink a too much, he sees the damage that's getting done that. He sees the people who don't exercise. And he sees the people who eat a bad diet. What it does to that area. And if you guys don't care, then they don't take care of yourself. But I know most of the people who are watching this do care about their health. And they don't want to get colon cancer. They don't want to polyps grown in there. So guys, fiber supplement, don't have to use mine. Okay. I'm not, this is not a fiber-lies edge. Okay, what this is is it's a health notification to you guys that number one get your colonoscopy. There's nothing to be afraid of. It's not a big deal. It's the test. You want to know how long the test took 12 minutes? The preparation, it was a whole day up to that. And when I was getting in and out of the hospital, everything like that was took me a long time. Most people are going to get it done in the clinic. 12 minutes was the test. Okay. It's the best sleep you'll ever get. Okay, they gave you. I was a little groggy, you know, the rest of the edge took a nap. I fell asleep on my couch here. But now I feel great. Okay. So, don't fear it. Okay, there's nothing to fear. If you guys can do a contest dive for 16 weeks, you can do a one-day prep of no eating any solid foods. It's not a big deal. I gave you the whole routine. I gave you the whole, that's it. There's nothing else to it. And don't be afraid to find out the unknown. A lot of times the unknown is nothing. I was a little nervous. I was like, you know what, I'm always talking about cold health and everything like that. What if I get, what if I have pops like, God, if I have, I didn't think I will not even allow that the cancer word in my vocabulary. Because I will not let it in my life. I believe that there's a psychological component to that. A emotional component that's not into my wheelhouse. But I didn't know if I was going to have pops or not because I think, well, you know, running my family, you know, I have some logistics to my dad, but my dad smoked and he drank and he didn't eat right, you know, the latter part of his life. So, that's what happens. He didn't take my dad to take a fiber supplement. I used to drop that stuff off at his house all the time. He would use it once and never use it again. So, you got to make a party or daily ritual. You brush your teeth twice a day, you take your fiber twice a day. And that's all there is to it. And don't think about it. Don't let yourself run out. Don't get lazy with it. Just add it to your repertoire. If you saw my rituals that I have to do every day, all the different little super silly things and vitamins to take and this and that, as you get all the ad more and more because you're fighting father time, you know, in aging. But you got to do that if you want to live a healthy life. And I don't know if I'm going to extend the length of my life. But I do know that whatever my life span is, I want to live a healthy lifespan. I want to be vibrant and healthy until the day I leave this mortal coil, so to speak, as Shakespeare would say. So guys, the take on message, go get your colonoscis. If you're over the age of 50, if it's in your family, over the age of 40, get yourself your first colonoscis, I don't have to go back for 10 years now. So he says, you're good. And that, that to me is, hey, I'll do a colonoscis every 10 years. I don't have a problem with that. And I'm sure most of you guys wouldn't need it. So get those colonoscis and get on your fiber supplement twice a day, silly and based. I recommend the fiber lies for you guys. I'm telling you, once you use it, you'll never stop. I'm day polumbar with an RX muscle news update.