10 and 9 You're my and I'm a group There ready for two guys who can't handle the truth The truth you can't handle the true word we can't be Lomble Chris Asito Orangemuscle.com presents every muscle Leo Watch us Welcome to another episode of Heavy Muscle Radio I'm the palombo I'm joined as always By the technician Chris Asito on this July 23 2018 afternoon at Chris Let's get to the first The story I wanted to bring up right away Which is The first of what I'm doing I'm doing good I'm on my You hear my chair Yeah you're squeaking You're palming keys in the background You're on my squeaky chair And I told you I'm having a midlife crisis But I'm trying to take a day and a job Right? Follow a good depression So yeah at least Some good like at least your buying stuff That's good I like that Well my wife told me today That my 14 year old Will only do with us another four years And I said But where's he going? Because it didn't dawn on me That he's Chris That Chris me I can do whatever Yeah Yeah It never leave it It's crazy when you think about it You know I mean already We've been in 18 I know it's not this little kids in your mind That's why Yeah you know 100% right So I I had two stories to tell you And then I wanted to comment on What we've seen before you said that your kids were Believing the house and I was having a midlife crisis No You know I said In context to that Before the show started I never look at single family homes In this town I just thought I went to a single family homes A sit selling for And I saw my friend Who died of a heart attack suddenly A 51 years old So you know he died Like two months ago And here's my wife It just asked me what's happening with this house Who's living there maybe His wife's living there And there it is up to the It's under contract actually Wow You got a pair of balls I'll tell you that much Because when you buy properties You got mortgages It's a lot of pressure Everything's pressure Yeah I like this kind of Some of the dads not doing well I kind of mentioned last week But he's He's on his last legs Unforgusting a lot of people Fine I sound has a pretty You know good following On our ex muscle everyone seems to You know I'm a pole colon might be his number one Fan I think he set them up something in the mail I could get well letter But everyone seems to like my dad Stories and unfortunately they may not be around for very much longer But he's we moved into a hospice now Which is really it's a nice place But obviously you know you got a hospice to die And I don't know how much longer my dad's got But his body's kind of shutting down That hit per placement he had just had We have to be broke his leg You know just his body just didn't recover from it He's got an infection And something treated right it's just not Doing responding well he's not eating enough And he's just not going He's going to know so I'm like given him like these talks like dad You know and he's not really that cogear He's not that he's conscious But he's really you know I had a whack that of his mind But you know like that you know you don't need to fight anymore You know just you know just surrender and just you know whatever happens Happens and Because you know he said does he know he's like at that stage What would I just he's talking about I don't know if he knows what I'm talking about I'm kind of hinting around him But I'm like thinking I'm like having these very deep conversations I'm kind of it's usually uncomfortable but I feel comfortable because I don't think he was really He's not he's not South London because if the normal South I'm like I don't want to hit his this spiritual crap You know but he's he's he's open hearing now But I'll be like you know he's telling me these people all these people You know chasing me and they won't leave me alone on in my dreams I'm like who are they? He goes they're not alive They're all dead people that I know I said well you know what does that mean? What do you think of me because I don't know maybe I'm dying I said I said you were peace with that I said or you scared you know he's like ah I'm at peace with it And today you know and they moving this house was something I was always less like someone he's like He's he's talking like his father and he's got these kinds of like recipe voice and He says No way I said no way why he goes I ain't giving up or you didn't say ain't because My dad's just over he said I'm not giving up I said I said alright Well, that's you know it's a good attitude I said now he's like forcing you know hold he's like give me that Chocolate shake you know he's like drinking now he's drinking these ensures They have like a refrigerator full of ensure there no one in the place will drink one of them like they everyone thinks to discuss to my dad I think it's like chocolate milk. He's like that's the only thing I'll eat But you know they got a lot of protein even though it's crap in there It's there is protein on there. So he's living on these ensures And you know it's he's coming down to the wire here. I wrote a piss I wrote a poem While I was sitting there all day today It is room I asked I put a no a quest to sell to write a poem for me, but go ahead I wrote a poem about his life. It's called death. It's him talking to death basically and I read it to him and I acted it out like my father would do it And I actually saw it I I don't even know if he's actually if anything's registering I actually saw a tear in his eye And so after the poem I said to him I said I'm thinking all right, well, he's I moved emotionally right if he's got a tear in his eye Like what do you think dad? He's like not bad He's still he's still well then. Yeah, he still got a sense of humor about it. So I've you know, I don't know Like I said, I don't know how much longer he's got some going there every day just because I don't know how much longer he's got And you know we'll see what I will put the sample is out. I'll tell you one thing that those those Hospice places are unbelievable they set up that got there Wow Talking about dying and dignity you know, you give you whatever you want I actually brought my bottle my dad about a bottle wine Unfortunately, I'm the only one drinking it because I need it while there to deal with what's going on But that you want to sip a wine you take two ships Normally you would have down the whole bottle or One is one guy that I was I see all these walking around with an IV and his arm I don't know what's wrong with my he probably would tell me if I asked him but I really don't I find like I don't like to like ask People with the personal problems, but I guess if you're there dying and then when really you don't really care He's like asking me for cigarettes He's probably got like a lung cancer or something but the guy he's like yeah, these nicotine More addictive than any other drug in this world I said yeah luckily never got addicted to that I said so that's where I've been spending my days writing poems That by my father's death bed I'll read the poem after I followed dies I'll read the poem on the ear But I'm like a do before that Yeah, it's I always love the poem Do not go gently into that good night Which was a Tom that I don't even know movies do it was going on I don't know what's on Netflix alone, but I can appreciate it I'm pretty happy you read that school you weren't home schooled way No, but I told you I made it through high school and clicked on something So I would have read that poem and like like it would have been like a game show I could have named that tune I would have read that poem in like three lines It was like 30 lines Dylan Thomas who was I think my but I think my father told me was a I was morphing that I did some like that wrote a poem of two shat You wrote it that poem was dad was dying And he basically was like you know do not go gently to that good night It was rage rage against the dying of light everyone knows it's kind of that's very common Lines from the poem He was basically telling us why don't you know don't give up the fight basically So I wrote my dad a poem symbol to that except he was my dad is art is basically You know telling off death you know in the poem And that's what that was the poem I thought it was I thought it was well done So and I did it pretty quickly it was it was inspired So I'm in it when my dad dies God willing at least we got another couple weeks I'll read the poem I'll get that all and I'll act it out the way I did it for my dad And then if you tell me not bad then I know I know I did a good job I know I did a good job So anyway so it changed a subject to a more positive note As you know you know I've been on this rampage to try to get Heidi Schouppen into the US to compete at the Olympia Yeah, I've been called everyone I know And it happened That's what everyone says No because I I was told when when when I go ahead I'll tell you I happen to let be a story when someone couldn't get into the country I went to my son at an academy and didn't go well Right well I called him in a lie who is friends with Roger Stone Who has a book drop He's getting ready to be a diet and put go ahead Right but he's he's he's a bodybuilding fishing house that I don't know if there if What I try to do is I try to get and if anyone out there knows how to shoot and personally and Yeah, we're trying to get hot and shoot but I it's the guy is hard to get in touch with I can't get in touch with him I called King Kmolling King Kmolling is not really answering me So I don't know if he has access to this guy either I'm like look, have him calling me and let them arrange whatever they got to arrange And then I had another person contact me From what we said the last week and then basically said that there's there's They know a lawyer Who does this kind of stuff There's high you know there's there are exceptions to get people for exceptional people to get them into the country, you know for like this As long as he wasn't you know arrested or something like that or anything I guess he needs a sponsor here someone to sponsor him so I think I say Chris the seat of the sponsor Chris the photomuffin is that actually honey honey Rambot who does this I should be a sponsor We reached out to him to honey never got back to us I think he's mad because the whole Jeremy point to you thing That's that's I'm from I said reached out to my did personally and I'll try this week To reach out to anyway so my friend Chris met from who's you know formally from Australia now lives in Vegas Send me sent me a it's wasn't a serious Facebook He said how do you people will never be at the Olympia and then he sent me to screenshot from Donald Trump's Instagram And it basically says to Iranian president Rouhani never ever threatened the United States again Or you will suffer consequences the likes of which few throughout history we have ever suffered before We are no longer a country that will stand for your demanded words of violence and death be cautious Who's that? Who's that mess? Trump wrote that on his Instagram The real Donald Trump Chris through it wrote he's honey honey, honey, stupid will never When we first talked about it, that's what I said, who do I say would never you know because of who? Trump yeah, Trump it's Trump's policy. I mean that's the reason why you can't get it together Yeah, so it's you know it's aggressive policy I mean aggressive meaning there's like no exceptions you watch I went when when my soon but Callified for the Olympia I don't know what year was 2012 202 I went to see Susan Collins my senator I've met her a couple times You know she's got an office in town. I made it in Poivin when I figured oh you know great I'll be able to you know it's a small state you know You know she has no problem She has she has she has she has you know she's a senator she has more club than like a mayor or or you know You know Bargist dome And she said this you know she looked into it some of you letters and you know after you know Ex Further you know blah blah blah blah blah blah you know like there's nothing I can do at this time Well, but there wasn't a year rested though, but well, yeah, it was it was arrested on it after yeah, he was arrested for on like no charges of no charges Right, but you know what sort of thing look like a trouble maker these guys no one's going to get involved with you know Well, everyone was brown looks like a trouble maker to Trump so You know the ultimate the ultimate like story would be like we get hiding stupid and then it causes problems That Everyone will think Everybody Calling for the Our lives No, no something simple After all this right the drama. Yeah, Mrs. the meeting you know Yeah, Mrs. the the athletes meeting So so Trump allows them in but you know Robin and Steve don't allow them in because he's towards late for the meeting Yeah, they go to be Thompson's gone right decides he doesn't want to go to the trade show Boy, boy, we had a busy weekend in the amateur division. We had a little bit of pro action But let's we'll talk about the amateur risk because this is a this is one of the biggest shows You know, it's funny the NBC master's teen collegiate That's exactly what you're going to do Go ahead. I think there was 1,400 people in the show That's so I knew you're going to say that that's incredible It's unbelievable you know, I want to open my mouth I don't want to get in trouble for it. So who's ever watching you know who runs you know the powers that they and we know who they are Don't get mad at me for saying this because I have to just say it for us because it's it's a little bothersome I think that the application fees for these shows these national level shows is too high Okay, I'm not going to go crazy on them because I understand the concept when we were competing it was What we wanted to cost to do a national level show was it even I don't even know for was a hundred I don't know it's gone up like five or ten bucks a year for the like last 20 years They're too high shouldn't be you know whatever it was I think it was 250 at the show or two seventy five and you know the nationals like 350 and USA is three three Five for applications why does it cost so much to enter these shows? They got enough people now to justify not having to charge them much because they'll still make their money and I understand that it's very expensive to run these shows Okay, the venue and hotel that whatever they get you get a fly of the judges And it's now that they have multiple day shows you have to rent the venue for you know extra days and I understand all that But there's a not when you have 1400 people okay if they all pay at 150 dollars you'd still make a lot of money Right, I mean the stole a ton of money really made it's still over 200 grand right there So There's no reason to charge that much money. I really feel that it's not fairly athletes these I work with a lot of these guys. They don't have any money. They're like you know this is this and they're and then they get a few multiple classes I have guys that doing they're doing classic and they're doing open and masters and three different masters divisions because they have they have an age category 35 45 How about if you pay once you can do multiple divisions or maybe make an extra $50 It's it's too expensive. All right, having said that the shows I want to I'm going to put that the rest because I don't like I said I'm not looking to get in trouble I'm not looking at the start trouble. I just think consider it consider lowering the application fees Okay, now that we have so many people competing. It's you know what you'll get even more people competing. You'll probably still make the same money All right, I said it now let's move on to the show because the show is a terrific show. I had a lot of people in the show and I had a lot of guys winning pro cards and congratulate them But it was a great I mean this show is is a monstrosity Chris four straight days four days of competition which I got a commendgar a unit for because It's cheaper if you don't read the venue for you know so that many days and you try to squeeze it into two But you know what it was so much better for the competitors not have to sit back stage for 18 hours and the judges got breaks and I'm glad I didn't have to go to the show because it's four days of covering a show is not fun But I will say this you know it's much much more manageable when you can spread the show like this over you know four days is opposed over two days And I'll tell you I was looking at the pictures on NPC news online Which I commend them for putting up all those pictures it had to be they must have had 14 people tagging the show It was it was a good show. It was great competition. I have a guy's a lot of depth. Yeah, I have guys on the same people I knew the masters, right. Yeah, I have guys and I had one of my guys do the 60 and over Larry Davis So love the fact that I'm mentioning his name and Larry was second and his way class But there's way classes now now when the night first started 60 over my friend Charlie on so you know he won two years in a row And they didn't even give the pro card the first year a Institute of the second because they realized you know we got to start if we're given pro cards for 15 I wish you give him for 60 though and now they give him for 70 but the depth of the 16 out when Charlie wanted there was like three guys in it You know four guys because there just wasn't that many good 60 year olds now They got weight classes in the 60 know that's how many people they got they got heavy weight. They got lightweight. I light heavy weight. They got lightweight middleweight Some believeable and they got and they fill the classes So I don't know if that means it's just more 60 year old guys are competing now or it means that the guys who are who work competing You know when they were younger and now getting older and there's more people available, but I was trying to figure out the same thing Where does the depth because there's a lot of depth where's everybody coming from because I mean the names are not familiar to me But that doesn't mean that they're not really really good. You know what I was looking through the pictures at the NPC news guys are a fifth place for tremendous They would have been winning four years ago easy. I'm so impressed with the guys the 50 year old guys are unbelievable I compete the scary point is I'm looking at the 50 year olds and I'm like yeah, I competed with him. I can beat him with him That's our show. I'm like I beat him. I'm like I beat him Except if I don't look anything like this guy does now, you know, I get crucified now So I commend these guys that they're still around. They're bodies that still functioning Congratulations these guys What a what a crew they give a lot of pro cards that but you know what that when you have a lot of guys you can justify giving a lot of pro cards If you don't have a lot of guys in your hand that pro cards then I'm not I'm not a favorite that I had a the guy when the lightweight class Joe Russo got his pro card My I'm a You see the every single is the bikini for a cards literally I'm gonna count it up 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 19 pro cards and in bikini and I think there's about 19 and 20 in figure also It looks for a pro card. This is a good show to do it out if you're over the age of 35 That's for sure And you go teenagers I'll tell you I help one of the teens who won this is way class like everything Let's see lost the overall unfortunately It's funny there wasn't that many teens in the In the open category Like you we used to the member teenagers always very competitive. I'll keep it You might have you you helped in the team light heavy. Yeah, I'm looking right now. See in Sam Levin's yeah, it was really good Good shape. Yeah, he's got a good good future. Yeah But what happened now is because they have classic Chris is that they're splitting what they're splitting up the you know and teens don't have money It's nothing these teen guys don't have a lot of money. So that can do two classes most of them unless they can compare it to put up the money You know, which is you know the amount of the teens I can only imagine if I asked my dad hey, that can I have 300 bucks Can I have 450 dollars to do two classes of the teenagers he would been like and I got a paper to hotel and then the hair fed to you You got to you out of your mind I would have had a So shovel side walks all went in and save money for that The older six the guys off the hook Right I mean off the hook It's crazy right I'm so impressed with these guys You can you can't you can't you can't write it in this I love it. I'm like look at these guys. I'm like man. I'd have trouble you know beating this guy You know when I was debating you know some of these guys I Help the guy also a frankpint that we came second and 70 and over and I couldn't believe the the level of the 70s. Well, I when I started in 70. I'm like frank known. I don't think anyone will be you know But you never know who's gonna be there. Oh god. I would never see what these masters people because you get some guy who's just peeled out of his you know I mean it was close you know Get somebody you're all guys don't even look 70. That's the crazy thing. They look you know They look like they're I don't know maybe in the 50s I remember the first year they had the 70 in order The guy looked like he was like you know He looked like he was 100 you know he's still I didn't get impressed with his ink, but he looked you know Look though now these guys are like they're like they look great and 70 I remember when I used to go cover the show all the time that whenever these 70 year olds come out They play the um actually it was used to be when the 60s come out. They probably now that was the 70s come out. They play at the rocky music I don't even you know a day I was gonna say what do they play the rocky music I was just gonna go to guess if I should have should have my mouth It's terrific You know the guy won the over 70 if you look at his packs But Ravenscrot crossed excuse me Ravencruft His packs are like great now like old people you have the saggy boobs. You know I'm getting saggy boobs now and this guy Crosstrated packs right across his nipples. It's crazy. Oh, the 70 which guy bud Ravenscroft Let's see Yeah, he don't look like imagine he's he's yeah, he don't look seven days at huge but he's wrapped I mean and his skin looks great I would see the skin skin We'll get this shit we're talking about now. That's that's how you know we can't get your old man's guys got the skin Anyway, I think that I love the show. It's a great job. I wish I could go to it I because I really didn't enjoy that show everyone's so nice there. You know why because these guys are just happy to be competing They don't have a Pisting matches with each other on Twitter It's the best demographic to itself to also because these guys all buy supplements and everything like that and they have money It's like a different it's a different show. It's it's the tone to this show is so good and so much fun It's like no one it's people think it's serious, but it's like really not serious. You don't even because like It's it's not like it's intense like as when you go to the USA The nationals and these guys are like ready to fight each other back stage everyone is having a good time and they're all hanging out with each other and people become friends You know get make friends when they're there. It's just not the same type of situation as you normally see it as show But you know that's what goes And you know it's funny because I'm not going to read off all of the winners because this is too many of them. I did that last time and Ralph Kochia Who won the 16 over the team universe Actually now they call the NPC universe. They don't use the word team universe anymore. He uh he kind of had someone had contact me He was you know he's competing is whole life. He wanted you to mention them. You know, and you didn't mention him. I got him on an interview this guy He's been competing 40 years Chris since 1978 Crazy and what did a great interview right there with them if anyone has this scene it was this guy's intense. He's been his and he's one of these guys I went tense you were when your body building he's been like 40 years Chris for 40 years. He's been back It's like a love with body building. Oh, he's still just his intense is he ever was in terms of like diet and supplements and training and I love it I'm like how do you do it? I said how did you say so like fuck he's like that. I don't know. Just never stop First show he did in 78 John Kapper one the overall I tell you how long you're always John Kapper one May he rest in peace It's a good one though Did you see the latest the big ramen posing footage beta but dinosaurs all the latest the posing video to said said Forward it to me and I usually do some kind of little analysis of it. Did you watch on the sun? Yeah, I'm sorry. What do you would just think of room? I don't look good. I don't think it's like it was pretty good. I think for eight weeks that is good. Yeah, I think he looks good. I don't think he had an abscess on his glutes. I didn't know. Yeah, I mean he looked good. I don't think like I think he's in a good position. I think he's you know of course he's big but Does he have the biggest glutes muscles in like the history of bodybuilding? It's like it's like they're like huge. Well everything's big. I know it's going to be big. I don't know what your role is you're analysis of it. I thought he was in good condition now that this is a good condition. I think that you know like you said at eight weeks out this is a good look for him now. Hopefully they won't feed him up from here and try to make him bigger. I think that if he continues to come down from this point on he could be really really dangerous. He's got a this something unusual about his physique. I think that's the best way to put it. He's so big everywhere that I don't know. It's like he doesn't look like anyone else. You know what I mean? Yep. That's the best way. He almost has and he's way better than Greg Covax but he's almost very Greg Covax into me. He's got just large big muscles that don't look like anything I've ever seen from anyone else. But yet they're not Ronnie Coleman is shrown type. No. Dense like looking muscles. No. Put it this way. How would Coleman look at weeks out? Yeah, I don't know. Probably whacky. But the point is he doesn't look like any other body I've ever seen. So I think that's what makes it hard to judge this guy. But if he comes in ridiculously shredded I don't think you can deny this guy. Can he? Can Phil beat him if he's at his best? That's the question. Phil would have a lot of trouble potentially. That's that said Phil has without a shadow of a doubt the most amount of polish which is his calling card to last two years. And polish means. Detail muscle that's full and doesn't look flat. And actually expands and contracts when he flexes it because a lot of people they, you know, the inside chest and nothing happens. They look great, get into it, they look great in it. But nothing really happened. Yeah. You know, when Phil gets into let's say a side chest, you know, you see a lot more detail everywhere. Things like pop. Okay, you're speaking of Phil, you know, you did obviously, I didn't notice. We, we, we, we did the show as we were both carrying on about. How I, it's terrible that Phil can't have interview with anyone and I don't understand what this exclusivity is about anymore. There's no magazines, why why is there exclusivity? They should Phil should be promoting the, the limp. And it's, you know, we record on Sunday and then of course, you know, Monday morning, you know, I see an interview go up with the, with the, and muscled moment Ron Harris over there. And I found out that he's not he hasn't been on the contract with anyone for two months now. How we're supposed to know that he doesn't tell anyone. I don't know. But yeah, manager Matt, you know, texted me to it. I'm sure he did the same thing for you. I said Matt, how am I supposed to know if this guy doesn't have a contract if no one tells me? I don't know what the deal is it. I don't want to, you know, put him in an awkward situation, ask him to do an interview with him. If I know that he's on the contract or I think he's on the contract. So, we reached out to Phil. And I'm going to hopefully facilitate this interview at some point in the future. Working on questions right now. And I think I think I'm looking forward to it. I think that I can do a good job at Phil. I think I could bring another side of him out and ask some questions that people haven't really asked him before. Because we know it's an normal. The normal questions are the softball questions, you know, that everyone, you know, it's pretty simple to talk about. The bubble got this to that last year, Louis Marko. You know, I'm kind of like, I've just nothing really. That doesn't interest me. I want to know what makes it feel he detects. That's really the question that I want to know. And then fortunately, I don't usually ask questions based on what I think people want to hear. I asked questions would I want to hear, which is usually what people want to hear. So, Phil would enjoy like breaking down the NBA finals. So, that was the question. Exactly. He's right. Yeah, of course. He's a journalist, much probably more enthusiasm for that than, like, you know, what do you think of. Thanks to Rami and Broden who have all been seconded for the last three years. Yeah. Well, we'll see if that happens. Do you never know? I don't know if we talked about Julianna Malik on any retire. We did. Talk about it last week. We briefly touched on it. We're going to be getting you around the show this week. I hope. It's not this week. Next week. It's always good when you make a big announcement. So, I think we can be a big announcement. I think it's always the best thing to do. Make the big announcement and leave and shut your phone off. Oh, my god. I gotta find out what's going on with her. I haven't feeling she's not done competing. But maybe the, obviously, this year she's not competing. But who knows, maybe she's parked out. She's doing it a long time. She's been doing it a very long time. So, I don't blame her. I did a good interview with... You know, I'm pretty well Steve Cardilla too. Oh, yeah, of course. I love Steve. Steve's one. The real good guy. He knows the history of the sport. He's been around since the beginning. You know. And I'll never forget the original Cardilla belt ads with Paul Damell on it. Remember? Good. Good. And so, he still making belts. He's still making a match. It's every, it's very few people who make belts anymore. He has no competition. No one can keep up with him. If anyone who's out there who has a custom belt. 99% chance it came from Steve Cardilla. And he's giving away a... He made these three years... A couple years ago, it made these... I think there was three of them. Three species belts. Beces nutrition belt. They were like these... Electrical green with the black... Species logo, species in black. And I think... I'm trying to think who got two of those belts. He gave them to me. I think a game went for Brousver's pros or something like that. And this one left I see it when we did the interview Tanging in this store there. And he's... I think he's going to give it away if you post on his Instagram. Why you want the belt? It's a good story. So, I think I remember once that belt. You know, he's made belts for all the celebrities. The rock... That's how he... He's made them for everybody. The actor... He's doing airbrush. Like, like, original art ones now. Like, for some of these... Like, movie stars. Like, the rock... Like, the rock wanted his tattoo on the belt. And so Steve's got this guy who, like, Custom spray or paint on the belt. It's actually... It's probably like more of a piece of artwork. The tattoo along with the word the rock. And it's great. I always said that the weight belt or the greatest, like, canvas, like, to put your message out there. And I think that's what Steve really capitalized on. Because, let's face it. I mean, the belt... You weigh your belt every day, you know. Think about, like, these guys who just wear these different t-shirts or slogans. You could wear a different... If you had, like, five different belts, you would different moods you're in. Or different messages you want to get across. You can kind of do it. I mean, it's pretty cool. Most people when they turn pro, they get the IFVP pro on there. You know, they're belts, you know. I would be pro, whatever the name is. The nickname... Sometimes they make up their own nickname. Put on there. Go on. Yeah. Yeah. The him and Paul the male were very tight. And him and Jose, a good friend. Very good friend. Jose talks very highly. Everyone does. He's one of these guys who's been around forever in the sport. And everybody says something good about Steve Cardell. He wanted to... He wanted to make me a belt, but I said, I don't even... What am I going to do with it? Get the technician on there. Yeah, that's what he wanted to do. So, I'm just hanging my stuff out. I'm just hanging the backdrop. So, when we do a TV program, we can answer that. Oh, so empty. It's got those two little pictures on there. You got... I might look at him get midlife prices or something. I'd be able to give it to my son when he leaves him four years. Yeah. There you go. The real technician. Get on that. I don't know. I'll tell you one thing. You'd love Steve Cardell's house. If you watch that interview, I'd do it to him. There's some footage we show from there. He does these water workouts. He's got... He's got this big dock he built. He lives in the water. He's got this big dock. And he has all these pieces of wheat training equipment out there. And he... Well, if Steve has the amount of him and Jose like lifting with those... Like weird. Yeah, and he's got like water contraptions where you... As you lift, the water pours out of the... He's got like these big jugs on the end of the barbell. They're like your weights. So you start out it's really heavy. And then as the water was pouring out while you're doing the set, it gets lighter and lighter. So you can... You can do it. He's got all these cookie things he does. It's pretty interesting. It's pretty interesting actually. But I don't even care about the way to come in. I love the dock. He's got there. It's this huge dock outside this nice house. He's obviously got it really great set up. And he said he keeps expanding the dock. It's like he owns the whole... It's like a marina he built from self there. It's unbelievable. When the word is a mass. Yeah, you gotta find that. He mentions it in the interview to somebody's. But you'll probably know it's... I was very impressed. He's got a nice little set up there. It's probably beautiful in the summer. It's probably freezing to death. But he goes out there in the winter and trains too. I've seen him. Well, the bundled up, but you know, jack, it's just like that. He says it kind of like wakes him up. It like it really gives him like a surge of energy to train out there. And I'll tell you. When I was... When I was in jail for my five-month-old stint, I then... They had the weight pit was outside. And I trained outside and I'll tell you. It's nothing more in the training outside. And it's great because when the season's changed, you know, you get... When they're, you get freezing cold, you get the summer. It's super hot and then in between it's usually nice. I... I love it. I told you, sir, I was... I was... I was... I was... I was... I was... I was... I was... I was... When he was in Paris, he'd do a set. You've walk outside. And then he'd step outside the gym in a tank top and... ...shorts. And then be freezing. And it's down there until he started to shimmer. He chocked protein. He chocked protein. And he would come back in and he would do another set. And he... he claimed which he was right. That shivering would cause his metabolism to pick up. And then it'd come in into another set. And then go all the freeze. Come back in. Him and Blackman, Blackman should... to be able to search and do very died. Blackman could've teamed up with him to first up on the line. No crumbs, shall I hundred days, though? I wonder what part of your body has to get cold to you. Actually initiate the shivering response. Maybe you can just put like a helmet on that's freezing cold. You know, like a little thermostat. Yeah, you can just put your head in. What part of your body? Does that have to be the whole thing? It's maybe just your head, isn't it? Yeah, what activates the heat shock proteins? Now you send me a picture just now. He texted me a picture of surgery on the human human. That's for you. He'll look really good. Yeah. Pretty intense. So many of you are doing the lip here? No, he's not qualified as your own Tampa. Oh, he's got to Tampa first. I forgot about that. He came in second. I'm going down for it. Oh, you are. He's going out of the house. Oh, okay. So you know what? That's even better because you know who John Hansen contacted me. He wants to know if I needed any help doing some coverage. Maybe he can have a good show. He just admitted to me. Oh, good. Together. Some wrap up. I got Henry P. R. Oh, no. Doing the classic, too. No, you're trying to... He got Richard. I'm just saying I think that might have been the... The botry of the year is placing up in... I think my personal opinion. You know, I put it look really good up there. That's a bit of a show. Well, there he is. I just think you have a picture. I mean, tell me if that's not classic, dude. I'm telling you, the surgery. I love the surgery of the picture. The surgery of the picture is great. Great front double. Why so? He really looks good dad there. He doesn't. Yeah. Henry P. R. Oh, no, I said to you a picture of him. He looks like his dad as well. I thought that was the surgery of the brain just set me. Yeah, I said classic, right? Yeah, that's good. It's good. I like the old black and white picture, too. I thought you sent me surgery of the brain first because it looked more like it was black and white. I'm like, oh, I surgery of the brain. No, it's Henry P. R. No. So they had this show out in... Spain. Spain? The whole lot of pro shows in Spain. It's called Spain Aportical. No, that Portugal was a bit too weak. See, this was Spain. It's called the IFB Big Man and weekend. I like the Big Man show. I wonder if it has a bit. It probably sounds better in Spanish, don't you think? Yeah, probably translate it well. It's probably a much more much easier mode, a word in Spanish, but translates to the English to the IFB Big Man weekend. Which is kind of like, I'm just kind of like a little... Almost there I say politically and correctly, a little gay sound. But I like that. Went down in Berndorn, Spain. Where does that? Berndorn, Spain. It's probably on this. Probably South Spain. And I know I'm going to have a million people who are going to just be texting and telling me, you don't know what the fuck you're talking about today. You don't know a new geography. I don't... I really don't know anything. I'm very ignorant. I don't know anything about Spain, but the answer to that. Except Barcelona, I've been there three to four times. In Valier, who've been talking about all year, as being the sleeper guy in the open division. A lot of people, I thought he probably should have been higher at the last show he did. He comes in here and he wins unanimously. Beating a good line up. We'll talk about the other people in a minute. How good is the invalid year? Chris and your mind, and where does he stack up among the rest of the elite body builders in the open-prod division? He is... By the way, we have pictures at RxMuscle.com. If you want to look at these pictures, we do have conferences. I think I've said it already on the show that I think that if he picks the right show, he can win it. Because he's got size, he's got condition, he's got height, he's got width. But he keeps picking shows where he's going up against people with... Maybe a little bit more flow, more roundness to the packs. Less tall, which makes him look more filled out. So I think for him it was just a matter of picking a show where... It was capable of winning based on his physique, where the show was... ...I don't want to say less competitive, but actually that's really what it is. So where do you see him stacking up? Once he hits the Olympia in eight weeks? At the Olympia, it still appears, not going to do anything in the Olympia. It's not... It's great experience for him because he's young, it'd be a great experience for him because he's qualified, it'd be a great experience for him. Because he's going to have to go against the Grammy types. I mean, I don't know the guy, but he's not afraid to compete. And that's... I don't know if it's a lesson or a good story of that when or his win is that you have to compete to win. There's a lot of people who quote, I know a lot of people over the last ten years who do this to me. I should have done that show, I could have won it. I'd just say, yeah. I'm not saying they could have beaten in a year or like on end of this show. I'm talking like just different shows in the past where people... ...to 12 bodybuilders don't really build their story of his life. Well, I mean, it does outside of the center. There's lots of people. I know lots of people. Not lots, but a small handful who could have won multiple shows or just one other shows... ...had they just done it. Tray Alps was the champion of picking the right show and then winning it every single year. I want to watch the show and win the right show. Yeah. I think it won eight. Eight open bodybuilders' shows. Open, not too 12. Yeah, no, and he was usually to 17, you know, to 19, to 19, usually to 17. You're the best. He wasn't afraid to compete. That's why. Yeah. And you see, giving four weeks notice, I'll do the show. So... Well, I was pretty impressed with Ian. I was also very impressed, Chris, and I know I've sent you the pictures from the show. By the way, thank you for the peer, purely for sending me the show. Yeah, I thought he was great too, and I thought he was great on you along. But I thought he was great. I go, I go, I go, I release from Slovakia, play second here, by one point. I believe. And I was very impressed with him. This guy's got a ridiculous amount of muscle on his body. Yeah, he's thick as a baby. He doesn't have the smallest waistline, but he's dense. I mean, look at those arms. Big legs, big legs, and glutes, and his back shots are pretty powerful. I think he's going to be a future big, big name guy. I really do. I think that we should see a lot from this guy. You know, Jimmy doesn't, you know, try to get too much bigger, because I could definitely see him running his physique. It would be that he doesn't really need much more size, you know, maybe just refinement, some posing, help posing. I was very impressed. Yeah, I was also impressed with the almost everyone in the top five in the show were ultra conditioned. Because we haven't seen a lot of conditioning, grainyness, Chris, and the open division this year. That's been the knocking, I said. Well, the open guy, I was being a real cool to show people were talking about people having tremendous condition. Top five. Yeah, but these are guys that like are not household names, and they're crazy shredded. I mean, this guy, I grew up guy. And of course, our good friend Roman Fritz was probably the hardest guy in the whole show. Maybe to the maybe to his entertainment. Yeah, because he probably could have been a lot more full. And I know Roman listens to the show, and I know Roman knows his biggest problem. He doesn't eat enough food. Because he never thinks he's, he never thinks he's going to be hard hard enough. And he's probably, Roman is probably in better shape, off season than most of these guys are when they can come up. Of course, they. So he does do. He does do many of season pictures once, and I thought this was like four days out for some people. Yeah, he needs four weeks to be in shape. You know, there's nothing wrong with that. By the way, when I was competing the last three years in my career, I used to die for four weeks. I'm not kidding. I would four weeks out from the show. I would start my diet. And the second day of the diet. Do you eat almond domes? Yeah, pretty much. Yeah. The second day of the show of the diet. I would feel like I was dieting for eight weeks, 18 weeks already. Because when you lean, it doesn't matter. As soon as you get to that lean level, you feel just as bad. It doesn't, it's like you just started out feeling horrendous. You know, when you have body fat, you start dieting, you don't feel that bad. You get some reserves to go on. So Roman might need to be doing like, you know, four to six week diets. You know, I would put a little bit of cardio in, not a lot, and maybe 20 minutes. And I would cut back my food, you know, a little bit. I'd be like, yeah, that, my son's calling. Oh, my goodness. I have to show you. I have to do a pause here. A pause baller for our, let me see if my son quites down. This is the chat. This is the challenge of being a parent. Dad, Dad, all right, hold on, Chris. So yeah, I didn't really diet that while I'm Chris back in the day, but I, you know, Roman's got to come to grips with the fact that he just doesn't need to diet that while I'm over dieting, he's not helping him. Now, this guy, Andrea, Munzi, or Munzi, from Italy. I was impressed with him too. Really good. Right. I think he's a conditional. Right good conditioning. Very good. I mean, I see a guy who's crazy conditioned on stage. I'm impressed. And I got to tell you, you know, it just goes to show you. Conditioning, you know, really places you high. Because he has a guy we never even heard of. And obviously his conditioning is what landed him in this top five in this competition. So that's a message. I'm sending this, the judges are sending to all these people because it wasn't five guys in the show. There was, there was a lot of guys in the life. It was 16 guys in the lineup. So, you know, to make top five here, it wasn't easy. You know, so the most conditioned guys with the guys in the top five. And then you get that Mohammed Shaban from Kuwait, who's fifth, who's also really impressive here. So I thought it was a good, it was a good top five guys there. And I think that, you know, if anyone has a take home message from this, it's sharp and shape. There was also a prop, the, the prop bikini on the other hand was terrible because it was four girls in the show. Diana Solomon, one from Hungary, the graduation star. And so that was the, the first rendition of the big man weekend. Take it. You know, I went to school with the elementary school with a kid by the name of Scott Bigman, spelled the same way, Bigman. It was a good soccer player, Big kid. It's always going when your last name is Bigman to have to be like over six feet tall, you know. Imagine if you're like, yeah, you can't. Exactly. Imagine if you're like really short. Obviously, you know, I always think about how these names came about, you know, like in the beginning. Like when people were first naming them each other. And obviously, everyone makes up their first name, but at some point people made up their last name, too, right? They probably was based on what you did, you know. If you were a big guy, there was probably the big man. The kid Scott, Bigman probably his relatives were giants or something like that. So they called him they, they, they, they, they, they, they, Bigman. Get over here, you know. And I don't know what, where my name came from. I think Palumbo means the piece or something like that, or the pigeon, and Italian from what I understand. So maybe they would maybe my relatives were pigeon breeders, but for all I know. Cito means vinegar. Yeah, you guys were vinegar makers. You probably grew grapes and, and from, and you're, you're, you're, you're probably horrible making wine. And they turned it all the vinegar by accident. So they said that we need vinegar. Well, you guys will be the vinegar makers. So they said, we get a seat, though. See, though. Bring us the vinegar. We have to preserve some some pickles. Whatever they were making back of a day. That's the juice. What do they, what do they, what do they tell you? What do they tell you? What do they tell you? Pickle, I don't even know. I don't know. Pickle vinegar for salad. Sorry, who knows? I could be. Yeah. They're, they're, they're, like, like, like, think of some other good names. Like, uh, I don't even know. Schwarzenegger. He was black. They, they probably like, they're, they're like, shots in the egg. It doesn't mean black, black man. I think it does, right? Yeah. Jeremy Boindy. A Boindy doesn't mean good. Well, that's, that's possible. And the one, he says. He's, he. Uh, yeah. Spass a line of tapes like Trump sex lawyer. Yeah, he's got, he's got plenty evidence. He doesn't need it. He's got his photographic memory. Yeah. He's got him. He may have the most photographic memory outside of NASA in this photo body film. But she's hope he doesn't wind up the same way NASA does. I will say one thing, Boston wise, got one cute little kid. This little baby is really cute. Everyone's baby. Everyone is having babies. They're all growing so fast. It's crazy. My, my daughter is six months old. Seven months old now. Just, just turn seven months. And she's almost walking. My son was, wait, my way, way. I think women girls in general tend to develop quicker than boys. But she's like physically, you mean, yeah, physically and emotionally and mentally actually, too. I think boys are just, like, a little behind the girls. I don't know what it is. Maybe all the testosterone and their body just kind of distracts them from developing. I don't know what it is. I haven't come up with my theory shit. Child development theories. I'm like my kids are all enough to really have them. I will have them at some point on how my own child development theories, you know, what's wrong? I told my toy old today at dinner. He didn't need to salmon. His brain would not grow. There you go. That's good. I would use the same thing on a problem. And he would not eat it. He's, he deferred to eating vegetables. Vegetables. Vegetables. Without make my brain go. That's funny. Yeah, I don't know what what age the kids get to it. They don't eat my son. You'll eat anything pretty much right now. I don't know if that's going to change. Yeah, as he gets all the kids taste buds change. I know him's my taste buds have changed over the years. I'm eating stuff now that I never would have eaten 20 years ago. I taste buds are like, it's like, I'm becoming, yeah, what we've talked about before. Been coming out parents. Yeah, I'm something that you eat like my dad eat so much. That's the last time I'm like a little glass of wine every night with dinner. That's probably just to deal with the stress of being a parent. Yeah, that's it. I'm just going to say that's just because you have two kids to say the same one. And I was eating all of the green olives. I've always hated my whole life. I love all of them. But now I'm not allowed to eat them because the garlic breath. As Italians, we emanate our spices through our skin. And then they claim to smell like terrible. The garlic that comes out of my skin is terrible. And I wouldn't argue with, I would present the argument up because I do, I do notice that my skin will release whatever I'm eating. Onions, garlic, that kind of stuff. So I try to just limit it so that I'm not offensive to her. I'm not offensive to her. I'm not offensive to her. I'm not offensive to her. It's probably not a good way to have a good marriage. So I'm willing to give up my great olives. You don't notice the smell of garlic. And she does. You know, you can always taste it a little bit in your mouth. No one can smell you as much as the next person. And she's got a very good taste. I always thought I had to get to the smugs. People always irritated that I would smell everything. And she's way way more, her sense of smells way more cute than mine. Which also is one of the reasons why I think I might be getting Alzheimer's. That's one of the first things to go. You said to the smell, did you know that? I know that. You can't smell things as good. That's one of them. So it's terrible to be around someone who's got to manage it. There's a correlation. Is that true? Yes. No, I'm not making it up. It's a direct correlation. They said that you can't smell certain things. You can Google it. You'll say. Just funny. You know what? I can't smell anything. You know what? I'm serious. We're going to wipe out this. I'm fucking loony bing me too. People. I'm dead serious. If you were in my house, people would say you smell that. They get mad. No, I can't smell it. That's the first time too. I can't smell it. I can't hear it. And now with glasses, I can't see it. Yeah, I can't see anything. So my sense is being dull. So that even makes me think that I'm really losing my mind. Because you know, vision is a huge sense. And I can't say anything up close anymore. I can see distances, but I can't see close. Unless I need glasses. I have contact lenses. This is the irony. I have contact lenses in my eyes. And I have to wear reading glasses really if I want to read something close. That's what happens in the head 50. I said, I hit when I hit 30, I lost. I saw losing my hair. When I hit 40, I don't know what happened to 40. What happened to 40? I have my hair. I just can't smell, see your hair. I'm sorry. But you look at. That's my dad's famous statement. I said, but at least you look good. My father's famous statement is that I look great. I'm falling apart though. So I took a picture of them today while I was laying on his death bed. And basically, dad, you look pretty damn good. I got to tell you. He's like, hey, Kibeli, speak. I show him the picture. He's like, yeah. He created. He's like, he's so main, my father. He's so pit. Matter of fact, in the hospital when he was he was having some really bad days. But I thought he wasn't even going to make it to the areas today. The only thing he responded to, there was a really pretty good look at nurse that was working in the hospital. And she would come in and want to feed my dad. He all of a sudden perked up a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. It was just like, it was probably like a subconscious like perking up because I don't think he really was, you know, even aware of what was going on. But all of a sudden he was eating well for her and you know, and responding to her. No one else he was responding to. I was like, putting my eyes like three inches from his eyes. And I was like, you know, I can get a response. That was the only way I would get a response from him. But like, yeah, but she just had to come in there with feed him and he was like, he was loving it. Let me see what else took place this past weekend here. We had the Los Angeles didn't think the Los Angeles championships used to have a pro open division or my make-up. The cow has one. I put the LA championships to do. I think they think so. You must have changed it. The LA image has showed you. Remember how competitive that is? I know. You used to be crazy. That was like a step away from the nationals. Yeah. Yeah. You know, that's because Chris that's because everyone moved out to California to be professional bodybuilders. So they all did a little bit of a little bit of a show. Yeah. Yeah. Michelle Pinto won the pro figure out there. She's from Brazil. What a resilience. Melissa Bumsted, second place Chris Bumsted's sister. She's got a great physique. You know, I always wondered why she didn't go to women's physique. She's got like Chris's physique. I mean basically Chris Bumsted and sister got the same exact physique. They built tall. These crazy structures. She likes figure though. She likes figure. She was at the Olympic last year. I still think she should do women's physique. I really like her because I think she'd be great at it. But maybe she doesn't want to get that big. I think she's actually big enough. But who knows? What do I know? Third place. Julie Mayer. She's always in there. She's doing it for many, many years. So congratulations to those ladies at the LA Championships. And the only other show of the weekend was the battle in the desert. So he was one of the show. There was a romance physique there. And Anthony Woods took that title. Long Wu from China, second. And Daniel, a month. And called station third. Long Wu, I think is the only real men's physique pro that I know from China. Thank you. Thank you. Right. They got some good, well known that she's a Korean. The Koreans got the good two, 12 guys. I'm surprised we don't see more Chinese athletes. Think about it. They got two billion people there. I was thinking that the other day. How's that? I think once China, like, just really, you know, basically relinquishes control, you know, of all their athletes and let's, you know, really, I guess spread their wings. So to speak, I think we have to see a lot more Chinese athletes. I really do. Like you said, because of the sheer numbers. Indie too. We're going to start seeing some really great Indian by those. I work with a lot of these Indian guys. And I'm telling you, they, they, they, they, they, It was such a corrupt system there that you couldn't get pro cards there. They didn't have any pro qualifiers. Now that the, the, the, the, oh, we've opened up. You, we got rid of Rafael and we, we've opened up the ability for people to, you know, hold pro qualifiers and then you're going to see some great Indian body bills. I mean, there's no reason why a mid-roy had to come all the way from India to the United States get married and then qualify. And it was the most, the most cocky, maybe way he had to turn pro. Now people in India, this pro qualifiers, you know, a good French, the Ruhoads pro qualifying events and this one coming up pretty soon. So we're going to see, we're going to see that this, the, the landscape, I believe in the, uh, some of these men's divisions. And eventually the women's divisions completely changed because you're going to get some really great talent for Asia that we never had before. Because they were restricted. And we can get these people from the Middle East over here from my ran to, I got to give Kamali credit, King Kamali predict it. He said, he didn't remember. He predicted it, you know, because he said this, you know the quote, right? Say it. I know what you're going to say. You say it. He said the hotty chopens are a dime a dozen. Yeah. He used that a permanent dime a dozen. He said this better. And to turn out, they, he kind of is a dime. I mean, there's just a lot of good, already bodybuilders. Yeah. Good genetics over there. tremendous. And you know what the difference is when the country actually surprises and supports the sport, you know, like bodybuilding in, in these Middle Eastern countries, the guys get better because they, they're, they're not like running around scared like, oh my god, I'm going to be arrested. They're like, the fucking government's pay me, give me a house and, and pay me a salary to, to beat the best bodybuilder can beat. Not just if we had that in this country, how good would we just, the talent would be unbelievable if you, if they actually, you know, embraced bodybuilding is a major sport here and they actually didn't try to stick you guys, stick us a jail for being bodybuilders using anabolic steroids. That's the guys would be unbelievable. They would be 25 running commons out there. Oh, all in the lineup. That would be your, Olympia lineup. You'd have four running commons, five running running commons, competing against each other. Yeah. Yeah. I think it was, well, I think it was dusty. The hand show played a joke on a lady who's when he won the North American, so I was classed at the North Americans. And she said, wow, he won the, I think it was dusty. You won the North Americans. Maybe someone won the nationals and they said, yeah, and they said, what he went for that, and they said, the government gives me $250,000 a year. I can just work out. Listen, wow. Yeah, what's his name? Come out. Oh, gardening there. Who's going to be doing the 2012. This guy got paid more money from over his course of his life, right? Yeah. He was, he was, he was, he was quote amateur at a post at a, at a higher than per level salary. What was he making? He told you. He was ridiculous. He was ridiculous. They were, you know, open gems. Like, you know, not lovely, little hole in walls, but, you know, gems are no partners. Yeah. No. It's tremendous. Maybe one of these days our country will lighten up a little bit. I'd love to see. Wouldn't you love to see some of these professional athletes that, like, you're doing, like, football, and they're doing, like, some of these other sports because they can make money there. Actually, using their genetics, like, for to see what their physique development could look like. My god. Yeah. I can't even imagine what the physics would look like. If it was, if it was something that you can actually make money doing. Well, I mean, passion, Trump's money, too. I mean, a lot of people. It doesn't. No, what money doesn't hurt. Money is a very good, a very good driving force for, for guys that have great genetic abilities. Well, yeah. Right. I'm sure, okay. Look, this guy said, would love to probably be professional bodybuilders, but they're, like, you know, what? I could, uh, I could throw a football, you know, 100 yards, you know, and, you know, 20 million dollars a year to do that. So, they had a pro bikini, excuse me, pro, uh, figure division, oh, no, pro bikini. Sorry, division also at this, um, battle of the desert. And I got to tell you, this, Ashley called wasser is on a roll. She's one three shows since her comeback. She's obviously a former Olympic a champ in bikini. And she'll be going up against, uh, Angelica Tashara this year. And, uh, this might be one of the most anticipated battles in the bikini divisions. We haven't seen two Olympic a champs really square and off against each other. Seems like every year there's like a new bikini champ. So, this will be pretty interesting to see what happens. Francesca Lauren was second in his show, India, Paul Lino coming back, you know, after giving birth, very recently coming in third. She's, I believe, for second a third show. And she's placed, I think, top three and all of them. So, who said, given having a baby is, uh, is a death warrant to your physique, because the Indian Paul Lino is looking great as ever. So, congratulations to those ladies. And that was it. That was all the action in the I-3-bit as best we can. But, I will say this, Chris. The schedule's heating up with eight weeks to go to the mister. I want to be a competition now. We're going to start getting so a lot of, like, uh, I think a lot of exciting stuff's going to start happening now. People are going to really start, you know, focusing on who's going to win this Olympia. And the question is, can Phil Heath score number eight? I mean, to put himself in the rarefied era of guys like Ronnie Coleman, Le Haney. He's already tied and Arnold's, right? Seven, I want to be as, who would have thought when Phil first won the Olympia that he was going to win this many? The only person who would probably have said that was Jay Colour, right? Jay said he was going to win 10 right? I was just saying the show dude, because I can't get, I can't get that. I mean, I'm going to say that too. I knew you were going to fall that with. The only one who would just predict that would be Jay. Jay has been saying the only one who would come and answer him. He said he's going to win 10. Jay sent me an email picture of the date he met Phil. Was that anyone who won the Colorado? No, you just, no, Jay went off to guess post somewhere. At the Colorado, I believe, right? And then Phil went off to guess post somewhere. Then he said, I met it. Jay would remember this too. He said that met it. He just started training. And he's a combo wheeler in the room. Yeah, he was right. He was right. Well, one of the questions I want to ask Phil is what year does he think he was best? What would you say? I know who would. I know what you're going to say because we've already discussed this. The year, his best look was at the Sharo without a doubt. And I'm sure he would agree with that. Yeah, I don't know if I saw that one. I think I was a, you were there, right? Yeah. What about the year? You remember we were talking about how great he looked at that 2010 Arnold classic. We were a Ky Green one. I thought he should have showed. Yeah, I agree. He was, he was, he had paper thin skin. Absolutely papers thin skin for that show. And he was, I mean, round the house. Small ways. And structure was just he. He looked good. I think, you know, look, you know, we saved this all the time. And you know what, I'm probably guilty of it, too. We all, isn't it true, even riding to, we get too big. Jay, Jay, it's the quote machine. Jay said somewhere. A long time ago, he told me we were all better smaller. That's a quote from Jay. We were all better, smaller. Because we lose, we lose touch. We always think we got to get bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger does look better in tank tops in the gym, but not necessarily on stage. So. And then again, maybe that's just what happens. Maybe you can't even stop it. You know what I mean? Maybe if you try to not get bigger, you, you couldn't do it, you know. Like if you just keep training and doing what you're doing and taking the, the supplements. Maybe that's just what happens, you know, I don't know. Unless you're pulling like a LeBronian, just not training half the year. You know what I mean? And I think anything. Maybe that's the problem. Yeah, but he was, you know, LeBronian was the Brooney's best was when he won the New York Pearl. Yeah, and play second. Period. Period. I mean, he had a lot of good years, but those years, you know, those two shows were when he was as best. Yeah. And I think I asked him, I think he was 28 when he won that New York Pearl. Oh, really? That's it. Wow. He looked great when he placed the second of that Olympian in the behind the arena. Yeah, it's crazy. That was great. I think the 9 to 9 champions. You know, it is his legs whenever I don't know if he had an injury or he just didn't train them. He had crazy legs. What do you want to do? Crazy. Big, big, big legs. And he never went best body part. Yeah, yeah, no one really remembers LeBronian when he had a huge legs because his, his legs were never great after that. I don't know if he just didn't train them, you know, or if he had an injury. His legs was so huge that in 1999, I told the story a million times. In 1994, I was competing at the NPC's suburban championships. And he was, it was no, it was 92, excuse me, 92. And he was gasposing there. And his legs were so big that he was wearing these pants. I don't even know where he got these pair of pants from. The pants was so big that the legs of the pants were as big as the waist. And he, I remember he couldn't even get his pants off on it. He had someone helping him to get take his clothes off. And when he took the pants off, I couldn't believe how big his legs were. They were huge. And I was just like, holy. Yeah. His guy was enormous. He was never, he had, he would never be that big again. This was in the off season. He was off season. He never, after those like first couple of wins he had in the pros. He never got big, he always stopped training in the off season. And I think it was because after he injured that pack bustle, remember when he tore his pack, he always, he said he was afraid to train after that. He wouldn't want to push himself all year round because he was afraid to pair something else. But man, he had some freaking wheels from hell. Really, very impressive. That a very impressive. Alright, well, Chris, people seem to be enjoying our banter lately. I don't know why, but this is like I said the exciting part of the season. Coming up, we got the, we got the USA championships this weekend, right? That's right. How's Chris? That was a show I used to be talking about. Yeah, well, I don't even know who's in it because God forbid they put out in a competitive sheet or something like that. Obviously, we're going to be getting some new pros this weekend at that show as well in the open division. And that's always a great show. I used to love to go to that show to be honest with you. But then, you know, then they, John Lindsay, who's, I consider a very good friend, who made it too hard, you know, they jump through hoops. I don't want to go to these shows where I get to go to hoops. Plus, it's a thousand people in the show. It's too hard to get to the American show. Yeah, it's one of these long shows. But I love to see, I love to interview the winners of these shows because the, Mr. USA is not like a great title. So you're Mr. USA. And the National Champ is great. And the National Champ is great. And the National Champ is great. And the National Champ is great. And the National Champ is great. And the National Champ is great. It was not a great title, Mr. Minister Mary. I think they should buy it back from who I'm on set. Yeah, I think so too. Even though it's a little, it's, I mean, it's less known than let's say when you are a kid. Right? Keep it a thing made upon. I mean, will there be just great on Mr. America? I mean, that's the open men's, the best, the greatest men's body-building amateur body-builder in the world to be Mr. America. I mean, I remember all the guys who would win the Mr. American, American they would get like belt him could cardill a belts with Mr. Margaro right? Yeah. Moholic opened the gym Mr. America's because he was Mr. Margaro. That's right. That's what he could. What was the name of the town? I think it was in Hexville. It was in the town right by my house. Yeah. I never trained there. I never saw the gym ever. I was before my time. But I heard it was it was the old gym with the paneling on it. You know, remember when people used to put paneling on their walls? Of course. Of course. I still see paneling around. Yeah. It'll probably make it come back, I'm sure. Paneling. No one knows what was walking about. Probably. No, that's why I'm saying paneling. People won't know what it is. Well, though, no. I mean, you can describe it. I can, I'll say how you describe it to everyone knows what we're talking about. If you watch the movie pumping, and you remember the gym Louis Furgno was training it in Brooklyn. It was a whole paneling. It was a little paneling. That was paneling. Why did people panel to like update their place? It was like wood. It was like wood. It was like wood. It was like wood plank. It was like almost like put you how you put down a wood floor. It was like wood on your walls. That was like cool. And think about the whole 70s was paneling because then they had the station wagons with the paneling on it, right? I mean, that's so funny. You can have right on the outside of the. Yeah. It was like the cool thing to do to have like paneling on the outside of your wood paneling on your station right in there. But that who would put wood on a car? You know, that was really wood-bought. No, but sure a lot. It's just, you know, everything comes full circle. I guarantee it'll make it come back. It's a little different type. Yeah, that's like some of the type of paneling. It'll be like a cooler version. This is cool. I got to have that. They have to call it something different though because paneling is just not sexy anymore. You know, wall covering. Kind of like, you know, wood plank blowing there. Something like that will come up. It's a better crazy name for it. Or Zilly and wall cover. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, they got to throw like an international name and they're like, it's been like. The Amazon rainforest. Yeah, they got it from. Something like that. That's a little make it more appealing. So anyway, I'll be spending this week probably mostly except for Tuesday and Wednesdays when I do filming will probably be my dad's. I should set up like a cat. I should set up like a webcam there. The case by dad does says anything like really, you know, I'm waiting. I'm waiting. You need to. You need to because you. No. I mean, you. I've been video to. What I do is I fall my phone out. Yeah, I pull my phone out and I put the video camera. I started asking questions. I'm like that. I'm like, I'm like waiting for him to give me some kind of like, like from the heavens. He's drawing him, you know, some kind of tremendous like. Words of wisdom for me for the rest of my life. I'm waiting for the deliver something like that. But he hasn't. Yeah, it's all been gibberish pretty much. But I know my daddy's so creative. He wouldn't just go out like with without a bang. He's got to get him. He's got to hit me with something, you know. You're going to pull the fire on the front of the place. He can't even lift his hand up. He can get out of bed now. That would be some miracle for sure. It's a little sad. Well, it's a, you know, I got to just say these these hospice houses are just unbelievable. They have like rest like a cafeteria there. They have like, you can be that you can say the 24 hours a day if you want. They have a pull out bed. You know, you could have, it's, they have a beautiful garden and water. I'm like, I think it holy macros is so nice here. It's what a great place. It's great idea. I like man, look at that fountain. I would kill the heaven. My house and everything's donate, you know, pretty much a lot of stuff is donate by people who were there before. And it's a very peaceful environment. I recommend that you have any loved ones that are, you know, have their days of numbered. Look at the hospice. It sounds like a depressing thing. It's completely not depressing. It's like it's, it's dying with dignity. Really. I mean, it's what it is. It's funny that Dr. said to me, I was trying to decide what to do with my dad. And because I didn't want to pull the antibiotics, but they really weren't working. And I just felt like, you know, it's just like, you know, it's not the right decision. And he's like, look, let me ask you this question. You follow, obviously, it's, it's Kim. He's, he's got dementia. If he was fully, you know, aware of what was going on. It can articulate the way he did in his young years. What would he say given the situation? If he was looking into the situation now, I'd say, you'd get me. I'd say, well, I said he told me to get a gun and blow his brains out. The doctor almost thought a laughing. I said, I said, I said, and my sister said the same thing. I could say I'm pretty much, you know, she was there. And I said, yeah, now he wouldn't want to. He wouldn't want to see you end it. End it, end it, end it. He was telling me to call Jack of Orcine five years ago. You know, and, and, and, because he was, you know, Well, that was the, that was the dramatic. Yeah, which the funny thing was, my dad was in more pain five years ago, then he was now, which, which tells me that it was probably mental pain. It was in more so than physical pain. Because he's only, he's on like, no pain. No pain. Meds now. He's met amazing. Yeah. I told you, my dad was on 80 milligrams of oxycontin twice a day. And it wasn't any bestillin pain. He was telling. He would complain. But because it's in my, he must have been going through a painful point in his life emotionally. It was mental pain. Because it's nothing like emotional pain. It was, it's a total mental pain because as soon as he's, his dementia got bad where he couldn't remember anything. And he couldn't remember his pain. He wasn't in pain anymore. Is that crazy? Is that the only area of life? Yeah. Well, that's the, yeah. The week and create our own pain. It's suffering. What? That's why it was tell people. It's a quarter of the week. You get what you think about whether you wanted or not. My dad was thinking about painful thoughts. And that's what he, that's what he was in. As soon as he couldn't, he couldn't make those thoughts anymore. Because he couldn't, he remembered the thoughts. He was out of pain. Isn't that a, if that's not causing effect right there. Think about it. My dad, you know, supposedly, you know, chronic the, the genital of our spinal arthritis, which, you know, that's where it claims his pain was coming from. Which it should have gotten worse and worse from worse obviously, right? His, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his pain got better. Less and less. And if that's not like a message out there, guys that, you know, sometimes if you're, if you're feeling chronic pain, or you're feeling like something is like, always wrong with you. Maybe it's the way you're thinking. Change you thinking. Not, and people, they have to go through it. People, people, they have to go through it. People, sometimes it's easier to do that. Yeah, but you know, because people think they have to go take these yoga classes, and they think they have to go and be retrained. And you can change the way you think in three seconds. You don't need to read any spiritual books to do it. You don't have to watch any way in dire seminars. You don't have to listen to Anthony Roberts, Robbins. You can just change the way you think and just stop. Let's say the buck stops here today today. I can say I know a lot of people have to, they're depressed all the time. And they think their life sucks and they don't realize how good they really have it. And it's just like, just because they all they do is just dwell on the negative. Just change the way you think today. Think, think about, no matter how bad everything that's going to be. Think about how bad everything that's going in your life. Think about good things that are going on in your life. Just focus on that. Try it for two days. I'm sure you can, you can manage to do for two days. I guarantee you things will change in your life. I promise you they'll change in your life. That's how sure I am of it. And on that note, we're out of time. Until next week, remember with heavy muscle radio? The truth hurts. Good night, everyone.