Day, Palombo here with Chris Asito, for an RX muscle, news update, the Tampa Pro 2021 open class has led out. Chris E. Invalier has won the event. He is going back to the Olympia, as predicted he came in here and he took home the victory. The question is, how good of the victory was it from on first impression, what did you think of Ian? I think it's his best ever look by far. He looks bigger than he was last year for sure, but I think his condition was better than it was overall last year. He had good fullness, which is really what he needs. Going forward, let's say from last year, how can you make the, what can I improve? I think on his physique, fullness is more important than like mind, boggling condition, but he was full of the other last year for sure. Right. And his condition is just better here than it was last year. He got, it's he a guy like a dentist wolf that if he comes into flat, he'd be just over the wow from his physique. Yes, you know what? I think last year, like I was critical of his condition when he won whatever it is that he wanted to take a new pro or whatever show he won. And he got beat by Hunter of your member last year. Yes. And then next week, yes, he want to show. And I think in both of those shows, you know, he looked good, but I think here the added size helps give the illusion of more condition. And outside, remove the added size, he definitely had better condition here. So not only did he get bigger, but his condition improved. I mean, he didn't have these glutes and hands and back detail last year. So that's all improved. And as part of the improvement is more development, I think he's got better developed hamstrings here. He's got better mid and low aback, but his condition here is, you know, for for that size is spot on. Even his arms are bigger from behind this year, I think. Yeah, I think people are a little critical of him because they were expecting, you know, and you said this before, I mean, you're probably one of the people who puts down the internet as much because, you know, when you put pictures up on Instagram, you know, it's not a true representation because it's like putting a gym photo of you in a tank top. You know, you can look like the Dennis James looking Mr. Olympia in the tank top as a gym. And, you know, I'm sure if you put that picture on Instagram, people would be like, how did this guy not win the Olympia? You know, and so, but I think this was a good stage look for him. And I think you're right in the sense that he had the fullness with conditioning. He's still the most conditioned guy or pretty close to the most conditioning. I maybe still, well, I was a little tired of it. It's structurally, you know, he's really good. And I think when he fills out that big frame of his, it's impressive looking, you know? Well, the number one Colin Cardazee has is the frame. It's like, I mean, the Dennis Wolf was a perfect example. Dennis Wolf had shows that, you know, when he was round and full, even if his condition wasn't spot on, people loved him and the judges loved him as opposed to when he tried to like dial it in and bring it like, you know, a super tight look on that frame. It's so wide and big, you know, it acts as a detriment chasing condition. So for the big, for someone who's big and wide, it's always important to try to keep your fullness. Of course, the criticism is when you try to keep the fullness, that's the same thing Dennis would sometimes, you know, experience. People said, well, you gotta bring it in tighter. So I think for this, for this show, this is, I don't think, I think this is compromise. Yeah, it's a perfect spot on way to come in. He's, you know, big, full and hard. Phil Khohar, you know, I worked with him in the past and, you know, this guy has the ability to get ridiculously ridiculously tight and shredded. And, you know, that's his calling card. He has good shape, but, you know, obviously, I don't think he's as complete as in Valier and I, you know, a lot of people thought, you know, well, maybe Phil could win the show because he was really, really tight, especially from behind, but I think at the end of the day, I mean, it comes down to, you know, muscle size and structure at some point. I think that's why Ian was able to, you know, securely win unanimously. Yeah. I thought, I thought he'll look tremendous, like his, his backshots with the condition was like absolutely outstanding and from the front and from the side. Yeah, he's improved, too. He's improved. He's improved. You know, he's teased bigger and he's harder. And, you know, this is his best and I think that if Ian was like, quote, not full enough or just not as tight enough, you know, Phil could have landed in the first spot, but I think it was a very well deserved second place and his condition was really, really outstanding. I mean, he was super tight in the backshots, like a really tight. And this, this shot you put up too, side chassis, super tight, pecks is threaded. Yeah, Wilson Ham's are like really dry. And I know these pictures don't really show what people's true condition is. So, you know, he looks super tight here, but, you know, I'm sure in real life is even tighter. He's a guy who works his butt off and, you know, what, he, he, he, he lives it. I mean, he, he, he doesn't care. You can make him suffer as much as you want. And I'm sure he worked this whole off season on making improvements to his music, which I see did and he brought the conditioning and he needed to. And you know what, he was rewarded for it. I think I, I love to see guys get rewarded for hard work and bringing something special to the stage. Let's face it. Every guy in this pro lineup is a, is a, is a genetically superior to the average person. So, all these guys have their own gifts. But if you can, you know, make your gift, or bring your gift to the stage at its best, then, and then you get rewarded for it. You can't, you can't come away from the show with bad feelings. I'm sure you wanted to win, but at the end of the day, he knows he was his best. So, I think this was a great second place for him. Well, the effect of the matter is in Chicago, technically on paper, he got smoked. Yeah. He was like out of the top 10. And I think he was overlooked there. Yeah. You know, when, when you get overlooked, it happens sometimes. When you get overlooked, it's just hard to bounce back to another show mentally for a lot of people. You know, they, they, because what happens is they, you know, have a thousand different opinions from a thousand different people that say, you know what, Phil, what you need to do is this. And, you know, half the people say, fuller, half the people say harder. You know, some people say, fuller and harder. Some people say, you know, you come in and too soft to tight, you know, you flat because you were bigger two weeks out. So, pinned the bounce back like that from a bad place and not a bad showing. It was a good showing because in terms of looking great. But it's a great bounce back and it's good to see it's great to see, like solidly in the mix of first place because the judges obviously, you know, looked at him and couldn't deny that type of condition that he brought. Now, third place Charles Griffin, you know, this guy gets bigger every single year, he gets improved. He has a tremendous amount of mass on his body. And for me, I always thought, you know, he's got that very short torso, almost like a guy greenish like short torso. And I think that that can sometimes hurt him a little bit just because maybe he doesn't have the crazy, crazy V-taper of, you know, of some of these guys. But what was your overall impression of Charles here from on a scale one to ten? You know, he's stuck there, you know, like an eight or so. I think just what happens is he's going to get in who's very wide. In a bigger guy, you know, and he's going up against Phil, who just brought in, you know, his lifetime best-dense. Phil was just dense city. So, you know, the odd guy out, you're not as wide as in Valier. And you're not as dense, even though you are a very dense bodybuilder, you're not as dense as Phil. So, you know, you land as high as you can in a show like this. You know, it's a deep show. You know, third place is nothing to sneeze at. You know, he looked great. And I think he, you know, I mean, he's markedly better than what he was the last couple shows. I don't know if he had injuries a couple years ago or peaking problems, but, you know, he looked really good here. All right. I think he's his size and fullness with the best they've ever been. He definitely got bigger from the last time he saw him. I think he could be could have been a little drier, maybe in the glutes. I mean, and hamstring, I mean, that's being like super picky, but I think with his structure, because he does have the short torso, if he was a little harder, I think he would have had a little more wow to his physique. And I think he might have snuck by Phil. I don't think he would have been in, but I think he could have snuck by Phil if he was tired. Possibly. Yeah. He possibly got him snuck by Phil. It's tough to say, because then he got more muscle than Phil. He does what they're the torso on the front double and the abshot. That type of condition that Phil was in. I don't know, even if this guy was even tighter, I would have put him ahead of Phil. Possibly. Let's talk about fourth place max troughs, because max has been on the upsurge. I thought the last show we talked about his physique and how he actually was might have been the best he'd ever been, compromised for upper body and low body. I thought his legs look really good here, but what was missing from max and why he's the end of this top grade? You know, like he's just the other three guys were better. You know, Anne's bigger, you know, with better condition, Phil has got better condition. And Griffith's got better legs. And Griffith's got better legs and better glutes in him. So, I mean, this was a really tough line out. I thought max was better. Yeah, two weeks ago, I think he's better than Chicago. Yeah, I thought he was the I thought he was better in Chicago. That's the point I was trying to make. I just think he had a better combo of leanness or water lack of water retention there and you know, which could have given the illusion they are fullness, but he just looked better. They have fuller tighter. I mean, look good here. I think his back shot was pretty good. His hamstrings and glutes were pretty good here. Yeah, I feel like maybe he's a little flat. Maybe I don't know. Is that is a possible? I don't know. His upper body doesn't look as much. Doesn't look as it's. It's a little bit. Yeah, you know, I think is that the way it is. So, this is the reason why let's say when Tbilicalhar gets on paper smoked two weeks ago when you get a million different opinions. The, you know, max probably, people probably judges and clued it said, bringing the glutes in him's brought him in, but the back thickness is like not as thick as it was two weeks ago. So it's like a trade off. Right. It's fullness versus, you know, it's, you know, it's, you know, unless you're like, Coleman, you know what I mean? We have everything right. Roddy had everything. Like he could get everything. I mean, he did look at that. If you look at that picture, you know, he did what he needed to do. This is the best. I mean, from the back, I've ever seen Max Charles. I got to tell you, you know, it's a good balance of glutes, hands back, but you know, I think it was better in the back from the trunk sub two weeks ago and, you know, let's talk a most shabon in fifth place. What do you think? Give me a comparison of the last couple times we've seen him to this, this time and did he deserve was the fifth place right call for him? Yeah. Do you know, he could have placed higher? I mean, all shows he can place higher. That's a crazy thing. That's right. Yeah. What would you like to see improve on him? Because he's really, I think he's really good. I think he's one of the most ungraded. I think he's very underrated. Yeah. I mean, that front last friend, it looks like you know, five six version of hands with that allakes. Yeah. I mean, you know, back up his back shot is unbelievable. You know, so he's, he's really, really good and really underrated. I mean, that back double was really good. I mean, he was saying, you know, Jose would say that they're judging him on height. That's true. You know, is he short? I'm not sure. I didn't know. You know, he's the one that the short guy is up there. He's outstanding. I mean, everyone's got that you can nitpick and say, could his back be tighter? I guess. I mean, I suppose so, but, you know, side chest is outrageous. Front double front last for the outrage is most muscular is outrageous. You know, lot of size, density, volume, per square inch. Yeah. That sounds like a guru formula. I want to. I want to give a little props to Sunchul Lee who is in six place. I don't know, was this his pro debut on that short? No, he competed in Romania. People left him there. They loved him there, too. He's really good. I mean, this is a good, this is a good front double firm, you know. I think he, he made some great improvements from last year, too. Yeah, he's really good. He's, he's really good and, um, you know, he needs a little bit more muscle-church majority. I think he'll be tighter from behind. Yeah. Really good. I think we're going to see a lot from the sky in the future. If he can show those legs, arms, you name it. He's got it. He's got, uh, you know, get a lot of people would say, right? Yep. Why did front last break? You wouldn't tell there. It looks a little, you know, possibly never on the front double, but he's very, very impressive. Well, I thought the Tampa Pro was a great show. Obviously, we had Carrot's Bajow when, uh, yesterday in the two-off of the day. You might go, I, oh my god. You do do do. Carrot is a great guy because, you know, he's worked his way up from like the ground floor. I mean, I just, I sort of work with my team. He's got talent. I wanted the team universe masters, you know, division to get his pro-card. You know, people write those guys off, you know, and then he just, I said, this guy's got the ability to do well, and he made a lot of improvements over the last couple of days. I called him a wet day off the hour. I have no problems saying what I'd lent him. Yeah. He's a triple nobody. It's, in other words, he's a rocky, he's a rocky. That's it. He won the show convincingly. He arguably, he could have, he could have won Chicago, you know, I thought he was the densest, you know, guy up there, he had, you know, as good if not better condition than the two guys who came above him, they rewarded him here for having the best condition. But when I say triple nobody, I mean, he's, you know, you, what working with him, you know, took him essentially from masters' nationals, right? I mean, if you had, right, when you won the Masters' Nationals, I mean, it was masters like team universe. It was masters. Yeah. Masters team universe. So the point being that if when he won the Masters team universe, if, you know, he had told people, I'm going to win one of the most competitive two-twelfth shows of the year in 2021. People would have laughed at him. Yeah. This is, he, he, he's a lot more impressive than people think, because he has dense muscle everywhere. Yeah. That's a good front of vice update. There's like, you know, crazy V-taper, he's got wheels. You know, he's from the New England area, you know, and Connecticut and Jose, you know, had seen him and Jose told him, so the same thing he was, man, you're going to, you're going to, you're going to devastate some people once. Jose is always on the money. He told me like four months ago he said this guy's winning shows this year. Yeah. Yeah. No. I knew it. I didn't want to get him too excited. You know, you know, how when you, when you were, you know, you know, you don't get to want to like get him too pumped up, because yeah. Yeah. But he's, he's very grounded and I think, you know, he's, he's, he's a really good guy, too. Like, you know, he's, he's just like a very humble, and I think that I'm so happy from that he's going to the Olympia. Like, I, I think I'm happy that he is. Actually, I think all I thought Dave, when he wanted to say, I wonder if Dave will go to the Olympia this year. I don't, that's that portion, but we'll get another variant. You'll be stuck on the right. Well, now they have the gamma variant coming out. So I think that's awesome. Like that. Well, anyway, I want to just congratulate you in Valier and Carruth, Madjo, great job guys. And great job for the whole line. It was really a great show put on by, obviously Tim Gardner. They did a great job. The Tampa Pro is really raised itself up to, I think, a real top-tier level show every single year. And I, I enjoyed, you know, even though I was home, I enjoyed watching the pictures and the videos and all that stuff. So once again, we will do a full wrap up of the entire show on heavy muscle radio on Monday for now on Daypalumbo with Chris Asceto or another RX muscle news update.