I'm going to be launching the tasty pastry with the low-car caulk tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. I'm Dave Palombo and today is Friday, August 6th, 2021. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Happy Friday, ladies and gentlemen. Not only is it the last day of your work week. It's also the Tampa Pro evening, and I want to start today's show off by highlighting two matchups in the men's open and in the 212 that I want you to keep your eyes on, heading into this weekend. I'll start with the men's open where I think we can expect to see fireworks between and Valier, Charles Griffin and Max Charles. These three bulk look like they're coming into the weekend in the best shape of their career, and they're all coming in with a chip on their shoulder because they have something to prove for Ian as a seventh place finisher in the Olympia last year. I think there's a certain expectation for him to show up and take care of business here, even if he's up against the heavy hit or like Charles. And for Charles Griffin after sitting out from most of the full year, being able to get a win here over an athlete like Ian Valier would immediately throw his name into the mix as a top 10 Olympia contender, which comes with its own set of pressures. These two are prime for a head to head collision right now, and in this moment, it honestly does feel like a coin flip for who comes out on top. Two weeks ago at the Chicago Pro, all anyone could talk about was the carnation of Keon Pearson and rightfully so, the kid was amazing and probably even exceeded expectations to a certain degree. But right behind Keon in second and third, there was also a serious battle between Amad Al-Dassani and Carthbazio. And this weekend, these two were about to run back to back, starting tonight. We talked about Amad heading into the year as a potential top 3 contender in this division and up to this point he's looked apart. But for a lot of people, Carthbazio performance in Chicago was even more impressive because of how much better he got from the last time he saw him. And without Keon in this lineup, these two sitting at the top again, well, all the pieces are in place for a major showdown head to head. And considering how much is on the line here, there could be a serious implication for whichever one of these two ends up taking the back seat. If memory serves, we haven't talked about the Europa Pro championships much lately. But now that we're less than two weeks away, I figured I might as well dive right in with this brand new update from Jose Maria Mette, Florida Berry, who will be known from here on out on this show as the Madelman. Because there's no way I'm saying that name over and over again all year long. Who makes the go Madelman confirmed that he was, in fact, planning to compete at the Europa Pro championships despite the fact that he's already qualified for the Olympia, thanks to his win at the Portugal Pro a few weeks ago. If there were any doubts about how good this guy was heading into Portugal, they're long gone now. Because I think he proved once and for all that the rumors about him being a top 10 Olympia guy were all true. And if he shows up and spying even better than he was in Portugal, at that point, I think we'll have to start having serious conversations about where he fits into the hierarchy of this division. One of the other big names in Classic Physique that we're looking forward to seeing at the Europa Pro is former top 10 Olympian David Hoffman, who set to make his season debut there, even though we haven't seen David since his disappointing 12th place finish at the Olympia last year. The reports that I've heard from people close to his team are that he should be coming in significantly bigger and with better condition than we saw at the Olympia as one of the 12th of guys in the division, Hoff has the ability to be overpowering in certain poses when he's dialed in. So if he does end up being as good as people say he will, then it'll be interesting to see if the old theory about the old big man beating the good little man can still hold up in the modern era. And that does it the end another edition of Muscle in the Morning on the Palombo Reminding You to Always Be True to Your Patience and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.