Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X Pro. There's 30-year-in-a-row and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry. It's a low-car hot tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to Legendary Foods, Muscle in the Morning. On day polombo and today is Wednesday, September 30th, 2020. And let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Ladies and gentlemen, it's the last day of September and I can think of a better way to close out the month than brewing you up a fresh pot of recap Wednesday to get you going to the morning. Let's start out in beautiful sunny San Diego where there was plenty of men's physique action to go around at the border states pro. And swooping into steel a huge win here was India's Buwan Chuan, who caught everyone by surprise. While second place went to the dangerous one at Stephen Chow, who's only gotten better as the year has gone along. Jason Hunnib slid in to third with the solid effort which forced rookie Miron Griffin to settle for fourth in his pro debut. And closing at the top five year was another impressive rookie in Artson, Edyan. We're staying put in California for this one because it's literally in figuratively the hottest spot in bodybuilding right now. Especially if you were lucky enough to be in the vicinity of the Tahoe pro bikini last weekend. The big story here was Casey Sam Cell, who was absolutely dominant from the moment she stepped on stage. And the judges rewarded her with career win number three for her efforts. Ashley caught Wastard turned in another solid performance here, which she comfortably slid into the second place position. While New York's Gabriella Messiahs fore home, the bronze by Angie out, eventual fourth place finisher, Breona Martinez. And round the out one of the strongest top five groups of the season so far was the impressive rookie, hope harbor. I haven't watched the news yet today to hear what the ratings were for last night's presidential debate. But I'm sure the numbers were insane. That being said, I think they both have a hard time winning the popular vote against Rafa Brendeo. On Monday Rafa released progress photos, a few weeks out from his season debut with the Europa pro. And based on some of the early polling numbers it looks like he might be on his way to winning by a landslide. Here's the thing about politics and bodybuilding. Winning and losing are both completely dependent on whether or not you're peaking at the right time. And if Rafa really is starting to hit his stride, it sets the stage and then he'll have to start pulling away from the pack. Sometimes getting the proverbial monkey off your back frees you up in ways that makes everything feel like it's finally falling into place. Just ask my buddy in Valier. Since Ian locked up career win number one for the year, a few weeks ago, he's been training like a complete savage. And the way that his body's responded has been incredible. This is the scary 1990's throwback version of Ian that we've all been waiting for. And when we all projected ahead to what he could be a few years ago, this is the guy who I think we all had in mind. He has a unique look that no one else on that Olympia stage has. As long as he keeps playing his game, I see Ian as a dark horse threat to crack the top 10. And that does it the end of another edition of Musselin the Morning on the Palombo reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.