I'm going to launch the tasty pastry for the low-car hot tart. I've got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. Today is Thursday, June 30, 2021. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Welcome back and happy Thursday and happy July. Ladies and gentlemen, today is July 1st and I normally wouldn't go out of my way to say that. But today's the day that Breon Ansley officially starts his Olympia prep. So I figured what to heck. According to Breon, this is the latest that he's ever been. At the start of an Olympia prep, which he believes will be an advantage because he won't have to die as hard as he had to in the past to make way. Now, whether or not that strategy is enough to earn him back the title of remains to be seen. But I do think that approach is interesting. He made a strategic effort to put himself in the best possible position to win this year. And that adds another layer of intrigue to keep up with once we analyze everything else after it's all set and done. At different points in the season, you can see athletes starting to build momentum after they get things figured out. And more often than not, that momentum ends up leading to something down the road. And I think you can make a strong case for Mohamed Shabon being one of those athletes right now. He had a decent start to the season a few weeks ago at the Cal Pro. But he really kicked things into height here with his second place finish at the Puerto Rico Pro last weekend. Now you can feel the momentum starting to pick up as we head into one of the busiest stretches of the season. He's doing all the right things to make sure that he keeps getting better every time out. And I would not be surprised if he ended up sneaking in a win between now and the end of the summer to clinch and the Libya qualification and bring this whole thing whole circle. There are six weeks to go. All gas and no brakes. Those words came directly from Ian Valier on Monday. And in case you couldn't already tell, he's heading into the Tampa Pro next month, looking to play for keeps. A few weeks ago I heard that Ian's weight was floating somewhere around 270. And he was in good condition then, but he's even better now. The man knows how to work and that's been evidence throughout his entire career. Whenever he flips that switch, there is no turning it off, which means that it's pretty much a downhill sprint from now until Tampa. And if you can get out to the lead, I don't see anyone catching him from behind. We've talked a lot about the two 12 division and what the Olympian picture might look like later this year. And some stuff that we've seen so far in the schedule. But all in all, one of the names we haven't talked much about is Kamal Old Gardnae, which means that we haven't been doing our due diligence. Because the former two 12 Olympias champ is ready to take back the spotlight again. Earlier this week Kamal released the first official progress photo from his Olympia prep. And as usual, he looks like he's right on the money. Kamal has finished first second and third in his last real Olympias. So if there's anyone who knows what it takes to compete at the highest level, it's him. The man has been a winner throughout his entire career and he isn't showing any signs of slowing down. And since he's already made history more than once, I damn sure wouldn't be the one to say that he can't do it again. And that does it yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning. I'm a staple of Olympo, reminding you to always be true to your passions and they should follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.