Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X-Motor 30 year in a row. And what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry with a low carb clock tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. I'm Dave Palombo, founder of Species Nutrition. I created Species Nutrition with one mission in mind to provide bodybuilders and serious athletes with no nonsense supplements that work and are backed by science. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body and that lives on in this species nutrition line of products. We use only top of the line formulations, toast for maximum results and the best flavoring systems available. I've put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition products. If you want to be your absolute best, join the evolution. Welcome back to Live with brought to you by Species Nutrition on Dave Palombo. And today we're joined by our 2020 IFVB Tampa Pro Men's Bodybuilding Open. That's a big title. Second place finisher, runner up our good friend Ian Valier, welcome back to the show. Any of a pleasure to have you on the show. Yeah, you're on the road. You're in search of a refrigerator. Yeah, just a inventory. I'll train with one of my buddies and pick it up for it. Just down here for a couple of days and join this. Good gyms here. A true bodybuilder will go in search of a refrigerator and will drive two hours to do so. Which I find rather admirable on your part. This is what you use Melissa to blame. This is kitchen renal's wife edition on this one. This is not me. It's like a big French door fancy one. We're just in the process of redoing our kitchen. So I thought she found one that she really liked. So I was like, well, it's exclusive to come out here and train. So you know, you'll search high and low for a pair of 180 pound dumbbells. She'll search high and low for refrigerator, you know. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. I'll tell you something. I was in the market for a freezer because my garage freezer burnt out. And there's no freeze is to be boy. You know, because all these people are hoarding food. So you can't buy a freezer and lows home depot. And they're all out. Everyone bought them up. Yeah. So I was in a, a lows the other day just picking up some stuff and I just happened to say, hey, I know you guys probably don't have it. You guys have any freezes to like actually, free came in the other day. We have one left. So I was like, what the freezer was you'll have to bought it right then. They delivered it and it was like dented. It was like, it's like, oh fuck that. Like so. I actually had to, they actually said, you know what? Keep the freezer for now and then when we get a new one in. Which could be who knows. And here from now we'll replace the dented one. It's crazy. We love them crazy. Anyway, speaking about crazy times, when you travel to Tampa, which I'm glad they actually like you travel to Tampa, that must be it was that a problem. Just the travel general. I'm looking to find out. No, I mean, as Canadians, we have no issues traveling into the US. It's just the quarantine when we return. But no, it's it was honestly the travel was easier than normal if I even say so. Like the airports were so dead. Right. There was no lines of customs like anywhere. I mean, it was it was awesome. I mean, you know, you had to pick up the litter in terms of seating on the plane. I mean, you know, I paid for first class flight. But I kind of fucking regretted it when I got on the plane. It was empty. I could just sat there anyways. But I mean, yeah, I mean, it was it was it was good traveling all the way there. And on the way back, it was fine. Just, you know, when you come back then onto the Canadian side, they kind of, when you come through customs, they kind of, you know, give you the ropes of, you know, what the processes for the quarantine and make you feel some paperwork and stuff like that. Who's in forcing the quarantine, I knew. I mean, they have the Ottawa, like, so the city, I live in the, they will send. I didn't like, it's not everyone will have it. But they sometimes do send the police by your house just to check if you're home and an abiding by it and they'll call you and stuff as well and just, you know, ask some questions and stuff. But I mean, you know, with how many people you have come in through the border, because Canadians, it's pretty fucking impossible. Yeah. Yeah. So they decide to post to solve a lot of foreign. I think they really use the quarantine more as a deterrent to travel, because for the average person to take, you know, two weeks off work and write these kinds of things, I think it's more just to deterrent than anything. Right. You know, and then just the, you know, the potential of, like, someone might show up and if they might show up, you're fucked, right. You know, it's just the deterrent to, you know, make people not travel or if they do travel, then they stay home. So, you know, that's what I feel pretty much to, because, um, yeah, like, who the hell is why looking up on everyone? And now, I guess probably in five years, you know, they'll be able to track your foot, you know, cell phone, they'll have some kind of computer system that will tell you up. He left the house. Yeah. Well, I mean, there is some kind of COVID tracking thing on iPhones. I've heard that. Yeah. Use it. But I mean, I obviously have all those locations shut off on my phone. I'm trying to be. I've ever once said that wait until in five years, you won't be able to turn it off. You want to have a choice. I'm not going to say it. I'll be getting land. I'll be getting land lines. I'll be about it. Yeah. Man, this is going to be no money, no land line. It's going to be your cell phone. You might just plug into your brain if that goes, you know, it's going that way. That's for sure. Yeah. And probably, it'll be way convenient, just that you're not going to be able to do anything that you shouldn't be doing, you know, go and watch it. Big brother will be there. It'll be a lot harder. That's for sure. Yeah. So, you set up to do this show. Obviously, it's in value ever. It's until the brought up. You traveled alone. Okay? Now, the reason I want to mention this is because a lot of people, you know, are speculated, my self included, you know, what could have gone wrong with Ian's prepping? Didn't look as polished and ready as we expected him to. And I heard you did the food out of the podcast and I heard you talking about pressure and the pressure got to you. And you can give us the whole synthesis of what that entailed. Was it difficult as a bodybuilder flying down alone to tap and not having anyone there to kind of cater to your needs and stuff like that? Yeah. I mean, like at first, you know, the main concerns I have was just like the silly bodybuilder selfish shit, you know, like I was thinking to like, who's going to shave my back? I was going to, you know, do stuff like that. But you know, I thought I was pretty self-sufficient. But you know, when you sit there in a hotel room, like I flew in on Tuesday and you sit there, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, you sit there in your head, you're, you know, sit on Instagram too many hours and you know, you're right, mine starts to run a little fucking rampant, you know, and you don't have someone to kind of like, you know, keep your head space a little occupied. But, you know, maybe if I was a stronger person, I, maybe that's just the thing. I mean, maybe some people would be good with this. I mean, I know plenty of people travel and do shows alone. But for me, this was a first and it was, you know, it was new uncharted territory. And, you know, obviously because it was a lot of height, you know, between Hunter and I, you know, it just the pressure mounted and I sat there and my thoughts for a little too long. And it, it definitely, you know, was, was detrimental to my look and to my confidence and my, how I was on stage for sure, you know. So now, see what you got to do is you got to get a hobby. If you were to have like, if you were like me and you breed snakes, you could have just been looking at snake pictures on Instagram. So it's supposed to body building pictures on Instagram. Well, I mean, I really, like, I brought like some video game stuff and I was like, oh, keep up, but at this point, I had so much anxiety built up. I couldn't even sit still and focused on any. Why is that? Why do you have so much anxiety relating to body building and computing? Do you enjoy it? I don't know. I mean, this is something I struggle with in my life outside of body building as well. But, I mean, definitely especially in body building as, as I progressed in my career, right, you know, and I feel more pressure and not even just from, from fans and stuff like that, but also, you know, myself, I mean, it's, you know, when you've been doing this for so long, you expect to see some return from it in terms of, and it wasn't even, the, the placing is irrelevant. I mean, I've placed worse in shows and been very happy with it. I mean, I did Vancouver for a last year where there was hotty, there was Nathan. I mean, you know, there was an awesome lineup. Everyone looked good. I was for place. I was fucking a static, you know, and it was because I looked great. I could have cared less what my placing was, you know, I just knew that was pretty close to a, you know, 95% 100% Ian. And, you know, I displayed, oh, I want to display the size that I have, the fullness, and I showed that and I was very happy with that. Right. And, you know, that's really what it came down to. And here, I think, you know, after the fact is, you know, the hardest thing was not even, you know, I'd be lying to say I'm disappointed with second place. I mean, you know, obviously I would have liked to win the show and solidify that Olympia and put that Olympia birth. But, I mean, the, the placing is so secondary. So what the look was there, you know. So what, what happened? I mean, I mean, I know you said that, you know, you got it. You said what did you do when you sat doing sabotaging behavior, we under eating, over eating, what, what didn't go right over that. I mean, obviously just the whole, you know, the stress as a whole is going to, you know, I mean, I've even heard you talk, you know, when you were a bodybuilder, you get mad when you get stressed out because you're like, I'm releasing cortisol. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, you, you, you like, not want to feel that, you know, and I was like that for five days straight, like I was having like, like, like, like, like legitimate panic attacks. You know, like, like to the point that it was like debilitating to be, you know, like, this wasn't just where I was like, oh, this sucks. Like, I was like having like extreme, you know, situations, you know, where it was not really pleasant. And then would you get like, do you think you have it? Because I've had anxiety attacks, so I thought it was having a heart attack, you know. Yeah, yeah, you know, I, I, I've definitely been to that point, you know, but it was just yeah, I mean, it was, I didn't do a self sabotage or not whole of the plan or anything like that. I mean, you know, a combination of just lots of stress, you know, and lots of pressure. And then combined with, you know, obviously we made some small mistakes from a, from actual peaking standpoint, you know, which I think just comes down to the, the water manipulation. Mm-hmm. Too much water removal. Is that what happened? Yeah, I mean, we, with me, especially when I get into a certain level of conditioning, we pulled a little too much water like we went from, you know, drinking lots of water on the Thursday and we pulled down to three liters on the Friday and three liters sounds like a good amount. But for me, you know, that three liters, and then when you use a tiny bit of dioretics, I just kept like even Saturday morning, like when the diorics had long worn off at that point, yeah, I was still peeing like every 30 minutes, like full clear peas, like when you take a little diorics and like your peeing, like two trickles and it's like yellow sand, you know. Like I was still having like full like all from, my wife woke up at 70 and Saturday. So I went on stage. I was still like pulling water, pulling water, pulling water, you know, my body just got into this like hyper, you know, excretion and you know, from dioretics, just from, you know, the cutting of water, and you know, I just started to smell just a crazy rate. And I mean, it was just too much I couldn't catch up with it. And then, you know, that obviously induced more panic in my mind. And then, you know, you have you combine those two when it made for, you know, kind of that like cortisoly watery look plus then flatness, you know, do you eat sodium the day of the show normally? Yeah, I was doing like a gram per meal, which is a good. That's a good. That's a good amount. And you're still losing water. That's crazy. Well, I was pissing like crazy. Yeah. I was talking like trickles. Like I'm probably like 20, 30 second piece. Yeah. That's not it. That's crazy. And I could understand why that would put you into a panic too when you started seeing your body completely flattening out, you know, like that. Yeah. I mean, like, you know, and then also the tan thing. I mean, you know, which was a big issue. But I mean, I know if I'd looked awesome and had a bad tan, you know, obviously wouldn't have been as big of an issue. But when you combine the two, you know, obviously it just makes for overall fucking shit look. And, you know, you don't even want to look at the pictures after that. But the tan is much that's one thing that comes down to being alone. I mean, I thought I was dark. I really didn't know. I mean, when I'm in the hotel room, setting pictures to my coach, you know, in those photos, I look fucking dark as hell. I know. And I asked the liquid sunrares people. I was like, am I dark? They're like, yeah, you're good. We did extra coats. Like, everyone said it was dark. So I trust their opinion. I, you know, can only see what I can see in the mirror. And, you know, when you're used to being a fucking ghost like me, and all of a sudden, you're a big dark. You think you're dark, you know? Right. It's not until you're under those hot lights on stage. And you're like, well, I fucked that up. You know? Yeah, I think the key for you should be a Milano tan. Well, which is what I've started now. So like, I mean, for a long time, the tanning places were all closed here, right? No, I know. That's why I said that. So, you know, I've been doing the Milano tan, I've just started doing some bed tanning as well as the. Milano tanning. You know, they have a nice base under there. So, yeah. Yeah. I'll do the combination of that. And then I've got some protein. I've been contact with them. They're going to help me out. But I'm going to start doing like light bases like way earlier. Right. I've started like Tuesday, Wednesday, and do like a couple of coats, rinse them off, a couple of coats, rinse them off and build up like the old school guys used to do and kind of, yeah. Sure, I'm plenty good, not like a buddy you look. Bye bye. My next show comes. So. Yeah, it's it. I was telling me of a base tan is a really, really point. You know, I want your situation. I'm a scene very similar to, you know, I don't know if you remember back, you know, a number of years ago when I was helping Anthony Pascuali before he was going to do the USA. He was probably a shoe into when the USA that year. And five days before the show pulled out and he never competed again after that. And he just he said he just didn't it was too stressful for me to enjoy it. Even though we look right and he had to visit to probably go to the Olympia level. It just was too much for me. Couldn't handle it. I mean, are you at that level or is it just, are you just still trying to find that balance where you still, I love body building, but I got to just find how I can not get so stressed out of the show. I mean, I wish I knew the answer to that to be frank. I mean, you know, like obviously, you know, as of late there's been more days than less where, you know, I'm really like am I enjoying this. It's really hard to, to tell if I am, you know, you know, obviously I still love training. I still love, you know, the essence of body building and the roots of it. And that's something I have loved and I will always love. But you know, the actual like competing aspect that, you know, as the farther I get into it, you know, and I don't want to like, it's tough to say because like, I don't know if it's like, the stress makes me not enjoy it. And that's just me being a fucking chicken shit or it's like, and I need to work on that or it. You know, I don't really know what end this needs to be to work on, but, you know, at the end of the day, I do love training and body building and trying to get my physique to the best it can be in the look that is rendered on stage. But, you know, I definitely need to work on, you know, getting my mind set and alleviating some of that pressure on myself and making it an enjoyable experience because like at the end of the day, like if you're not enjoying it with a fucking even doing it for you, I mean, it's not like I'm making fucking $30 million a year doing this. Like I mean, I make a living and I, you know, for a mid, you know, upper mid to your body builder, I do quite well, but it's, you know, it's not enough that to impact my life in the way it has, you know, in my mind state of mind lately, it's like, it's a very gray area. You know, you have the kind of a zik and I'm not, I don't want to, obviously, you have a real Olympia level physique, but you have the kind of a zik that if you did with like Rich Piano, did you probably make way more money just doing YouTube videos and doing a channel and coaching people than you ever would just from competing. That's the kind of, so like, sure from a, from a money standpoint, yeah, absolutely, you're right. I mean, you know, and that's, it's something I've thought about. I mean, you know, obviously I, at this point, I feel like I'm deep enough in this that I owe it to myself to, you know, try and work through the issues I'm having from the mental side of it and at least, you know, get the most I can out of my physique. You know, if it comes to a point where it's like, okay, it's been two, three, four seasons and I'm not improving or I'm progressing, then yeah, obviously I'm, you know, going to have to, you know, take a change of course here. But I don't feel I'm at that spot, yeah. Yeah. I'll give you a good analogy and I'm not trying to talk you out of competing because I think I think you're a great competitor. I think that you can go far if you want to, but I was in medical school, okay, and I was in my third year. I had the third year to finish and I had fourth year, which was kind of like just like, you know, rotations in the hospital. I know that I would have been a good doctor. I wasn't, I was intelligent enough. I was one of the top guys in the class, but I didn't like it. I didn't realize that I didn't like working with just pop writing prescriptions for pills for people for to treat symptoms. I wanted to do something beyond that, but I knew I needed that knowledge base that I got from medical school to be able to do whatever it was I was going to do in the future. And obviously, you know what I do now. And obviously, I've used all the knowledge I have that I learned in school. So it was a mean to an end. So for me, quit, I felt like I was letting down so many people. If I quit medical school, my dad, you know, my family who thinks I'm just going to be a doctor and all the people around me who's like, what the hell is this guy quitting for? He's like, you know, he, he, he, this is it comes so easy for him. But I knew that it wasn't something that I wanted to do. So it was a tough decision, but it wasn't. But once I left, I felt like a sense of relief. And all of a sudden, now, all these other opportunities, I opened themselves up to me, because now I was pouring my, what I enjoyed doing, you know, was, which is the health and keeping people healthy and up. And I started applying it towards that. So sometimes, you know, you go to a certain point and you start, you hit a wall and you say, you know what, even though everyone expects me to go with certain places, that's just not my future. Now, I'm not saying that's your case, but there's nothing wrong with that, you know, that's wrong and out. And I mean, you know, I, there's 100% validity of that. And I mean, this is obviously a conversation Melissa and I have had, you know, you know, there is a reality that that is, as obviously crossed my mind, you know, that it's like, you know, maybe there's not enough enjoyment in this and I should, you know, take steer the, steer the ship somewhere else and, and, you know, kind of veer off into another avenues within this industry. But yeah, I mean, I, I'm not 100% there yet. I mean, you know, there's still some things just, you know, because of the time I put into this that I, you know, these want to have accomplished just to feel at ease with myself. And, you know, after that, I think I could, you know, hang it up and, you know, make career changes within the industry and feel a lot better about it. It's good though that you, you made that, that intellectual decision that you just did because, you know, now the pressures will often you because now you're saying to yourself, you know, what it doesn't matter, I don't have to win the Olympia. As soon as I don't enjoy the same, I'm going to stop. But now, now you'll see you'll enjoy it more and you'll do better because now you remove the pressure that it happened to me at some point. I realize you know what, probably not going to turn pro. Stop, take the pressure off yourself. Go to these shows, enjoy yourself, have fun, joke around backstage. And as soon as I did that, I, so many more opportunities. I got, like, guest closing every weekend. You know, I just, it changed my, the persona. I, I stopped being so serious about it. And I said, you know what, let me have fun with this. And I'll take it as far as it goes. And then when I can't, when I feel like I can't get better than I was last year, I'll move into another avenue of bodybuilders. I still love bodybuilding. You know, I didn't want to leave bodybuilding. I just, I knew that, all right, you know, the delusions of being Mr. Olympia are gone and now. And so I'm, I'm not going to put that kind of pressure on myself. And, you know, you guys on the food, podcast, we're talking about Luke Sandow and how he kind of felt the same way. And it's, it's training point. We say how, you know, he hated, you know, the pressure was just so much. He put on himself. It was almost like when people expected him to do well, he almost didn't want to compete. Because he hated that pressure. And he could have been a guy, you know, I really wish he was still with us. I do miss him. You know, he could have been a guy who could have done anything. He could have just been a guy who had his own YouTube channel and just trained and met a monster, you know, guy, because that's what he enjoyed doing, just training. And never competed again. And you know, what he would have made tons of money and would have been super popular. But I think he was afraid that he was going to let down people and that he had to like prove himself in a sense on stage. And that puts so much pressure on him, combined with obviously he had some, some mental issues that he even admitted himself. And he couldn't handle it. And so it's important. I think, and that's why I'm bringing this up and I think in this point, I'm not saying that you fit that category. You're not, you're not in that category. But people should understand that are watching this. There's no, there's no half-two or has to do what makes you happy and gives you pleasure. That's the take home message. Yeah, and then as we also discussed a lot of people, and that's I think really where my mindset was, unfortunately, going into Tampa. You know, I felt like I had to win or I was going to be a disappointment. I had this image in my mind that I thought people expect me to come out looking like fucking Jay Cutler. And that because I hadn't posted any pictures and if I didn't, I was going to be a disappointment. You know, I put people expect me to come out and make, you know, hunter look like a child next to me from a size perspective. And there was just so many things that was just, you know, running through my mind constantly and I started to just really doubt myself, you know, and then that's when the pressure really started to amount them out and out and you a band in your own game. At that point, I was doing it from a negative avenue, right? I mean, like I was I was looking at it from the perspective of not doing it for myself, but doing it to appease other people. And then it just completely sucked the life of the joy of it for me, you know? Right. Right. No, and it's a good point and I think people need to understand that and sometimes having this little epiphany or awareness for yourself will change your the whole course of how you compete also. You might actually have a better attitude. I mean, I was thinking George Forman before he lost the Muhammad Ali negative, you know, very, you know, like didn't talk to people, just angry all the time. After Ali when he makes the comeback, he's everyone's grandpa, you know, and everyone loved him. And he actually wins the world championship back at it. You know, an unbelievable old age, you know, that no one ever got impossible. So he changed his whole reality by just changing the way he was thinking about things. And I think that that's a very powerful message right there saying that, you know, anyone could do, you got to change how you you view what you're doing because otherwise, you know, you're not going to get the best out of yourself. So just being yeah, absolutely. Yeah. So anyway, having said that, moving forward obviously, I know you still want to get through the limpiest stage. So what's the goal? No, you hit the nearer pro. What do you wait closer to the limpier and hit one of those later shows? Or do you just pack it in for the year? What's your mindset? Yeah, no, I mean, I'm in shape, but I'm keeping, you know, the foot sent me on the gas. As if I'm ready to do New York or I'm ready to do Chicago or the Spain show, you know, I know they made the Spain shows top three's there for Olympic balls. You know, right now, I mean fourth and point. So even if I show up at, you know, any of these shows and come fifth, qualify for the Olympic. Right. I mean, that would guarantee me that would put me a 13 points and first place right now is 10. So I mean, even a fifth place at New York or Chicago or any of those, I would be almost guaranteed. I mean, I haven't placed worse than fourth and quite a while. So I mean, I would feel very confident that, you know, showing up at any show no matter what show it is that would secure me in a limpier placing. It's just picking, you know, the right show and the right time and, you know, making sure my head is right before I go into it. So I can actually, you know, enjoy the experience somewhat, you know, and go into, you know, leave that and go into the Olympia with a good headspace as well, right? I personally, if I were you, I would do New York and you should win that show. And I'm not trying to run that round, you know, seriously, you have to take four in the games. You have to take two in that show. You should go in there. I don't give a f. I'm in shape. There's nothing I could do this screw myself up. I'm going to go there. I win. One of the great things I love about Jay Cutler and that I admire about him and there's nothing people that I admire in our industry. There's two types of champions I found in our industries. There's the ones like Jay Cutler where you ask him who's going to win the show. He doesn't even think he doesn't even think he has so much confidence in himself. He has no self-doubt in himself. He knows that if he puts his mind anything he puts his mind to. He's going to accomplish that. That's a rarity. I mean, that is just, and then you have like a rarity callman, which is almost like a, it's like an innocent like just naive a today almost like I don't, I just love training. It doesn't matter. This is not stressful because I just want to, I'm living my dream. I'm just a gummet train. I don't care nothing bothers him. 14 back surgeries. I get to go to the gym tomorrow. You're not the rarity callman either. We would fit into the Jay Cutler, the intense, intense mindset type of thing. But you got to just change your mindset. But I always found that Jay was so mature, even at a young age, even when he was 19, he had that maturity and I'm like man, how does that come from? I don't know if it's just genetic or environmental, but it is admirable. Now that you look back, I mean, seeing that what you're going through now at that level, there's a lot of data. Jay from a, you know, looking as a champion as I mean, basically, you know, the epitome of what every bodybuilder wants to be. I mean, you know, from a business standpoint to a mindset standpoint, you know, to everything how he's conducting himself is career. It's everything we could all hope to be, you know. You know, and I hope that I can get my head spaced, you know, even 20% as good as Jay's was in his career, you know. So, you know, it's, yeah, but I mean, looking at that, it's obviously something that's extremely admirable in that, you know, we could all, you know, aim to shoot for for sure. Well, you know what, look, you look great on stage. And I think people just have such high expectations that, you know, no, in their right mind would say, you didn't look good. You were in shape, you were shredded. I mean, you were a little flat like you said your tan wasn't great, but, you know what? Also, but one thing that I noticed was you could tell you weren't having a good time up there. Yeah, I think sometimes you have to fake it even when you don't look good, you know. Yeah, I know guys, you just look terrible, but fake it so well on stage that they would win. It bounces you, you know. Yeah. I mean, by the night show when I have my tan fix and the pressure was off a bit, you know, and I ate and I looked, you know, significantly better, you know, my mind was a little better going into it. But, you know, the thing is that at that point, like after I looked at the photos, and, you know, for anyone that didn't hear the food at podcasts, to be, and that's why I took my Instagram down for about like four hours. I mean, yeah, I was going to get that. Yeah, I was just, you know, my phone, it's like, I mean, it's easy for someone to say, I mean, I know fucking Trigeli and these people were like, you know, they're talking about and being like, well, why just don't look at your Instagram, it's like, it's fucking easier said that you know, like, all the time, you know, I'm talking to my coach, I'm talking to my wife, you know, I'm talking to my mom, I'm talking to my buddies, you know, to my friend Julien, stuff like that, like, Instagram's just there, you know, and people are DMing me, it's like, you know, it's, it's the only thing from that, my phone was just fucking blown up and it was so much negative to me about, you know, how I looked in these things, and it was just, I needed to just clear my mind for a few hours. I don't blame you, you happen this, can I? You know, yeah, and I do myself, if I had just deleted the app, I have two cell phones, like, I would have just picked up the other phones, so I pulled on that. Okay, it's, I mean, I would have just re-added the app, I mean, I need to just, because if you disconnect your account, it doesn't let you redo it for like six hours or something. You got to pull a chy green in, you have to not pay your cell phone bill, and then when you get to the show, you can't talk, you can't communicate with anyone, and then you have no worries. I'm trying to keep my credit score good. I didn't even know what they're about to say. You should just tell, yeah, I'm elicit, if you're listening, Melissa, if this turn is phone off, call off ATV, turn it off when you get to the show, and then you can turn it back on after this should the night show's over, you know? Yeah. So I mean, that's what that was just where my mind was there. I mean, I was like, I just need, you know, to focus on what I can improve for the night show. First, let's rinse it up my fucking tan fix. Two, I'm flat as a pancake, so me and Patrick, you know, we put it together planned for eating, get some fluid back in, me, that kind of stuff. Then after that, it was three, Kate, you need to get your head back to the game. You're posing like you have absolutely no interest to being there. Yeah. So let's, you know, get your mind and get a little more excited. You look a little better. Let's act like you, you know, you're happy to be there or you're fighting for a title. So, you know, I tried to control what I was trying to control and keep my mind off my phone as much as I could. You know, I mean, it's called what you want to call it. I mean, but you know, that's kind of where what I need to do for those few hours, you know, and it, you know, I look better for the night. I'm for sure. I mean, you know, me looking at it, I still think I was 70% of what I know. I can, can be, especially where my physique is right now. I mean, 70 might even be an overstatement. You know, but it's, which was just the hardest thing to just look at it after the fact. But that's a good thing. I'll tell you why because you know what, you know that if you weren't your best, you probably would have been Hunter. Okay. I, I can say, I'll say it. I'll say it. You would have been, I mean, I don't want to say anything to take that away from Hunter. No, I still, he'd be, I think he's showing up at his best. But I'm saying is I think your best is better than his best right now. I'm not saying for five years now, won't be, but, but, but, but, but right now it is. Okay. Yeah. And that's fair. I mean, and that was, you know, that was the hardest thing for me to see. I mean, the hardest thing for me to see wasn't, you know, that my conditioning was, because I was flat, like you couldn't see my glutes. It was more just to see the flatness and like, you know, the muscularity that I know I have looked nothing compared to what I know it is. You know, and that was the hardest thing when you trained so hard. You know, and for me, like, I'm on a guy that like, you know, is like overly like concerned about like having pretty shape or, you know, that having fancy posing or I just want to be fucking cute. Yeah. I just want to think it's kind on stage. And I want to hit a most muscular and I want to crush people and I want to hit side chests, you know, show my density and, you know, I want to show that from those poses that really show like the thickness and the side of those ones, you know, I want to come in be hard and grainy and big and just that's it. Like I don't even care everyone's pretty. Yeah, I'm going to find fuck, you know, I just want to be big and, and, and huge and that's people that look at me and just do what the fuck is that. And then I saw the photos. I'm like, I look small, you know, like compared to, you know, photos I had from two days out, I know three years out, you know, I was like, this isn't even a shadow of what I am from a size perspective. You know, when you train so hard to build all that muscle, it's like, that was the biggest thing in the shot in my confidence was just seeing the muscularity. And, you know, I know, particularly for me, I mean, we, I think we've talked about this another interview before. My physique when I'm flat versus full is like two completely different physiques. Absolutely. I know some guys like Bumstedt, I brought Bumstedt into the Olympian, zero grams of carbs to try and make way to, you know, keep as a team of firm as, as kidney issues at minimum. And he looks the exact fucking dead. Yeah, you're right. Look, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like he doesn't look any different when he's flat versus full. It's like a 2% difference. Yeah. We're on like a 300% difference. Right. So when I saw that level of flat and it's been how much it affected my physique, that's really what like after the pre-judging, like just I was like, flop my life. I looked so like, you know, that really hurt from my confidence standpoint. Yeah. But, you know, like after the show when I've got some Bumbec in me and my physique started to, you know, show signs of life again, you know, that definitely, you know, re-ignited it in me, you know, to know that it is there. It's just, you know, it's just timing it all right, right? Here's what you're going to do. Okay. You're going to do this Spain show. You're going to go out two weeks early and you're going to stay with Dory and Yates because he wasn't staying and he's going to watch over you. And he mentally and physically for two weeks, I'm going to give a Dory and a job. I didn't even ask him. And he's going to drive you to the show together and you're going to win the show. That's how you get a Dory. So this year, go contact Dory and he might be somewhere, you know, meditating somewhere and over the ocean or something like that. But you'll find him say, Dory, I need to come out there two weeks before I stay with you. So I keep my head in straight. He'll keep it straight. He lives in Spain. He like Marbellar's something like that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Repurf. What a great thing. That was the last time I was in Spain. I won that show. That's when I qualify for the United States. That same show in Spain. So, I mean, there's obviously, you know, definitely potential of that being a show for me to do. You know, I'm about a hundred percent sure on what the protocol is for traveling to Europe right now. I mean, I think as Canadians, we have it the best. Yeah, you do have it. Do you be going away? You want? Yeah, you have no pain to our forethought. You want to get one. Yeah. So, I mean, that's definitely a possibility. But yeah, I mean, it's, you know, anything's a strike in this. Maybe we'll do New York. I mean, you know, I've never done New York and it's back in Tampa, which is, you know, familiar territory, which is there. Sure. You know, so that's, you know, something I would feel more comfortable with despite how the last show played out. Yeah. Chicago, I feel like it's probably not going to happen. But I mean, you know, maybe that could be on the docket. But yeah, I mean, if I'm going to do something, it's going to be New Yorker. It's going to be Spain. Okay. Well, good luck. You'll keep us updated. Thank you for being so open and frank with us and having this discussion because I think it's going to be helpful to other people too. And that's really why I wanted to have it. It wasn't just to get, I kind of knew what happened to you. But I wanted to people to understand the mindset and how, you know, you have to go about these things. And sometimes things just don't work out the way you plan. And now you use this information and you make yourself stronger and smarter and wiser and you bring it back to even better than you anticipated, you know, prior. And I think we're going to see you on in the Olympia stage this year. And I think you're going to do real well. I have a good time. I appreciate that. All right. Now, he's that's going to take us to the end of another episode of Live With Brought You By Species Nutrition. I'm Dave Palombo for E-invalier. We'll see you next time.