This is Trevor Carritz and coming at you for a special insulin exposed addition. So one thing I've been getting all of my clients to do is test their fasting blood glucose numbers. It's very, very simple to do. Basically, we would have a fasting blood glucose model like this. They're not expensive. I mean, mostly glucose models, you actually get for free if you buy the strips. One thing that is becoming extremely alarming is the amount of body builders who had a healthy body fat. And six percent, seven percent, eight percent. The last people you think would have type 2 diabetes are coming back with super high fasting blood glucose numbers. There's a lot of reasons for that. There's, you know, stimulant usage, stress, lack of sleep, over abundance of carbs in the diet. Anyways, I'm not the expert on that. So I brought back on the show, I a Phoebe Pro call it Nelson because she's the expert when it comes to insulin. So call that the first thing I want to know is should everyone be testing their fasting blood glucose, at least like maybe once per week. The answers to that question by many medical professionals would be like, well, if you don't have a prediscosition, if you're not over 45, if you're not overweight, if you exercise every day, well, then why would you bother? And my concern is that exactly what you said. So I will say yes. And I think it's become almost epidemic proportions. By 2050, one in three people are going to have type 2 diabetes. One in three. So my concern is exactly what you said. So when everybody thinks about type 2 diabetes, and this is your standard medical professional. That's what they're looking at. They're looking at for different classifications. They're looking at age. They're looking at your lifestyle. They're looking at your BMI. They're looking at your diet. And they're looking at behavior like, do you sleep? You know, are you overweight? And so then the doctor, oh, you know, let's take a closer look. You might be predisposed to type 2 diabetes. But I think what's concerning to me and to you and to people in our industry is that we're just taking for granted. We're taking for granted, I hope, a lot of times in this industry. We think we're indispensable. But the problem is that it's something that we really do need to look at. And knowing the numbers and we're going to go through that today is really important because when you get a fasting blood sugar test on, you know, it's your doctor's office, if you come in at 100, they dismiss it. Now they're like, oh, don't worry about something you ate. I believe me. I've seen this because I've worked with people where that was their dismissal. You know, the truth of the matter is somebody that's an athlete that works out the way we do. They're fasting sugar. She'd be below 90. Please, everybody listen to me. That is the truth. Really fast and sugars are ideal at 75 to 85. So I'm saying when the blood sugar is 100, is that bad? No, not really, right? But to adapt to that's like nothing. Forget it. Don't worry about it. It was something you ate the night before, you know, you're stressed out. But I want you to be concerned because every day that your blood sugar is between 100 and 126 every day, that happens. Your beta cell is working harder. Okay, so let's talk about the beta cell, the beta cell makes insulin. That is in the pancreas. That is a very important cell. And I want to clarify that people often, this happens to me today at the gym when I was talking about insulin, they're like, oh, I would never take insulin. You know, it's going to cause diabetes, you know. And I'm like, I really hate to tell you this. That is not true. It's not like a feedback hormone like that. It doesn't work like that. It's like testosterone in the pituitary and it's sending all these different messages. And it's lowering your levels because you're putting an exogenous testosterone. And then you run the risk of these other things happening. This cell, this beta cell, it's a workhorse. All right, this is in working cell. It's working to regulate your blood sugar. It's working very hard. So I want this to be very clear. This cell is working every single day. It never gets a day off this cell. Why are we saying such a pin flux of type 2 diabetes? And now type 3 diabetes in the brain, glucose is going to brain and causing cell signs. So my theory is, this is a workhorse cell that eventually is burning out. And I think, now I'm theorizing this. I'm a diabetes educator. I work in other chronology and aspirations of one day finishing my nurse practitioner. So that I'll be able to actually be a provider. But what I'm saying is that eventually this cell is working less and less and less as we get older as just a theory of aging, my theory of aging. The worst thing you can have in your body is blood glucose. It's like acid going through your your your all your vessels destroying you slowly, but surely slowly but surely so all this sugar that's accumulating over time and it might be so seen so limited like I'm a blood sugar fasting's one 10, one 15. Yeah, this is a problem because that cell is now burning out slowly but surely burning out. So I can tell you let's restrict your diet. Let's reduce your carbohydrates. She got us everybody has in this adrenal fatigue. Hello people out there that I used to be this way. You're working out for three hours. You're not eating enough. You're starving. You're in a stress, fight our flight every second of the day. You guys, a constant and smaller system. It does. An insulin resistant is making the beta cell the cell that makes the insulin work harder. Here what I'm saying, you're driving this car and you're running out of gas. Now imagine this if you give insulin earlier and there's a theorist and I want to read you some of this theory so I won't remember all what he says is 30 reasons why you should take insulin. But if you start noticing your fasting sugar starting to elevate, okay, is that you're preserving the beta cell. I think that exact opposite in fact, there are theorists in Europe right now that believe by giving insulin earlier, you can prevent diabetes from ever happening. Okay, so. So before we jump into insulin all the different types of insulin, who should take insulin? Right. I want to know why is this happened. So this is a perfect example. I had a new client sign up last week. Young, a 30 year old guy, top level national bodybuilder. I mean, very low body fat, lots of muscle exercising regularly. Good diet. I told him, you know, in the initial questionnaire, please test your fasting blood glucose. Any basically email me back is like, dude, why should I spend a hundred bucks on strips when you run low body fat? I have none of the telltale signs of type D diabetes. And I basically said, just hear me out, man, like, like, buy it, distributing the last forever. You're going to use it eventually. Just trust me. It's a really good thing to keep an eye on. He tested his fast blood glucose. It was 130. Wow. I was so surprised. I was so surprised. I was like, something has to be up, man. Did you? Yeah. Maybe like sleepwalk and eat some rice in the known as like, put it again for me the next day. Next day, it was 127. So I want to know why are these, you know, people who are, they're not what you think a type to diabetic would be. Like when you think type to diabetes, you think overweight. Oh, no. Why are these healthy bodybuilders, you know, who are muscular exercising regularly, not eating fast food or anything like that? Why are they coming back with such bad, fast blood glucose levels and such bad insulin resistance? And this is something that I think everybody watching this series is going to take a step back. They're going to take a step back because I can promise to you. When I was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes in 1984, which we didn't know what we know now about the repercussions of blood glucose. So we just thought the type 1s were doing. They could never get the sugar's under control. So they told me my life expectancy was 65 because of blood glucose. They feared that I would never be able to achieve an A1c and we'll talk about that and it'll be something up on the screen that was playing with an A1c is abnormal because that then we had such limited resources, right? So they knew, it kept about that. It's average life expectancy. So now I want everybody listening to this to understand the trouble that you're right on track, but we need to get these people tested their fast and sugar because our behavior as top athletes actually can free to expose us to this type of insulin resistance much, you know, more unusual because it's not presenting in the way diabetes is going to have five different classifications. They're working on changing this because the medical professionals are starting to get aware. There isn't just type 1, there's not just type 1 and a half and there's not just type 2. There's different phases of these these confounds of type 1, type 2, type 1 and a half. There's just different elements of them that make what's going on in their body either more harmful or difficult to control or what I'm finding is this something else. Okay, what is the cause? So here's what we know. I'm just making it very clear that insulin resistant hormones in the body. Okay, we'll cause insulin resistance. I have treated patients. I used to actually work in an HIV clinic and I was like, why am I working in HIV? First it wasn't even on my alley. I was like, you know, I did diabetes lovers because of the drugs. We're causing secondary diabetes. System five grossest. There's a secondary diabetes to the drugs because it causes this insulin resistance and eventually the insulin cannot get through the cells. Insul has to get through the cells and if they're blocked, then basically all you're going to do is keep over producing insulin until the beta cell fails. So why is that happening? You guys, it's going to happen. You're predisposing your body to this biter flight. It's over adrenal fatigue. You're constantly in a state of stress, biter flight. We were talking from a fedsure to caffeine to clumped uterol to the mass of stimulants. And I mean, mass, I can't tell you a single body of your cell for me, probably. That doesn't take a pre workout. I don't do every pre workout. I don't recommend them. Like everybody hates it. I thought with pre-worker you're doing nothing. I'm doing apple cider vinegar, lemon, um, calm. I did calm in the morning. I didn't even need to like, want to reduce my muscles. And then I didn't even call it as that. These pre workouts, a lot of them are containing 300 to 400 milligrams of caffeine per scoop, right? Yep. And eight pounds cup of coffee has roughly 85 grams of caffeine. So that's the equivalent of drinking five cups of coffee in a single scoop. And a lot of people are double scooping it. But like if you would tell that person, would you drink 10 cups of coffee for breakfast? They'd be like, no, of course, I'd be horrible for my health. You're basically doing that before every single workout. Yeah, I mean, that's what I mean, we're saying it. People are listening. So the average people in our world, okay, they're doing that. They're over, I mean, believing you have seen worse. I mean, there's, that people's snoring. They're, they're, they're pre workout, right? I mean, it's like, it's, whatever they could do to stay stimulated. They're drinking coffee all day long. They're not sleeping. Especially when you're getting ready for a competition. You're actually in the worst state of health when you're getting ready for competition. So you're not sleeping. You're not eating your bodies under a constant state of stress. Then you topple on top of that. You take counter regulatory hormones to insulin like growth hormone. Sorry, that one is a counter regular, anybody can look that up. It is anti-insulin hormone. Your insulin has to work harder. So people will tell me I get low blood sugar on growth hormone. What's happening is your body's over producing insulin. Working harder, that's that four little beta cell again. That's just ready to, you know, just die on you. You're taking years off your beta cell. And so now you're doing that. Then gap with which you have an injury. Now you're getting a four to zone shot or you're taking a present zone or you don't whatever you need to do to get rid of the pain. So you just tackled yourself into a situation where it's almost like a drug or state-induced type 2 diabetes. And I've treated so many patients like that. Would that were on long terms of present zone? They didn't have diabetes. There's nothing wrong with these people. They were on present zone for a period of time. And their beta cell started failing. I mean, it was putting them on the same typical course, met formant and I was always wanting to advocate insulin. These are blood sugars weren't right. You know, why are you putting something on present zone letting their blood sugar go high and just say, oh, it's because of the pride of this zone. I just love that one. I'm like, do something about it, treat it. Because the blood sugar isn't saying that. The blood sugar is damaging the body and all the cells. So let's give her a listen. Some golden nuggets so they can take away all year. So how often should they be tested and if fasted blood glucose? And then what are the values? Like, what value are they good? There's nothing to worry about. What value is it? Okay, this is something I'm not going to freak out yet. But it's something I want to keep my on. And then what value is it basically? Okay, there's I need to take some mitigation actions right now. Right. Okay. So ideal fasting blood sugar is less than 90. Okay. And ideal in an athlete should be between 75 and 85. When you're running fasting sugars between 100 and 126. That's your cut-off is 126. That is called impaired glucose tolerance. You are beginning the beta cell destruction. And that is the truth. So if that continues for 10 years, we have done epidemiology studies to show that you will get that type 2 diabetes, which is elevated sugars, your fastings are going to be over 130 and you're not going to be able to be able to keep your blood sugars under 180 to hours after eating. So when you're in that 100 to 126 range, we need to get that down. Okay. So we need to take intervention. Now if you're coming up over 126 on two occasions, now let's for your client. I want him to, you know, really get enough sleep. Let's stay hydrated. Hydration is another thing. You stimulate your cell and you get your cells dehydrated. Your insulin can't work well. So now further this dehydration that we put our cells through as athletes, I forgot to mention that Trevor. The more you compete and the more you and people abuse this shit out of dioretics, dioretics is you read on the package insert, cause hyper glycemia, extreme insulin resistance. Let me tell you, when I used to take dioretics when I held on type 1s that have go through a competition, the insulin doesn't work. I would stick your inject insulin on a dioretic. It's at 50, 50 units. It doesn't matter. It doesn't work. When you're dehydrated, your cells do not handle the insulin the same way. So that's a further reason why we're causing this insulin resistance. Okay. So now, if you have two fasting sugars over 126, I am concerned. I would go for further testing. Like I would get a CPAP type. I would get insulin levels and I would get a hemoglobin A1c and that should all be done fasting. And that's, and then if you are in that 30 year old range, type 1 diabetes can happen at absolutely any age. So when I see that to pivotal age, Jason Poston, I hope he doesn't mind me mentioning his name, but I'm sure he won. I work with him. God diabetes in his early, like May 20s, early 30s. It's a perfect age and I see it mostly in men to get type 1 diabetes. And not saying that that's the case, but I want to something interesting about type 1 is that it can be very fast on set or very on a slower scale. So he might have the antibodies. So if you're seeing somebody that's lean and shape, it just doesn't even qualify for somebody that has, you know, that looks like a type 2. And they actually could have what we call ladder, latent autoimmune diabetes in your doll. And that, for sure, you should get your antibodies tested. And just, and your doctors will tell you you're crazy. It's expensive tasks. I'm not going to do it. It's a fluke. But I can't tell you how many people I diagnosed. Like, you have no idea. You know, I mean, Jason for one is Jason. You got it, you know, there's something going on. Get your antibodies. Sure enough, he's got the antibodies for type 1 diabetes. What is that? So if someone's over 126, they need to go for further testing because they're most likely diabetic. Yeah, that's. Someone's in between 100 and 126. What should they be doing? So that's when it's that gray area because like you've seen it on your cell. And I mean, you can fix this. I mean, because I mean, you know, we know some intermittent fasting, lowering your couple of hydrogen intake, getting enough sleep staying well hydrated, taking days off. I mean, we take some days off from the different, like, I used to be the worst. You know, I had to have a paper. It doesn't function right. So I guess I could, you know, I was always figuring it out with insulin, but you've got to take some days off. You got to get yourself back to a better homeostasis and reducing your stimulus, trying to become stimulant free, living on your own, like, body's energy, like, figuring out what that feels like. I mean, it's amazing because I'm like fluid throughout the day, you know, like it's hard to do because it's, you know, you're addicted to that stuff and watch your fasting. Now, whichever, what if you do all that? And, you know, I don't cost, I agree. You know, I was speaking about some of the glucose agents that helped to just close the insulin. I mean, I love, I mean, there's a ton of them out there. I mean, there's absolutely some science to these. And they help the cells become more responsive to insulin. I love it. You know, I'm like a big opposite of vinegar for us, because I see, I don't need as much insulin when I, like, I drink that like three times a day. It helps the cells become more insulin sensitive. So, I'll call the public acid, then you greet a um, uh, a banana, uh, chromium for me. Yeah, there's a ton of them. So, and I'm so into this, you know, this, this these are very helpful and it's in the science, but what if you do all that? And it still doesn't do enough or it's not consistent, that's where you have to ask yourself, you can, you can do kind of more radical things. And my opinion, I mean, I'm a little more radical on this, but um, because some people can't do the behavior change or they don't want to. And that's that's the fact of the matter. Like what if I want to compete? I don't really care. People will die for this sport. They will die for this sport. So I have a different theory and it's really radical and some people's mind and they I don't know if they think sometimes I'm being irresponsible but you know, we're getting to a theory of one more question for you. Met formant. What are your thoughts on met formant? One thing I will say about met formant is that the literature clearly shows that it will mess up your microbiome. So if you are going to use met formant and I'm not actually anti-met formant, I think it does. You're it. You're not want to use it every day. So maybe if you're on like a carb cycling approach, you only want to use it on your high carb days. Maybe only use it on the body parts. You're trying to bring out maybe like two or three times for weeks. I'm like that. But if you're going to use met formant, you do not want to use it every day. So call it, talk to me about met formant and then get into your theory. So met formant is very interesting. It's it is hard to criticize, right? It's been around since the 80s. It's the tried and true. It is the first line in any diatologist. I mean, internal metocenter and epistemology tell you met formant met formant met formant met formant. They're even getting into breast cancer patients. Because and I'll tell you why though, really, one of the reasons why is we know that glucose does predispose the cells that have our cancerists to feeding them. Glucose will feed the cells. You know, it feeds cancer cells. So anything that can help the cells dispose of this extra glucose, which met formant does, it helps the cells become more receptive. Then it makes sense that met formant could have these anti-cancer properties. So met formant has it's really made. It's had its place in bodybuilding and it's absolutely placed in diabetes on a really, almost every person that has type 2 diabetes is done on that formant. The problem is though, I always look at these things and what gets me with met formant is, you know, as much as we see all the value in it, you can't disregard what you're saying. But intestino flora, the beach wild deficiency, the lactic acid doses with it, the GI symptoms that are real. Some people literally just can't tolerate at a patient's body. And it just tore me out. You know, and they got then some people will kind of deal with it and then it does get better. Like anything else your body gets used to it. Getting used to it doesn't always mean a good thing because then the body is figuring out a way to adapt to it. By basically destroying somebody who can just so far. But um, so I think that there's a definite place for it that then Trevor, I can dare I say that I'm just a little different because when you understand what a basil and so on does, they do the same thing. Met formant, it stops the hepatate, it lowers the hepatate out put of glucose from the liver. That's what it's, that's what's made one of its main functions. It lowers the hepatate out put of glucose from the liver, right? And that is exactly if you read a package insert of a basil insulin like my, I hate to even like there's one traciva I guess it's going to come out weird looking out of things. But traciva is a basil insulin in my opinion one of our best basalinsons we have on the market. It is a 42 hour basal insulin it is there is very very very low risk of hypergalicity. I mean like a point I could get you the factors and we'll do that one put it up. It's extremely hard to overdose on a traciva. It's so flat and you know what it says it does? It lowers the hepatate out put of glucose from the liver. Holy wow, is it really doesn't lower your blood sugar when you eat? It doesn't doesn't do it. So then in trouble that's where I go interesting. You know we have two things that almost do the same thing which one has the least amount of side of that. Insulin, it's natural, it's a hormone replacement. So I'm always a person that's like I look for the fastest way to get from point A to point B. Metformin's great. But it's going to take you a little bit longer to get to point A to point B. You got to take it every other day or you know anything I really shouldn't. I mean you don't want to be on that so often to your body just pick you know. Or insulin really if people would get it out of their heads but if you took insulin insulin insulin is going to cost me to have diabetes people just don't believe that. People will forever have a fear of insulin because that's what we've been taught. That's what doctors are trying to like avoid it like we'll just take as long as we can before we give you insulin and that's slowly changing, it's slowly changing. When we start to really understand insulin a bit more and we're not so fearful of one of the major major major definitely side effects of insulin if you watch any insulin commercial is hyperguysing it and that's when you watch insulin commercials the best. Okay if you have an insulin and the side effects are hyperguysing yeah and then you could get dizzy, faint, tingling of the mouth and lips and then you could death. So I mean this is why we're always shy away from using insulin because there is the danger. I mean there's a danger but there's a lot less risk of danger and hyperguysing it in a long acting insulin than in a short. A short could be lethal. I mean it's that's sure short acting in insulin is absolutely and if you are not smart person or in the world of bodybuilding there are a little bit goes you know if a little bit's good then hell a lot's got to be better and I promise that is not the case with insulin. In fact less is more. You want to take as little insulin as you need to get you the best results and that's hard to get through somebody's head. There's no need to go more. More isn't going to help you. You don't want to feel insulin you know what I mean like oh I feel it I'm feeling tingling you know I'm getting like low but you don't want to feel insulin. You want it to do what it needs to do. Take the stress off the beta cell and I get me a fasting sugar between 75 and 85. Please get me that fasting sugar on a cassettes of basis. You can do that within insulin. But more yes you can do it and you can do it with glucose-suscoping agents and you can do it and that's great and if you do it that is taking the stress off the beta cell that's for any beta cell failure. So you're doing the same thing it's just a matter of how you want to go about dealing. So, Collin I grew with everything you said my goal with this video series is to get people actually thinking about the fasting blood glucose the carbohydrate intake is like that. I've had really get success if someone is in that 100 to 1206 range just by prioritizing their carbs around their work of window being a little bit smarter about their stimulant usage. There's sleep there's stress a lot of people have been able to get that borderline bad range back into the healthy range but I agree with you if you're doing all those things if you're being smart about your carbohydrate intake if you know we all have stress but if you're managing stress the best your abilities if you're if you're not abusing stimulants I think a baseline insulin is in the bad idea at all and especially you know for body builders who require a very large calorie intake and it helps me a lot of carbs it is beneficial. So in part two of this video series we're going to go through all the different types of insulin the half lives dosages things like that collect the last thing to finish off this video series before we get into part two. I want you to talk about the fact that there's no negative feedback loop because I think a lot of I think a big misconception for people have is that they're there that if they use insulin they're going to become dependent on it kind of like if you abuse steroids you'll eventually become dependent on structural replacement therapy talk just about the fact that there is no negative feedback loop with insulin so that's not something you have to be worried about. Right and and that is just it there isn't it's not that the beta cell is not a negative feedback loop it doesn't just die because you're getting an insulin it's actually the opposite so your body needs to maintain at all cost because believe me the body knows it is slightly off in blood glucose all your counter regular hormones go to hell okay they're all whacked out and the body is in the state of panic and it feels like it's starving so that's when it starts to kick out more glucose and it's actually working against you so it's working it's going to work so hard it's a work it's a workhorse sell this is the beta cell is definitely not involved in any type of negative feedback and fact what's happening is it's one of these cells that over time just ends up burning out and not able to keep up with the demand of the body and if you think about what I'm saying that makes sense because it can't keep up with the demand of the body the heavier you get because there's more cells while these fat cells it's trying to keep up with the demand but it can't so it will do whatever it takes to keep your blood sugar but to really it wants to keep it under a hundred that's what the body wants to do okay that's truly the truth we really want to stand or a hundred so when that doesn't happen that cell will just die off and you will lose beta cells in fact type two diabetes once your diagnosed every year you lose five percent more beta cells you're losing them right now okay everybody listen to me when you give insulin it actually gives the cell rest and what we found is that if you can give the cell rest because it's a workhorse cell it can actually get stronger and I know this sounds like hocus hocus it's not there are people that are doing this now in people in Europe and Japan running these studies so if you actually give insulin earlier in the disease right you provided the body insulin the body will not overproduce insulin which is what happens in type two diabetes now the insulin levels actually come down so now the actually opposite of what you think is going to happen you're getting more insulin when you're giving your body's making more then your own body goes wow I don't need to make so much more insulin so the body's you've got a senior insulin coming from the outside and then the cell is to relax and it's not going to overproduce insulin it's actually going to then just give a little bit of time to just rebuild itself and get actually stronger and this is what you can see when people do intermittent fasting and stuff I had a patient show me their blood work and they they're CPAPTI if you're guys the CPAPTI needs how much insulin your body makes was very low and actually that's actually not a bad thing it's just showing the beta cell isn't having to work hard and I said what kind of diet are you on it's doesn't it fast and it's not a really really low carb diet is getting right for a show and some really stupid doctors go oh my god you could have type one diabetes because the the CPAPTI is so low like I have a very low CPAPTI I see peptides like in non-existent because I don't make any insulin however this can be the case in people that are eating a low carb they're giving their beta cell rest their insulin affinity is really really high he's lean these people are lean these people are like their their bodies are like just motorhouses you know so that's actually why I think people that do be calorie restriction diets they say it's life extension because you're giving your beta cell rest and it's actually getting stronger so insulin can give you that same exactly the same thing because it's giving the beta cell rest and you're actually extending the life of your beta cell to never ever see a fail and end up getting type two diabetes and I truly believe that's this is the case so what call it myself hope to do with part one of this video series just give people cognizant about fasting but glucose numbers are carbohydrate and taking like that so what we're hoping you're doing is after watching part one you go by a blood glucose monitor then not that expensive I mean with the strips and everything is in caution maybe a hundred bucks test your fasting glucose and cheaper than that Trevor of re-lion I don't I don't know this brand I'm not promoting anything but re-lion is $10 and you can get a hundred strips for $17 from Walmart you have to buy it online or if you have a Walmart in your area I would in New York I think they don't that is the absolute cheapest way in the same technology in your one touch or your bear contour and all those if you want the unhealthy is that Trevor $10 I don't think we have the main candidate oh you may not you probably don't my 4 Canadians over there it's okay I got health insurance but again the blood glucose monitor you buy doesn't matter just get the cheapest one they're all the same things all you're gonna get with the more expensive one is you know some fancy bills and what's the more important you're fasting blood glucose for you or it'll send you like a reminder or something like that like just get the cheapest one so we're hoping is after part one you test your fasting blood glucose if you're under a hundred you're good if you're over a hundred twenty six go seek medical help because you're mostly diabetic if you're in between a hundred a hundred and one twenty six try prioritizing your carbohydrate intake just around workouts minimize stress lower your stimulus it's reassess in a couple weeks if you're still in that area part two of this video series and I explain what to do to get further blood work testing what all these hormones call it talk to but what they all are see have all that sort of stuff each one see we're talking about what all those hormones are what they do what values you want and then if you're gonna get into if you're gonna try using a baselines when we're gonna talk about all the different types of insulin dosages to start with when to take it it's gonna be all an o-bremeter so part one was basically this is why you should test your fasting blood glucose go and test it part two is basically the mitigation strategy if you're above a hundred so thank you for watching and make sure to check out part two