. Brian Hildebrand with RXMuscle.com. I'm here at the 2011 America Strongest Man. I'm with Mr. Brad Wolverine Dunn. I think we know why they call you Wolverine. I really don't have a clue. Okay, maybe. Your hair's a little messy though. It's a little messy though. I switched to a new gel. I might have to look into that. Yeah, I'll loan you some of my. You had a great day today. A little rough, a little rough. You had your your acts of clean and press looked amazing. You got clean without difficulty. Tell me. Yeah, man. I really, I came in. I, my whole intention was open in around 390. Then we got the the choices and the increments. So I went 393 warmups. We're just a breeze. I opened with 393 and I just flew up. I mean, the clean was easy. I didn't even feel like I had a lot of waste. It don't much just and I pressed it out. And so I felt like a 45 pound jump before it was actually. Conservative, you know, because I was really. I had my, my sights set on 430-ish. Coming in, which I felt like it was fully capable of. And, you know, botched that that first clean on this on the first attempt of 14 second attempt overall. And just, I don't know, I felt like if I had manners at clean, then I wouldn't had a problem with the press. But miss that clean and recleaning it and just slowing down and getting a little fatigued. Then come out here and repeat the same mistake on the 30th attempt. Get them off the ground easy. You don't make the transition and just go to flip that. Well, you know, maybe it's maybe I need to get a bar that doesn't rotate the train with. I don't know, but either way, I just, I just didn't deliver on that. That was lightweight off the ground. That non-rotating bar is a huge factor trying to get that up to your chest. I felt like I could have cleaned 450 based on those first cleans, but just didn't finish it. Tell me about the wheelbarrow. It was a really tough event today. It was way harder than I thought it was. I really didn't know what to expect. I mean, you'll be able to strap in, you know, I'm thinking, I don't know how hard do this be, but it was. Carl Finnell's wife goes, how did that feel? I said, it was the strangest overall bodily pain I felt in a long time. I felt like seven different things were trying to break all at once. You know, there's hard steps and at one point in time. I just about hyper extended my right knee and I'm like, man, it was just brutal. And I just managed, it sloppy as I felt. I managed to decent carry on it and I really needed a good finish to the night after some disappointments. And, you know, I think I got fourth on that. But it was brutally hard. I just felt it all through out my body and it was rough. Yeah, it was a, a lot of guys had a really difficult time pulling that up. I was surprised. Some of the guys I, I mean, some of the guys expect to do well did. You know, the guys I expected would do well because I went, I think, second. I'm thinking, well, these guys are going to kill it. Man, there was definitely a struggle out there. It was an interesting event. Yeah, man, Mike, Mike Johnson was telling us about the big dog strong built the apparatus and it held up. But I don't think that the hitch from the, she built by Chevy is going to survive. Hopefully, Alan Tillery, let's just use the truck next year. But after they inspect that one, I don't know, man. Let's see what it looks like when they get it back. You look forward to tomorrow. Yeah, I mean, you know, I'm a little further back than where I wanted to be. I'm really not sure where the overall Sania is or what they look like right now. And, you know, kind of bots to those fellstone after having some good training, whether it just made a little mistake. And that's all it takes. But yeah, tomorrow, I mean, cake toss is the first thing. You know, not something, I guess, a short guy would really be looking forward to. But I think I can get some pop and, you know, train has been going well and that had been also. So, you know, hopefully just have a good start to the day. The overhead and deadlift medley, you know, should be decent enough for me and, Stone train has been going well. So we'll see if I can show up tomorrow and, really dial in, then maybe I can get that top four top five spot. I was looking forward to. Good. Yeah, just good recovery tonight and get some meat. That's it. You'll just get recovery. Take it easy. Good night's rest. Come up tomorrow and, you know, just like the score is zero zero zero. Exactly. Starting all over tomorrow. Exactly. Right, bro. All right. Great. Thanks for your time. Nice job. Today we'll see you tomorrow. One o'clock. We'll be back here in Hot Springs, Arkansas at the San Margarina for the Marcos Strongest Man. 2011 Part Two for events tomorrow. We'll see you then. Absolutely. Brian Hilderbrand with rxmuscle.com.