Downey Phrynd Wenter Brian Hook, member with our X muscle.com. We just finished the Atlas Stones winter Mr. Dave Oslin, Dave tell me about that last stone. You know, it actually felt like I got off a little bit of a slow start and then once I got going, I got going a little bit faster. They felt good so I just, you know, didn't hesitate right when I got to it just grabbed and picked it up felt great. You know, I've been doing this 10 years. I've always gone bare arm. Finally, my buddy Brian Shaw convinced me to try his sleeves and they're absolutely awesome. So if you want to get better at stone, Shaw, Shaw strength sleeves, elite tacky, that's the winning combo. And again, I'd shake your hand but I'm smarter than that with all that tacky on the front of you. But more importantly, with your win here, solidifies you second place overall and which gives you Travis will be our winner. But that gives you the invite to the world's strongest man. Yeah, we'll see, you know, if it's a full slaughter and alternate spot, but either way, I'm thrilled to get back there. It'll be seventh year in a row there and, you know, I love doing this. I'm, you know, couldn't be more pleased with that. Yeah, you've had a good strong showing this weekend. Then necessarily at the top, but right up there with everybody, the whole time and certainly giving enough points to the three and a second, pretty soundly. Yeah, I mean, I was kind of, you know, last night on the wheelbarrow seventh, I wasn't really happy with that result, but everything else I think was all top five and most of the top three's. And finally, it was nice to get him to met one to finish the day. You know, that felt good. And yeah, I'm pretty, pretty pleased overall, but I know I've got room to come back to be at 100%. So I'm excited to train the next month and get ready. Good. All right. Well, congratulations. Good luck in North Carolina. And we will see you then again, congratulations on your win with the Atlas stones. Wrap it up, Brian Hill to brave with rxmuscle.com from the 2011 America strongest man in hot springs are console.