Welcome back to live with Brokey by Species Nutrition. Visit speciesnutrition.com, I'm Dave Palombo. And today's guest is a very special one. We've been trying to feature and really showcase more Middle Eastern body builders since the town on pool over there is tremendous Iran specifically. We've talked about Heidi Schouppen coming out of Iran not being able to get to the Olympia because of these restrictions in the United States here. But there's so much town over there that I wanted to showcase another one of their great Iranian athletes. Barus Tabani won the World Championships in 2016, earned his pro-card. He's in the serving in the military now and he gets out. He's going to really watch his pro career. But we got him here today and we have a little bit of a translator because he doesn't speak English that well. Welcome also, Human, Sapantimer for making this interview happen. Thank you so much. Ask Barus. What is like being a bodybuilder in Iran knowing that you have travel restrictions to a lot of countries around the world? Hi, Dave. Okay, Barus, he's asking, then the Gutierdhanche, GDK, Masalaan, vis-a-vis Zabitz, the United States and the United States. And I think we have to see it. Thank you very much. Bye. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. So he's saying that he's not a good feeling because he sacrificed a lot of things to get to this level. And it's not a good feeling that he cannot compete unfortunately. So unless he tries to get the residents of another country, so that he can compete at the pro level. Right. Yeah, and probably would be a smart idea. He's only 25 years old. He won the World Championship in our 2020 pounds. We've seen a lot of the Iranian bodybuilders in that 2012 division, Baito, obviously, hotty and a couple other guys. He's going to be an open bodybuilder, obviously, a 220 pounds. And probably by the time he gets back on stage, he'll be a lot more than that. These are exciting times for the Middle Eastern bodybuilders. Give us a little idea of background. How did he get into bodybuilding and what inspired him to want to be a competitive athlete? Where is the president? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Okay. So he's saying growing up in the village. He didn't have a gym nearby. So he used to work out with custom made and handmade barbells and domals. And from very young age, he used to dream about becoming a professional. Even though he was living in a village, we're not having a gym nearby to go to. And by the way, his height is 510 and he's weighing about 265. Right now. Cool. Yeah. That's quite a bit of muscle. Is it true that he's the youngest child of 12 kids? Yes. Wow. Did he grow up poor or was he from middle class family? There was one of the saddest and motorlassity that she did as a mother. After study. Yeah. He's coming from middle class family. Yeah. He's going to say, you can't really have 12 kids in the poor. Yeah. You know, it's funny because, you know, in a lot of the middle eastern countries, the smaller ones, even like in Israel, everyone serves in the military. So he's 25, but he's just, he just started his military service because of the fact that he was in college. So, you know, do a lot of people go to college in Iran. I mean, is that typical for a bodybuilder or is he kind of different? It seems like a lot of the bodybuilders don't go that route. He kind of has a little bit more education in most of them. Well, I'm a dancer to that question. Yes. This is come policy for everybody. But the thing is, if you're to champion in any sports, you get some advantages. It should be a little easier for you to do that. I got you. So he's not really on the battlefield. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Well, that's good. I mean, I think that works out well. They get some respects for whatever they do. Right. Well, in Iran is bodybuilding considered like a big sport. Like I've always been told like in the Middle Eastern countries, bodybuilding is kind of like what football is here in the United States. And today is the right country for every lean soldier to fight for two more states in Constantinats to右 And other people in particular the Tigerinners? Yes. Good. There are five years. It runs half a year, yes. Yes. But also for Jan Jan rings from just only from age to age. But it's impossible to play there in twenty years like since when is the first or the second in the world at the amateur level in bodybuilding and of course bodybuilding is one of the most respected sports in the Iran and but unfortunately we cannot make it to the pro level because of the visa van and most most of the concerts and competitions are in the United States. Yeah of course of course. Now I know in like a lot of like the Egypt and a lot of the Dubai countries like that if you win the amateur world amateur championships you get paid by the countries that the same as in Iran. So he's saying the bodybuilding for the nation and the ministry of physical education does not give anything but the city of his own hometown pay him like a couple hundred dollars. Which is still better than most bodybuilders got. Now I got to ask you because I know a lot of my my listeners and viewers are very detail oriented and I'm watching you look at it shirt and I love the the Dory Nights temple shirt but why is Dory in spelled with an M rather than then. The Russian military military military Maribosa Doryan Yetset, 10th of June. Me get the Dory Nights Pozori Barat. Dory Nights. Dory Nights. Dory Nights. And the Russian military TEMPOLGIM. Boshka Dory Nights. Me get the child out of the air. Dory Nights. Dory Nights. Dory Nights. Dory Nights. Dory Nights. He's saying he really appreciates that the admirers feel he's Dory Nights but the special Dory Nights. So that's one of the reasons he's doing the T-shirt. It's still with an M rather than an M. I didn't see that. Okay. Dory Nights. Dory Nights. Dory Nights. Dory Nights. Dory Nights. Dory Nights. Dory Nights. Dory Nights. Dory Nights. Dory Nights. Yeah, this is the mistake that his response and Dory. Dory Nights. Dory Nights. What is he looking to do for his pro debut? Has he picked the show yet? Dory Nights. Dory Nights. Dory Nights. Dory Nights. Dory Nights. Dory Nights. Dory Nights. I was actually thinking his deity-sense. He already remembered the change of story. He doesn't want his recommendation from this kind ofiamarts. So he's saying he doesn't have any problem other than getting out of the country and getting the visa to get to any pro competition and his final goal is to get into the Maserolinka But what show what will he be for a show? A lot of people probably wondering where is the pro day you're going to take place? Obviously he can probably won't be in the United States but there's plenty of other places around the world and out that are holding shows all over the place The Russian musave has been very interesting to see the Chinese people in the United States. I get normal these animals and what they both do is to get the money. So he's saying in the current situation he cannot get out of Iran so he cannot have any exact plans for pro competitions But the Federation, the bodybuilding Federation is trying to do something to give him the permission to get out of the country. So it's a tough political situation of that. You know that right now, tensions are very high and obviously that is a lot going on. I'd like to see him up on a pro stage. I think he's got a tremendous physique. I want to just tell Baru's that I think that he's a very special bodybuilder and hopefully we get to see him one day on that Mr. Lippi stage and so that he can realize his dream. By the way, so whatever he is talking about, those who can share his friends. I wonder how Cymania introduced his sight that interests Colombia. I mean he has a prerequisite for qualifying this. I think one of the students who performed him at the bookstore they'décht the most in W reluctant to introduce himself. One that connects with another joy and support of the weakness of Saudi Arabia. They're a great guy. Hello, my name is Kolev. I'm a community officer. I'm from the South of the West. I am a community officer. I'm a community officer. I'm a community officer. I'm a community officer. I'm a community officer. I'm a community officer. He's saying it was an honor to talk to you. And it's going to be a dream to meet you in person. And get some knowledge and information from you towards his goal to be on the Olympia stage. Excellent. Tell them to give us a couple of poses to take us out. You're going to be a volunteer. You're going to be a volunteer. You're going to be a volunteer. Yes, you're a senior. That's Baru's Tabani. Watch out for him in the future. He's going to be a deadly force in the open. You're going to be a senior. Go. Senior, you're going to be a senior. Why? You're going to be a senior. You're going to be a senior. I'll just teach you. You're a fake door ain't your shirt coming off. Person came come right now. Pause and press. Fantastic. What talent? I can only hope that these depursion talent can be showcased in the United States at some point in the future. Looking forward to it, obviously. Tremendous talent. Only 25 years of age. And got a bright future ahead of him. Hey, who am I? Thank you so much for making this thing happen because I know you facilitated the whole thing. Thank you for pushing me a little bit to get this done. I think it was a terrific interview. Sure. It was a pleasure. All right. And that's going to take us guys to the end of another episode of Live With. BroadTubey species nutrition. Visit speciesnutrition.com. I'm Dave Palumball and we'll see you next time.