Day for Lumbo here with an RX muscle, rant brought to you by RedCon1.1.com. Today's topic, Irresponsible Health Mistakes that Bodybuilders Make. This is going to be one I'm going to really get a little heated over and a little aggravated over because I get so many people contacting me. I would say 50% of the people who contact me now are for health issues reasons and most of them are really avoidable. Now while I enjoy helping to solve people's health issues and keep them healthy and help them overcome obstacles that they think they may not be able to overcome, I would like to prevent them from happening to begin with. So guys I want you to pay attention here. There are some easy things that you can really pay attention to, diagnostic testing wise that can prevent you from running into trouble. Now what am I talking about? Probably the number one problem that people encounter and they don't realize this is a problem until many years later. It's high blood pressure. It sounds stupid but the new actually according to Merrick Harzo's years, the new normals are actually lower than it used to. It used to be 180, it seemed to be 120 over 80 was the normal blood pressure. But blood pressure basically stands for systolic pressure over diastolic. Cystolic is when the heart, the left ventricles contracting. So you're going to have the most pressure and the diastolic pressure is the pressure in the vessels when the left ventricles relaxing. So we always thought that the relaxing blood pressure was more important because that's the pressure you have all the time in your vessels. Turns out both of them are just as important now. They're saying, you want to keep, I believe it's 120 over 70 now they're saying or even 115 over 70 they want to see. I don't think this is a thing about if the older one is planted, it uses that in that range. I'm laughing but I'm not laughing. Now, granted, we don't have to be neurotic about a couple of points to upper down. But the bottom line is that we got to keep blood pressure on the check. Now I was always afraid to check my blood pressure when I was younger because I didn't want to know, so to speak, which was stupid of me. Luckily I didn't really have excessively high blood pressure. If I did, I could have been in a big trouble because as we know, high blood pressure destroys the kidney tubules. Remember the kidneys are the filters, the filter, the blood and if you have constant high pressure and pounding on them, it over time breaks them down and once again, 10 years, 15 years after having high blood pressure, you can destroy enough kidney tubules that you don't get your kidney function is destroyed and it's no longer good. All of a sudden you start coming back with high B, you went and creating levels on blood work and you don't know why and it's because you have high blood pressure 10 years. What we want to do is we want to take care of it. I was afraid also to take blood pressure medicine, I thought it would inhibit my muscle gains and that was just pure ignorance on my parts. I didn't do enough research. The bottom line is that the ACE inhibitors, ACE inhibitors, which are the drug class inhibitor conversion of angiotensin 1 and 2, which goes eventually into aldosterone, which will make you retain fluids. When you inhibit those that hormonal cascade, you have less aldosterone, you body, less sodium, absorption, less water absorption, blood pressure is lower. It also opens up the kidney tubules, the filtering mechanism vessels so that you filter your blood better. It's actually ACE inhibitors like Ramaproil and Lucina Prol are actually kidney protective because they allow the kidneys to filter better by opening up the vessels and they reduce fluid retention in the body and they reduce the ability of the body to raise blood pressure. So basically your pressure drops when you're on these things. The great thing is they really have no side effects. Some people can notice a dry cough sometimes. I noticed that when I originally started taking a baby for a week or two, then I never never get it anymore. I never happened. Again, I've been taking these things for 15 years now. But I wish I had started the meralias. You almost might think that prophalactically anybody, both of who's over a certain way, should take an ACE inhibitor, assuming their pressure is not ideal. And how do you know if your blood pressure is ideal? You don't wait till you go to the doctor. You don't wait. You go and buy a blood pressure cuff at CVS or wherever a Walmart and you might spend 50-70 bucks. You put it in, make sure you get, if you have a big arm, you have to get the leg cuff to put on your arm. It's interchangeable. Usually, you wrap your arm, you push your butt. You don't have the duet, you push your butt and then it'll give you your blood pressure in your heart rate. And if you're running high on a consistent ACE, it's not just take it one-to-day, take it all throughout the day to get a good range of what you're doing. On-cycle off-cycle, if you're running high, get on a blood pressure medication. It's so simple and you'll preserve your kidneys. Steroids are not toxic to the kidneys. High blood pressure is. Unfortunately, a lot of steroids close high blood pressure. So it's not that the kidneys are being toxified by the steroids that they're being subjected to high blood pressure. So tremble on, it's not everyone says it's kidney toxically. It's really not. It just raises blood pressure really high. And that can make you, that could obviously be damaging to the kidneys. So that's an easy fix. And that's probably the most prevalent health issue that I see among bodybuilders. Another thing that's becoming more and more prevalent. And obviously, you can tell if you have kidney issues by your B.U. and in creating. And it's blood jewelry, nitrogen and creating levels. These are waste products that are found in the blood. If they're high, beyond a certain point, then what that means is your kidneys are not functionally getting rid of these toxins, which means they're not working efficiently. When you get to that point, unfortunately, sometimes it's a little too late. Now, if a normal creat needs about 1.3 to 1.4, that's on the high level. If you're running 1.5, 1.6, 1.7, 1.7, 1.8, that's high. That's when you really aggressively want to start combating that. Using products like kidney stuff that I sell at daypaloma.com. Reducing your protein intake for several weeks to give your kidneys a break. If you ask me once again, I've sent up hundreds and thousands of these things already. My kidney detox, what I should say is my three week detoxing cleansing protocol, which is good not only for the kidneys, but for all the digestive organs in the body. I'll send it to you for nothing if you just email me at huge285aawal.com. And I advise you to do that once a year. This will give your organs a rest and a break. But once BUN and createn gets over, say 1.9 up into the 2s, that's a little harder to reverse now. Now you're going to really have to work hard. Liver regenerates really quickly. The kidneys do regenerate, but it takes much longer. It could take years. So once again, you must aggressively attack this. You do not want to lose your kidneys. If you lose your kidneys, you will be very, very upset. Believe me, it's not a good life from that point on. Even if you get a kidney transplant, you're going to be on anti-rejection drugs at the whole life. You don't want to go there if you can avoid it. So high blood pressure, number one kidney killer. Want to get that on the control. You want to monitor your B1 and createn levels. If they start creeping up over that 1.351.4 level, you have to aggressively treat that. Telling you, these are very avoidable pitfalls, but I see that all too much embodied going. There's a lot of people in kidney failure out there. You don't just hear the ones that are willing to come on to the TV show and talk about it. There's probably five times that amount out there that are not telling you what's going on. There's a lot of guys that are dying because getting a kidney transplant is not always the fix. Sometimes it's no fix. You die sometimes. So you don't want to lose your kidneys. Another new trend that I'm seeing is high blood sugars. Every person I'm working with now, I'm especially in the UFC, and I'm having them check blood sugars. Once again, I've told you this before, you can get a Walmart for $9 and get a blood sugar monitor, $9, get a test strips, and start testing a blood sugars. The morning fasting, before you eat anything, is the most important. It should be under 90. I don't care what the blood work says from lab core or whatever you're going, Quest, they may sound like $100. It's under 90. That's what the safety net is. Two hours after your biggest three meals, they should test your blood sugars. They should be under 130. Usually the post meal blood sugars tend to run normal. It's the fasting that start out getting screwed up. Because overnight, your body is producing glucose in the liver, the egg-luka, and the genesis, and your body has to release insulin to that. A lot of times, when insulin production becomes sluggish in the body, that's when you're see it first. Inability to keep low fasting morning blood sugars, or at least in the normal range. If you're running over an over 90 on a consistent basis, you have to think about maybe doing some insulin replacement. What that means is using a long acting. Not a short acting insulin, like some of the performance enhancing protocols that we put out there. This is a health protocol. A long acting insulin, like a lanthus, or trushiva, which is these are brands of what we call basal lung acting insulin. You take them in a morning, and a night, trushiva, actually, you take one today. What you're doing is you're basically taking the bird enough of your pancreas. You're allowing this long acting insulin to do the job of your pancreas from a long-term perspective of basal insulin, not a short meal perspective. It just takes the bird. It allows the cells, the beta cells of the pancreas to start to heal, to regenerate, rejuvenate. If you do three months, four months of taking a long acting insulin if you're running high blood sugars, and then you stop it, usually beta cell function resumes, and you can and usually it's pretty good after that. If you're taking a lot of growth hormone, that's putting a strain on your pancreas to have to produce more insulin. It normally does that sometimes can burn out those beta cells of the pancreas, and we don't want that to happen. You do not want to become an insulin dependent diabetic, because no matter how good you are managing, you're taking those insulin shots and eating the right foods, you're never going to be perfect. You're going to get side effects. High blood sugar is the number one rising problem that I see, and taking drugs like glucophage or insulin sensitizers is not going to solve the problem. Because yeah, you might lower your blood sugars. The problem is you're in your pancreas is still having to work too hard. We need to give the pancreas a break. That's the best way to do it in insulin replacement. Just like you take testosterone replacement, because because your testicles and I produce an F-ducylicosterone, you take insulin replacement. The good thing about the beta cells is that they can regenerate and start producing more insulin. Assuming you didn't kill them all off, which some people do. If you have an autoimmune disease like a type one diabetic, there's nothing you can do about it. This is self-induced destruction of the pancreas. Go get a blood protester. Okay, blood sugar monitor, it's like I said, for 20 bucks, you've got everything you need. You can test your blood sugars as many times you want it during the day. At least you've got an idea of baseline value of what's going on in your body, and then you can make an informed decision. Now, there are other things that we can talk about. I see people who come to me with liver issues. Now, just because you have a high liver function on blood work, doesn't mean you have liver disease, because a lot of times these liver enzymes go up because they're really metabolic enzymes. And you're breaking that a lot of muscle in the gym, and these are just leaking out of the muscle cells. But a lot of times doctors will send you if you're having pain or you're having weird digestive issues, they'll send you for a liver sonogram, and the liver sonograms come back. I see this whole time. And a lot of people who contact me, and they have cysts on their liver or the liver is a little weird, the architecture of it. It's inswelling. That means you're liver is being stressed. The good news is that your liver has a very, very, very good ability to regenerate itself. However, you have to let it detoxify itself. That means you have to do my detox program. You have to take the strain off that liver, get rid of any animal, chatech, any kind of orals who take the entire animal in the oil, or I'd be profan, just allow your body to clean out a little bit, and let your liver regenerate. I mean, milk fistle is a tremendous product because there's two things that really help the liver to regenerate. Milk fistle, okay, silicon iron, which is the, I guess you could say, the herbal name of it, opens up the liver of docks, the bile docks, and that allows the liver to dump its waste out and get rid of it. A lot of times, the liver is taxed and it gets swell, it pinches those vessels off in the liver can't detoxify itself. Milk fistles hugely important, also the antioxidant, okay, glutathione is super important for liver function and for regeneration. But you can't really take glutathione orally unless you go and you get an injectable form from like Titan Medical Center, that's fine, but not everyone can do that. You can take an acetyl-sistine, which is a precursor to glutathione. That is orally absorbable. I sell a product from Bill Lwellon on my daypalumbad.com website called liverstable. Add that into your regimen, it'll open up your liver tubules, the oxenium, the bile docks, allow your liver to detoxify itself and it also gives you the antioxidant you need to combat any kind of oxidative stress in the liver. Once again, the liver regenerate then regenerates pretty fairly quickly. Don't allow that to become, you don't want to go into liver failure, you don't want to get liver cancer. I've seen a lot of body bowls with cysts, body bowls who have cysts in the liver that developed in the cancer and some of them have died. I don't even want to go into it, but it happens. A lot more than you guys think. Don't want that to happen. The other thing that I really want people to become aware of and I'm just looking at my notes here so I don't forget anything would be your prostate. High DHC levels over extended periods of time, certainly cause the prostate to enlarge. Now, if you're getting up 600 times the night the pain and you can't actually get the pain, the pain is not a big deal. If you're being a lot, that's fine. If you're getting up the pain, you can't actually get the pain out because it feels blocked into some degree and you just always pain and never really emptying your blood. That's a problem. That means you're prostate to enlarge. Go see a urologist and let him look at that and tell you, yeah, your normal or no you're not because prostate cancer is also very, very prevalent in our industry. It's not just our industry. It's all over. Then get prostate cancer, but men who take animal ox steroids, if you have a predisposition for enlargement of your prostate and it can speed it up. We want to make sure that the prostate is taken care. No one wants to die from prostate cancer. No one wants to have to have their prostate removed if it can be avoided. Get that checked out every once in a while as well. These are pretty much the pitfalls I see on a regular basis. Blood pressure number one, certainly on the rise high blood sugars. I think high blood sugars are going to prove to be very, very, very, very detrimental in the future. I think we're going to see a lot of issues, a lot of side effects blindness and fingers and toe extremity, losses and stuff. All the typical, also loss of kidneys, all the typical stuff you see in fat over way people. We're going to start seeing embody bowls because bodybuilders have blood sugar issues because we take growth hormone. And growth hormone makes the pancreas have to work harder. You burn your pancreas out. You don't have good blood sugar control. You get diabetes and you get diabetes side effects. You don't want that. Okay? Easy fix. You have a blood sugar monitor if you're high. You take supplements and insulin. All right. I can probably go in for another six hours about this. We'll have to continue this another time. But guys, be smart. Get your health checks. Don't ignore the symptoms that you're hearing or seeing or feeling in your body. Go with check when to doctor. If you're not sure you want to send me some blood work, I'm more than having to look at it. For now though, I'm Dave Palombo with another RX muscle rant.