It is the hardest sport out there because it's a accumulation of all these variables together. But if you don't have diet and training and and and sleeping down properly, then then you could take all the gear you want. It's not going to do anything. We all know that. So the gear is just makes things work better, you know. It's kind of like an enhancer. So the problem is that no one gets the other variables down pat and then they take gear and they get Modo, so-so results from it. You know, you take gear and everyone's going to grow from that, okay, to a certain degree. But how much you grow and the benefits you get, okay, from it, are really dependent on the other variables. You know, when I took my first cycle, my diet was perfect, my training was perfect. I responded so well. You know, I was gaining 25 pounds, you know, 20 to 25 pounds a year of muscle for the for five years in a row. There was a reason because I had all the variables perfect before I ever took gear. Okay, had I taken gear and I didn't have these variables perfect, but I probably went to meet those kind of gates. And that's an important thing to understand. Now having said that, I made it very good games the first couple years. I the first four or five years that I was training, okay, without gear, just by learning to eat right and train right. So if I would have taken gear then I would have been wasting my time because I would have been using the gear to grow. And then when I actually needed the gear, it wouldn't be there. And that's why you got guys like Ronnie Coleman who were natural for many years. They started taking gear and their body is exploded because they had maximized. He had maximized his ability to train. He trained heavy. He, you know, he ate right. He lived the body building lifestyle. It didn't matter that he was an undrugs. So when he added those in, it just made everything work better. Another person that comes to mind, high green, responded incredibly as well. Same thing, same thing, look at Sean Clarita, look at the, the, the games he's made the best three or four years. He was a natural bodybuilder too. So you got to understand that the gear is not that important until you hit a point where you've maximized everything you could have done prior to that. And then you added in and you get that added benefit of a really getting explosive growth front.