I am working with Zach and they're working with him over a year now. The guy is an absolute freak. I'll tell you this. I'm telling first of all, I got to tell you he's got a tremendous work ethic. The guy works his bottle off. Anything I tell him to do he does. He's a machine. He's so big right now. I dieted him down. He was going to do shows. But as you know, in the UK, it's almost impossible to compete anywhere. They can't travel. It was a nightmare. He was in shape. I had him in contact a shape for about two months straight. We were looking for a show from the do. He just couldn't do it. I got him working with Chris Cormier on his posing. Him and Chris are like friends now. His posing was terrible. And now he's working on that. His presentations really good. He's going to roll him out in 2021 and he's going to, I think, surprise a lot of people. He made a lot of improvements to his physique. He's been focused. He sends me updates twice a week. I make sure he's in check. He's like I said, he's very methodically eats his food. He does everything he's supposed to do. And he's getting better and better, which is amazing. It's incredible that guy towards both quads. And had to have him reattach twice because they made him a stake the first time. And his quads look really good still. So I mean, he's like I said, when you have genetics, it's a wonderful thing. He's got a lot of muscle on his body. Once again, his biggest problem was he couldn't control the mussely had. It was almost like a pole to let issue. So I really had him working hard with any still working with Chris Cormira on that. Viscipe. So between Chris and I, I think we're going to have him tweaked out in perfect, you know, ready to roll in 2021. And look, you know, he has never done anything on a pro level. You know, he was a very popular amateur. He's probably the most popular guy when you go to the expos and you see him sitting in a booth because he's an absolute freak in nature. But I can't wait to get him on stage because the trick would be we can get him to place, you know, top five, top six at a pro show. I think that would be a huge feather in his cap. So a lot of people thought he was not capable of that. But I'm telling you, when you work hard and you've got genetics, you could accomplish anything.