There's no such thing as natural bodyability. Are some people 100% natural in the sense that they don't use any illegal performance enhancing drugs absolutely? Are all the people who compete in natural competitions natural now? Because for most of these organizations, they call themselves natural, but they're really just drug tested organizations. You beat the drug test. You beat the drug test. I mean, that's what the Olympics are. You think the Olympics are natural? Come on. It's called beat the drug test. Sometimes you fail the drug test like this runner. We just saw, you know, recently, who's banned for four years. You're rolling the dice. If you pass the drug test, you win the Olympic gold in your hero. If you fail it, you know, you're a criminal. That's how they, that's how you branded this country. OK, and this is unfortunately how it goes. So are there natural competitions out there? They say they are. Is everyone natural? No. Are some people natural? Absolutely. And that's a personal choice you have to make. I just feel that if you're going to use antibiotics, can you get to use drugs that are banned by these organizations? You might as well compete in an organization that doesn't test you. Because why be a fraud? You know what I mean? If you, those organizations should be reserved for people who don't want to take drugs. It's like it's a protected environment. But unfortunately, it just isn't that because people want to be champions. They don't care if they have to cheat. They don't care if they're going to be the big fish and a small pond. It doesn't matter to them. I competed in a natural organization for one or two times when I was natural. And you know what? The second time I competed, people thought I was a natural. So I said, you know what? I'm not going to deal with this stuff. You know what? The truth is I want to be the best. And if I want to be the best, I got to use stuff. So I started using some antibiotics. I never competed in the natural organization again. Because I said, you know what? If I'm going to be the best, I got to compete against the best. I think it's my choice how much I want to use or not use. Just because you compete in an organization that uses drugs. I mean, you have to use the most drugs of anyone out there because the amount of drugs you use is not an alicous to how well you place. As much as some people may think that that's the case, it's not. Okay, taking a threshold amount, eating right, training right, sleeping enough, having some genetic predisposition. Those are the keys to success in bodybuilding. If you think it's all drugs, you don't know what you're talking about.