Dave Palombo here for an RX Muscle Supplement and Science review and today we're going to be talking about the old new Roy test. You know, I wish I invented it. I people think they did I did build a well in the invent of these kits and they designed to test your animal accelerates, climbuter all now and growth hormone. The new Roy tests, however, have been designed and released just recently. I know a lot of you guys have been asking, why did they come out? How are they going to work? Well, we got them. We got them. We got the new complete testing system here. This is an amazing one. This is got like you could test your 10 tests with this thing. You got multiple ABCD vials. The E-vile is now the climbuter all tester. So the climbuter all testing vial, the calling the Vile E, for those of you who don't know what I'm even talking about, the Vile A and D and C and D are the original vials that we test for anobox. Now all anobox steroids, let's put climbuter all side, are two vial testing systems. So for injectables, you use a D-vile and then an either an A or a B and for the, a, what roles you use a C-vile and then an A or a B as confirmation. So you need these two vials. You can't differentiate between compounds. A lot of times, multiple like injectables will turn purple on the D-vile. Some of them do it in different timeframes, fast or a slow. But to differentiate between different you know, esters, you need to use the A and B-vile and see what they turn color wise to give you the perfect identification. Now in the past, okay, the, originally, this is now called the complete testing system. This was originally called, had a few different iterations. It was a much smaller box. Now it has this huge carrying case. You get your UV light, all your color charts in here, you get 10 vials. And there's also now an F-a-G and an H-vile. So the ABC and D are the test your anobox steroids, E-test, climbuter all, okay, F-NG will test quantitatively what's in the steroids. In other words, if you test testosterone, it comes back positive. Now you can use your F, okay, vile. And it will tell you how much testosterone is in there. If you are testing DACA, you use the G-vile, I believe. So I think I think trend and N-F-A and test, I gotta just take a little look, and use the F-vile, and then DACA uses the G-vile. And the H-vile, okay, it's just the retesting reagent, okay. So it's pretty simple. Now if you look at the charts, we can put them up on the screen. You can see the color reaction for oral products. So you see this, they broke the color charts down into here. You can test for your orals. You use the C-vile, and then either the A or B, depending on which is in the, recommended use chart, okay. And then you can see the different color changes. Obviously, at the B, anytime you use the B-vile, you will expose it to the UV light as well. And in certain circumstances, specifically, if you're testing methyl testosterone, you'll see it'll turn green when you subject it to the UV light. If you look at the next chart up there, if we put the injectable color reaction chart, that's gonna be the one that most people are gonna use the most, because that's the most of the antibodies. They all use the D-vile, and then either the A or B. And you can see it under the B-vile. If you hit it with the UV light, certain compounds like natural and phenyl propinate, which is NPP, test propinate, a trinacitate and trininanthate, we'll all turn a different color when exposed to the UV light. So you want that UV light, which comes in the complete testing kit. If you go to the third chart up on the screen, you'll see this is if you have raw powders. So if you're getting like powders in from China, you want to test them to see for the purity, you would use this chart. Now, it's interesting because a lot of people ask, what if my antibiotics are like, like, they have like water-based, you know, like drugs like wind stroll. You have to actually draw, you have to take a couple drops of the wind stroll, put it on a piece of paper, leave it overnight, let it dry out, and then the powder that's left on the paper, you can scrape off with like a little razor-brain and that's what you test. You can't put like water-based compounds into the testing reagents. It won't work. You got to use powders. Okay. So you got to powderize this stuff. Now, if you look at the fourth chart, I believe that's the color reaction for the pure raw powders. This is for the injectables. The first one that you won't before this was for oral compound. So you have four different color charts now. It's just broken down and made a little easier. But basically, the new technology that's out, aside from the fact that they've renamed things, is what we call quantitative tests in here. They're all available at dayplumboys.com. Now, you can get the Roy test complete testing system, or if you don't want to get the whole box set, you can buy the quantitative. Now, the quantitative test, which you tell you how many milligrams of compound is in this stuff, are only for three specific drugs at this point, or four specific drugs. Test and antherate, test-sippingate, deck and derival, which is natural and decant await, and trend and antherate, not trend-acetate, trend and antherate, the long-racking trend, the tabloid. Here's the trend test and here's the testosterone test. And if you look in these tests, if you buy these tests, you're going to get two vials. If you're going to test the test-sippingate or antherate, you're going to get the F violin here. And you're going to follow the directions and put your drops of liquid into this, then you're going to add the H-vial, which is the testing reagent, and you're going to make a little chemical reaction. You're going to play chemistry set. And then you're going to read the color chart. It's going to tell you how many milligrams of this. But you first want to test and make sure you have testosterone. And that's another test. So you're going to use the testosterone test. If it is testosterone and antherate, it's going to be going to use this, and it's going to tell you how many milligrams. Same thing with trend, antherate here. You're going to first use the trend-blown testing kit, which is two vials. If it comes back as trend-blown and antherate, then you're going to take this. OK, and you're going to put more substances in here. You're going to follow the directions. Very simple directions. OK, I'll do another video, another dime on that. And you're going to determine how many milligrams of trend-blown in antherate are in your compound. And then there's a deck of one, too. I just don't have it here. But it's all up on daypaloment.com. These are invaluable, because you might be able to tell now, you might be able to tell if you have the real drug, but you never really know what the dosages. So guys, overdose on the stuff, because in a while, it's probably weak when I can tell. You can tell for trend antherate. You can tell for DACA. And you can tell for test-sip in antherate. And I can't wait to all the other ones to done. Likewise for the clem uterol. When you test your clem uterol with the e-vile, not only will you test to see if it's real, but it will also tell you the quantity of clem uterol in there. And that's just a one-tester. So that the clem uterol is really super all purpose. And of course, we still have the growth hormone testing kits, which is like a pregnancy test, except the test for GH. You dip your stick in, 20 seconds, put it on the table even for 20 minutes. One line, mean you have real GH, two lines, mean you got fake GH. Super easy. Guys, this is gonna save you so much time, effort and money. And the long run, please, I implore you. Test your drugs before you put them into your body. Unfortunately, there's a lot of fake stuff out there, and there's a lot of stuff that's nothing. So don't waste your time and money. Check out the new Roy test, and please testing system, and all the quantitative tests that daypalumma.com. I'm telling you, you will thank me later.