We're launching the tasty pastry for the low-car hot tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs. And we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. On day polonbo and today is Friday July 30th, 2021. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. It can't even begin to tell you the last time we let off a show with women's bodybuilding. And since we have this brand new clip of Andrew Shaw training legs with Sid Gillin to share with you, well today's scene like the perfect time to do it. For the most part we haven't had much of the way of training or physique updates from the training and defending Olivia Champ since she won her title back in December. But from the way it looks, she and Sid Gillin have a whole dynamic duo thing going on at this point in their respective Olivia perhaps. And to be honest, seeing two current Olivia Champions training together is a rare thing nowadays. So more power to them for recognizing the value in having such a high level training partner. Like we saw last year when Andrew is at the top of her game, she can be damn near untouchable. And with someone like Sid Gillin as your wingman, it's hard to imagine her settling for anything less than her all-time best. Now since we're already on a woman's bodybuilding kick, I figured we might as well keep the ball rolling with this new update courtesy of your 2021 Omaha Pro Champ, the Kayla Acock on Tuesday, Michaela posted her first training clip since she won her Women's Bodybuilding Day view in spectacular fashion two weeks ago. And as you'd expect, she did what she always does, which is getting there and take care of business. I know that there are a ton of really talented athletes and women's bodybuilding that we just don't give enough coverage to. But even in a group with this level of depth, Michaela stands out as someone who could present this serious challenge to Andrea Shaw at the Olympia this year. She's always been one of the hardest working athletes in the business, and now that she knows what to expect when it comes to competing in this division, it's not hard to imagine a scenario where she eventually finds a way to take over. Outside of bodybuilding, in terms of pure star power, it's hard to match what raining and defending bikini Olympia champ Janet Lyege is bringing to the table right now. Last week, Janet let it be known that not only has she started her Olympia prep, she's doing it with every intention of coming back to defend her title against all comeers. I think if you look at the strategy that she's taken this year with her not competing at all before the Olympia, it presents a really interesting test case in this division. More often than not, we see our bikini champions competing multiple times throughout the year, which can be a huge strain on their body since they're essentially dieting 24-7 with no time off. But if she can make this work, it might set a new load management precedent going forward for how a certain athlete's choose to map out their season, and it will be Janet's blueprint that will serve as the foundation. I want you to take everything I just said about Janet Lyege's strategy and toss it out the window, because three-time bikini Olympia champ, actually call it was her test take in the exact opposite approach this year. Despite the fact that we're only halfway through the season, Ashley's already competed seven times, collected six wins, and we already know that she has plans to compete at least one more time between now and the Olympia, because she's headlining the list of names of this year's bikini international. In fact, they think you can make a pretty solid argument for this being the best regular season stretch and Ashley's entire career, which is crazy considering the fact that we're talking about the greatest athlete in the history of the division. And if there's anyone who makes the whole quote, it's not a sprint, it's a marathon thing ring true, it's her, because I don't think it would surprise anyone, but she added another chapter to her already historic legacy by finding a way to add another Olympia title to her trophy case before the year is all set and done. And that does it the added another edition of Muscle in the Morning on Daypal Unbow Reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.