Welcome back to Muscle in the Morning. I'm Dave Palombo and today is Tuesday, August 7, 2018. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Back in the day, anytime someone would say they wanted to train with me, I'd always bring them in for a leg audition to see if they were actually built to handle the grind. And I can tell you right now without even going through the process that classic physique rookie, a mid-roy would have passed the bar, no problem. Over the weekend we saw aroyanist team release a clip from one of their last leg workouts heading into the Tampa Pro, where we catch the former North American overall champ, pouring out every last ounce of everything that he's got. Roy is one of those athletes who just sucks you in with his energy and his work ethic to the point that you can't not love them if you're a fan of the sport. So now that he's gotten his first few taste of what it is to compete at this level, I think we can only expect him to keep getting better from here on out. Speaking of classic physique rookies, I like what I've been seeing lately from 20 year olds in session, Jonathan Hamburg. Last week, Hamburg and his team released a few new progress photos that show him looking lean in mean with an alleged 40 pounds of quality muscle since he won his pro-card at the NPC Junior USA's back in June. But that's actually so young right now makes Hamburg a really interesting case study to me because at this point, everything is so new to him that you really don't know what his ceiling is. But if he's in this for the long haul and he can manage to stay consistent, I can see this kid turning into a real force and the pro-lee for some point here in the next few years. Growing up, one of the things I remember loving about the iconic former World Heavyweight boxing champ Joe Fraser was that he really wasn't much of a talker. He just went out there, knocked dudes damn near dead with his left hook, and then went on and got back to business. And I'm not sure what men's physique all start branding Hendrix's left hook looks like, but I can tell you that this dude is definitely about his business with five weeks to go now before he makes his annual trek back to the Olympia stage, the current number three ranked athlete in the world is looking like he's dangerous as ever. And when this guy's full and didn't shape, I don't think there's anyone else in the division who's got the sort of 3D athletic look that he does. But with this year's Olympia looking like it may be the deepest ever, he better make sure he brings it if he wants to have a real shot at the title. With all the crazy tariff and trade war stuff going on right now, the cost of importing goods in this country is really all over the place. But hopefully, some many out there can make a few calls so we can lift the restrictions for end-fuego bikini import, i.e. a pecini, with three top two finishes and a win at the Pittsburgh pro, or the on a resume this year. The second year pro has been an absolute tariff from the word go all season long. During last year's rookie campaign, pecini came in to the Olympia weekend relatively unknown. But walked out of there with everyone in the building, knowing her name after a red-hot night play finish. With the improvement in such he's made and some of the stuff that we've seen in the division already this year, to me, she's one of the more interesting prospects in the lineup. And I wouldn't be entirely shocked that she found a way to work up into the top six range where she'd really established herself as one of the elite talents in the division. Somebody's going to have to check the water for me over there on the other side of the Atlantic Ocean because every time I turn around, I'm saying some new beast of a guy emerge from out of the woodwork. And over the weekend, I caught myself getting sucked into following Fran spanking new IFV pro, Jeznezine. The Zeme one is pro card early this year at the amateur Olympia in Spain where he won the super heavyweight in overall titles with one of the more impressive looks that I've seen all year long at the amateur level. Even right now, Nezeme has a few poses where he looks like he could hold his own against some pretty high level talent. And it'll be interesting to see if he considers hopping into one of those European tour shows after the Olympia, just so we can see how he stacks up against some of the best guys in the pro division. That does it yet another addition of him bustle in the morning. On day below, reminding you to always be sure to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.