Hi, this is Brian Helderbrand with rxmuscle.com, we're here live in Houston at the Branch Warren Classic, and I'm here with Men's Physicom Better, Erin Singerman, Erin, you've been prepping for the show for a while. How are the other boys? Well, I'm going to say Brian that they look very skinny and comparison to me. I'm looking at some of the guys, and I heard I tell his fiance Trent is the one and beat. And I'm looking at him and I'm looking at me and I'm thinking that he looks very, very skinny. That could be a good thing, or it could be a very bad thing. And you're weighing in three what now? And three twenty seven on the go, that's me, that's me. On the day of the show, I'm hoping to drop down from in the 320s turn on 220 to 18. So, that's a good number. I'm going to drop my water Brian, I usually lose about 100 pounds. Yeah, that's what I've owned. That's what I'm holding right now is 100 pounds of water. Give me a thoughts on tomorrow. Is there, do you know the number of competitors for the class? No, but there are a lot of people here. I would say, look, from the looks of the amount of competitors and athletes meeting, I'd say there's at least 300, they're in 50 competitors. If you want my guess from seeing the other Texas shows, let's say they'll probably be around 40 or 50 men's with e-commetters. So, I've got a lot of competition. So Aaron, tell me about your cardio confessionals. I know these were a big hit on the side. Everybody thought they were pretty funny. There's some good stuff in there. Overall, tell me about your impressions. Well, you know, the idea behind cardio confessionals comes from when I originally started working with Iron Mag Labs. Please Iron Mag Labs.com. Thank you. Like that? Gabe Brian came back for a second there. Lovely. So, when I started working with them, the idea was to find a vehicle to promote their products and their brand while showing people the journey of me getting ready for a contest. And I used that to show people my progress and to give me a venue to promote them. And I feel like it would be an interesting way to do that by documenting my cardio and documenting the thoughts that went through my head whether it be about life and being happy or whether it be about the difficulty of being on a diet or traveling while being on a diet. So it's just kind of, it was a means for me to do two things, promote and also to kind of, I guess, let people follow me. Now, the men's physique division is really growing. It's interesting to see the total number of sheer volume of guys that are showing up for this. You're height and you're weight. How do you think you're going to fare against some of the smaller guys? Well, Brian, I basically think it's going to one way or another. There's not going to be any middle ground. Either I'm going to win this show or I'm going to do really bad. It's really, I'm going to be at the very top, I'm going to be at the very bottom. So it depends on what they're looking for. If they want somebody, they're allowing, I got a great compliment at Team U from a top industry guy. And that's what they want, I mean, what a compliment. That is what he said that they would like to see this men's physique transition into. So if that's, if they'll look at that, they'll look at us in that light. And I think I'll do it really well. If they're looking for a hundred and ninety pound Abercrombie model, I'm going to do really bad. My, my, my thought is he actually wanted you to dress up like a gladator for him back in a hotel room. That's more of my guess. And of course I did that. I will be placing first as a result of that dress obsession. And we'll see video that soon. Of course, well, that was a requirement. You know, I think he said it's the private video though, Ryan. I'm hoping it won't be out everywhere. Well, there is a thing called the internet. And somehow another, I think it'll be there. But this is Brian Helderman or Brian Helderman with Aaron Singerman here. The, with, you're making me nervous, sweetie. That the branch won't classic and Houston Texas. I walk. Yeah, show us. Oh, he's a little bit perfect on me. You want to see the walk? Yeah, let's show us the show. Shut the knee you call love. What can fast? He you've been a mess. Where you shouldn't have been a mess in. And now someone else is getting know your best. These boots are made for walking. And that's just what they're doing. One of these days he boots. I've gone all the way.