So we are here back at the doctor's appointment, doctor's appointment number two and it's already over. It's already over. You want to, well, should you show what's on your hand or you want to hold on to a man? Damn girl, where did you get that rock? I got a lot of blame. Got a lot of blame over there. Guys, give it to me. So tell us what happened. Tell me what happened. Tell you what happened. I actually know, but tell everybody else. So I'm laying on the chair and get my ultrasound and you didn't do the vagina when this time, so I could shoot the whole thing. Yes, but never vagina ultrasound. So you know, Erin's doing his thing, filming it. And we got a little bit of time because we got the heartbeat again and there's like a whole baby this time. Yeah, we can actually see the baby, see the face. It looks like it's blowing kisses. It's just hard. It's very cute. So it's, yeah, you can see the whole, the baby is three inches now. Yeah. And so it's, you know, got eyes looking. Definitely showing that in me. So, so anyways, so we're laying there and Erin's filming the ultrasound, I guess. And all of a sudden, she starts writing, will you marry? And I'm following along. And okay, in my head, I'm thinking this woman's trying to hint something to him. Like, marry my mother, you know, pregnant her. Yeah. I was like, yeah, you know, they're kind of put the pressure on. So then she finished the sentence and said, will you marry my daddy? And I completely shock and speechless. And I turned around and Erin shut off the camera surprisingly. And set it up and got down on one knee and passed. Then you said? And I said yes. Pretty without hesitation. And the lady said, this is the first time she stood in 11 years. Yeah, first time. And the first time anybody has ever done this. I know that probably meant more to you than me. Although that was very, very little. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I mean, no one here, but you put a lot of pressure on me. You have to admit, you may not have met you. You know, you're not, you may have made me a jail. You've also joked around a lot. Yeah, you joked around, but I felt like there's like some seriousness in every joke. And you said that I, that I being a creative person that I should probably have something really creative and unique when I proposed to you. And so I can't put the budget ideas and none of them worked. And I really feel gratified that this one was met your expectations. Honestly, anything you would have done, it would have impressed me. And I would have said yes and been just as happy. I thought you were going to just knowing you. I just thought you would have done it in front of a big crowd. So I'm actually very happy that you've kept it intimate and personal. And just with us and the the nurse. So I was very happy. I was very happy and it's awesome surprise. Great proposal. So. How old was your child one day? How daddy proposed to mommy? Yeah. Well, the baby was actually there. The baby was on the screen watching over as I proposed. So he was kind of like watching, or she was kind of watching over. All right, I love you, babe. You You You You You