I'm Dave Palombo, founder of Species Nutrition. I created Species Nutrition with one mission in mind. To provide body builders and serious athletes with no nonsense supplements that work and are backed by science. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body. And that lives on in the Species Nutrition line of products. We use only top of the line formulations, stows for maximum results and the best flavoring systems available. I've put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition products. If you want to be your absolute best, join the evolution. After working hard at the gym, you need a mattress that works as hard as you do. Spinaline has engineered the perfect mattress for you and your active lifestyle. Don't compromise your recovery within fear or sleep. Or do your spinaline mattress today. As we sit here at the last supper, we must thank the Lord and take pause. Jesus, what's the matter? Welcome to another episode of After Hours. I'm Dave Alumbo and I'm back again with John Romano here on this beautiful August 11th, 2020 afternoon here. It's supposed to be nighttime, but you've got to, you've got to record when you can record. You still have to hours. We just have the fun which hours these are. So I have a, I've got to have an Valentino on today. So both the evidence coming up, but I have my Valentino sunglasses on. What do you want to do? I went to the eye doctor. So, you know, I got to tell you, you know, and you probably have the field is more than I did, but it's just 60. I'm only 52. The older I get, the more I become like my father as we all know, that happens. That's inevitable. Now I'm getting all the elements that my father had. Like, um, now I have like a cataract in my left eye. Now my left eye is my bed. I was in first grade. I got hit with a rock. Some kids would throw rocks at the monkey bars, one ricochet off hit me the eye. So I haven't really had good vision in that eye for my whole life. So, and everyone on this show now, teen, everyone has a bed. So, um, I mean, I'm here and I, you're like, open my eyes for bed. Yeah. So, I mean, I have obviously my contact lenses. Now I have, I've, I've now that I've hit 50. I can't read. I can't, so I've my contact lenses. I can see distance now, but I can't see close. I know you can't either you're always popping the glasses on. And used to, when I, you know, when you were 50, you were just holding everything at a distance or even, right? So now I got a can of raccoly. They said, it's not, it's, it's a three out of four. So, they wait till it's a four out of four to do surgery on it. That'll be probably next year. I'll get a can of raccoly. Like, like, I don't have a lot of callboy, like, my phone. I don't have any pressure problems. I don't know how any of these people that I hear have got cataract, like, colomal, any of them, or just the, the LASICs. Any of these procedures where they block your head in this, in this advice. And then, and then they, this machine comes down like into your eyeball. You know, I, there, you have to put me out for that. You know, it's called a kid's John. If you had one kid, I could have a kid. I could fall asleep anywhere. I fell asleep getting a tattoo. That's how tired I am, you know? I'm supposed to get a tattoo. I don't know how anybody can do that. But to get that in your eye, I mean, I think, well, they numb your eyes. So you don't even feel in the mess. Oh, come in. It comes into your eye. Or it's not. I'll see. Let me tell you something. You know, I've been wearing contact lenses for 35, for 30 years or something like that. And you could take your finger and poke might me right through to my brain stem. And I wouldn't even close my eye or blank because you become so desensitized your eye when you wear contact lenses that literally I can grab my eyeball. It wouldn't hurt. So I think I'm not going to have as big a trust for me. It's the idea of what they're doing in my mind. It's just fucking me out there. Right. You know, especially you with the medical doctor. Yeah. So you know what exactly, you know, root compartmental. And you know, be peace by peace. Right. And then you got this robot arm in your eye. Like crazy, right? I'm going to like come on. You move one millimeter to wrong. That's I know. I want to be a mobile. I don't want to be able to move. I don't. I'll be like, look, whatever you got to do, I don't want to be able to move. I don't care what you do to me. Just anchor me that. Look, my dad got through to cataracts. You know, my father, this is how the stubborn he is. He got one done. And we'll only did was complain after that. And you probably heard him because I think you were up there. And then maybe it was complained that he could he looked like he was seeing through a barbed wire fence. He was going, I said, Dad, that's because you haven't had the other eye done. You guys, what are you talking? I'm not going to get it done. And then I'll see, he thought it was going to be like, Double is bad. I said, you're seeing good at it one eye. And then the other one is fuzzy. So I think it's creating this this artificial, you know, artifact. No, you know, you're talking about. So you wait two year and a half, two years. Finally, he goes to the eye doctor. The guy is like, Sal, you cataracts it. You got to get this done the other eye. Right. He's like fine. Because he, what he did was he got the bad eye done first. He wasn't seeing that eye that eye. And he's another one bad eye. I can get another wonderful thing. I don't, I don't even have to inherit it genetically from them. I got hit me. I, to equilibrate my bad eye to his eye, you know. He had double hip replacement. I had double shoulders. You know, both had appendix and 17. You know, it's a total of two. I don't know how tall are same by so you're doing. Yes, genetically, would vulnerable to our genetics. What can I say? So. Yes, I've never had my eyes dilated so much. If I took these sunglasses off, I looked like I just went, I took 14 X to see pills. That's how my eye goes like. Because you know, I get the blue eyes, you know, especially in the Sunlight. Yeah, black. I look like a devil himself, you know. I went into the bank. They were like, they were like, looking at me like, because they seem all the time. They're like, the fuck's wrong with this guy, you know. You know, we take our eyesight so for granted, that's what Rick told that that is. The other day I was out on my motorcycle. I'm riding and I got, you know, face full face helmet. And right out of brick and nowhere, I'm in a turn. I'm committed. I'm like, I'm like, lean and over, you know, In the smaller area, you know, I came back with a and made a mess. All each have a helmet on, that was smart. And that's what I'm thinking. I'm thinking, holy shit. So many guys, right, but just like sunglasses like that, you know, we're no helmet or whatever. And you know, because they want to feel free and whatever, your whole thing went to bike. But that fucking bug, man. If I was not wearing it, if I had just said sunglasses on, it would have gone right through the freaking lens, I'd be, well, you right now. You know, they had that surges bike week. I think it was past this past week. Yep, all my brothers out there, with their, without their helmet. No, no face mask. They're like, no, I guess no helmet. Fuck it. They're peacefully protesting. What's wrong? I mean, the funny thing is surges, it has been like, we're getting a lot. I, they would say, how they, they brought in all this extra medical, something or others, you know. And they brought like, there's only like 5,000 people in the whole town. Yeah, when start, we have it. When the bikers get there, it's 250. Oh, I know. I don't even have any comp. That, I would imagine surges is probably the whole economy there. Oh, it's like, I, it's, and I went a couple of times when I looked at it. Oh, man, road it. Yeah, we actually, one of the times we actually rode all the way out there. That was a trip to remember. Right. Yeah, the next time I went on a trail or that was way better. But man, you want to be, it was more impactful when we rode there because it was a pathway to buy, buy eight of us went, you know, and I'm from LA, we started out at about 12, but only eight made it. Absolutely. How many hours is that? Fuck a lot. And I was three days we took together. There. Did you can't, you can't ride a bike, like you drive a car, man. It's, it's fucking take. It's like riding a motorcycle into wind like that. We're not like a crew, but not like a, like a, a goal wing, but like a, you know, a real motorcycle. Yeah. It's like being hung upside on a beaten with a bat for, you know, every hour that you're riding is uncomfortable. And go to sleep, you know. I don't have people doing for that length of time. I have people being across country. I don't know. I'm done it. I wrote some, I went from LA to, to, to, to Daytona one time. Really, really. How long did that take? That, oh, God. That was a memorable experience. It was like 19, it was in 80s. So I had, I had a really cold bike back then. And it was, I think we did it in six, six days. We took a, that's a brutal John. Well, what was more brutal is I was arguing with my girlfriend the whole time. So she was, and every time I step for gas, you know, make a phone back then, we used to, you know, tell me what. And, and actual booths, phone, phone, look at your eyes, don't know what the fuck that is. But it was actually a phone that's hanging outside that you put money in it. Did they even know what money is? I don't know. I don't, I don't think you're hot, you know, the bank even said where we have a change shortage. Yeah. Well, these things call quarters, you know? And you know, I'm gonna have a change. Shortage the bank, John, because then I fucking minting anymore. Oh, great. I found out who the hell uses change. Penis, what the fuck is this up any? Well, you know what, once the penny's gone, the nickel will be gone next. And then the dime and the quarter. And then before you know it, the dollar bills will be gone too. The change, I think I didn't get everybody should round up around down in the nearest dollar. Fuck, it's like, excuse me. I'm not, I'm not just a not that. You look, you know what the fuck, you know what I hate. You're panning. You're gonna give up your money. I'm telling you. Here's what happens. Five bucks. The thing is, four, 23. So I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get that pile of change. Those are my pocket. What do I do with that pile of change? It wasn't, it wasn't 420, it was five bucks. Because I'm never gonna see the change. It's gonna come on when I dump it in the ash tray or I'm gonna put it in the jar or whatever. And then, what happens? Some day you're gonna cash that in. It's like, it's such a pain in the ash change. It's, you know what? I can we can go cashless as far as I'm concerned because I use plastic everywhere I go. I never pay. If I remember back in the day when you were doing illegal stuff, you know, for those guys, they're not gonna be happy. I probably got created Bitcoin. You know what? I don't know. They got a roll with the times. You can't always use cash. All right. So whatever, man, I'm fine with them getting rid of cash. But get rid of the change. What it's so, it rounds everything up anyway. You will never spend that, you know, 72 cents. This is never gonna happen. No, you never know. My mother and mobile travel, the 20 miles to save, a penny a gallon of the gas station said, well, that goes with that whole generation. Yeah. Yeah. Part of the generation. Yeah. My uncle, he would drive, he would drive 30 miles out of the way we've played eight months, but we're just saying on, on, on premium, you know, because you got it with that. Yeah. So, I know you like this story. Let me pull this story up to you. Did you see the guy who's suing New York State, Madda Cuomo? Yeah. I'm honored. Yes. All right, I'll pull this. I, the problem is I can't see any John had to do all my texting for me to take because my eyes just will not. We do want a pretty good job. That's good. Yeah. Well, I had, I set it up ahead of the time. The funny thing is that they put so much dilator in my eyes. It's, it's, it's both the last and hour, John. It's like been three hours already. He's still can't see. All right. This is the Jim Mona Charles, a different Chesco. He owns a Jim that he is now. It seemed like every state has one of these guys that's going after the state, the governor's here. He's going to give us guys going after the governor and Jerry and Jersey. You got to Francesco who's got part of a coalition that's suing Cuomo. Good. It's not just him. So, what we do now. We meant the other, I didn't know you meant this lawsuit. I thought you meant the other lawsuit that they're filing against him for the nursing home. Now, patience. He's getting sued by them, too. What are they, sir? Cuomo is the one who ordered that they put the COVID patients in the nursing home. Oh, wow. I found people fucking more on. So now, yes, so now he's being sued for that. Well, this guy has got a point. He's like, look, the Jim's are places for people to get healthy. And guess what? You've got liquor stores. Look, this liquor store is open. They considered that an essential business. But the Jim's are not open. Well, I can be going to a liquor store and buy fucking wine and beer and hard liquor when you can't go work out. And you can buy weed. How come you can get an abortion? But you can't get a colonizer. But you're going to be more a Walmart, but you can't go to church. That's the problem with this whole freaking thing. There's so much incongruency to how they're handling it. Even the freaking masks leave the whole of the science that shows the masks that work. That not what's standing. The fact that if you look at 10 people wearing masks, 10 random people wearing masks, aid of them having a down here with their nose hanging out, no one's hanging off for a year. No, no, we've got it backwards. And they're not even using them right. So what is even wearing them? They're all touching them. They pull it out of their pocket. You know what I'm just going to do? What are they taking out? If you're going to use that man, and spite of the fact that on the box, it says it doesn't work. But if you're going to, you're going to, you're going to, you serve that fact and try to insert your whack logic on a side note. I got to show you this high speed video of a sneeze when a mask on, they slow it down. It's like a fucking crack of toe explosion. How many of these two are thing? It's like, are you going to tell me that that freaking mask is the easiest? What we're doing is mist directing. It's both freaking coming out all over the place. But it's not the point. They're not wearing, they don't even use them right. So so what is the point of forcing people to use my, my favorite, my favorite here is you go to the restaurant. You got to wear the mask, I don't, but they, they suggest it's on the sign. We're going to the restaurant and you got to walk to the table and you get to the table and you can take your mask off. And when you're going to go to the bathroom and put your mask on, walk to the bathroom. Yeah. It is kind of crazy. You're going to go to a place to eat. You're not on a single square of mask while you're eating, so. It's like, it's like mask on mask off, mask on mask off. I mean, it's like the plane and it's the seat and the fucking plane. We're kind of seeing, you're going to die. See you up here, you're going to live. No, no, no, no. Live. I'm not going to live. Masked die. No mask die, lastly. I mean, it's that fucking stupid at this point. I agree with it. It's kind of ludicrous and it's the, you know what the masks remind me of. Remember when we were back, I guess it was in the 80s. Remember the first person came out with this baby on board science on the farm. Yeah. You put it back. You win the, it was like suction cup to the window and you'd see, and then people started making new ones. They started adding like funny stuff like Yoda on board or, you know, jerk off on board, devil on board. Everyone had a different one and said something different. That's like the mask. Now we have all these like masks. They're like the Joker mask. Yeah. A clear one now. I can see the people you get. You drink through it. There's like, it's like a whole business now, you know. My friend, I wish I, I'm not filming in my studio because I, I actually quarantine Tyler because he wanted to trip less. But I have a high and senior sent me the RX muscle mask. I have to have them send you a couple. Oh, really cool. They're really cool. I don't, I wish I burned with me. I'm in the wrong place. So I should. But yeah, he did a really good job of these RX muscle masks and they're really kind of cool. You might even wear a judge's because it's cool. But I might hang it from my rear view mirror like the other guys really, you know, because it's cool. But I refuse to wear them. And nobody says anything to me. I walk into stores right where I want wear it. Nobody says it weren't to me. Amanda got me this thing. I really like it because you know, I have like, I have like a big head someone. The normal masks that they sell don't, they too tight so they, it went to slipping off my ears. Hind seniors have adjustable straps in the West side. I'm not sure if you're a regular one, but I'm an animal up mid to saying it kind of goes over your head. And then it, it's like, go it wraps around completely. And you kind of just lift it up. I look like I'm in the part of the camel crew. I want to get, I want to get these hoses putting, you know, when you have like a nitrous oxide system on a car and like before you get before you get a purge, you know, and then it comes out like the winsio wiper, washers, you know, it's spread. I want to get that and that coming out my nose. So that I can push the button and it goes. Come down to my, you know, all nostril. And then I wear a mask if it doesn't cool. I'm sure you just, you probably gave away a million dollar idea right there to actually, I think your boy Logan would love that show. Yeah, me was like a bull, you know, with your most coming out of the nose. Yeah, tell him my invented. We put a mask on him this, we took them to, for the first time to target. He was going stir crazy. And he wore the mask the whole time. He was really good actually. I can't even believe him. Because that's because he was, if you would have seen him in target ripping toys off the shelf into the cart, I couldn't put him back fast enough. He had everything, all the things this and this. I need to start with this. This is a re-provation from being locked down like God. He thinks he thinks I can get anything you want. He's like, no, no, no, I need this and I need that. And I need this, I need this ammo. That's his new word ammo now. Oh, yeah. So he's got a mask because he carrying a gun, too. Yeah, we don't want him to have a gun mask, but he's, he's obsessed with these like YouTube videos with the Nerf Blast, everything's Nerf Blast is there. Oh, cool. So he's a kind of an ammo. I mean, I mean, I just, I don't know, we don't have to giant water bazookas for the pool. Yeah, yeah, that is allowed to have. But no, he just loses them because he winds him scoring us in the IRC. Do you believe me? He's smart for the IRC. That's why we don't want to let him have the Nerf Blast. So he likes to assassinate you at point point. But he's like, no. He puts it right to you fucking head. And he's like, I don't love that kid. No, no, no. He needs ammo now. But I was thinking about when Max was a kid and he was like, he needed body armor and the halo when he was playing a halo. Oh, really? He had that certain mask. Yeah. I know my son's going to be the same way. I'm really, I'm really, I'm really, I'm really, he's going to need the hologram. You know, can you imagine how advanced that's going to be? Oh, my God. When Logan was, I was, you know, gaming age. Oh, you should. Five years alone in the video games will probably be insane. Awesome. Yeah. Come on. I think I think I still think the robot thing is, is the cool, is the cool. Oh, yeah. Exactly. I'm hoping that by the time John were like, Sabine that like we can have robot-like serving us. Like I'd like to have a whole staff of them. You know, I want to see, you know, you're going to think I'm crazy. But I want the sex robots. I want to see them perfect them. Because I'm going to sit back and watch the women freaking implode. Melt down because, you know, what can happen? Guys, guys, what are you going to put up with this shit for? I'm going to have a cherry 2000 over here, man. And then I'm going to listen to shit. I'm going to keep it in a closet and a bedroom. Hey, babe, come on out. You know, anyway, I want to, and then go back in the closet. And then I have a sitting out of a beer, watch the game, like you can go to a rancings. You know, what's going to bother me? You know, and then, but, and this whole concept of the relationship and the, all of this, give and take, I just going to go right out. It's already happening, but you can't even fucking hang out with anyone. Because you have to wear a mask and you're quarantined. You're going to matter even if you're not really cheating. Yeah. But this isn't going to happen to left of the election anyway. So the masks are going to be gone no number fourth. But as this, as this robot technology, because you know, the proverb for gay design to go out for a thought, to get, we get one of these sexual thoughts, you know, perfect. And I, you know, there's teams, a lot goes out there, working on that. And they're going to come through to, you know, Russian, Japanese, whatever. It's going to happen. And we're going to do it. It does. The second they have a viable humanoid crazy maniac, nymphosextol, or perfect. There is going to be a crash crash in our society, like you have never seen before suddenly a giant number of men are going to perceive the fact that real women are superfluous. Right? Right? They're going to put up an air shit for. I get what I want. I'll tell you right there, John, right? Like that. If you population control issues, you're talking. You're not, they don't want kids. They just want an important star, you know, live porn star in the house. What I want people to have to worry about population, they're little bit. And of course, they're not going to get shit done. The productivity is going to go down to Poelik, because they're going to have Menaja Twas, we're talking, you know, bar to fish and porn stars, 40 hours a week. And so no one's going to get a goddamn thing done. And then you're going to, this is going to be an up, it's going to be the most insane. The guy that cures baldness won't even get on the map. Yeah, right. But the problem is they feel the, the, the, the have us chemically castrated by them probably, or oh, there's going to be, you know, there's going to be, this, this will ruin humanity. And it's going to happen. And I, I just, I hope it happens in my lifetime, because I want to watch it. Yeah. I just want servants. That's all. I want some servants that I, like, I don't feel bad telling them what to do. You know what I mean? Because I don't really want humans. I would, I love robot servants that just, I could just, you know, I can make like funny. Like I could have like one guy look like, like, Arnold or Lou Frigno, I could make another one like Ronnie Coleman. Which you love having Ronnie Coleman like, and his Olympia for shape like just like, you know, being the botler. That's the torso. Right. Right. What about the staff of fucking the black movement have? It's also all right. You would, you know, he would just have like, you know, people have busts of like, people. Black movement would have like the glutes, you know, you know, he'd have, you know, a kind actor, all like you'd be getting like like an and Nicole Smith, like, you know, he'd be having like high victor, you know. But it would only be like the waste would be the most of the work you have robots. He said you sex robots. So you can get the map. You know, he's only interested in the glutes. So he would have the Roman around on wheels, you know, and just like, the need to the waste. Thank you. That part with the striations, you know, and then we just send them to catch the couch jerking off. We're like, you know, moving all around, you know, it's like like a maze. That would be like a hundred. We're like a hundred and ten. We'll have like a whole. Every new like USA winner and, you know, yeah, we're gonna get like this. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, get me a hunt alabrata. He'll be telling like his grandkids. You want to get me a present? Get me a hunt alabrata. Just the glutes. That we need to the whole robot experience. Oh, my god. So he had Steve, you're a hundred and ten when you can't drive. Oh, no, no, no, no. We'll be driving. This would be the best invention for me anyway. I want a box. You can roll the motorcycle into, shut the door, and then ten minutes later pull it out. It is freaking perfectly clean. Yeah, I was. I told you that for any, it's a little, that thing takes forever to freaking clean. Men is got so many little, you know, areas, first, frustrating. I had to get another shit over here. And when you're going to hunt your miles an hour and you get bugs getting trapped everywhere. I have not gone 100 yet. Not really. I'm 18. 86 was that. Does it feel like you're going faster or slower when you're on that bike? The acceleration, once you get up to speed, it's, you know, one thing after one, you don't even notice it. But the, the acceleration, if you're hard on the acceleration up there, it's the most violent experience I've ever haven't done a wheel here. I mean, like that. Yeah, well, it's kind of inevitable. I was really, wow. Well, I mean, you got to really like lay on it to keep the, to keep the, you know, it's hard. On full blast acceleration, it's really hard to keep the run in down. Right. Yeah. This is when you get the revs up. But when it, when it's, it's exhilarating. I, you know what? The 20 year absence, I know that puts me in a category of most likely to die in a motorcycle accident. But I got to tell you, man, I'm so glad I got back on. It's, yeah, I just, it's just the most best feeling in the entire world. I'm so glad. Yeah. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to enjoy your life. You know, you're at a good stage now and, yeah, you know, kids are all growing up. And you can do it. You want that. Exactly it. I waited to the kids grew up and now I'm now back. All right. Well, you know what, Chris, John, let's make a quick commercial break. And then when we come back, we'll bring in the Wackback. I'm Dave Palombo, founder of Species Nutrition. I created Species Nutrition with one mission in mind to provide body builders and serious athletes with no nonsensablements that work and are backed by science. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body. And that lives on in this Species Nutrition Lighter Products. We use only top of the line formulations, toast for maximum results, and the best flavoring systems available. I put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition Products. If you want to be your absolute best, join the evolution. Welcome back, guys. We're here with After Hour, and we got the Wackback. Happy birthday, Greg Melanchino. Yeah, happy birthday, Greg. Happy birthday, Greg. Thank you, guys. I appreciate it, man. Thanks, though. You're going to be 60. Wow. It was last Wednesday, August 5th. Well, you guys, 16 out including Mr. Cheese. No, not you, John. Oh, next year. I'm at no, I'm next October. John's in October. I remember that, yeah. Yeah. I got what, 90 days. It's crazy that your guys are all born the same year. Isn't that weird? Right, you know. I think that's the. Yeah, wow. I'm 59. No, you're not. Yeah, I think, that's the first time. No, don't be a dog. I get it. We work. 1959. Yeah, that was your first, 1961, really, that. I'll be 61, November. Oh, all right. But you're 60 right now. Yeah. He made, he meant. He meant he's not 59. He meant he was born in 1959. I was born in 1959. I was born in 1959. It changes. It's not the wilder when you're born in the 50s, then the 60s. Like I'm in the, I'm the 68. You guys are 60. 60s sounds like not as old as, as, as, you 59, right? Well, you can just see by all of this, how age is related to climate, climate, to decline, to build, and we're not going to profit from what you think. Because none of us remember what the fuck we're talking about. I'm so happy you guys losing your memory, too, because it was really concerning me that I was, that I was maybe going see an aisle, like had dementia, but I think it's just all age. I really think that's exactly what it is. We need new tropics. We need new tropics. I think the problem is, people from the tropics is not working. You're working on, I invented, I invented a vape, a vape, and that you have new tropics in, really. Right? Right? So inhale, and then you get new tropics, high, right? Right? So right after I'm getting into the, I got a guy ready to invest in this thing, and then the whole thing happened with the kids in the vape, and they got to ban vape, and then the guy said that. We have an advertiser that has a pre-workout vape, who work out vape. I have, I think that once I landed out of the bag, it was only amount of matters. Yeah, I'm not going to put it in a way you will. Dude, I do the vape, I did the vape. I do it. I've never gotten this to you. The stoke, game face, game faces on the level. Yeah. Look at this fucking guy. Mr. J. A. Hey, what's up there? So here's the big thing. Every week I get told you can't do it. It's not way, it's not. Don't do it now. No. No. You see that guy, you saw that guy, my car. I saw that guy. You really, you know what? Can you please? My car is on show. Your friends. I didn't know that. He's not cooking the one. He's a one. Yeah, cooking the one. He's like, can you clean your camera, Mr. J. That's fine. The camera's fuzzy. I think it's because you're in dirty. That's all. Yeah, two hours on it. Hey, Jim, I have to put this wrong. Oh, thank you, Jimmy. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, no. The man in my history. He got cooking. He got cooking. I got the fucking chips. I mean, I got things, big, can. Don't make fun of that. Wow, oh, he's not that scary. I got it all up there. I only did the chips. Mr. Man, so big. Yeah. I'm ready. Yeah, look, right here. See those. Wow. Wow. Let's see no. J, hey, Dave, that's the new warrior. You're getting the Oreo, John. And you're going to get the, get the, believe bar, which is, which is, as those peanut butter cups, protein peanut butter cups. Not come Jimmy. To three hours late to the party, he gets his ore. I'm a little excited. John's a fan of the horrors. We already got that. A man named. He's my judge. I'm a man named one of your cookies. I'm gonna tell you. Who did it? Who did it? Amanda. You got to take it when met for you. How did you get it? I should have taken it in so much. You didn't have to bring a met for me. I'm gonna tell you. I just gave Mr. Dick a great marketing opinion. You just take a little bit of a pack of plastic packs. Would have met for me and pill in there. You stick with further things. I got the. I went a lot. I went a light note the cream. I'm gonna make the cream. I'm gonna tell you. The same thing. This isn't an Oreo. Yeah, I told him. Perfect. So I'll make it a lot less. I'm gonna show you everything is in a so-fi. But you know what the delicious. And I'll tell you one thing. I love the the macadamia not ones are probably my favorite. But I, you know, because I like the white chocolate chips and I like the macadamia. That's an absolutely phenomenal. Yeah, you were in Logan sunglasses. Yeah, yeah, I am. Because I have my eyes dilated. I was at the eye doctor. Hey, look at this. Hey, I want to show you guys one thing. So when you when you. When you cut when you cook. When you cook. You know, the big kitchen. A lot of you you store the fire itself and these big giant bins. You know, so I had it. So the species. I have 50 pounds of species. That I have in this big. Let's take a. Yeah. The drop in. That's 50. 50. 50. 50. Nice. I'm. Unfortunately. I didn't sell it. I don't know where you got it. What's that? Not that I'm just kidding. Hey, I just want to give me a bowl. You need to pull sent me some video from. Where is Jimmy? What are there? Is that a fake? Jimmy, how much were you lifting in that video? Do you remember? Yeah, that was one of my fans sent me that video. I was a. I was about 7.65 or something shit. Wow. I remember spot you reverse benching like 600 or whatever the fuck that was. That was crazy. I was praying to God you didn't fucking did you did not fucking like sell. Because I was not able. I couldn't lift that off yet. I did. I didn't have. I didn't have points with Jimmy. I was I was announced on stage. He's gotten two. Twenty five on the crowbar. You know, going. You're crawling up like a food's head like. You're going. Then he kicks up the 130. I don't know about it. It's like doing shit. You know, I did it. Same shit. I was man in the woman's extravaganza. And he was reverse benching. He had it. Bro, he had a lot of weight on there a lot. I. I pissed the war off because he had four. He was supposed to have four plates. And I said, I mean, he's and he said, it's 405. And I'm like, no, I'm like, no, I'm not truly only 395. And he got the odd stage of front everybody all piss over. I put it on 25. I'm like, I hit the. I hit the. I'm not heavy enough in front of you. Just this video guys. Just the video of 765. Yes. No, that's when he did a thousand. I deserve. Most of them 65 right there. What. I did a double day. It was eight. Five. There's eight 55. This is insane. Watch this. He can't even cheap because the weight so heavy. It just goes right down to his chest. I didn't get him right there. I was right there when that was there. He was doing that. The. The thousand 15 is what's fucking nuts. Yeah. That was. I know you didn't refuse to spot him on that, right? No, no, no, you got it. You got to play that one. The. The. The only. He went out like this. He only did was take the bend out of the bar. No. Everybody said. Everybody said. And if fucking bars going to snap. I mean, 10 God. Stay right there. He goes. He goes. That that bar is going to snap any fucking Jimmy just goes like this in the book. The bend just goes like that. I did a bar. I played. I. I was. I was. I was. I was. I've all done as well. Okay. So. So it's. He did something right. No,當然 they've. Americans, they even said. I looked. You knew you were. Well, you didn't give. Oh, but. After. I'm like, hey, hey, hey, yeah, like I do to my truck. Yeah, this like the one up there and you're seeing it. You know what I mean? I'm like, hey, I'm gonna ask you to tell a quick story. I don't really have like a long time. I just, my brother called me up, he had a bad day. You know, he left me this message that he's struggling with the kid, the college, the pills, the father, the cars, fucked up, his boss, he called up his boss. They're very scrutinized, you know. Every day, I found a very duller and nickel. My brother goes, how many hours have I got over time this week? She says, I got the 22.3.7. You know, they're driving crazy, right? Yeah. So he's, he's all these messages. So I found a full of backers, you know, I didn't answer my way. And I said, get ready. You want to hear what kind of fucking day I had? I'll tell you what day. I said yesterday I worked. I thought, I'm gonna buy a real firecrack in the morning, my team because I had to get the extra for this six fucking time to say, guy, okay, then I fucking wouldn't work. I came back late because I worked late last night and I fucking got it locked, I'm coming to fuck off. I couldn't get the car out of the fucking thing. So I was walking by my car worker. He said, what are you going to do? I said, what do you mean? I'm going to cross you and jump your home. So he jumped, he's fucking off home. Okay? I said, fuck it. I'll take my holiday. I'm super long going to get my lunch and do what I got to do. I did. I jumped, I go, my bike, I go, holy shit. The fucking hall, the key is with the james. I don't want to fuck the money, I'm gonna take my money. So I can't go, I'm super big. I bought a hot dog last night. I saw it, I got a fucking dead. I couldn't make it to the fucking supermarket. Right? So now I get up, I'm fucking going, don't want to be on a pick-up in the morning. Four o'clock, it's just pocket, don't be late man. I got to be on the body. I'm gonna get a fuck off. I get up at two thirty. I shit, I shower, I get on my shit ready. I'm waiting to fuck, I'm fucking on the floor five. Four o'clock, I got a cold spot, fuck. I call him up, I'm going to get a no-ass. Where am I going to do now? I got to get the fucking yard. I should fuck it, I got a basic last night. Let me take that one off the fact, jump outside, I've read the place, I go, I stop my fucking bed. You get a fucking wreck, I got a flood tire in the front. I should do this, Christ, I take the fucking bike and I'll hold on to your gave you. Fuck, before they will whump, sweat my bottle. You get to the fucking yard, I'm gonna get to the yard, I'm gonna stay on. Sparky, coffee, go, I'll take my riot. I should win me, where am I? I'm almost at the yard, with the fucking talking back. He goes on at your house, I got my house, I saw a lot of them, it's the fucking yard. He goes on the right there, he's right there, he's right there for one. He goes up and now he's right behind me with the flashes on, right? I still want to get this, go to the police, I have a heart attack. I saw that, I'm just, how do you look? This is gulped from the birds in the vise. I said look at me, I'm fucking, I said look at me. I said look at me, my life's gone back with I'm on a fucking place, it will go on a work with my fucking whole bag. And the fuck is wrong with this picture, right? So I get, I need to talk, he walks the truck, I get out, I'm off my bike, he goes, ah, Jim, could you do me a favor, I just washed my bag, I got to go, it's late, it's the 10th fuck. Right now, he goes, I need an error, my tie. I need an error, the fucking yard, I got to borrow your house, I said, take the fucking thing, I got three minutes to give it, I fucking stay on up his house, I fucking get out of, I throw it, throw it, I'm taking it all, I got to the fucking 7-11, because I got to fuck 100 free, I should let me get some fucking water, I pull up 7-11, I've got my goddamn mess gone, I go to 7-11, I'm sorry buddy, so I don't, I don't, I got to fuck a coffee and a whole case of fucking pulse queen, I paid already, I walk out, I got to pulse queen, I left in, coffee my right, mess got my face, 100 degrees, I'm running to the truck, I'm saying, I'm gonna get fuck out of that, I know it, I can't even breathe with this fucking mess car, right? I finally made it to the job, I finally made it to the job, I get home last night, I got to pay myself on the, I still, I ran for the whole fucking day, because I still got to, I still got to pay the fucking bill, go home, I call them on the fuckers up, press two, press three, press the two, whose your mother's be named, what were you, we were born, we had to, I had to, I had to, I had to, I had to, I just find a pay off, fucking per-bye, no fucker, I, I can't, nobody on the fucking phone, they do this shit, I'm just right, it's like, red the forer, I start hitting, no, no, no, no, I'm just, I'm just gonna like this, and anything, nine to three, five, seven, nine, five, all's an idiot is gonna help you, I should, Jesus, I, it's out with a text, he just somebody on the fucking phone, I just don't fucking piss like, you, you, fuck, I make me crazy, I can't, this gonna be a bad way, click, I should, wanted to they It's a weird half-body get this motherfucker. You just hung up on me! I'm gonna do it now. I know he's fucking day-filled, better. I know he's fucking day-filled, better. I'm besting is now tonight when I go home. I'm gonna get my bicycle and bicycle to the fucking cheap. I'm fucking covered the yard. What happened to your car in this that in the beginning? Why didn't your car work this? I had a fucking big fix, like fucking six times in this fucking pack of stuff. I mean, time I already fixed the bring-up, down a roll, everything's four and the back of the mirror. She punched my ass in the back of the- I went back, I went back, I took four times, I said, listen brother, you gotta get this shit right. I can't even come back yet, I need my fucking jail bro. All right, I was leaving here five and a more and I'm not too care. And you locked the thing up in the fucking yard, can you get it? Oh, it was locked in the yard, I-I-I-I that's what I missed, okay. Dude, I'm fucking dead, I'm fucking dead, I'm fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking shit. I'm fucking dick, I'm fucking fucking hit my house, I'm fucking hot, the fuck, it's hot, the fuck, it's hot, the fuck, it's hot, the fuck, it's hot, the fuck, it's hot. But my key is on the fucking je-key. Ah, je-hats! I ended up on a fucking bicycle, sixty fucking one years old! God bless bro. You know, a fucking diagnosed with some incurable disease, you know, I would just call Jimmy up and listen to one of these stories. I wouldn't feel so bad. What was the guy who did that therapy? And I mean, there was a guy who was also, he was like terminally ill and he just surrounded himself with just funny movies and... I can't. What was that? That was a podcast, bro, one, he's the doctor, and that's a single thing. He's sick of himself. He laughed himself. Jimmy did a nursing home, you know? Dude, I want to kill, to see. What Dave said when Dave said, like, Miss Gulch, I could just pitch a Jimmy with that. That's the... That's the thing. That's the thing. We call it... We call it... Matthew Cars, beeping at him and he's looking at him like, what? No one knows what we're talking about. When I was a kid, when I watched the Wizard of Oz, I loved it. And because it was only on once a year, I don't remember what holiday it was on. And when she returned into the witch, I was so scared. No, I hope any part of the scary part was when I was bad things came in through the forest. That was happening. I agree with him, there was something about that witch. You're looking around in your room after watching the... Margaret Hamilton was such a good witch. It was unbelievable. She was great, but the scary part was those flying monster. The monkeys, the flying monkeys. Flying monkeys, the little monkeys. They're all things scared to shit out of it. Picture Jimmy on the bike and a big fucking bus. It's like fucking bus. It's like a monster behind it. Don't put it in the eye, man. I want to see Jimmy dry and his Harley down the yellow brick road. Let's watch Jimmy bench press. Yeah, you got 1,000 feet. Oh, good. Let's see Greg, the shit up these stories I'm telling you because my life... I can't help that what happens to me. It's fucked up off. Dude, I'm the same way. Normal shit fucking doesn't happen to me. Let's just say what I want to do. What do you want? That's good. I thought I think it's a different one. Yeah, it worked. What happened? This says 1070, 1015. That's better. This is it. This is everything. Oh, look. Everybody thought that bar was going to snap. About 1,000 pounds. How about 1015? Oh, my. The weight's didn't add up. Here it goes. We're going to be on the side of the cross. You're going to get that right. You didn't get that right. You didn't get that right. The bar has been. Who are those guys holding a spot in your dear Jimmy? Those are two bikers. How are we looking? There's an airic mosaic. There. That's fucking balls right there. It was it was f***ing what? 15 years later before somebody actually did it. That shirt was like it was like an aspen in she had on. You know, it was like a sh**. I like Jimmy's ass and those spandex. We lost Jimmy. This appeared. Yeah. He looked like Hank. You know, you know, I was spotted him. But I was by myself and on a stage. And I kept saying to please, please, please, please, please, Please, please, please get this on your own. Because if he couldn't get it, I don't know, 6,700 pounds per reverse bench reverse. And he got it on his own. You know, I want to just say something, But you guys out there don't know Jimmy. I know you see these spotters on the side. And it looks like they're lifting it with him. They're not prone. They're not. They're just, they're just there in case something happened. You can't break those questions. I found it. Here it is. Jimmy. No. No. No. I found this Jimmy. Jimmy on the bike. No. You know what the best is? When Miss Goldschis riding it, the house is up in the air. And she's looking out in the hurry. You know, she's in the... That's when it scared me when she turned into a witch. Yeah. Well, you know, but she was up in the air. When she was up in the air. She goes and Miss Goldschis into the witch on the broom. So, you know, she's looking out in the hurry. She's in the hurry. She's in the hurry. She's in the hurry. She's in the hurry. She's in the hurry. She's in the hurry. So, so do you remember our English grinder? Yeah, of course. Okay. Of course. I'm doing an exhibition. At how I'm speaking an exhibition. It's hard to be on a microphone. Jimmy to bull. You're going to do it. Why do we have someone's actowing? I don't know why we're actowing. I don't know why we're actowing. I don't know why. Jimmy. I don't know why. Come on. All right. So Jimmy to bulls is going to do his strength exhibition. He got on your shredders on the microphone. No, it's wrong. She doesn't know anything about Jimmy. She's at a living fucking in all of them. So, like, I'd say I take all of her. And just while she's talking, Jimmy and Brax thing, he's warming up. All you hear is stuff smashing. He's got golden metal chairs and throwing them. Smash them as they're for a while. He's got, you know, one third. He's got weights on the bar. He's picking me, throwing them down. Smash it. Growling. And on your shredders, I think she's having fun. Like, 15 hundred. He doesn't know what to do. She's like, I found the microphone. And she's like, you know, panic. Jimmy's warming up. And I, you know, I took the mic. I go, I, you know, I just Jimmy's just warming up, you know. And then the freaking audience went nuts when he came out. John, do you remember what Jimmy would do that? Sometimes his girlfriend Rita would fucking spot him. You remember Rita? Yeah. Well, he said she used to stand him. She used to ruin the show from because she'd still the thunder from him. Right. She told me he told me she stole his anodrolls out of his fucking. He had his top draw. Bro, she would stand or she'd be like him. He should, he should married her. Bro, they were fucking. Bro, he's on a fire image. That's not good. Two, two volatile. Oh, you imagine the arguments between you. Oh, I know it. Well, they ruined that counter-scaster, remember? I thought that was Jimmy by himself. He went out. Oh, that was Jimmy and Rita. They punched holes in the wall. I want to go. Good. Good. Yeah. Good. Rita would fight guys like John and Jimmy. Yeah. Speaking of that, Ed contacted me. I guess the people who bought the gold Jim franchise in Germany, reached out for him. They wanted to involve him in the gold Jim franchise. So he's all excited about it. Thank you smart to do that. Yeah. That's great. That's the both work. They went to involve Ed or Ed. Yeah. They went and involved Ed, Conras. Like, yeah, they should bring a little guy all the guy back. We started from the day one. I think Ed was the brains. I don't know how much Pete Grinkowski and Tim Kimber did over there. I think Ed was doing most of the right. Tim Kimber didn't really do much. I was out there. He wasn't doing much. They were just investors. What did Grinkowski do? Grinkowski's brother was a lot more involved. Yeah. He, Grinkowski was an Ed, and we're like random company. Right. Yeah. He, Grinkowski's brother, Paul. Yeah. He, Grinkowski's brother, Paul. Yeah. I actually bought my gold Jim license from him in Mexico. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He was, it's just like the will and normed rubbish. You know what I'm saying? Will rubbish with the norm was the genius behind that. I didn't know that. Yeah. So norm was, yeah. How's James came from the two brothers? Will and norm? No, I know them both. They were great. And norm's not with us anymore. But, um. No, I know norm. I mean, I own the powerhouse. I know norm very well. I will. But will was the fucking monster. Where norm was this way. Same thing Paul and Pete Paul used to take Jews. It was a Jack that one time, but not like Pete. Pete. If you saw Pete on Jews, he was a monster. How many of you went off? You wouldn't even know it's the same guy. I heard some crazy stories that the Grim caskey was taking, like, retarded amounts of drugs. I saw him with my own two eyes. So I'm sitting on a bench in the gym. Sitting before his workout. Sitting on a bench. He took a bottle of Diana ball out of his gym bag. He's like, well, friend, you with the plastic. He took it off. And he goes like, post the cotton out. He goes like this. Yeah. And now. Oh, God. I've heard that stories that get to. But that was real deep. Well, the blue ones, the blue ones. 500. Oh, that was that one again. See you. Right. 500 mil. He has milligrams. But he's both over. I'm going to leave. I'm going back. Yeah, you're back. Oh, cheers. George, fix your camera. All right. I'm going to give you a phone. I think they did. The phone's here for some reason. Is it Jimmy? Did you give it? Did you used to who took more anadroll? You were Pete Grim caskey. What happened? Who took more anadroll for day? You were Pete Grim caskey. Um, I don't know. I used to take up the least three days. I don't know what Pete was taking at that time. I heard you took eight. The rumor is you took 80 days after. No, I didn't think. I think you're looking at the book and liberal. You're good at it. Yeah. I think you're taking four a day a few times. Really? Yeah. I got up the floor. But I didn't stay on the back enough. I get it for the while. I was taking a human gem. You're hunting him. Yeah. Did you get a new shiit on the store? Yeah. You put it on the atonement. That was the Andrea on drugs. Yes. Yeah, you put it on the atonement. It was crazy. What drug made you the strongest, Jimmy? I had a nice combo. I had a spitting. I had a draw out of all. I had a little suspicious. And I was walking for normal man. No, bro, suspension. Oh, my God, dude. You take that. You boners and shit. You know what? I love sten. Get dirty. Drop from Mexico. sten. Yeah. Yeah. And there's something that's right. I'm not living in California. That's just it. I just came out without just that. We got fucking dog. I didn't do the plastic. All right. Yeah. Preload. Preload. Yeah. Preload. I don't know where they have a stupid nose day. So, you know, I took the fucking dead out of the foil. Right. And I just stuck it in my fucking ass. And I was like, oh, he shit. It was like a four new games. You know, it came with it was like a seven gauge needle. You can do it by. I need to get that needle. I know what I would like to do. I put it out. I fucking s skin chicken. I mean, they came with it. Oh, shit. I was like, fuck. I fucking shoot now. I was like, what the fuck? So, my friends is no, me. I was just pulled a punch. You're out of the back and draw it out. Would a regular fucking dog. It's fucking hot moon man. What's wrong with you? I just stuck it in the ass. I fucking feel. I wanted to try to do it. I wanted it. It was like a dog. I'm not a dog. I'm not a dog. I'm not a dog. I'm not a dog. I'm not a dog. I'm not a dog. I'm not a dog. I love you. I love those big, you know why? Cause you don't sit there and struggle. It's got. Yeah. What was the cheapest you ever got those those ready jacks for when you were buying volume? Uh, trust it on. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We were paying like 10, 10, 12 dollars a day. No, you know, he was buying thousands. How many week? About two or three paying. $2. Maybe. Wow. I was like 25 dollars a piece now in the farm. I was bought. See what people realized when I was a drug dealer. I didn't sell to the kid in the gym. I sold to all the drug dealers. You know what I mean? So I would get volume. Sometimes I would I would get a box and I would never even like, here's the box. I would just hand it all, you know, hand it all to I never even looked in there. You know what I mean? I could tell you stories. Woo. You know, I would never. In Mexico for three bucks. Did that. I used to get him $2. You know what the best was when you were buying a Dominican shit. I would go to Washington Heights and the Dominican pharmacies. I would go with a, you know, with a Dominican bodybuilder, wink, wink. And we were going there. Because he he was Dominican. They all know him. He spoke Spanish. I just went. We're going there. And we will come out with fucking Anna Bullock. Dude, I'm telling you, I paid $2. $2. $5. To $2. For that shit boxes. And that was, you know, and I would even get got a boss from this person. Hey, guys. And I should have done a lot of the shield made of a book and a white metal. Yeah, that's it. Yeah, the old. That's real. It goes really 2.5 milligrams of those pills. Yeah, but it was a fucking thing. I did do it a morning and do it night. I got hard as nails and I'm fucking things man. It was unreal. I was doing it. Well, what was he making strong those anecdotal? I was like, I was strong. I was like, Jimmy. I think I used to do curls with like 3.15. I've done it. Yeah. I've been who was Jimmy was saying the Anna Mar though. He would use 4 Anna for a day. You have a different scissors. That shit was real. It's that they show me these deballs and you're 50 milligrams. I'm like, no, man. I'm up John rugby. Up John rugby. Starris. That was all the fucking good shit man. No, my own. Well, Chris and Cito told me that hitting Bob Grush can we get off the bus. And they at the corner store and they go in the pharmacy and Bob had like a connection there and he would pick up a bag of just like real like Anna Mar and this sauce. Really? Yeah. That's not Charlie. Okay. Well, remember, it's the drug. The drug. You used to drug. The box is it goes Jim at the counter. And he's the drop off five more. Different all the body builders who make their orders and the drug reps, which is deliver. Really? It was a story. Like I knew that Arnold used to talk about. Like it was like every, you know, the best is to talk to Leon Brown. Leon Brown's got to, oh, yeah, every Wednesday, they've been getting a delivery, you know, an in for the UPS guy to do. They don't be waiting outside for the UPS. The funny thing is no one abused the stuff. Everyone was like, oh, yeah, give me one bottle of this. So, I don't know if it's true. We don't know what you're doing because I wasn't there. But, you know, we have to say about the deep ball back those who pills years ago. You think they weren't good and fucking things? You know what? I never took those because I can't. I started thinking, I never took it. I have a lot of friends that took the deep ball. I think what I love. Impolish, metanable, which was deep. Oh my God. That shit was fucking. That was deep ball. Like no other deep ball you could imagine. You know, and I did like the Russian deep balls and the Russian substance. I got used to get those, you know, the mnemodied. They were the thousand in a bottle. Yeah, original ones that came over were very good. The original ones. But then after that, they like, I think they were trunk pills. They saved them, yeah, they saved them. Yeah. You bet metanable. They were coming in orange strip like that. Yeah, I remember. Oh my God. How about check drops? Remember those? Those who wanted, what's the name used to sell up? Check drops with a strength. I'm sure Jimmy probably tried them once or twice. Already did. Great. Let's see. Rod. Rodney Woodlearn. Remember to tie on UK stays to you. Oh, God. Oh, I think I could read that. I'll just do it. I'll take it. Because I'm pretty well with it with the solid thing. So I'm gamey above of check drops. And I had a sitting in my drawer for probably two, three years. So I'm going to try it if it jim. Because it's supposed to make you super, super strong. They would give it to dogs to keep female dogs to keep man ahead or something like that. And I took, I didn't have a dropper. So I took like a spoon and I poured some in a spoon and I put it onto my tongue. Big mistake. I took probably a hundred times the dose you should. I had ingestion for fucking three days. So bad. I felt so nauseously sick from it. But in the gym, I was, I was so strong. I felt like super man. I was, I was afraid I was going to tear something. I didn't even want to work out. That's, that's how strong there was. I heard a story that you, you got to tell him if it's true. I heard because I used to sell the PTF, you know, I was supposed to go in and lose. Yeah. Yeah. And I think it was Gary had told me. And a little guy. You know, I'm talking about. Yeah. My friend. Yeah. I mean, he said that you took, you tried the little lady and you tried too much. And you had to go to the hospital because the cramping down there was a no no no no. I, I was the first person to get lootaways before anyone did. And why sold it? I think you got it from our guy because we got, I had an in bricks. I would never take that. I think I got it before you because I actually had a script. My doctor friend wrote a script for her. I feel the, but I experimented with the first and it was a 30 C C bottle of your memory. It was, it was a, it was a prostic landing. It was supposed to cause localized muscle growth. He had to right. What it basically did was you took the shot and you had the and you got the flow for two hours. You wanted to shit. You wanted to throw up. You, you felt no ashes. You got a fever. Every sign effect of the flu. You got accept muscle and you got no muscle growth from it. So I, I couldn't get through, I, I probably did 20 days in a row. But I said, this is ridiculous. I feel like shit. It's not working. And it was all because someone wrote this internet article about it theoretically. It should have caused a low flight muscle growth and yeah, all the, all these, you know, crazy things. So I never even got through the first 30 C Cs. And then I sort of, everyone was using it. I'm like, these guys are fucking nuts. I said, anyone uses this crazy. And I don't think anyone used it like longer than one bottle because no one can take it. Who the fuck wants to feel like they have the flow over time? I showed it to drug dealers. And they, they would come back and tell me, do everybody's taking a shit. They can't, because you're supposed to take like a quarter of like a C C. It's like the craziest amount. Right. And there is no. The minute you take more than that, because it's an abortion medicine. It's, it's for abortion for cattle and you're cramping and everybody couldn't get off the toilet. It's like you're going into labor. That's really, that's what we never, never take a low can six. You should have been taking it. That's going to be the new big thing. That's the new, it's the new big thing into the low can six. No, I don't fuck with any of that shit. That's just a thing. I used to sell it. But I heard such horror stories about it. I never tried it. Because you know, I don't have a lot of money. You'll tell anyone. Remember to help me. Remember to tell me. Remember to help the people who are in the hospital. Remember that? That was before my time, even. Oh my, that's fucking like early mid 80s, maybe. Yeah. Remember the fire, Mue case Ampules. They were like this big that they've glass Ampules, they wouldn't have procured A cream, they called it? Accured a cream. Yeah. Yeah. It has a positive story. So, topical fun. Remember this deposit was the waste? The chemical, the chemical. The chemical deposit, the chemical and pill. Stigmatized, you're not going to do all three together. Yeah. I know that is still working with the with the depositories we're doing. That's stupid. I think that's who's black men consult them. I think that's what I think. That was what I did. Yeah. Hey, listen. All the rubs. I met the American Olympic coach for Wayne Liffing that before they they put our guy on drugs. All I mean, in the Olympics, the only rushes were beating with the string us. And when I happened to this in the Olympics, he actually worked for Jacqueline as I met him because it's sort of the one on one and he told me the story that they were all out drinking together at the rushes beat only and beat everyone. Question that's when the guy Alexia did 500 pounds over his head. That's silly. Yeah, and when the rushes that when the rushes, coach got told, we told our American guy, hey, we're doing all this stuff. We're doing a Diana bullet, told all the stuff that we're doing. They weren't through the animal. They didn't have Diana bullet. We invented Diana bullet to combat the will of testosterone. They were never they had testosterone. They were they were doing it. We take it several. But it wasn't illegal. That's the whole thing. They just had found. Right. So then John did then see about right. Then they create the animal. Yeah, 1959. The Germans. Yeah. We did. We did it. We did it in 1995. The Germans invented Diana. They did it. Because they because they lost the what's his name? The track star. Jesse Johnson or whatever his name is. Jesse. Jesse. Jesse. Jesse. Oh, but yeah, because when we're Jesse Owens ran and he bit the fucking hitler. And he said, he's in the lead that shit. And after that, Remember to eat German chicks too. They were jy eyes. I thought they were using a testosterone. And then in 1959 they invented Diana bullet in the United States. That's that's the timeline I have. I remember hearing that. Deep. 1959. I heard the first bodybuilder to use it was Larry Scott. Really. I wouldn't be surprised. I don't know. You admitted to that in an interview. It. It was. It wasn't a. No, it there was no negative stigma was like taking amino acids. You know, you were exactly what he said. He said we thought it was like taking vitamins. They all thought that it wasn't till his fucking 90s. But we either know. We don't know, back in the 70s. That's why. And then I get the readers. I went to we either. He's off his son of waitin for him out out. No, in the waiting part. We're the secretaries are. And it's a lump on the wall. in penny, something penny, you can greg with no. But anyway, so on, that was a penny. Is he a money guy? I think that's James Bond. Yeah, no, no. We either had this secretary for ever and forgot her name, but she was really sweet. So I'm on the wall, this is a match of a bunch of vials in the conch out from the whale. No, okay, it's like 12 or 15, and these cars with a rubber band stretched together. And as a piece of paper, an over-water rubber band, it went in, no, on it. And it says, four virtual. And it's up on the bill. And then we come in later and maybe say. That's great. He was an asshole over a whole week. And you know what? He was so thick, but he wasn't real broad. Like, you know, I mean, kind of like, like, a stock-spydom Phil Hill, remember Phil Hill? Is Bertlo Fox still in jail, John? Yeah, he was supposed to get hung, but they could commute it is chronic with telephoto. And you know what the reason was because they never had such a crime there before, so they, they, well, yeah. Because not only did it kill his girlfriend, but he killed his mother too. No, my daughter. My son, where's the girl? Where's the girl? Hey. Same kid. It's crazy, right? That's what a crazy murder that was. Well, how about, how about, a brave, a brave, a meal? A very big meal, a silent, a meal, a shot of a shot gun. In the face on Valentine's Day. Yeah. Did they have an argument? Did with the kids in the house, the crazy guy. I'm in the face. Hey, I've done it. They're all fucking whacked. You know what I'm saying? A lot of crazy people have that. Now that little killed his wife, they killed himself. Have we had killed him? They shot each other in the heart. Right, but I think that was that was, he shot the, he shot the boy because the sun was so pissed off. He's like, my father's a piece of shit. Why did he need to take my mother with him? Did he hate it? Did he hate it? They couldn't make him with someone they got lost. He didn't want to do. She didn't want to do it. He did. Shout out to you. I was that, now there's office. I didn't know that, is that true? Greg is that true that he was at a murder suicide? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I thought it was a half. I thought they both killed them. Said no, no. No, Bob Bonham, Bob Bonham went to the, to even to the, did a, did a mass to funeral on shit because he was really close to it now. And a, now the sun was telling that mother fucker, like you know what I mean on his father because he felt like his father didn't have to take. Look, you're depressed. You want to kill yourself. You got issues. Kill yourself. You shouldn't have took my mother with you. He killed him. That was a very, very successful. I don't know if he was a very good one, but he was a very successful plastic surgeon. He wasn't even more certified, but he was doing a nice job. Oh, yeah. Yeah. And then he went into hormone replacement. He just started describing. And I think he got arrested or he lost his license, right? For some. I think he, I thought I think what put him over to Andrew with the suicide was the how they, all the money they lost in the housing. No, but John, but he lost his license. He lost his license to practice medicine. So he was like personal training people. Yeah, yes. Yes. So I think he's got to have a friend. Yeah. He was so low. Hey, if you start all over again, that's all. If he, if you can't do that, George, it's a little late for that. What about my halecto? My halecto is not done. Is that right? I mean, when it's a, when it's a fucking wife's house, if fun at a kid's, and said, I'm going to give you something you never got to forget. It is. He's a, I love you. I see. I love Steve. I don't know why he did what he did with do some things. My path was his health was really bad. I think I think you needed a kidney transplant. I was fucking he was also not, you know, the story. He's not, I know him too. He was fucked up. Well, I mean, I look, I can only know go by how he treat you. He helped me. When I wanted to become a pro bodybuilder, I see that he came out and helped me. So I mean, as far as all this stuff he did, I didn't agree, you know, I just, I didn't agree with him. He was crazy. That's all I mean, he did. He was going to extreme person. He was crazy. He would take me to the show. He was showing his like, he would be promoting all natural. And he had to be the high school. That's how I do it about. He had a high school. He didn't think about it. Mahal is going to do that. But my, but the way Mahal had lived his life so extreme, there was no way he was going to go down and like be this combless and guy in the nursing home. You know, he was going to go out on his own terms. And that's why he did that. I'm sure. What about that show I did? The man who's on his explode and that bullshit, right? He was in there basically calling me a fucking drug addict. I know. You know, and he was there. And he was not true. He was pushing that natural. If he can't do it natural, he should be, through he's the king of fucking clubs. Right. And he was still prescribing him. He was still having guys used drugs too. But I would go to the shows. He'd be there. And I wouldn't talk to him because I was so angry with him. You know, I mean, maybe the every people would always natural athletes. They just get the fuck out of you. You fucking, you're natural those guys a lot of other. Not anymore. No, why? You know, was his client Tony Randall from the article. And Tony, Tony, Tony, Tony. All right. Don't, don't, but see his bad publicity. No matter what, Steve, he said, whether it's negative or positive. Okay. It's all good. Can you get him in the radio show, man? He told that story. You're right. Do, can you put your job in the room? I mean, I don't really want to. You'll put your truth as better. How are you? We don't just have a warning. I don't know. Well, guys, we got a rap just thing up. John's got work to do. I got to work for you. I'm sorry, Dave. Good. Good. So after all was said, I guess Jim he only gives us a couple minutes of his day. You know, but after all said, what, what we decide was the most potent drug cocktail, steroid cocktail. What was the best relationship? Suston out in trend blown. I agree with that, John. That's the truth. I don't like. You don't grow. You're not going to. It trend blown is definitely, but I can't take the way, way, man. Power blown. I used to, matter fact, I got a recipe. Same thing. It's trend blown in the air. Power blown. That's kind of a. Power blown. That was the bad. That's just trend blown shit. Now is this fucking, it's bad. It's somebody made it in a bathtub or something. It's a food. It's a food to make it. It's a food to make it strong. I'm a problem. What's that? What's that? What's that, Georgie? He said, what about food? It's a, is it 85% of what are growing food? Well, if you're a, if you're a, if you're a, if you're reading, if the, the cookies, you know what I mean? The drug, the drug, the drug combination that made me the strongest where I actually was able to able to function and eat my foods. I couldn't, or else, killed my appetite. So it wasn't even, it wasn't even, they weren't even good for me. Trend blown test the on, thrown and injectable, deanneable. Remember the injectable deanneable? The best. That's the one I stuck in my bicep. A quarter of f**k infection. If you know what I didn't like it. You know what I mean? Like about the ejectable. Reform it be. The injectable. I didn't use that one. It had a device. Oh, my God. But later on, you have like, as it suggests, it, you know, got like that foul vitamin. You know, when you eat a lot of food, over dusting and vitamins with that stuff. Oh, my God. Well, I like the dankel version. Dankel had an injectable deanneable. It was great. I like, I don't know. I like, sourced in on mixed sourced in on, uh, anadrol. I like the anadrol and then I like with ganobal. Like what an EQ. He was, he will EQ would may help you eat better. So that was a good idea. I had a, I had a good EQ and deck of stack. 600 each a week. That was, that was a good idea. So much alike. They compete for the same receptor. I don't know. I don't agree with that. I like the mix those two. You know, I think you need to test the hospital in there. Oh, I'm a great idea. What do you mean? It's good to eat. It's good to eat. How many days a day? 12, 12, some meetings a day. That was a shakes too. So that was my idea. That was a good idea. It was a good idea. Yeah, it was a year after the year. Yeah, it was a year after the year. Yeah, around. I don't remember. Don't remember. When I see, I such pictures you the other day. Don't you ever miss, I mean, I miss being jacked. No, I'm too scared. Yeah, I want to, I everything's breaking. And now, if I was that big, I'd be dead probably. So it's nice to look back and say, yeah, I used to look like that. That's good. At least I accomplished something that I could have records of. You know, that's the important thing. Well, you got to say, you go. You got new goals, Dave. That's right. That's right. You know what I mean? You know what I mean? Yeah. Are you building a building? I had an idea. Well, once a month, we'll do a show. Oh, yeah. We all together. You know what I mean? Cause I see a little hole bunch of construction on your team. Why don't you build a big new iron door where we can come down there and it's day for where we get and we can show. I miss it worse. Now you guys want to get any of our mistakes. You know, jesus c jij chanda polama cookies of the jumbo light. You can go to Mr. Pot's protein.net. And they got some great new stuff up there. You can check out whatever the latest and greatest is up on his site. John, if you want to catch your podcast, how do we do that? Just Apple, Apple Podcasts, Apple iTunes, Spotify, YouTube, this type in fitness fame and fortune. Right. What's your next appearance? Are you doing any more generation iron stuff? Yeah, I still do generation iron. I got to get back with Patrick BeddDavid. I blew them off and I, you know. Never. You got to get on that show. You know, his guy there, you know what I'm saying? I got to show you some stuff, but I got to see if they still want me to come back because I blew them off and February because it is a throat. Yeah, I don't believe me. They'll want to get you on that. I'm sure. And, you know, mate, and you know what I do. Get me a whole lot. What about Jimmy the boat? Hey, so Jimmy the boat, what do you do? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? Well, in my head, I know that it's time to wrap this thing up. They know what you're doing. Let me introduce you to Jimmy the truth. Yeah, give me the truth. Give me the truth. I am the truth. I am the truth. I'm the truth. When I say, listen to the black back show. Jimmy, I do. I just want you a trust the world. One, two, here. One, two. See you next week at theorama. Amen.