You can smell the cooked eggs. You're hell, Ian. Get your... Woo! Now you're a man! A man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man! You are now a man, you're a man! Hello! Anybody new? Stop it, dude! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it! I love it, dude! Welcome back to another exciting episode of After hours of day polamo, and today I don't even know whom joined by Toyota. John Romano, Mr. G, and I have a field of looking at him. I'm assuming he's by the shape of the lens. It's got to be Jimmy the Bull somewhere in a rural field getting piles of dirt somewhere. Yeah, and he's pissed at me. He's mad because you accused him of having a smoke bomb in his truck last week, and it was actually a very much... It was very much... It looks very controlled. Where is Jimmy? What's going on? By the way, Greg is getting a stress test, I think, right? Yes, he is getting a stress test. He is not stressed. I need the stress test, not him! Right, you do. So now what happened to the truck last week? First of all, I just wanted to say because I'm like the how much I love you guys. You're all my heart, George. I'm wearing everybody. Look at the fucking scenery I give you guys when I get on fucking the phone. Look at that. Look at that truck, cruelty. He's got the spirituality, look at that. He's got the spirituality, look at that. He's got the spirituality, look at that. I'm not kidding that. Man, he's gay. Lance, he doesn't know what Lance is. He doesn't know what that word would be like. Greg, you're asking him to fly to Space Shuttle, like, yeah. Yeah, yeah. He doesn't believe that the shuttle goes anywhere though. Good, John, that's feeling problem. It doesn't go. And I got some fucking proof today, some hog proof. I'm gonna shove it down, George. Stoke today. Because he pissed me off. He pissed me off because he's got out of smoke bomb. And I was fucking dead, smoke hit in the air, I had the fly to pop in there. And I had the foam and I had the fire, I was dead. All right, I was broke by death because I dumped out of it. It's broken. And it almost hit the ground. It's fucking fucking, it's fucking, it's fucking fucking fucking, it's fucking fucking, it's fucking fucking, it's fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fuck. What the fuck? What the fuck fire? It's like good, fuck, good shit, John. Oh, he's got a smoke pop in there. What the fuck? That was a good impression. Dude, do you see? Let me conjure it up. It was very, very, very m 변� well. There were times when Baristas went insane, but, we lost our, we lost the fire some time. We lost those love. I ever met Bar erf unfortunately. Yeah, we lost those 80's. Be quiet and be nice. But I owed ya the first time to things just lit up. Menschen went crazy. Pow, nah, do we lower the day. So he waited we have a small ring in fact Normally Normally when someone's car is or truck is ablaze the first thing they do On a podcast Fire I'm loyal to you guys that's why I tried to get on even I Have put your fires like I got on the fucking podcast See that's why it seemed contrived to me. All right, so what's the contrived what the look at the fuck I was What the fire what the fire The fucking the heart of my fire the GPS plugged in the light and it sparked out in the court I thought let's just a fire John He what the fire. Well, yeah, he caused the fire so I'm saying it looked contrived I'm saying he didn't do a purpose they've been My point is my point is in any reasonable person notice their car or truck is on fire What is the first thing they do? My You lie stream right here Instagram. That's it you do now I mean, I wouldn't you want to put the fire out isn't that the first scene it comes to you And for a stay was she was dead man Dan dirt pull us Hold on, but the fact here we're missing the fact is that he caused the fire by plugging his phone into the cigarette lighter Right You guys you you Everything around you fucking piss me off. I You have to pay for the damages because the truck court fire Oh, okay, wait Dave you made a good point This is why this is why I'm not buying okay, there's so many holes in this story He's been complaining about that truck for like oh you're ever Brakes don't work this doesn't work that doesn't suspension doesn't work the real fall I'm So now Jimmy could say I thought plug this fucking thing in over here to trucks gonna burn up and I'll finally get rid of this fucking thing I'll give me into the truck There it is smaller in a way burn it up like a leaf and what does he do he can't so any air with us? He doesn't try to put the fire out One-nine one one my truck is one fire. No Somebody comes and delivers him a new fire extinguisher And in the meantime in the meantime when he could have called 911 and the meantime he's on the phone with us Send a phone like you know when when when the middle of the old show all the family with the Caralcon and the Jesus whatever archie would would argue with me head remember People don't even talk about And he would start talking to the lawyer. Oh, Lord, please tell me with this this this And get him this is like Jimmy right now or called in that we're Fred Samford could say and it's Lissman That they twist everything around when you're telling it truth and you're trying to seek that more lawyers Jimmy yeah You're flatter not you answer to the Because you're so fucking late all right We did rich in Branson go when he went on that flight into orbit Oh The owner right on yeah, not he will both of them yeah, he went to base on up there When they go He like Musk went the first time he had that stupid dummy and his fucking and his fucking glory and fucking flying around He heard that was total bullshit and then this guy here wants to push up this comment They want you to still believe in the space fucking thing right the guy went nowhere He went up in the air He popped this fucking cap and he fucked the power of shooting that he said he was just based and he did a little float back like fucking Hollywood That was all garbage because the right day round and there was no space out there And I got some proof right here John the kid that I this one and you can't remember the pot I got hot fucking evidence who runs this place and I'm gonna stop this down you thought right now what is okay? Go ahead Go We be Cv evidence I'm gonna give it to you right now Okay, I'm always always. I'm always we shudges shit I'm always look at what it's true For God this or anybody says about me. I'm a not a much experience. I have spoil hot rod. I don't give a fuck All right, I'm not gonna sit down And have somebody tell me with this place is and I'm not gonna do any investigation myself dismiss the three's assholes Put shit on the TV and I have rockets go up. I'm not gonna do that. I'm sorry Is the proof. All right. You got a double bill on your teeth. Do I have a dollar bill on me? Anybody got a dollar bill on me? I got a dollar bill. Hold on. I get the dollar bill out and get it calculated. I probably got to get killed for this. The next fire, I've got to probably be hit it. Okay. Here's my dollar bill. Okay. Put it on the table. Okay. And I want you to look at the pyramid. And I'm not talking about the old sea and I, and all that bullshit in the world order, I'll grab that. Look at the pyramid. Look at the bottom of the pyramid. What do you see? I need my reading glasses. I don't know. What does it say there? Well, you got to, you got, you got, you got, I mean, you got to put glasses on. And I can't, I can't do this whole day by myself. You got to, you got, I got my little magnifying glasses. I look like my dad's free. Get your magnifying glasses. It says, it says, I'll be finished. Let me finish, york. It says, Maudace. No, no, no, no. The Roman numerals on the bottom of the pyramid. Not many people notice. Yeah, it says, MZ, what is that? 40, MZ, C, C, L, D, L, D, L, L, L, what is that? No, let's break this shot. Let's break this idea. M stands for a thousand. I found you. You've made a D, 500, right? D, D, D, C. Let me finish. D, C, C, 17. Stasters, 7, 100. Right. How can you see that? L, X, X. Stasper 70. Right. And then the VI, whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever. Yeah, it says, yeah. Okay, 17, 76. What year is that, guys? 17 years ago. We've got our independence. Okay, here we've got our independence. Okay, and we're going to find out who gave us our independence. We already know that. So here, now let's take this here. Take the M, which is in the beginning. Right? That's a thousand. Now minus a thousand from 1776. 776. 1776. 1776 minus the thousand. 1776. And minus a hundred. Because that's the next letter, which is seen in the middle. And then minus the, and minus the X on the end. And before the middle, you know, it's got three in the right of the cross there. So you got a thousand or hundred and ten. You minus that from 1776. That way, what number you come up with? Well, hold on. Why, why you, why you arbitrarily, did making the ducks and you're not using all the light, all the numbers. So it fits in the other. Because they hide it. They hide it in there. It's, it's, it's, it's, it's in there. But you're not using all the numbers. You're arbitrarily picking all of that. You're all a number. David's hidden it. I like something. I don't do something. I mean, you hide something in a bush. You use all the fucking punches. Oh, you're a little bit like it. I didn't fucking question. But he's talking about, you know, no, no, no, don't get tinned. You're using the numbers. You're going to make your number work. That's not what you're using all the fucking, you're using all the letters. It's, it also, it also, it's been a, yeah, it's all the pushes. He was, it also, it also just, if you're, if you're raised to letters this way, it also says 15% discounted, Dino's car. It made 666 by the way. So you want to get 666? This is why the world's going to help. All right, so now we're going to go here. So 666, you get 666. Listen to me. I haven't dabble now because it's been a while. Slowed up on one side. I finish over here. Okay. This is, this is, this is, this is, this is, let me got, let me got the DC, which isn't, almost in the middle there. Right DC, you got LX, and then you got the VI, or take, they put it right in, you know, right down like they separated, and now I definitely say, right? Yeah, that's, and that's, that's what DC, LX and VI, 666. It's in the fucking numbers, bro. It's in the numbers, right? So what's it? It's like, you're a suitable. My point is that that's who rules this fucking place. The flat right that we live on. Read that every minute, do it. They lie to you, they fucking, they cheat us, they fucking, they do it. Who? If that, they delete, they run this fucking world. That's hard. That's hard. That would have fucking, that's hard. That would have fucking, very well, they, and they're fucking, and they're fucking, and they're called sign is 66. And they fucking, they, they shoot fake rockets in the fucking hand, and make it think this place. They'll be the record now. They'll be the record now. They'll be the record now. No, you're out of, if you tell fuck that. Yeah, you take the M, and then you subtract the V, and then, and then, and then, and then, 12, what do you get? Yeah. I don't know, I'll source you saying, I heard it, what do you, what do you get? I was listening to you. I was listening to a Joe Rogan podcast, and he said that the, that Stanley Kubrick, who did, you know, 2001 space out of sync. Remember that movie? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Well, he was directing that at the time that the guys were landing on the moon. They're saying that they hired him to do the moon, you know, just to fake the moon land. Very good, Dave. Very good. Very good. I'm actually, you're impressed. You can kick that in the country. So then, how come then would it tell a scope that gets you to rover driving around on the moon, right? Get the fuck outta here. Come on. Yeah. I can't even get a spot on the same. I'm gonna go over to the rover driver. I get the fuck outta here. Please, who'd I film the fuck a lunar module when it took off the moon? Well, that would have been a blasted off in 69. Okay. What I had fucking gravity is on my fucking TV and the buzz fucker station. It's on my way fucking, somehow they filmed the fucking lunar module that karma fucking's pinned up and just like the bit the fuck outta here. Okay, so I was having you Dave, full shit. So how do you go from, how do you go from that conspiracy theory to the, to you being so sure. Wait a minute. How is the $666 on the dollar bill proved the earth is flat? That's what you were doing. You said he had to, yeah, yeah, I can't get it. Where's the proof? Where's the proof? Where's the proof? Even if you take the M from the D and add the X and take the V and the I out and you get 666. How does that make the earth flat? What I'm trying to show you, John, is that these people you've simply, they use fucking dilute them. These people you've simply put a right in our face. They think that's funny. You want to stand? All that shit. You want to stand? All that shit. You know, you got the fucking thing. He's the freak. Everything is on the wall. It's all tired. We live in a fucked-up system, bro. So it's all in. That's how funny. So explain how there's a correlation between sixes on the dollar bill and the earth being flat. John. Yes. And to the question. Listen, I'm just talking about, we live in a life. Okay. I'm saying the earth is flat. You can believe whatever you want. I don't believe we're going to spin in poor, flying around the fucking side. I think it's total bullshit. It's all rockets, okay? So look at the here. So let me ask you a question. What do you have here? I'm just trying to let what they did. Jimmy, I'm not alone. I'm just trying to understand here. So you're saying basically that. You're in the moment on the dollar bill. That you're going to get just the vacation from the theory that the earth is flat. John. You have no question. Did you ever hear it, sir? It's a yes or no question. Does it, it's a centonic. You're on the bill. You've just to find it. No, it doesn't directly tell you. In the numbers that the earth is a point. No, it doesn't. Okay, it doesn't. I'm not saying it. That says that. Okay. You're missing the gold. You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. You said you went proof right here. I'm going to stuff it down. You throw you. You went. You went. You went. You went. You went. Look at the numbers. You went. You're going to hold a normal John. It's got the numbers. I think. What he met is that it's all conspiracy. Yeah. So it was a taboo thing. Well, that's what I think we then that that. That that that that that get the dollar bill and. You know, you know, Georgie. I said not. When I said, when I got under show today, I said, I'm going to stay calm. I'm going to stay calm. I'm going to stay calm. And I'm going to fucking explain this to John because I know how we eat. All right. He's like. The lawyer. I'm going to have it. I think of you. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. John, maybe that's. Maybe they try to kill him with the cigarette light or thing. And it's. Maybe that was it. It's. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. You're going to be. You're going to be. You're going to be. When Robert DeNiro got into the car and the thing blew up. They did. I'm going to. For some reason that one year. Catalic had a metal plate underneath it. And it's. That's true story. By the way. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's like Jimmy. They try to fucking blow him up with. I think it's something. I think. I. I state Dave. George. I still want to know. They. Why is getting to all these accidents with the truck because they. They're. They're. These. He's trying to say that he wants a new truck. So he's going to damage the old one. And we already figured that out. He sent it on fire. All right. So he puts the thing in. But I. I want to know what is dollar bill. I don't. I don't. I'm going to get the fuck out of cause I'm. I'm. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. Yeah, they have a certain the particle collider. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Get this. Well, let me ask you question. What is their logo? Please tell me. I don't remember. This is a. He's talking. Okay. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't. The particle collider is this thing. A big huge tunnel. They dug on the ground. They spin electrons and and all kinds of new trons and they collide. They. They spin back. Okay. So please, Dave. Show me the logo. Please, Tyler. Get it out. Show me the fucking lungs. I'm monkey being dollar side. Difficult facility. Look at the fucking logo. Okay. Think of the kill me tonight. Am I sleeping at a bus by going down in my house? I don't. Sorry. See you. What is it? It's probably. It's probably six. It's probably six. It's probably. It's I'm telling you, George. It's six six six. Pull it up. You. You. I mean, the. The sex is Jimmy's right. Oh, that's. That's not proven. I see a George. I see a. I see. Tyler. Put it on. He's got it on. He's got it on. John. You hear him. Hold on. Please. I see it. Jimmy. What is he? I don't still don't understand the point. He's trying to make. What. What do you. What are you trying to say? Is he. He's. He's. I'm going to tell you what. I'm going to tell you what. Wait. Wait. Wait. You started out today with going to prove the earth is flat. Okay. Then you said you had proof. The proof had something to do with numbers on a dollar bill. And now you're now you're trying to say that the numbers on a dollar bill matched the logo of the collider in France. And somehow that makes the earth flat. It's higher. It looks more like a nine. Four. Six. There's four. Six. There's four. Six. Nine. Look at nine. You got to put it up. You got to put it up. All right. Three. Three. I think it's three. Nine. Actually, the. I got to see. I got to see. Nine. The. Nine. I don't know. They. I don't. I don't. I don't. I. Yeah. Hold on. There he goes. I. You. You. I can't see it. Hold on. Hold on. I. I was not prepared. You got to step up your game, bro. Okay. So what is this? Wait. Where's the. I'm pulling a Chris a Cito. No. Can you see it? So it's not. Nine. That's right. It's. Oh my god. I had. You really got to stay on your head and spin around the get. Yeah. I. I think they just make it look like sexes if they wanted to do something. I. I think it looks like a peach and a stick figure. It looks like a. It looks like a stick figure. What it's had up its ass is what is it look is what it looks like. Tyler. Punch up. What is on the front lawn of. Sir. The front lawn. What you get. Just Google that. What is on the front. What's that you. What's that you. What's that you is on the front lawn of. Sorry. Please. What's that you. Yeah. Yeah. That. That. That. Shiva. Shiva. Okay. Shiva. The. The. Hold a. Shiva. Is this. I. What is she the. I. She's the. God is not the. I got a story about. Very simple because they're the straight. The collider is what destroys. My. It makes. Total sense to me. Oh. You. Tha. But. This man. So that. recover. Came. He's going. Got it got our every. Golf. Guys. street. God What the fuck What is it? What have they destroyed it? They're trying to find the god Paul. He's not a split open space at time. That's what they're trying to do. Oh my god Did he how did he get this infected? Did one of those bugs crawling his ear and eat out like part of his brain? I got a lot of stuff. I got a lot of stuff. I got a lot of stuff. I'm starting to worry about you We gotta set up a goal fund me account for extensive psychological evaluations. I'm getting worried about him, man That is dead You're fucking over there You see what you're up against there's such a thing as a stretch, but not even a lane Brian could come off with something that spring Oh I gotta go man. I gotta go I gotta stop this fucking load and go back to reality now You mean go back to make fry just going about okay burned I love you Jimmy. I love you Jimmy. I love you, too, man. I see good later man. I love you too Jimmy. I gotta stretch love you guys. I guess here's my story I'm gonna straighten you thank you for taking the time to listen to me for a couple of minutes I want to give you my I want to give you my my story of Shiva So I go to India right in 2012 and I'm going shopping Aaron Sigmund and I are going around shopping to all these we have we hired this guy for the day to drive us around And we go in there and I'm like everyone's you know buying little trinkets I'm like I want the goddess Shiva and he's like the guys are good No, maybe he was Vishnu Vishnu, is it which was the one that that's the goddess of death? supposedly Shiva yeah, so I get this picture Beautiful picture someone drew of Shiva and he's like oh I people don't buy these pictures this picture I said well I said my party goes they think bad luck here in India so I said I said his dish isn't she even the goddess of death He says it really it's really the The goddess changed got us to change I said I will I bought the picture and and two hours later in the gym there I tore my quad Change my whole home Because I know my wife remember because the man is it was physical therapist she was helping out She helped me out she called me up and we were talking about you know my physical therapy So how did I turn my quad in India? I never would have my wife which means I wouldn't have my kids which means I probably wouldn't be Florida right now, so You know, you think you were the name the one of your daughters she but after that. Yeah Deadlock I don't know so All right, I'm out of here. That's the beautiful story Dave. I will remember that for the rest of my life I was the best fan of your wedding. Yes, you were the only man in my wedding That's right, I still love all these daily collider logo John I love you. I love you John I will talk to the Assidina this question what about you know they search hold on Jimmy listen You know they show these a lot of these celebrities with the hand in the pocket You don't want to send me those pictures it's like a sign of the the McCree Mason's right Yes, I did yes How it's starting even is a free Mason it seems right those flex wheeler So Jimmy the one eye It Jimmy is a free me Jimmy your free me. He's the right He's the one tell us about all the conspiracy theories. So you know I have to say that yeah, that's what I thought I don't think that's why you're probably the next fire. I'm probably gonna be fucking it John That's what's gonna happen. I'm a post fucking god. What level are you? I can't tell you what level I am He's ground level obviously John Oh my no, I'm fucking so go with my underwear We're supposed to fucking John The fucking game with the fucking nine's You know you guys are like you guys like you take your hair for glass of water you put it on the fucking table I say Dave John what are you? She oh Jimmy get your dollar out. I got to show you something That's what you guys are you guys fuck will be constantly You're gonna be going Jimmy does a K look inside of a circle. That means this is accepted at circle K This means No, you ain't allowed to fucking circle K anymore unless you got a vaccination How about that? What's going on in New York now you can't you can't go to the gym I heard in New York City I think if you don't have a vaccination Yeah, I call them Oklahoma just to the house that we can't go to gyms we can't go to restaurants We can't go to fucking theaters we can't go to the horse unless we have a vaccination god Okay, at that 20 minutes after that he just got it did died is fucking Girl's ass So much while again, she's not getting died What happened? He got charged How about that? He had charged Investigation showed that there was there were women who have come forward to say that he was manhandling them and it's Provoked by John you missed your ball brother. They want him to call and the next phase is they could probably bring charges against him Will they? Probably Then a crowd they get away with everything You know bring him up on charges. Let's go back. I gotta go. Thank you. I lost fucking three pounds John Dave George. Thank you very much. I gotta get out of here now. I gotta go I love you man. I hope you we're that shirt good health, please I'm just trying to make you guys aware of things around your world you understand? I'm not trying to convince you or Turn you into a flatter. I'm just trying to share information with everybody because I want them to know Other than what they told that's still like that I love people and I want everybody to know the fucking truth or or maybe possibly No good information that I believe them through or not That's all I'm not trying to turn anybody I'm not saying I'm a fucking brainiac my name a new truck Give me new trial is Jimmy to full. Okay. That's all I'm trying to say Okay, reference That's why the Jimmy new trial is I'm signing out. I'm signing out Jimmy new trial I'm not sure Oh, I got one more thing. I want to say I got one more thing. I want to be dead Somebody mentioned One of my friends said I'm not a scientist He's gonna start talking about the moonland these are that bullshit right because while you you're not a fucking scientist Why I got to be a fucking scientist the fucking investigation on my own? I gotta go to cows you're gonna agree to this I want to think outside with this motherfucker's a tell me or show me our TV No, it's nothing wrong with that Nothing wrong with that Well, it helps if you're educated enough to know off the bat what's fucking Crazy bullshit and what is you see don't waste your time Results call the doctor nation John it's called the doctor when you was a baby when you went to school You will find your own you just thought fucking visiting your pets and you went to kindergarten Okay, the first day they Scott cuts is did they put a fucking round ball on there And this is done this is that is destiny a teacher that's what they did you grew up Look at that round ball. It's called a vaccination It's like universal pictures when the movies come on it seems to fit the things fit it with the fucking universe I remember I remember Don't I remember standing for the pledge of allegiance. I don't remember that shit It would seem like it would be that's kind of a good idea easier for them to control us We were on a flatter than on a globe. What do you think to me? When you think oh Because let's let's make believe for a bit fight go. Let's how glad you brought that up So there is a way to win the believe for a minute before we go We've been making you oh You not for me You miss the fucking Mr. Don't all for you not for me. Okay So let's pick believe you not me that we live on a round ball and we came from monkeys and we came We were a little sperm in some mud hole fucking nine million years ago and somehow we grew up And we got legs in a mind in a consciousness and and we know it's right from wrong and all that other stuff So if you if they make a state that that we come from nothing that means we me we're on nothing We're insignificant we just a little ball a spec it does just flown around and it's endless fucking universe Yeah nothing But if you renew the earth was flat now that's a different story you say wait a minute If the earth is flat why would they lie to us all these fucking years and if the earth is flat and is at home Covered it like the scripture shape well we must have been put here We must have created we must live in a creation because everything has a purpose here That's what I'm saying so everybody really truly believed that they would have no control of us because we would definitely know that We would put here by God if we ate and we live in a creation and those guys would be powerless against us But we're not we're all fucked up. I gotta go love you guys God be a lighter. I think he just described simulation theater You know you don't want to sad about getting old Is that is that you you can't is that you watch your your bros next to your Period, you know and and you watch their mental decline and it's it's very disturbing I feel really bad for Jimmy he makes a compelling story though definitely is pretty compelling He wasn't always a flat earther. No, I didn't think it was a flat earther. Oh, breathe only Yeah, I didn't either but but you know the dollar bill has been the subject of more conspiracy theory And I think I anything ever on the face of the earth It's a lot of shit a lot of hidden symbolism and everything that's out there So the symbol this symbol is oh a the symbolism aspect of what he was talking about should have been separate from his flatter A theory because yes, yes, there is symbolism because there is that there is that free mason Whenever you want to call them under you know ground You know type of Because they fraternity that's out there of people that you know Work together obviously that probably run the world that put a lot of symbolic stuff out there to kind of like say hey We're here type of thing, but I don't think I don't think you know and I believe that there is a degree of truth to that Probably more truth than we acknowledge but I can't buy the whole flat earth thing Well, let's go back to the money for a second. Yeah, you I want to explain to you why There is symbolism and stuff in here. They had a cell this shit when it came out They before money paper money came out we had gold and silver coins right that's how you did Business you could be paid with gold and you paid with silver in different size coins and denominations It wasn't it was because the the metal is bulky and in convenient that we went to paper money And the paper money was supposed to represent and you should blow them out of gold and silver It for knocks Guys who who created these notes wanted to make them extremely difficult to counterfeit and and and Make fake ones that would you know Honestly, I'm not a couple of people's money So they had to make it attractive so they put all this symbolism and shit in here They could make stories about and make this thing the most interesting Most interesting history packed Note that you could ever fucking it when make people want it and keep it and save it and not want the money The metal and that's why all of the paper money has characteristics about it That following in these conspiracy theories because when they designed them They wanted to make them popular and attractive and wanted people to want them and so They wanted the one and because it is stuff they want to look at and see if it's true or whatever But they had a so the idea of paper money versus hard money and that's why you have all of these things that Jimmy thinks the world is flat That's a good story to me. No, it you're right. I mean in a sense because You know and I and why not put all that historical US history on the on the bills. I mean that's the role. You know that's how we had to make them attractive If you have if you have gold in your hand silver in your hand and you're gonna What is gonna make you say okay here bank you take my real money and give me paper in exchange for The mindset of the time was you want to change people's minds So that that's why it's like a cell phone John right? Who can make them more attractive cell phone those the most gizmos and gimmicks in there and that's how to get the cell The cell phone exactly exactly Yeah, Jimmy's just trying to quade everything as it's serious Yeah, there are some conspiracies that are probably true It's not every Rockefeller you know the Rockefeller organization which has to do with the banks little people have the money that control everything That's what he's trying to talk about Georgie I'm surprised he's not interested in current events like why is he what what's his position on the vaccine and all in a Conspiracy is surrounded in the COVID numbers and all that that's the shit that people are talking about now They're not looking in fucking six six six six on a dollar bill right now So And flat are old bullshit to be honest with you when he seen is there a bunch of elites in all these countries that want to try and and control everyone It's like world communism Well, that's what they're doing here with this stupid fucking virus is they're trying to control right all right And then when they try to like they say Modularize this group that group this group you separate the groups black white right gay You know Transient all these groups this way is the Colleat this no Create division and with the vision Yeah, I mean, I mean, I mean, they'll be so they'll keep going up each everyone will be Dividing tongue. Well, they don't want to eat and they don't want anyone to congregate and they want people to actually it's like you know Keep everyone separate and then you know no one's gonna fight the government or do or say anything Well, it's tribalism as we tried this driving and that's what happens. Yeah, if you look at monkeys And they the one monkey tribal the monkey If they catch another monkey, they'll rip the other one pieces. Yeah, you know there a monkey That's what happens speaking of monkey now Did you see the I just want to switch to the Olympics for a second that Laurel Hubbard girl You know who's the transgender from Yeah, who made the Olympic teams who I thought we would always a travesty and she was breaking all these records all of a sudden She she couldn't lift anything she fell all the lifts and she didn't even win a medal at the Olympics Yeah, she couldn't present the good snatch I personally think that she I think she threw the Olympics. I think she she purposely missed the the lifts I think she there's no way she couldn't have lifted that way It was a breeze for her. I think she did a purpose. She wanted to get in the Olympics to make a statement But she knew that winning probably would have been who knows people might have like tried to kill her I don't know you know I Said someone someone someone sent me this thing. I don't know if you see it up there you remember that movie metelda Danny DeVito Yeah This trench ball someone from the UK put this up. It's really funny Ms. Trentville has an age of days since his 72 Olympics She looks like the this trench ball character from I'm just a moment Oh that teacher. Yeah, yeah Oh I could feel like with the big ball. Yeah, she was in the 72 Olympics. She did the shop put her something like that right remember So while we're on the Olympics we got to talk about Simone Biles Yes, she somehow mysteriously was able to do the last of her last event Well, I want to take my C-word comment back last week We already eliminated that's the show We're about oh Well, I mean I want better but I want but I want but I want to explain myself other than the fact that I was hanging out with Lee priest And he uses that word every other sentence That I'm telling you he uses that word for more Anybody who is Was it any a day call the word Or their best friend they use a for a Different year He uses it all the time so anyway I was just talking I'm so anyway I was on a tip of my tongue anyway But what I thought what she did at the moment was pretty terrible, you know, and I still think what's going on is pretty terrible And I what and I just now I'm on the fence about this whole situation because it's not technically her fault She's just subject she's just been subjective subjective subjective subjective to this Victim culture where you know everything's got to have a cause and effect where you got to get them up till the fixie Dave when you want to enjoy you when we were kids did you ever here to turn ADD Did you ever hear anybody on Riddle in what you had 20 you had 30 40 kids in the classroom Some of them were smarter than others some of them were caught up someone's a class clown Other's were slower than the word a little bit slow the smart ones help the slow ones the teacher kept there and everybody fucking made it And it's a puzzle Everyone had it fits as a puzzle You're either a or Z right and everyone made it right, but now Read it because he's got a dd or he's got On that was untruth John that the yes, she has a dd but she was able to bring her medication there because of course Yeah, of course they actually applied a head of time for her to get a agreement to be able to have She literally just had you know something happened to her mentally We don't know what the break was we don't know what emotional issues she was having it's a lot of stress No family was allowed to come with you over to Tokyo They they only let in the country while you competing after you got to get out and have to 40 it I was after you done competing they don't want anyone in there I don't know why they allowed us to have they should never have the Olympics and Tokyo they should have changed it Yeah, sure how to explore it and Florida exactly would have been no problem What was happening she was getting disorientated when she was doing the flips didn't know what's happened What George you somewhere along the line somebody told her it's okay to quit That's what happened and if you're a if you're a good your divine for a gold medal in the fucking Olympics to be the number one person the entire world The seven and a half billion people yeah, there's a lot of pressure you got to be able to take it I don't take it and you fold the deserve to lose I would have called the coach I would have told it Regulatory you got to do this to me the what you did if you fall on your face You've got to go through because everyone's watching you It's the message But George it's the it's the it's the mentality that's been right out of them with this Mental culture and Fucking victimhood nonsense. I will take you guys back to 1984 in the Olympics in New York in Los Angeles The LA Times ran an article a question 15 hundred Olympic athletes and they asked all of them the same question If you could take a substance that guaranteed you a gold medal But would kill you within the next five years would you take it 98% of them said yes So that house that's how important a gold medal in the Olympics was Now now you're at the representing America You're the top of your team you're supposedly the best one ever and But it's time to shine and what do you do? I'm a little bit stressed out today. I got the twisty. I got to talk to you There's much is required you know I tell my athletes all the time I'm like you know I'm you know I'm pretty laid back coach and sense until I see people crying and complaining and bitch I say look Finding the least not easy. That's why there's not a lot of great champions out there Right want to be the best you have to suffer you have to endure you have to go through pain You got to get this comfort you're not gonna like feel good You're not gonna want to like see people and talk to people you're gonna be and I remember the last two weeks before my The USA championship's in 1985 I was so lean that it hurt to sit down on a chair my glutes It was like nothing there was it was it was miserable I was I couldn't sleep and I I just laid in bed I I couldn't I couldn't relax and that's what you need to endure if you don't have that mindset if you don't have that I do or die I'll die for this attitude you're never gonna be the best in what you do and that's the truth And people don't want to get that today anymore too bad tough shit If that makes me a tough ass, you know Maniac coach whatever that's what it takes So you got your just be a guy who goes through a transformation or girl lose a little bit of weight That's a different story but if you come to me and say I want to be a pro I want to compete on a pro level Then you've got to endure what it takes to be the best and that's good Well, I'm gonna a lot of people don't have inside them. No If you're if you're if you're comfortable if you're comfortable you're doing it wrong Right it's dangerous Jim Nassick's dangerous if you land on your head you could break your neck and die We know that just like the X games events are dangerous Just like professional football is MMA boxing body-building's dangerous too We they take Performance enhancing drugs you're pushing your body and dehydrating yourself You're getting a That's dangerous there's a dangerous there's a danger component to it if you don't want to be in that zone Don't do it. No, we're making you do it exactly a day if you remember Billy Billy Billy I mean that despair I'm a Billy gun sort of is contest yeah, he was freaking out You didn't want to go on there. He started to broke down. Yeah, you had to think you have a pep talk to them Yeah, I said you let it get listen to me it doesn't fucking matter You let it get to fuck out of it because the only thing you remember is to think you didn't do Everyone feels like this this is what you feel like you feel like the way you like you want to die But if you look up this song Here's the thing here's the thing See if if Simone Biles Performs flawlessly what's her reward millions and millions and millions of dollars and in Thoresmiths and contracts and appearances all kinds of shit named after her A line of gymnastics clothes. She's gonna be a house old name everywhere and if you know how many people get to enjoy that Run the latter of life This fucking many out of seven and a half billion so you know what the price tag for that Lofty hurts is quite high and a few people Exactly you can't afford it if you can't afford it you can only So it's like I want to buy a Ferrari, but I'm 375,000 dollars Responsible cash shot not do I get in any way? No, I don't get it You're gonna have to work your ass off to get it. Yeah, I mean that and whatever I did Whatever I did to get to that point where I could flake off pocket change to buy that thing that is worth a lot of suffering And it's worth a lot of negative. It's like a lot of stress a lot of Performance enhancing drugs mind-all-thering drugs whatever to fucking takes to be number one That's what you got to do yeah, and if you saw it life Just entered as number one in the fucking world the top of your team the top of the US and say to the world I'm a little stressed out. I'm gonna quit that's that is Passed fucked up so it's like it's like these these people you know that they They want you to hold the hands the whole way you think you think in the elite level of gymnastics or any other sport for that matter That the coach is holding the person's hand and saying oh Rubbing their back. Oh, it's all right. No, you you gotta be fucking tough as nails man You know when I coach people at the elite love who people who tell me they want to be now I'm gonna talk about like regular people know about people who want to be pro body I'm tough on them. I'm not your mother. I'm not gonna chase you for your homework If you don't send me your updates, you're not gonna hear from me. This is right this year in adult How bad what this you know the people that want a bad I hear from them every day they give me updates They're always constantly on top of me because they want as much out of me as they can yet They're not waiting for me to come and talk them into bed at night to make sure they get a good night sleep I mean it's it's pathetic when I see that and I don't How how can people if you don't have that killer instinct that you never are gonna succeed at the I don't believe level we're talking about triple late. Remember triple ace training at you work to midnight and then at midnight When it was getting ready for WrestleMania You be on the bodybuilding diet like in a rain for show and you be training like a savage you know To get the rain and that's admit that it's Whatever it takes right I mean You didn't want to do this So if it's the reward you know if the reward for all of this shit was a blue ribbon and an afternoon and a park on a Saturday That's one thing when you're talking about the top of the world and most of the world with so many millions of dollars coming your way If you do your job right. I'm sorry, but that's a tough deal and if you get it You don't deserve it Bottom people other things people will go right that's what you got to be What you don't mean it's and it and people who got to the top will tell you this one and then no That and you get only a personal life people dying people things happen people get sick you know you lose your job you know or lose your baby why you're trying to To a copy I lost his audio Yeah, Mr. G you're mute There it is It's something it really depends on you know where you want to go with what you do you know like I said it There's so many different levels you know what you're in when you're at that elite level there's no excuses There's no like Hold my hand there's no like feel sorry for me because you know what those people finish last those people don't finish first Hey, I just sort first-hand Did not the girl who's in the you'll see she just wanted one of the first-round knocked out That's weekend and Vegas yeah, and In the training She They would just that was destroying the coach Kind of on a back for like 15 minutes straight go That's she was gonna fight it she did that and she was freaking out and then She got mad and the coach had listened. I don't give a fuck This is what you gotta do you gotta listen what I'm telling you and as we saw you She wound up winning in the first round knocked out because she went to that shit being on her back Yeah, you're just like being on your back for 15 minutes straight being choke Get about it Every day It's What's going to Jimmy's girlfriend's you want to go I look I In a marathon right you run marathon. Yeah, like so what happens? You could run you could run 25 miles and you got 1.2 miles left to go and you want to quit Yeah, like like there I That happened to me you hit the wall. Yeah, so my dad was at my first bad Thought my sis dad my dad was listening You don't have to keep running you can walk with your god of finish Yeah, right with my slip by my I've never forget that I had food poisoning joke I'm kicking the day And threw up hip like through what I finished and as a result the finishing that Experience was able to to give me a life going through things that you're gonna It's really simple, Georgie. We are from a different era We're from the era of when Apollo 13 was in trouble They shut the door the flight command. There's the first thing he says is locked the doors Nobody leaves failure is not an option You can't consider it you can't do it give me was that was that was stage too bad I was fake well was Jimmy would say the Tom Hanks directed that scene You're out the middle of the ocean and it's only one way back to swim yeah You got to do what you got to do and and this This generation is some own bios generation is loaded with victims Quitters people with shitty work ethic and and and The no concept of what it means to not put yourself first to put your team first to put your quest first and you last I don't know how to do that so it's and it's not her fault She was taught that she was taught somewhere along the line that it's okay to be a victim It's okay to quit. It's okay to put yourself first. It's okay to put your team last She was taught that by someone I think she wasn't but I think once she what happened was with the whole Olympic gymnastics program Because of all the pedophilia that that doctor and I said they got He was you know molesting all the girls and everything like that after that It's because it was it was a rain of terror of a terror You know when when Bella Corollian and the wife ran everything they kicked everyone out and they cleaned house now Everyone's in charge of themselves now. So you don't happen when the when the you know when the Cats away the mice shall play and I think it law they lost that killer instinct They don't have that they're at all these coaches now are afraid to be tough on these girls Because they're gonna get arrested or they're gonna get brought up on charges They're gonna get fired lose their position So everyone's like well, let the kids run everything. It's like it's like going to school and having to teach And not be able to keep control the kids, you know So yeah, it's you know There's a certain benefit to structure and discipline and toughness Yeah, what? And we teach it any more it's it's it's not loud because everyone's allowed to be cool everyone everyone's a winner John When I was in school in the morning if he could hit him when I was in grammar school in Long Island The teachers could hit us my fifth grade teacher Mr. Lowes used to keep it RELUS stand fully yard status from the lumber yard and he would break him over your ass in the front of the whole class We get put everybody in his circle put the desk in the middle of the room Bend you over it and break the fucking rule across your ass in front of everybody and better time That's how I went to school imagine Today oh my god happened another about it. Yeah, you you really are you you need to be humiliated The toilet lesson, well now you can probably you know many times I had to go through that over a whole year How about you were you acted like a dick when you like 18 19 and you got punched in the face I mean you know and then you realize you know Being a dick I gotta you know I can't act like an asshole you need the boundaries Yeah, we need discipline everyone needs it kids drive off brave new world guys That's a bottom line here. Hopefully hopefully we survived this the whole world of the world Was that girl on drought was she on medication? No, she was on she's been on ADD medication for our whole life Oh my god, because she's needed it. She's a kid to cook in the school. She's been on since she three years old So it doesn't it doesn't matter that's what she's been on she and she didn't they didn't take her off the medicine They tried to start a whole conspiracy thing saying she didn't get her medicine in Tokyo because it's illegal But they weren't they applied ahead of time and they got her the right to be able to use it That's what I'm saying it, but these keep they put these people on all this which which always it actually screws up your own seren toning Of course, you know a cycle top of drugs because Because the very thing is trying to try to stop suicide causes that I Didn't I think George you know my theory on the whole of those drugs is that on people that really need it Because they actually have a deficiency in certain things I think it works well on them. I think it's when you give it to people for the wrong reason who don't need it That's when you get those crazy weird side effects like the guy John Was the best to gain the teller hoot and teller hoot and didn't really have depression He wanted to take steroids to spawn and take a moy from him and then and then he went to depression because he was losing all the muscle He made I think that and so they put him on an ante to press it that he didn't really need And we're just going to Call suicide alleviation and baby dry base right but a lot of what I'm saying is he really was Clinically depressed because of a chemical imbalance Propting that the ante to press it would have helped him it ran in the family his mother was mother was depressed And it's just a tried committing suicide or his mother or vice versa. I believe that diet and And and and a protocol talking to somebody and and having A tool to to lift you out of it naturally is far better than trying to try to introduce and drug It's gonna it's gonna actually alter your your step your mind You're here 100% right with the diet 100% right I've done it look I've done it my whole life with people coming in on on the drugs. I take it off Yep, I Go do you feel like I only has three or four suicides to his dad That's right fact that it's less than five is commendable I have Z it I have a hundred percent success rate What do you buy the way that's me? That's because of you not because of you John you also need you need your soul. You need another thing. No, you're gonna feel you're gonna feel bad You're gonna feel fear everyone feels that you know It's called that anxiety which we're supposed to feel if you lose your job You're supposed to feel fucked like fuck by the way. I'm gonna dope It gets you to go up move up and survive and get another job. Yeah, you know what George you had a friend who was who was I went through a very difficult time What personal loss, okay, and I often Is trash is lost with so severe Multiple family members that that I often asked him how do you possibly cope with this amount of grief and pain and Laws how do you do it and he goes you just have to accept the fact that this is what it feels like to be alive No, you're all your feelings are not gonna be good ones is all it's not gonna all be sunrise sun sets and rainbows You're gonna have you're gonna have difficult times in life and they manifest feelings and those feelings The thing that you don't do is numb them and blunt them and turn them off and take drugs to suppress them You've got to feel them you're gonna feel them and and deal with the feeling and feel terrible and cry and feel It lonely and alone and then get that out and then you'll start getting back in a life and you know things Things pick up and you never lose your memories. You never lose that that grief But you still move on you still find life worth living because you would understand how it feels And it's chose to be a survive It chose to be a surviving just like the people in our shoe with Survite the concentration camps speak to them Speak though what what what could you go for and see your whole family it killed in front of you And then every day That you could be you burn the light or gas gas You know or home I'll leave you I'll leave you with this final words. I got an I got an interview Mr. USA after this Which would probably be a little more interesting this conversation, but maybe not I know for sure Jimmy sent me a street chat of a they found a black hole with a light behind it somehow You know supposedly black holes are have so much gravity that they suck everything including light into the into the hole That's when they said black so I don't know I sent me a picture of it It was yeah no one Jimmy was a reflection of dust in the lens It's already named it it's where it's It's called the Albino black hole. That's what we call you Anyway, I know I I wrapped this thing up guys love you I'm gonna I had a fun today with John in the George and of course Jimmy to bowl is always very entertaining and I love Jimmy Let us know in the comments below who thinks that Jimmy's right? Do we are we living on a flat earth is there a conspiracy going on here or do you think he's out of his mind in the comments below? Let us now And I have six six six is all over your dollar You mean it Jimmy doesn't read the comments. Oh you know George I forgot to show You sent me though you sent me a great box of stuff I had not tried the bagels. He sent me his protein bagels and he sent me all the leaf priest white chocolate stuff My kids are not good He made a white chocolate with with fruity pebbles in it Yeah, oh we're fruity pebbles. Yes He sent me the white chocolate with the fruit in it that was yeah the mango is a good tip But you got it you got to make the fruit you got to find like a keto cereal you could put in the George so it doesn't have as much sugar. Yeah, I mean I could put I could put the Pop-tart I could put that in the crush that and crumbs it and crumb it up in there. Yeah, or We'll just get like a keto cereal that has no carb's in it Oh, this oh that keto cereal. I mean yeah, I'll the cereal school my favorite is the cereal school Or what is it man? The cereal I come go to the health food store. They got a whole variety Yeah, the cereal school that's good because it doesn't have anything to bother you stomach in there It's like zero net carbs. It's pretty amazing. I eat them all the time Five it's a five Yeah, who's putting fiber. Oh, yeah, it's fiber definitely a lot of fiber. It's still not a fiber But they're not digest now they're not if it if it's if fiber is a car But it's bite definition not absorbable so if you have 20 grams of carbs and something But it's only 19 grams of fiber there's only one Gram of carbs that can be absorbed that that's what they call the net carbs That's the most important thing you want low net carbs so Carb is a five Don't you want to absorb Don't you want I mean don't you want to absorb some Carbs I mean not not if you're trying to lose weight You're trying to make a lot you're trying to make a low-carb snack here, right? Isn't that the right? I've been doing that. I've made keto. I mean, you know, it's a balance with flavor Yeah, you know, I'm saying that these are taste really good. Try this cereal school keto Keto cereals you can maybe mix it into your white chocolate mix there a lot of protein too All right, I got to wrap this up day to let go here with the entire whack pack We will see you next week valentine will be back hopefully with a clear heart