Day Palombo here with an R.X. Muscle News update. Sad news from the body-building world. John Meadows has passed. We've got word from the Meadows family and from this close friends that he passed in his sleep last night. He never woke up this morning. He's been speculation as to what was the cause of death. I've heard anything from pulmonary embolism to heart attack. I really don't know the Bionicity and the Heism and an official statement released from his wife. But I do know that this is a humongous blow to the body-building world. John was one of the most well-respected and well-liked people in our industry. And I can succeed. I can call him a friend and I'm a little choked up. I called Shelby Starns following after I heard the news. Shelby was pretty tight with him. Shelby was so choked up on the phone that he could almost talk to me because he didn't even know until I told him. That's the kind of effect John had on people. He was a good guy. I didn't talk the most time. I probably spoke them over a couple months. I would get him on the TV show on our X-Muscle. But it was like, he was a guy I would call a friend because I can call him talk to him about anything. It was very intelligent, very analytical the way he analyzed things. He was very passionate about what he did in body-building. We probably, if you guys have watched the interviews I did with him over the year, or you've watched any of his channel, you know that he'd been training since he's a young kid early teens. He just loved body-building for the very beginning. Then when he had one of the, I guess, hallmarks, I think of John Meadows career was one. He had that terrible, the astral problem with his colon and he had to have his entire colon removed. I don't think he ever thought he would ever body-building him because the guy has just got his his tough as nails. He just came back from this better than he was before. And he said, hey, I'm not quitting. I'm not giving up. And he eventually won his pro-card after many, many years, which I think my hat off them for because that persistence and never quit attitude is something that very few people have that tenacity that he had. You know, that I don't care what people think about my physique. I'm going to build the best possible physique I can, bringing the knowledge, the best conditioning and give the fans and the judge what they want to see. And I'll keep making improvements until I get what I want. And quite frankly, I think a lot of people had counted them out. They never thought he was going to achieve what he did, which was pro-status and then even placed in a 12-show. But he did it because he had that mindset that you can't teach anyone they have to just have. And I wish more people that I worked with as have mindset. But that's why there's not a lot of John Meadows out there. And last year when we interviewed him after he had the heart attack, and he found out once again, it was another vast dual problem that he had had similar to what he had with the colon, luckily his heart was on the mend. And he had said that it was remodeling itself and improving and it was a great interview with him. And I've been watching his, you know, his Instagram and updates he does all the time. Because I think he's a good fount of knowledge. And I thought, you know what, he was going to beat this as well. And I don't know if the heart was something that got him or something else happened. But obviously he had a genetic weakness for whatever this vascular issue was in his body. And unfortunately, he's no longer with us. And I have to say though, a bowl of the souls that I've encountered, you know, John was probably one of the most passionate about what he did. He lived his life for that passion. And very few people could actually say that they've done the same. And that's what makes John so special. I think, and I think that that's what we have to really remember when we think about them. He was that kind of a guy. He lived what he loved. He didn't care what anyone said. You can't do this. You can't do that. He said, you know what? I'm going to do it anyway. This is what I want to do. I don't care if you think it's not, you know, I have a health issue. And I shouldn't be doing it. I'm going to do it anyway. I'm going to do it the right way too. And I'm going to do it the healthy way. I'm going to do it the most efficient way possible. And that's that rubbed off. And any effect of a lot of other people's lives because of that, you know, because he was able to impart knowledge to people. Not everyone, you know, not all great bodybuilders are great teachers. And not all great teachers are great bodybuilders. He was able to bridge the gap and do both. And I think that that's what made him so special. Very few people can, you know, can be that hardcore guy in the gym on stage. And then also for his clients and for the people he's teaching those methodology soup. Also, a lot of people want to give way to secrets. John didn't care. John was like a guy who was like an information provider. And being in that same kind of line of work myself, I can really respect what he did because I have that same passion inside of me. And so when I see a guy like John no longer be with us, it really, it does bring it here to my eye and it hurts me inside emotionally because after all, I mean, we start all questioning ourselves. We're all not, you know, I'm a little older than him. This guy's in there for years and everyone starts saying, hey, the guy like John Meadows can go down. We're all vulnerable, right? Isn't that what we all fear the most death? But if we live the life that has meaning and imparted meaning to us and gave pleasure to others, then I guess we did our job here. And that's really the take home message. Yes, it's a very sad day in the bodybuilding industry. And it's a very sad day for John's wife and his kids. And I will pray for them and send all my love and healing energy to them. But let's also celebrate the life of John Meadows. And I'll be accomplished and all that he gave us. Let's think about that and take a moment of silence. One day, Pellumbo, with an Rx muscle, news update.