I'm Dave Palombo, founder of Species Nutrition. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body. And that lives on in the Species Nutrition line of products. I put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition products. If you want to be your absolute best, join the evolution. I'm Dave Palombo. Today we have a special guest here. He's our 2021 NPC USA, a men's overall champ. Yes, he is Mr USA and he is an IFBV pro. And he's here today, Jordan Hutchinson, welcome to the show. Hey Dave, it's awesome being on me and I appreciate it very much. You know, you're a great story and I'll tell you why because you're a guy who know and saw a comment. You know, we kind of know who the favorites are, usually going into these shows. And you just want to walk the radar and the reason I found out why I would release off my radar was because you have a competed since 18. And give us that whole story. You know, what would you come from and why do you take so long and get on stage and shoot for that pro card? Yeah, I mean, so I fell in love with bodybuilding about 19 years old. I'm 25 now. So I had a year and a half, two years of training for my first show. It was sad excuse for the show. But I just was trying to teach myself how to do this thing. I'm just from people that have coast coach me and doing it in the gym. What was some of the mistakes you may tell us some of the funny cooking. Oh gosh, so my first product, 2015, I was carb cycling. Right. But my it was four days low carb within a day and then a high day. But my high day was like eat parable terrible food every fifth day. So it was like I was so extremely regimented in the fifth day. Go good nuts. Right. Like what was going on? Like a good example of like a going nuts. Yeah, it was it was not good. But I mean, it was an experience learning curve. And then after that first show, I just fell in love with that. Got a coach and kind of coached out a little bit and competed my first in PC show in 2017. And then competed again in 2018 because I knew I needed more time off. But I've just always seen myself as needing more improvement. So I saw myself short sometimes, but I think it's a good thing because I've taken that serotonin off. So I think it's why people saw me and didn't know who I was. I kind of flew under the radar because 2018 I was like, right. We're taking 16 months off to grow to fill out my frame. I was 196 on stage. I won the light heavyweight class there, but I missed the overall. What's that? As the NPC muscle heat in North Carolina, I saw you go up in Western North Carolina in the mountains, middle of nowhere. Again, where no one given this herd of body, but it's not a thing out here. So there's really no networking anyways. There's like a few cool gems, a few cool gems, a bit more fitness as my gym there, home local gym, but there's really nothing around here. But first body, but you guys. Because of that, I have to assume probably the equipment is in probably the best equipment that you can probably find. Well, so built more fitness, why go there is they have all these cool old school pieces. They've got like a hammer strength, pull over, they've got all the old school hammer strength. Presses, not the newer ones, I like the older ones better, but I think. Now there's really no gems with cool pieces. There's like a couple corporate golds and stuff like that. How many people were in your high school graduating class? So that's another funny story. I was home schooled. So I'm 105, my dad worked. He worked, but off you taught me discipline, how to work. And my mom homeschooled us. Once I got to middle school and high school, I started doing these private ties classes that were kind of like private school, but you know, 30 kids would go once a week in the new handle your own workload, the rest of the week. Wow. So since I was 14, 15, I worked at least 30 hours a week on a regular job. Really? Like what kind of job? So 15, I worked at a garden center, loading on loading trucks. And that was one thing that helped me. I guess built some muscle before I hated the gym back then. I didn't want to do a single dumbbell curl. I hated it. Well, you were working all day. That's why we don't want to live anymore. I was lifting stuff all day, but I hated it. Let me ask you this question. Do you have a choice to work? Or would like your mother's like, this is the way it's going to be. You're going to homeschool you're going to work. Well, I wanted to be able to do stuff. And my parents did absolutely everything they could for me. They give me the last bit of everything they have. I got this. And it wasn't enough running around. So you had to have them five kids. And I wanted to do what I wanted to do. I've always just made whatever I wanted to do happen. And so basically, I was like 30 hours a week from age 15. Just to make sure I could do the things that I wanted to do. But once I moved out at 18 or 19, it was just trying to make ends meet. And pay cash through school. And I was falling asleep in my classes because I was trying to get all my meals in. Get on my food, bread, do school. Go to work 35, 40 hours a week. That's crazy. And that was when I was like, you know what? I'm sick of this. I want to bodybuild. And some people had some negative things to say about that. I'm sure. So your family and you're talking about people? No, mostly family. They at first had a hard time understanding what I did. And still sometimes it's hard when, you know, when there's family events and stuff. And I can't eat or I'm bringing my top where I have to skip out to the prep or whatever. But they are so supportive now. But at first it's like, what is this weird thing you're doing? You know, right? But they've always supported me and everything. It's just hard for them to understand. But yeah, I just couldn't handle bodybuilding and school. But it was more like, ex-girlfriends or friends or whoever that were like, you know, man, you need to go to school. Why would you do that bodybuilding? You're not going to make a money. The chances of you making it big in this. That's a genetic sport. All that kind of stuff, you know. Now, what made you believe in yourself? I mean, aside from the fact that you liked, I am the kind of same guy. I'm kind of person that did everything I liked. I'm not even going to regret it. But what made you believe in yourself that you actually had the ability to go far in the sport? Well, everybody who knows this or knows me knows I've always said genetics is going to be the only thing to limit me. Because I will, I will eat dirt if I have to. I'm extremely disciplined. I'm OCD. So my problem is in my wife. So you want some focus on something. I can't stop thinking about it. I don't stop talking about it. I just live it. And so though at first, I felt like maybe it wasn't something I was going to be really good at. I still gave 110%. I skipped out on fun things that 20 year olds do. I was, I didn't drink a sip of alcohol around that time. You know, obviously, I'm great. But 21, I wasn't drinking. Right. I was prepping my meals. I was skipping out on stuff with friends. I was like, I can't come hang out. I'm training. You know, so then that again is hard in it. Where there's no bodybuilders. Very lonely road. You know, I can imagine that. You know what? You got to be a marks your own beat. I always tell people. And I was just saying it today on After I was recording. We were talking about the Olympics and some old miles. And I'm like, you know what? People don't understand. If you want to be the best of what you do. You have to be willing to, like you said, eat dirt, die for what you're doing. And it doesn't mean it's healthy. It doesn't mean it's going to be a good for you. But that's not what being the best is about. It's dangerous to be the best. It's dangerous to go out there and do 14 some assaults in the air. And then possibly land in your head and break your neck. It's dangerous. It's always nice. Yeah. To run a football and have 380 pound guys tackling you. I mean, it's life is dangerous if you want to be the best of what you do. And you have to be willing to go where other people are not willing to go. And it seems like that was always your calling. Yeah. And elite mentality. I mean, I would my motivation from day one was Dorian Yates like watching him, Trunks through the snow of the gym. And he always talked about genetics. You know, all these other guys had better genetics than him. And that stuck with me because I know I'm not one of these guys that just grows super easily. And I think maybe now I'm tapping more into what genetics I should do have. But I will say I've had to be one of the more disciplined people. So of all the bodybuilders I'm friends with and network with. To be able to make it in the shape by do or put on the muscle I need to. I have to be very, very rich, men's at your round. I mean, I can talk, I can talk to myself like a like a pro you're round. Though I haven't been a pro and it's still blowing my mind that I am a pro now. But I've always put 110% so. After winning your way class at the USA, which I thought you did a pretty handedly handle that. You had to go up in the overall now in the overall and you didn't know, you weren't that you weren't the super heavy weight. It was a guy bigger than you obviously and then he was guys getting it all the way to the police grade. Did you think you had it? I mean, what give me your mindset going into that overall? What do you think? Well, gosh, getting off stage. So my coach is Chris Tuddle and he is so. So in tune with me, I mean, he was he was constantly there for me. The entire the entire prep and peak week and so of course I text him as soon as I get off stage after I was handed the award. And in my head I'm freaking out emotions are high. I'm about to lose it. And I texted him and I was like, we did it. We did it. We did it. He's like, jobbing over yet. That's all the text said. And I knew exactly what that meant because he's always said just go into it with a. Non mentality. You've got to be focused on stage. You can't let your emotions get too high. Can't get too excited. You've got to hold your closets. And so at once I read that, I was like, okay, I've got to beat this massive super heavy. Somehow based on shape imbalance and conditioning because it's the only things I bring, get some massive. Right. And then I've got to beat this light heavy. You know, as well because this shape was incredible too. So I just went back at it and it was it's still weird looking down at Steve Weinberger like, knowing, you know, he's a hedgehog at the Olympium. Like, is this really real just in pre-judging? And then so the whole time I'm just thinking, I got to impress Steve. He's got to know that I can be a pro one day successful pro. Right. It's not exciting. When they called you name out, did you? I always, because people always asked me to question when you're waiting to hear that final call. And obviously I didn't win my class at the US Air or National. I was second a couple times. And it's the worst. It feels like it feels like it's 20 minutes you waited there. But it's really only like 30 seconds. Oh gosh. It's like forever. Yeah. Before they called you name out as the overall winner, what was going through your mind? Seriously. Well, I knew it was close. And supposedly it was by one point. And Eric Wood, he's an awesome competitor of the guy that took second in my class. He was a class act. I have tons of respect for him and his physique. And I knew he was good. And, you know, they even rejudged my class. I don't know if you know that. Yeah, I know that. Yeah, they brought Sid Ray up. And so of course, I'm feeling really good about how pre-judging went. And then one of the officials backstage is like, oh, you're all class. You're your class getting rejudged. I'm like, oh my gosh, I've got to focus. I don't even. I don't just get to go do my posing. Yeah. Which I hate doing posing routines. He's like, you got to get rejudged. And they worked us Friday morning at pre-judging already. Yeah. So I was like, I've got to absolutely bring it because I know it's like this. But when they called my name and it was just a moment of discipline. If I still, I still just can't even believe it. But you're right times absolutely slowed down. Yeah, because I mean, you know, I mean, you could have gone either way. You know, it was crazy. You know, it was crazy. You know, it was a class. It's a horrible feel. And I feel bad for the guy comes in second place, you know, because. Yeah, I mean, I think that's the only place like, Goots and hands that I really, I really shine there. Yeah. But we both had such similar shape. I remember watching them look back and forth at us like, Where's we have a very similar physique. So it's hard to judge as such a look as each. It's funny because nationals, you know, they get taught to pro cards. You know, I say he's only the top guy in the class. So I'm sure we're going to, he's going to see his pro card this year. So I agree. Well, yeah, I talked to you. Yeah, you'll be. Let me ask you this question. You know, a lot of people probably are thinking, you know, Some guys jump right into pro shows right after winning a big show like this. We've seen it happen with the lunch for 21 the USA. Are you planning to take time off or do you think we might see one stage in 2021? Well, Steve, so I'm absolutely taking the time off. And the thing is for me to have done three total empty stations, 2017, 2018. Right. After 2018, I planned on a 16 month off season. I changed coaches in the meantime. But originally the plan was 16 months. So changing coaches extended a little bit. Then sure enough, I was like, 20, 20 is my year. I'm focused. I've put on a ton of size. I'm ready to compete in 2020. And then COVID happened. And it threw me off a lot. I was without a job. A few months. I was living with a buddy that I mean, he was letting me live with them without paying rent. Because I was just digging out of my savings for everything. That's alright. It was just a rough time. I work a commission job. And if you're not hustling, making money, you're not making money. It's not a, you get paid time off all that kind of thing. So it was really rough. And Chris Tuddle stuck it out with me through 2020. We started in January. But we wanted to compete like that fall of 2020. So it extended my off season even further. It started ended up taking a off season from September 2018. And then we started January this year. So I wasn't planning on taking that much time off. But it did be well because I put on so much stage weight 30 pounds of stage weight. Yeah. So my goal though was top five. I had no expectations going to show other than my goal was to top five at a national show. That's been my goal for three years now. Right. Well, you did that plus a lot more. Let me ask you because you had mentioned to me. I had asked you earlier that if you were married. And you said you had a funny story about that. Oh, yeah. Tell us the story. So my wife and I met last year. She's the most incredible woman ever. The most supportive for bodybuilding. Yeah. She believed in me since day one. We work in 30 for bodybuilding. Now he's not 100 and Sit down. Well. Okay. So Once, the executive is back. And she says hi. Yeah. So we cruise our competition. Yeah. You should sit down. Think about that that guy that's your husband. Yes. She's keeping him. Do you know, are you a roller coaster student? really pretty strict and I like that he is. So we're talking, you know, reef, reefy days are just at some rice, at some cream of rice, at some oats. There's no like go out and have dinner. Go out and have a burger for a reefy after like training or anything like that. So and we did a 20 week prep into my regional show than six more weeks into USA's. So my wife and I get married in March and I was like begging for me to be able to do something with her. But he's like, all right, look, man, you're gonna have to do a steak and a plain potato, split a dessert and that's it. So we're in Charleston with our top wear on her wedding weekend. You know, so that's what's about to happen now is all the dates I've owed her for the last eight. I was gonna say, whenever I hear a guy always say, oh, my wife's an incredible woman. I said, man, they must have been a real bastard. They're very, very happy. I'm not terrible. She'll tell you I'm not terrible, but there were a couple weeks there was I was super depleted. We in the regional show and now and man, she's stuck it out. I bet if I got her on here, she'd tell me some stories of it. Oh, yes, she would. I don't believe you for a second. Yeah. Well, he's a trooper. Yeah, yeah. Congratulations on the huge win, Jordan. And you know, it's a great, you know, story because, you know, we're so used to seeing people that have been going over and over and over. You're one of the few people who just, you knew what you go, was, you knew what you had to achieve. You took the time to do it. You weren't rush it. You actually got the extra time because of the whole COVID scandal. Right. And you know, you delivered. And I think that it's a great story of success and perseverance. And I really wish you the best. And a future I know you're gonna have a great career as a pro. You're still very young. And what do you see, what would you like to bring your stage weight up to for your next show? Well, yeah. So I know I'm not delusional. I know I'm not a hunger-laborada. I come and straight out of getting my pro-card, going straight into a pro-show. I know I need the time off to grow. I'm very aware of that. So I just need to overall size. So if I could put on 30 pounds of stage weight in a couple years, two and a half years, I can imagine I can put on another 15, 20. Maybe 15, 20 pounds with my waist stank tight. I think I really could be dangerous because I seem to be rewarding shape with guys like Keyon and these other guys, Sean Rodin, I want to bring that kind of shape to open with as much size as I can. And you bring my arms up. So it's kind of like when I'm ready, I'm gonna go for it. I would love for a year or two to go by and be able to do a pro-nive-u. You almost remind me you're physique a little bit, even your actually the way you look is, you're almost like a little branch-worn clone. He started very similar to me. He didn't have that crazy freak as a way to physique when he turned pro. I'm when he won that. But man, he certainly grew into that, into that physique. I don't remember who it was. Somebody recently said the same thing. I was like, wow, that's, that's... You look like a little bit facially, but you're physique also when he first turned pro. People forget when you look like when he first turned pro. Very similar. So hopefully you follow in his footsteps. Yeah, I got, I've got big shoes of phobia in the street, I say, I mean, that was totally, you know, when you're from a small town where nobody bought e-bills and they're all telling you you're great. And then you go here and they actually judge you that way and oh, wow, I beat all these guys. It's a great feeling, but I'm gonna be honest, I went in with new expectations, but I guess it made me work that much harder. I remember it, I think it was 1986, a U.S.A. Ken Brown, people even bought you no way, it was, I've interviewed him before, but he came out, he was a small, from a small town of Pennsylvania, like the matter of fact, the town where I went to college. And no one had heard of him, he kind of crawled out of the woodwork. He won Junior Nationals, he went to USA, won USA, beat a whole field of the people that know whatever, even expected. And he came out of nowhere, it was just a hard work in guy, like, you know, that sometimes when you're isolated, it actually works here at a vantage, because you don't have all the drama around, you know, what you're doing. Oh, for sure. And I mean, you don't have people, I mean, people don't know the sport at all here. It's like I'm part of this strange cult, obviously, that people don't understand. And so I'm just kind of doing my own thing, but in the work, I'm a home body with my wife, and we just meal prep and get stuff done. And it seems a work for me. So for now, at least until maybe we move somewhere where we can actually network, you know. Yeah, I hear it. Well, luckily with the internet, now you can internet, where you could network anywhere, you can be in Tim Buck 2, and you can take network from people, so. Right. You've got internet connection. Well, congratulations on the huge win. You'll keep us updated, and I wish you the best in the future. Thank you so much. I really appreciate having you all day. All right, and thanks for joining us, and it's going to take us to the end of another episode of Live With. I'm Dave Palombo for Jordan Hodginson. We'll see you next time. Thank you, guys. Good evening, your ma. Thank you so much. Thank you.