You want to save God your help, maximize your immune system, grow muscle and lose that faster? Over immune is not herbs and spices. It's not a proprietary one, it's patented, it's a one-of-a-kind product, it's backed by science from the University of Wisconsin Man's. Over is approaching an ad about it's different, it's real science, it gets real results. Check us out at Providatcom. Old School Body Building Clothing Company. If you're the hardest training person at your gym, you are old school. If you hate math, but you can count by forty-fives, you are old school. OSBBC.com for the hardest training athletes. When you're asleep, there just get a start. John, D's, after hours. Welcome back to After Hours, I'm of course a Pulumbo here with my compatriot and crime. John Romano and what's hanging on over there in South Carolina. You are lucky that you didn't have this show yet planned for yesterday because I was half dead with food poisoning. Oh really, that happened. What do you call it? Hunk. Oh no. Really? Wage it fine that. Oddly, it's publics. They never have it and I'm like, wow, they got concoct. I'm going to make some, you know, whatever. What is that called it? Is that's congilly? No, it's congilly. Same family. It's different. It's congilly. It's congilly's way better, but you can't say that. What's the Italian name for conch? It's a different. It's a big shell. You know, that big shell. I don't even have a name for the Italians. No? I think you guys congilly's like that, but it's different. It's called congilly. But anyway, for 22 hours, I was like dying and now I'm still having eaten yet. John, you know what's funny? I can hear it in your voice. What? I can hear it. You sound, you sound a little bit rasping a little bit like, you know. Adam's dog, and you're sitting there. From coping his brains out for, uh, for two days. Were you vomiting? I, well, see that's the thing. I have this condition where I can't bomb. My throat literally snaps shut when it, when it starts. And that nap and shut feels like there's someone dripping my fucking esophagus. Oh, it's just painful thing that I felt. So when I feel like that coming on, I got to like push it down and swah. I mean, I fucking horrible. And then of course, if I would just puke, we'd get Adam, even instead, I got to wait till the travel's all the way through my intestines and, you know, it's fucking hurts, man. So it was 22 hours of just fucking hell. I'm trying to think of who that Indian woman in your background, that picture on the wall looks like John. It looks like someone we know. Who? The Indian woman behind you. I don't know. Some, after the artist, my wife made friends with. What does that look like, Greg? I can't really tell. I got to shit a Jenny Blackman. I didn't, you know, want to throw out fits. Yeah, lifey. You know, a story about when Blackman came home one night and Jenny had her boyfriend in the bedroom with tied up and handcuffed and she was whipping them. I like her. She's a good, I like her. I love her, man. I kept her in Vegas an extra day one time. There were any Olympians. She was hanging out with my whole crew party and everything. She was a blast. I think it was cool what she was doing. I just think that Blackman's seeing her. That was what I was laughing at. That was the thing. What she was doing was not a sight. The fact Blackman walked in and said, No, you're probably walking. He's like, where's the vitamin C? Yeah, I'm thinking for the first time. Yeah, I'm looking for the vitamin C. Like ignoring anything that's going on around there. I wouldn't mind being tied up by her. I'm telling you, I would have been fine. So you know, I found out my cousin, one of my cousins told me that my favorite uncle, my cousin's father, who's no longer with us, my uncle Frankie, who happened to have been on that show. That's incredible twice. That can be a seven. For making him made, he made sculptures out of the sand. He made like a draw, he made a king Kong. And it was so big. And so realistic, they had helicopter's over. Oh, going over. It looked like it was something on the beach. Got beach to watch up on the beach. Anyway, I found out that he actually had a child with like one of his co-workers. He was a hairstylist. He owned hair salons. And I found out I have a new cousin. And ironically, the new cousin is moving like 10 minutes from where I am here. So I have a new first cousin. I never knew I had who was like 48 years old, you know? Which I did a family, mother or father. Bottom, bottom, bottom, bottom, top inside. Yeah. Oh, it was just a plumber. Yeah, well, I mean, yeah, technically a plumber. But obviously she's been remarried. But so I just think it's kind of weird. You know, when you find that, I'm just, you know, everyone finds their lost relatives on answer and sister, you know, because the, you know, if you've been adopted or you don't know your father, you know, you're a father, you know, a lot of times you'll upload your, you're, you know, you're getting a test that send it to the ancestry and they can find matches for you. You know, I'm always petrified that someone's going to contact me and say, I'm your brother, you know, and I found out like my dad. No, worse, I'm your son. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah, that's, that could be worse. Yeah, I don't think that's going to happen. But there's plumber here in the Jersey show. They're going to plumber is plumbing. That's more of a genre monod. You got another daughter. You got another daughter. I thought you were going to tell you. No, I meant to tell you Dave, I talked to my aunt a couple months ago. She said her cousin is a plumber. Oh, we knew we were related. I, that make, now that makes sense. Because, yeah, I said, well, where? Well, you know, what is she going to, this is Palermo? She's telling me. Yeah, that's, that's around the same area. It's got to be related. We got, I knew we were related somehow. Had too many, too many coincidences. We should, you should upload your stuff to answer. She maybe we're brought out of the, I know now that I know that. I am. You guys just like, John uploads his stuff and it comes back. I get a match. I'm like, look at it. So I'm like, who's this match? I got, you got to broaden the genre monod. I'm like, what? That makes sense. It all makes sense. No, no, no, no, no. He's your twin actually, you know. So anyway, so I, I, I sent you, I don't know Greg. Did you watch the video I sent you? When? Oh my God. I emailed you. You say the like emails. I emailed you a link to a generation iron video about, Yeah, but if it wasn't of some guy getting fucked in the ass, would it's even better show? Yeah, I didn't know. I wondered you said it today? No, I sent it a couple days ago to give you some time to watch it. But I'll play the clip. I'll play the clip. It's, it's generation, I did a, like, a little interview with Steve Weinberger, George Farrah and, and Kai Greene, probably was all, you know, older, and they ran it. It's basically Steve Weinberger who's obviously the head judge at the Olympia, talking about, you know, how they judge and what they pick, and George, the Farrah and Kai are asking questions, you know, and say, you know, questioning things and placing it. It was pretty good. It was more like, blind burger and George were ganging up on, on Kai. Yeah. Kai's like, you know, let's play a couple of little timestamps so you guys can watch it, and then we'll talk about it. Because I want to see what you think about, you know, some people say judging is politics, some people, politics is Kai would say. Some people think it's, you know, it's legitimately judge, some people think that, you know, and Steve has a good explanation as to, you know, basically, you know, we judge what's up there on that particular day. So let's play the first clip. Yeah, let's play the first clip. Well, nation is flawed. All right. Well, let's talk about it. Let's play the clip. We don't care about who look good yesterday or who's going to look good tomorrow. It's who look good that day at that time. Somebody could say, oh my god, you should have said it yesterday. Yesterday he looked great. Well, you know what? You know what I'm staging now with judging you now. This is what you look like in his dining and placed. I mean, it could be a guy that doesn't have the best conditioning, but has the best shape, but because he wasn't in best conditioning, he's not going to win. A guy with the best conditioning will win. It depends on what is in front of me that day. You can't say because feel he be high green. The guy green is not going to come back next year and beat him. It depends what happens on that stage. Not yesterday, not last year, not with, you know, their projection of what they're going to be like. It's what they're like right then and there. Any questions come to mind, George? Not really. It's hard to judge, you know, like a lot of times. And I hate this. I see many times people seem stuff in the pictures. Oh man, Sean Ray, you should have beat you. I don't know. I was there. I see my doorion didn't. They're not going to look better than other people. They're guy in fifth place. Maybe he has the best back double-bice up. And he looks like, it's like, All right, so that's the first club. I think our way to go back to the bice. Well, they're the only other people. So basically what Steve is saying is that, you know, he has to judge what's there on that particular day. And I agree. Because you know what? We see pictures on Instagram all the time. And I, you would swear the guy's going to win the show. And then you see him up on stage and it's not the same effect or you know, they He there's something that they lose is a little something or One guy comes back better at night than he was at the free judging so You know, it's very easy to criticize from looking at pictures and videos online and unfortunately In COVID we really no one can even go see these shows anymore We have to kind of trust the judges opinion now. Do they get it wrong sometimes? Absolutely, but what do you think about what what Steve said John? Tyler's making me dizzy over here Luckily no, that's the only thing But so the thing with the pictures is where I have the issue okay Wine burgers like us he's a dinosaur. Okay. He knows what a black and white TV looks like all right So to say Sergio Arnold and you're looking at the pictures You're looking at the pictures of the technology that was available right today We have 4k high definition super super definite we have all this Technology you can take pictures of competitor A and competitor B and and and Put them next to each other on your computer screen pause for pause for pose and you can dissect them Down to the poor size of their skin because the pictures are that sharp so you can't tell me That today you can't put up a picture of each athlete pose for pose for pose for pose Repose the entire show and they're posing routine where you can stop it along the way and and you can you can Pick this apart Infinite I don't agree because she it's about Spodied building is about comparing two physics and next to each other. I'm staying compare them one One you can't take one and I super pose the next to the other you can't do that You can get a short guy put him next to a tall guy and actually adjust the photo with it I did a same height I don't you can't go by pictures though. You cannot I've been backstage And I think after the great and then I see pictures of money in it and it don't look so good You know, I mean I disagree I see you can put competitor A next to competitor B right on your screen in super high Deaf 4k whatever technology we have and you can you can see everything. It's not that it's it's the presentation It's how the better the better part of that is is that when the judge is sitting there and wearing front of them they only see them at the moment and split second timing this way you can stop you can see you can see Every detail if you want the insta replay John is what you're saying Why burgers right he's right because you could look derogize who you could see a picture of me and then that pose They look phenomenal you understand what I'm saying I'm saying pose pose pose for pose can't all compare what that pictures. It's not a statics for I agree I can do it in videos then you can have the two videos playing side by side How they look next to each other though that's important Another on the screen you don't want to show what do you know Let me give you an example flex wheeler was a master at distracting people from his weaknesses and bringing eyes to a Strength and that's why he was so dominant on stage and also because he had the best physique in the world Yeah, but he they would show is where he wasn't at his best, but you know what you you would have sworn he was at his best because You couldn't take their eyes off the guy and you you almost didn't look at the other guy and look at it Right it's a loop There's definitely there's definitely you know page stage right days right. Oh, they're taking he'll take your eye off of you won't even look at the other guys because you look at fucking flex Look I know what Dave saying and he's right and it's kind of wine burgers is right too There are some guys who if you look at photos of him you say fuck man He should have won but it that's only because Deposes and a photos that you say right here What I'm saying is you can have the video Technology why say The way of the two guys next to each other or the comparison you can have the video you can stop it you press the space bar and you Can you can look this is what you want you want to have an instant replay So the Olympia gets judged the guys go upstairs and then the judge has sit down and and and the coach Honey romba says I want an instant replay on on Phil he's and so the judge's got to take another look at Phil Ethan What I'm on I'm not saying what I'm saying Did be no way I'm not saying that I'm not saying it what I'm saying is in in a comment to wine I'm commenting to wine burgers statement that you can't tell anything by photos and I disagree with that because of the technology we have today that makes these images so sharp that it's better than being there Well, what I'm saying to you even though making a mockery of it don't you I'm making a mockery purposefully I'm showing the the how I'm saying it over to Bubba and over the top purposefully because The judges judge what their eyes see at that very moment So if they're bamboozled by the people on stage because they have great presentation if they're you know If the flash of how how the person you know presents themselves is drawing their eyes to that person and not the other person That's what got it that's what made them say first place when I got it if you go back and look at the videos and pictures They've had even realized hey we made a mistake because you know what but that's what judging is about About what the answer is when they see that on stage what the body will the made them feel you know Yes, do right that's what the show is about how many times have you seen a picture of a guy? We used big Grammy before the Olympia couple days before we call my God Did you see the pro? There's no fat it looks great. He shredded he's so in he's right on target dry hard Well, the same you see him on stage. You know like dude that's it a couple days ago I saw pictures of a couple days ago. He looked amazing But now you see him up against the other guys and now you see him right there and Even though he's so big he's not like what you said about the flex wheel thing I feel like the stage presence of another guy is taking over Yes, there's could body building that's what body building about that's why Arnold used to win What it Arnold used to say sometimes he knew guys were better than him, but he would get out there and he would he would just hit nothing with double-pice He would hit that post that was his signature and he would just keep going like that You know remember story about him with the background of Sergio will leave it He said we should use a dark background You know, so Sergio will even with Glenn more in with background You remember that? Yeah, yeah, no you're right. I mean, that's a fact It's different things like that Arnold is a master at stage presence. I remember Lee Haney telling me if I was Tom plots He goes I would get up there and do nothing but leg poses because that would freak the judges out there would freak out the audience And he would actually he believes that he would actually score higher because the attention would be on him If I want to say I agree with that for a last century, but but on that on the technology is so good No, I think you're talking about something else. I agree with you in the same Where we are saying John you're saying the technology so good You could actually see the fucking blood flowing through the guys body. I know what you're saying bye by side But you can't let me give you a good example That's a judge when when Kai beat when I mean when Phil beat Kai at that last Olympia or one of the Olympias Phil was really off at the pre-judging and and it almost looked like he was probably losing it after period and then he came back better at night Okay, if you weren't that show You probably couldn't if you wouldn't have caught the nuances of how good Phil looked at the finals versus the pre-judging If you saw the pictures you would swear Kai green one the show. I mean ties bigger He's freakier he's got great conditioning his presentations really good But in person at that finals Phil was you know, he was raining mr He was freaky looking but he naturally got better to the night. Yeah. Yeah I mean it really it didn't translate well the pictures and pictures It looks way better because Kai's it's a part of you know, I totally agree with that But there've been instances where we are you don't need a replay. Yeah, okay? The year j-beat beat Victor Martinez. Yes. It's good one I'll give you Steve Weinberger's favorite the 1991 missile and right that's the one here So you can't tell me that the judges or I'm judging what's right in front of me right then in there and Why in Berber himself knows that's bullshit because he went through it with his wife in 1991 So yeah, but I think that was pot. I think that was really you know a Joe weater Thing and absolutely one yeah, I that wasn't yeah That wasn't but Steve wasn't judging then that was a different judging panel that was ruled over by Joe weater who you know Don't they call but you but you cannot say that the lineage of FBB judging is based on what you're seeing in front of you that day or hell no All of us can knock on NASA should have be Dorian Leroni should have beat him that there's definitely a year or two showing ratio one So you can't say you cannot convince me that it's all about what the judges see in front of him that day because there's too many Instances throughout history where that just doesn't you can not let go of that on this No, let's segue to the next play the next clip where Kai actually lays it out here. Here we go watch the book People walk away a lot of times I've heard them say hey man politics judges rigged what You know, I always said that okay, you know what I mean when you're friend and family Then they're gonna start telling you the truth then we don't have politics and you know in-worth But now as a coach and I'm telling you this and I'm you know everybody know me I'm not a kiss I say even I'm here you know when we went to When we went to Spain you'll beat you beat Phil Ethan's down But I understand why we couldn't take Phil heat from being this or limpian weekly to take him off It doesn't look good now I disagree with that. I think you beat him you should beat him see that I don't agree with that but we saw it I've had arguments they have a show. Yeah, of course. I mean there's a lot of time Joe and I differ so are you saying that there's an optical illusion that not an optical illusion you just In a living color Different not somebody lies see it the same way you could see it on the internet It's impossible So what do you think about that? Do you think they make a valid statement there first on George George is the biggest kiss Ass of all time which is that that But I love but that was the first thing that I love guys like politics What do you think about George George is a great guy in person George you're great anybody knows George I love George I like the break we break each other's balls, but I I do like George a lot What's on my god? He's got a lineage of Bustable history Now what do you obviously we know that has been politics throughout you know his and I don't blame the judges for that I believe I blame the people who Might have been behind the scenes and I think Joe we'd have for many years pulled a lot of strings You know here and there not a lot, but you know You we saw our couple controversial decisions over the years you know 91 misalipia, yeah, but I disagree with wine burger dare because because in living color I'm and Greg has sent the and Greg has sent the the the the high-deft Pictures of various women's assholes in such stunning degree that you become the lines and that's what you know a Greg I mean the the the amount of technology we have at our disposal today for viewing things in high definition is Out of sight and for living in living color you can't make that and I disagree I think it's the opposite I think on video it looks better than it looks in person because and if you have the added Ability to stop and you can stop that video at any given point and you can you can spend two hours But that's not a how a judge judge though John then I'm gonna have That's how it has I'm a fine to look obviously you can't do an instant replay I agree with oh The subt that the settle these arguments over who look better who should a one it's a hands down Guaranteed that the judges can make mistakes and This ability proves it is all I'm saying I think what you're talking about something give it to I understand it Yes, you can see every poor understand the blood going through it about I agree with that but can you use that to be a judge You know what's funny? Look at a picture. You can't see the flaws as much as you can Let's not that's not the point But I think that's what Dave's talking about right Joe Dave or no I think you see the flaws more the way John is talking about I don't think the judges quite see as much Right, but that's not how it shows judge the show is judged by a live I mean a live judging panel that is an emotional there they're not robots in other words So there there are emotional beings that are moved by how people perform on stage How they present their physique what they're bringing to the stage Wait a minute that's like comparing one of these dolls that you get a sex doll Did you have any of that look so fucking good? Got the sex I don't have the sex doll in house That shit Not a pseudo but you can't compare a sex doll with like a real girl you're missing a point Sex doll yeah, you're right you can't compare them to sex doll don't fucking argue I'm saying Okay, no problem, you know, but I'm saying like you can't just go by the video I've to me you have to be there a person like Dave said it before with this flesh wheel thing was a perfect example I she guys backstage with a look phenomenal then on stage the guy who look back in backstage Is she couple guys right maybe this one guy looks great like Dennis wolf you still great to me But then when I see him on stage you need fucking look at good as you gotta you know guys you better than backstage Let's the whole stage presence We're talking about let let let's fire first I think the judging especially in the new era the last 10 you know 15 years since you know Man, you just take an over full force and and and wine burgers been the head judge. I think they they get it right 99% of the time but Is that what percent is the one to two percent times where? Things are questionable when I say questionable it means that like if mr. Olympia is competing and he's a little off They throw him a bone if You know You know We're at a show and and maybe there's like something Reason why they may want to get a guy into the Olympia and he has to qualify They may throw him a bone if it's close and and that's just human nature because I think that there is an aspect of the sport of Which we call market ability so we want our champions to win we want we want you know Certain people in the Olympia okay for a marketing purpose is so I think there there's a fudge is a fudge factor Everyone's in a while will we see are you that? We don't agree with what? Any element steady judging when you think judges should use video now you think that they should actually use video age and asics they go back and review they can appeal they can appeal You know, but that's by performance That's They can But even But Dave what you just said is what wine burger is adamantly denying He has to he's a judge I mean to come on, but I but like I said when he's judging and they're on a hundred They're on most of the time to have a judging that in my mind at least to have a judging Get it have judges get it right 98% of the time that's pretty damn good Look I'm you got it. I don't want I don't want them to take this the wrong way I think and I agree with you is since wine burger has been In his position now The judging has been almost inarguable at all ever it's always right on as far as I'm concerned However for that one or two percent of the time where it's not obviously yeah Why can they just say instead of the judging what's in front of him that day? Why can't you say an in the guys of judging what they're judging? What's in front of him that day? Sometimes a guy makes a mistake or human You know Well, you know you gotta remember too if you have a decision Okay, where Five judges think the guy this guy wins and four judges think the other guy wins Okay, and we don't agree with the final decision and maybe I'll need to do any of the fans at home This still with four judges up there that thought the other guy should have won you know, so It's not it's like everyone is on in the conspiracy It's not a conspiracy where everyone's in on it. You know some people like one thing some people like this Look some people like like one Trump some people want Biden It doesn't you know it is what it is There's no right answer you know also You know when you're judging if I'm a judge sometimes you have a relationship you might know Phil Heath you might say hey He's my buddy, man I this guy's a good guy He did enough to win as far as I'm concerned I'm voting for Phil Heath even though maybe Kai Green looked better that day I don't know I'm gonna have you blue yourself if you really know someone like that well They all know everyone knows everyone George you know that small in We all know each other right we all know that's what that was so hard to judge Yeah, I mean I mean I got what's it was like Other personalities like you automatically gravitate to want it. You know Extra fruit you kid you know if you're voting for a bikini girl you're gonna vote for the girl that you think you know You like the best you they try to I like minutes so I'm so if there's all proof it's what it is It's a guy Have you guys well for the girls now Here's a question though. Should you be able to what should you be able to appeal a decision now with all the technology John pointed out that we have The ability to do an instant replay in like three seconds you can play it back the live stream Should you be able to say you know what we want to appeal this decision and I mean obviously Never changing in a million years But um or or even better yet and I'll throw this other one at how about have another another round of judging where they actually go back and judge the video No a confirmation of judging around you know now you take it away taking it away It's the way it is just I'm just throwing down I don't believe it you can't go and stay replay. What are you gonna say no no wait? Let's go back to being to replay Can we? Well Greg why do they do that in football? Yeah, but if for that's performance there's no performance Not it's whether it's whether or not the ball got where they measure for the first down Everything are you gonna go back and say wait a minute I green and more stations and the stars and Philly look at his gloat he's got more gloat Stag we instant replay I want to challenge the call I think what it does I think it does two things God one is it it definitely validates the argument against it because you can have you can have two varying Opinions and the video can prove it. Yes. It's too late. They're not gonna take it away from them again But what it does is is humanizes the judges and says sometimes these guys fuck up and what wine burger says They're judging what they see at that moment In front of them I agree with them. It has a flaw in it is all I'm saying is that statement What a flaw how though they're all those guys are in in a pretty much close to the same condition Okay, one guy's a little more dry or you're split. I'll give you an example Let's say a guy loses five judges to four okay, and now and because it's so close So when we appeal that we appeal so when it appeals the decision they go back They look at the video every all the judges and if they all agree Hey, you know what I'm sticking with my decision. Great, but maybe one of these guys or two of these people will say you know what? I didn't quite see it right I'm gonna change my decision and it gives you an ability to them to say you know I made a mistake, you know You can't do that you can't you can't but you can't go back it could call like no I'm talking about how they show you break it the same day The way you know what I'm saying is you can't go back at it the Empire misses a Okay, cause of the strike, but it's a little bit off the fucking black which is a really a ball in baseball You can't go back and say you know what that was a strike that was right I think you did all the time I didn't you can't argue balls are strikes. I don't believe that you could okay Kai-Gree and then more striations and styles right what about if they if the guy swung can they go back and and review Whether he actually can't you know when no I yet No, they don't review that an Empire can call ask another Empire His opinion first based on power did it go around? Yes, he went around but they kick out of the video tape on that they go to the bottom football the judges Reps are on the sidelines watching the video right at a football. Okay, but let me use your question What are you actually reviewing it still you are you saying he wasn't hard enough to sky was Let's go to the big what are you arguing? No, but the same thing you say it round one comparison one more look yeah I stand in next I don't see it man. I don't listen to me who's better artists Picasso or fucking Michael Angela me Michael Angela's way better to put up Picasso look like he did a fucking a kids painting and shit Okay, but but there are people who would say for castles, but what I'm saying is body building is a matter of opinion We've seen guys over the years. I mean that that were phenomenal if you put fucking You know like Frank Zane and his prime against fucking Marcus rule Frank Zane would fucking beat him every time because of what we use as a criteria for bodybuilding But realistically Marcus rule has to beat everybody part hardness everything What I'm saying to is you can't just do that you can't go back what are you reviewing? Okay, listen I'm a judge and I stayed you know and I say to you okay, what do you want to go back to the video? Okay, what do you want to review? I do it the chi green at more striations in his thighs than fill he But okay, but Phil he's overall condition was better his structure the all what he did at that moment What Phil he did this is what fucking wine burgers trying to say and wine burgers watch his show is free with men At that moment when they were doing it double by step though whenever they were doing it when it was doing Apposes it just it was something there that may be Phil he tied at that moment over die green You could go by for body property. You can't judge on that you're judging on Basically how he executed the poses the whole the whole ball of wow your right I'm going to try and what you're saying is you can't see that on a video You know, yeah, I don't think you could go back and forget listen But what do you want to review who's hard? All right, yeah, yeah, I mean for us at the first old Greg your 100% right It's it's an impression it's an impression that people You know why I'm trying to say but what I'm what I'm John and I am saying is what if you had a third a third a fourth route What if you want to call whatever number round we we add another round with a the judges each it have a little monitor They're looking in they see the entire Comparisons and they get to look at it from a different perspective what watching it on video Looking at the at the perspective and then they have the ability to either agree with their decision or actually change your decision No, no, no, no, you're wrong. This is before this this is before the final results are submitted No, listen to me though it baseball It's it's the board football whatever it is It's like okay a ball was hit He called it a foul ball, but really hit the white so it's fair Do you understand or hit you know he died beat the other guy the first space but they called him out So it'll re-review that I'm saying is you're giving the judge you're giving the judges and the ability to get a second look so to speak to make sure that their decision that they initially saw Was right But what are you looking at it what are you looking at it what are you looking at it tonight show What are you looking at it to comparisons? It's the same thing if you have an a question your mind is your a judge and you're saying fill he's Kai-green fill he's tiger and I can't make up my fucking mind. I want to leave again video, you know and you look at the video now you can see side chest front though Right, I grab red you can't pose for pose for pose and you could you could watch exactly what you see So watch in 25 times if you want right you have it. I just don't see you're taking out Listen to me in in sports when you get I understand because you get it wrong It baseball it was if it was called a foul ball, but it was really fair He was really safe at first. Okay. He was called out, but he was really safe Okay, safety with football. He made it over the line. It's actually a first down whatever But the difference in bodybuilding what are you actually going to keep telling you you look at you compare You're watching the same thing that you saw so you're getting comparisons What do I want to see I'm the judge? I can't decide between who had a better front double bicep Kai or Phil now I can see it on a video in front of me. I can stop at the video I can count these striations. I can count those striations. Now yeah, I'm going to change my mind I think now that I've seen it again I think that my first impression was off and I think I'm going to give it to Kai. I Understand it but you're still it's the criteria the criteria of what are you looking You're actually going to go back and look at who looks better in a double bicep You look at the first time I just feel that you can't do that But it's not based on performance on stay I mean perform you know the performance What if you were paying attention what if you had a bad day You know you maybe you really didn't take your good look and you and you've forgotten what you really saw Maybe you wanted a second look as what John said I don't know I don't know if you should do that though. I just don't see the difference No one would know anyway would be behind the scenes It would be done but I agree with wine burger though. I do I I understand what he said. Oh, I do too I bet it shows and I've seen people say someone so should have won and I was like no way I was there man. I big difference when you're there I agree with you but sometimes a lot of that shit politics. I mean when I get into it You know what what one burger is got a tough job To in that position. It's a very difficult and a subjective sport like this I mean you get a lot of enemies, okay, so he's got a very tough job What I'm looking at is how could you apply modern technology to make that job a little less difficult and or and a little a little less Problematic in the long run and if you can say if you can have an option as a judge You can have an option say I'm having a really hard time deciding who's in first and who's in second? It's that close. I need a better look. I need a second look. I want to see them again Now you get a chance to do that What they should do John I think is at the judging panel Obviously can't do it all the shows but for the Olympic Arnold you have a little monitor You're able to actually write that in there Replay and watch it yourself So even before you make your decision you can kind of go back and review it and say okay, you know what this is what I'm Especially if it's close right you know what they do They all look at each other. Yeah, I think what do you think because no one knows because they because it's too fast sometimes Well, they don't think I'm thinking about between them But what I'm saying is a lot of times Greg is because they weren't paying attention or they turned away for a second This gives them the option to go back and actually because every single one of those judges No, it's had a judge, okay, but sometimes it happens very quickly or they weren't really paying attention on Maybe they just got distracted by something and this gives them the ability to go back and really take a good look So that when they make their decision they're making a really informed accurate decision and and it mitigates to our Give it after the fact Right you can it it makes it very difficult to say so and so shoot a one when the wine burger can say you know what it was really close But we had the ability to go back and check all the judges You know how to second chance to review them again We hit an in person we did it on video we did it at the night show and after all of that It's the way it is that this guy won hands down you're gonna have to accept right or Let's first of all just a little bit You see the enough for debate with the IP. Are they actually thinking about doing this or no? Who knows we're just thrown it up there. It's the idea You put out there that may get incorporated. Yeah We're giving them a great we're getting it or not and she's like she's already like dude you could argue all you want I'm we're not doing that. I'm not getting rust in place So we're like fucking pissing in a fair great five 10 years ago I said this should be a classic physique division. They told me that would never happen and never never happened 10 years later we got it all right, so we got a pun the idea out there That's bringing money while we're getting incorporated That's bringing one money to the sport if that's different from from doing video shit or not you know You know that technology they said in told Trump had that USFL they didn't have instant replay right It's not when they started doing it when he did that that USFL leave years ago He had cameras and cameras that went along on the lion fog players. I thought they didn't I mean what he's about the axe he's about that. I thought they did instant replay too. Mr. J Oh, they always they had instant replay, but I mean that's no they didn't know they never had that in the NFL They incorporated after I think Trump put it and use it on the sidelines like they do now They use it right on the side. No, I know but John you remember I think Trump had the ability to start at that whole thing with the instant replay and then the NFL adopted it when the USFL went out You know I believe stolen one of our listeners is gonna yeah Correct to some but I mean look at the end of the day at the end of the day I think it's I think that anything in everything possible should be considered to give these guys the best shot the best look the best shake because Getting to the Olympia is Fucking hell and and for you to get there and Realize that you missed the placing because the judge was looking at a bikini girl when you should have been looking at you Or and it didn't have a chance to make up his mind or whatever What do you question now let me ask you question now now do you go how far how far do you go with this replay? Do you go who placed fifth away? Great top five that's it top five whatever you ever Let me let me give you another example. I'm gonna give you another example. Okay, let's talk Your watch when she first hit the scene and figure I think it was our first pro show in Tanthor I mean she was hands down the best there She blutting me so much better than everyone else. It was the and you know if they put her like fourth and I Talking to a judge after woods. I'm not gonna mention who it is and I said how did you put her fourth? He's like well, she looks so much different than everyone it to she didn't match yeah She looks so much better because she was so I mean she looks so much different because she was so much better than everyone But I think it was it was a shock to them if they would have been ahead of the ability to go back and look and Really analyze a way to minute she's so good We have to give this to her you know, I think it would have given them a second chance to maybe absorb it and And allow it to kind of get it because the next show she did she cleaned up because everyone realized hey, we made a mistake here, you know I don't know sometimes they gave that decision because the other girls and you know Politics that's what I believe I'm a you never There's not supposed to be that's the whole point of the show that but you're never gonna take that out You're never gonna put it to the whole point of this argument the whole point of this argument Is is that there's no politics and and and you can you got to decide what politics actually means in the scope of this What happens if the end of the day is? where politics to be Used in this situation right the end the end result is the person who should have won did not and That's that's the issue now if you can take that away and you can create an error Man, this is not gonna over like politics if they have a their decision if they have it in my look Don't my that out so many things we talk a shit about the IPB whatever is got I mean dude He's not gonna place it up like I forget to get that and that is yeah But you all you want you know what I totally disagree with that and the reason I do is because of my wife and My wife turned pro her free she turned pro in two weeks She went shot right to the top of the whole time out in in Miami at the nationals I was worried about are they gonna fuck her over because of me and And at that point I was at the height of my disc or their disc content with me That's true. I thought for sure that was gonna happen even told Mel Chansey the whole thing And he goes not in I can do that and they didn't I mean just I don't I don't look I like Well, this guy's up of wine burccadult good. I don't think they did that bad that you know It may be if you were on stage. I might have been like I think back in the day when we'd or was controlling everything There was a lot more politics involved because we all about marketing ability with the magazines now There's no market ability there's no magazines no one cares if they can get this down to where it's almost always right every decision So accurately because they're getting the ability to review things like this when then what's gonna happen is this the sport We'll be that much more accepted by the fans and it will be that much more popular or devil's advocate What do you do if you're gonna? Just the Olympic we're gonna do this in a book. I borrow a classic well You start look Greg you started the top you started the Olympic in the Arnold and then the technology now is so Available that you can start trickling it down to the bigger pro shows the nationals possibly It's has to start at the top first Look Greg it's like when they come out with a brand new car that has a new technology like I love that technology Like the blind spot indicator in the car you ever see that you get too close So I'm doing a blind spot in Blake it blanks in mirror now that was only for the very high-high end cars It started with now I got it my my on the mini van has it, you know I still draw rock out the window It's my technology See it's gay Jimmy we go this while you don't have a criteria that's all I'm saying I don't know what you can go back to replay looking at I still don't understand I don't know how you gonna understand that it's simple as hell You look at the guy you have a question about if you think competitor number 56 should be over number Competitor 57 and it's a when it's the first there's sense between first or second you can't make up your mind You look you go back and look Look it was happy birthday John your 59 now. Yeah. No Well Jimmy Jimmy but what let's let's chase Tyler is one here anybody He wants to hear you rant what's going on it? It's crit didn't set any videos of pilgrim state mental asylum I don't know why he's doing that is there some kind of like a subliving message there You want to go to the mental hospital well I be one a you know I'm gonna play guy my old age. I didn't want to interrupt you The argument you guys had a good argument go with airs all I kind of lay back a little bit You know I'd have respect for some of the tying and that's what we don't so another worried you're having a good day Yeah, no I'm not having a fucking good day. Okay, so I would I got I got I'm not having I'm back to the other because my fucking bed don't call but I got a load of airs for the back So what I was I got airs for the swirl I'm going to fucking job I'm inside the complex of the fucking pilgrim state right You know have a active head today, you know, and there's only feastree be jee street a E street I street only so the guy saw me yeah, go down east she back to left on H street around 126 to fucking Entry I'm like okay, but I'm like I didn't know I'm like where the fuck did he say to go? I fucking drive it all over the place trying to call somebody all this stuff That this woman jumps out front of me. What a hands in the air. I thought she was with the S for crew Stop it off and she comes over to my drive is not I got a wrongly follow me. There they guy his lost He's follow me because who was best those son of a he goes she comes to my daughter I go it's everything right man. She goes they want me to die They want me to die They want me to kill myself. I just won't take it easy man. Hope He's at the He's at the He's at the Pilgrim state mental institution There's you click bait for Instagram right here Yeah But I she'd have replay on Jimmy yeah, yeah, the woman looks he jumped in his truck He's at Pilgrim state a mental hospital institution there my grandfather built that thing probably 70 years ago And I ironically it looks like it's all run down it looks terrible you said to me video from there It's almost depressing. I don't know why they let the thing run down so much What did your dad work out there, John? He he was a Creedmore Oh, Creedmore, okay. Yeah, what do they name all these these mentalist to these these creepy names like Creedmore and You know we're in my Creedmore is that it he was on the grounds of what the of what was the old windchester rifle Fact ice and then now they got a mental institution I don't believe you I want to see a replay That's easy Just getting We didn't Jimmy go we lost him completely. I don't really like it. He's probably Curse them right now. He always call him after every show. Tell you He didn't want to have me on the show. I said you always call from these terrible connections What do you want me to do for you? He doesn't even he's still talking. He doesn't even know you He doesn't even know What's going on Mr. G where we haven't got any cookies in the mail. What's going on? Got him to come and I just made him right here I never get to see in you. He shows us the bag every week and we don't get anything in the mail We'll get a couple I'm still way back two months ago with the white chocolate peanut butter. I'm right what I want to know is what is he doing all day? He's obviously not baking cookies all day, John. No, he's not Are you falling behind in your order, George? He's thinking of ways how to get around sending out our free code I do about seven orders it. I've fulfilled about seven orders a day Which is about 250 actual cookies in bag. We have to check that. You're not cooking enough. You got to cook more Oh, no There he is. Oh, I Be cut off Yeah, let me just finish guy. I got I got to bet the somebody because I got nobody to fucking I'm right I told the woman to go fucking get the truck behind me. I know I thought I know we never heard the story Like we know we're your left off Jimmy It keeps us lost to me again Hey, can we talk about Jennifer Blackment. I end up guys again I like that I like her. She's nice She was a girl girl. I really I add all of the black men's I miss her her and then to one and a mom Like I'm a least I like the more Oh I just hate getting stabbed in the back by somebody who used to call me as brother. Yeah, I wouldn't might be a tie-up They have been a back a few times I could do without the stamping part Greg I think Steve and I I think I should have a new show with Steve What do you think supplement talk with Steve Blackman? Yeah, bring him up bring mommy show with us now. No, I wanted to do a supplement talk with him every week Yes, me or you want you want to hear our tear now Who you date now not for five years? Why not the why do I have a good testosterone level? I'm over at 500 I feel good Oh Hey, some this it this it that shit in the truck is fucking a real pain in the ass man Well, I could a good spot. I got a big it's a story of my fucking life That's what it that's what it I went to go on the evil my family at a night. I got it on the board And we want to go to a ship place Oh Jimmy you know what I bet you were getting great content here Every I was about to put these together where he's Jimmy starts ran through yes stops And then next one and then do the next every week he calls me after the show and he's crying to me about how you don't love me You could you cut me off My Jimmy can you please go someplace with is actually internet when you when you do the show for 20 freaking minutes It why can't you stop? I don't know I told him to do that. I don't know Just stop for 24 Minutes Jimmy Jimmy Jimmy don't stop to get a hot dog. Let him when he gets stops get his hot dog You need to show have you ever been Jimmy stands still ever now No He could stop he's he don't know what you don't work I'm going to keep going I'm going to be going I used to go over his house back in the 90s I used to go over his house because he's he worked for metrics at the time This is before I worked for them and he would give me the boxes of the of the metrics packets because he never used them So I come over there and I get those and I hang out with him for a couple, you know an hour or two And he'd be in the house and he he was this is what he was digging out the basement He had his x y He was where I don't know if it was y other was y-th yet He was living in our house. She had this tiny little house and he decided he was going to double the size of it by digging out the basement So we did it himself Remember that so I go over there And she had these Persian cats which I love cats, you know, and he hated these cats and these cats He would throw the I would have to yell at him. He would literally throw the cats across the room He hated it And he was digging this basement out and the cats would be in the basement while he's digging out. I'm like Jimmy. What are you doing? Why are you digging this basement? I need more room here So he finally finished his the whole house and it was I mean it was a bit what he did to this house was like what John does to John's house Amazing, you know work it looked like he basically doubled the size of the house and Then he got kicked out right after she finished it I Kick him out sooner, but she waited she waited finish the house. Yeah, yeah He had to pass were very happy about it when they got you Give me a eight eight all the protein and all that stuff because he never really ate right where you would be like no He had dogs George used to give me the protein. I know he would have been he would have been bright Extra- He was good a bin. He not only was strong. He was muscular and lean too. I know he's a freak But we could barely move remember he was extifurse a boy. Yeah, it's so much Remember when he had that little rack tail in the back Yeah, he couldn't put it in himself. He had him somebody else doing They have to take a chisel and chisel is elbows to send it. He can move him He was so stiff. He ever seemed on his cell phone. He's like this Eugene who had to best story to did he ever take his stories about one reader? He's gone for an Easter still establish. Yeah, he always told me I have a little part of that It's roll the bitch would take the whole bottle. They actually, you know, they actually moved the nerve in his arm because his elbows became so like Calcified that the nerve was trapped this and they actually relocated the nerve someplace else, you know, I remember the surgery and it worked it worked They were shot and his strength was just as good. Wow So I just I've seen him do the most insane lips on me. I spotted him bro 600 pounds fucking reverse branch On stage I spotted him and I told him dude if you don't get this I'm fucked. I can't lift that off you but he's like don't worry about it He's already doing reps and shit reverse bench that 600 pounds the greatest to me to bull story that That's the greatest, but one of the really good ones is I I've told the story before we went the metrics booth I figured I think it was 96 and Or 97 and there was that they had a contest beat the bull Who could do the most curls or 225 in the bar, which I didn't even try it and I was 315 pounds at the time and so Everyone the whole day got to go and then you came back and then you know You'd have to Jimmy was the last one to go but before Jimmy went Ronnie Coleman was working at the metrics booth with at the time he was no one he had only he had it really even want to approach Yeah, but you know he still had those like 23 and charms, you know and Ryan he's like yeah, me can I give that a try and everyone's like right? Yeah, all right whatever, you know no one no one knew how strong Ronnie was Ronnie did like 75 reps with 225 strict for all not like you know Jimmy's Jimmy's reps were like Who Ronnie was like full range, you know motion like perfect reps. He's like man. This is easy Oh, yeah, he won he beat no no no one else beat Jimmy, but Ronnie beat Jimmy actually I think for exactly that should be Jimmy but but but Ronnie was unbelievable that's how I knew right then and they I said holy we're looking at something really special in the Future man You saw him doing it he had strength any of the size to go with it. That's what was so amazing, you know I'll tell you who would have given her a run tassie column remember tassie Yeah, yeah tassie target friend of mine It's a start of a get and they'd be crawling out in the whole everybody be counting That was the coolest show remember how it would to have to hold the battery out here like this the When we got it yeah, yeah, yeah, that was that was a cool thing Why did they get rid of that that was all? Everyone died, you know all the people around the show died Well Bob still that by was Bob on him show Yeah, but didn't Kenny Castle a Kenny and Bob ran it together You know they couldn't get the sponsorship anymore for it I think that's what it was it was expensive. Oh no women's physique world with a one-sus font of that whole thing Yeah, they sponsored it but Bob ran it with Kenny cast right But what happened was when the magazine stopped being important anymore because of the internet They weren't making as much money those women's physique guys We're making a fortune selling videos. What's something that so what happened to winter stream Wettish him just was the editor and chief of the magazine. He didn't own the magazine. Yeah. No, no, no, it's Bill Jance Bill Jance Yeah, I Bill Jance is the guy with Bill Jance was uh, when is him was just one of He was the editor and chief. I you know one of his guys there When is this the live when is she my little 120 you kidding me? It's got a lot of evidence. I don't know why they don't bring some of that shit back That was fucking I'll tell you why the women the strength stuff was so popular watching the women Aside from the Shmo's who liked to watch it. It's because the women would actually laid on the line If you ever did a strength competition like that with guys No one would do it because they're all like oh, I don't want to get hurt I don't want to I don't want to I don't want to practice it You know that no one wants to be involved but you can get to top women and tell them hey We're gonna have this strength competition where you're gonna have to do this and lift that and and squat for reps You'll get everyone participating at it. Oh, they used to do it all it's that they'd be fucking up there doing pull-ups Squats, you know fucking curls they it the whole crowd who we've count them 31. Yeah, 30 you know what I'm saying I was thinking that holding a car battery out in front of them on the clock That was freaking nuts. Why didn't one was crazy too? You know I worked backstage Everyone of those shows because Bob bought you know, yeah, I was Bob's best friend so I was always you know It was great. They were fun to watch. They really were They would sell that place out to all you better believe it He did it like they would do it in fancy hotels too, right like the health and stuff like up Yeah, yeah They made it like a like a real like like an event like it was like I won year I forgot with it the year Debbie Dobb and Debbie Dobbans died. I was there She died like a month or so later, you know when she went up a Tommy Marathon house But what happened was uh we would it and Bob Bob had me watch the door on the inside of All the girls were changing they were walking on stark naked front It was great. We know how much you know Yeah, you hated every minute. Well, dude. I was sitting there like oh my like like that like in revenge at an earth Oh Like a pervert yeah, hey Dave that you should be bros versus pros. Well, that's right. That's the idea for it For a judge Remember Tazzy yet Tazzy up here in foam and yeah a lot of times I had a lot of the girls in Up here a big one. What did I do in Bob? Bob? I'm doing now Greg. I just talked to him Saturday. He's retired. He's down in Florida. He's retired pretty much You know Bob's in his seventies, right? No, he's there is 69. Oh, okay 69 fuck What happened to Jim Greg solstice? I believe it or not it's still there It's right now it's in limbo because he was selling it at ice post to take it and then he didn't kind of fuck Bob over a little bit You know I heard because friend of ours might buy that Jim Greg. You know I'm talking about is it a Paul? No I Know just guy Paul's the guys supposed to be by another guy that I did I know that you know too I'll tell you after we have to show's over. I don't know what is he on the property? He must own it He was only there's not on the property. That's part of it Is that just a big problem with all that shit, you know, but it's the same range It's a standard shit happen with me when I saw myself in George did the promise that they want to make condos Guys don't want to fuck you hey guys guys guys get the gym and then they don't want to fucking play every month And you know then you're like oh, I got to take it back now because you know fucking playing Okay after having been in a gym business I can tell you that unless you own the building forget about it. Yeah, I agree it's no good That's the McDonald's that's the McDonald's Business model you have to own the land right right of course Well the McDonald's was not in the hamburger business. It was in the real estate. Yeah, yeah, they proved that But a gym when you got because you need so much space when you got that rent bill You know every month just like 10,000 15,000 25 Well some guys have paid 50,000 dollars a month. Yeah, you know That's a huge not to cry building More you're mortgage would be attentive Yeah, you got it. You got it on the building. Yeah It's kind of original brutal. Today especially here in New York man forget about yeah Yeah, I think I think the gym business is gonna is gonna go by the wayside it already is just Just COVID shit everybody's putting gyms in a house Yeah, you know, I mean there'll be a re-emergence of gyms again after this because it's people like to leave the house and get it to freak out in the house Once this COVID thing passes over people gonna want to go and train it and someone else's gym It's great to have a gym in your house when you can't go any place else, but it's nice when you have the ability to go to a nice clean new gym Or if you want to go to a hardcore, you know, hold the wall whatever you want It's nice to be able to go there and have the energy of the gym I think that'll never be totally it's not the human beings other people yeah absolutely George your right man I'm basically all these all these great gyms It was all the people that were happy to that's what he went. It was a camaraderie Nobody would have phones and anything like that We would talk to each other right right when you're in your house you go like ff five minutes I'm gonna say fight then you're phone call comes before you know it it's hours later You still haven't gone down there right? It's not the same True, no Well, I love jumping on my motorcycle and riding into gym. It's nothing like Working out you get to park right in front of the front door. It's the best way to go Well We're getting to that point again I'm sorry Jimmy the bowl you got cut off again. You'll have to vent next week Fine to go to that next time. That's the best advice I can give you We can truck for 20 minutes. Also anyone watch you if they want to sign up this to Saturday The date seekers to becoming a die a guru course. I'll be holding that from nine to six PM nine in the morning to six PM all day Saturday. It's online You can sign up at the aprilumma.com and I think you guys will really enjoy it Don't wait too long Make sure you sign up before the end of the week also What else is going on? What do we have coming up this week? There's a show this weekend There's nothing Chicago That's the week a fuck I borrow bill class again. I don't know oh the Aliconti Spain show is this this coming week big ranny-old the on stage Do you guys think big ranny's gonna have a shot do you limp you this year? No? Okay, John You look straight but till it gets on stage and you see that behind we turn around hamstrings MIA The calves don't match the thighs you got giant. I got that. You know huh I'm yelling at Tyler the back is not thick. You know I mean why does it have the density right? You know I'm saying I say he's gonna pull up set. Okay. Yeah He needs a freaking cookie John Yeah, I'm waiting for months. I don't get any cookies. No, I mean what do you think about big ramie? I don't keep it cookies We're talking about cooking sorry about big ramie big ramie. Here's the thing with big ramie Okay big ramie has everything He needs to be mr. Olympia I think more so than any other competitor out there except for maybe honey shoe pad But big ramies problem is I don't know who the hell he's listening to with the end because he always gets to the you know To the five yard line and it falls apart and I don't understand why he It was because I I think it's you know when you go to ten coaches it's got to be you. It can't be the coaches. You know at that point right So why does he do that? I mean it's been it's what five years now quite meant it's called it's called up You know you have it's a heart of a champion you know sometimes people panic, you know at the end I don't think he does really Some people can't deliver on the biggest stage they only get deliver when there's less pressure on them, you know I don't know why he can't pull him he's like five percent away He's so close That as rich piano would say it's all about five percent you know which which five percent of you in that's the problem, you know Yeah, yeah, all right on that note guys. We're gonna wrap things up on Dave Pulumbo for John Romero Greg Valentino Mr. G Jimmy the bull wherever he may be and our producer Tyler Scharvel see you next week Later Get the misuppose protein dot net by your jumbo lights and you guys are all getting samples to wait