Welcome back to Muscle in the Morning. I'm Dave Paloando and today is Thursday, July 19th, 2018. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Back in the day, my sixth grade teacher once told me that the thing D students don't realize about A students is that A students are necessarily smarter. It's just that they're the ones who are willing to sacrifice more. And with lessons three months to go now before he's slated to make his Olympia debut, second year classic physique standout, Carajo Para looks like he's starting to embrace the sacrifice. Oh, para really exploded onto the scene this year when he came from out of nowhere to take third at the Arnold Classic. And then for his on core performance he stepped up and crushed the field in his huge win at the upper Midwest Classic. Don't let that small sample size trick you into thinking anything crazy because it's more than obvious that this guy has a ton of raw talent to work with. But with the margin of our being so thin at the Olympia level, it'll be interesting to see where he stacks up against the truly elite guys in the division. Once you get to the Olympia stage, if there's one bogey man, you absolutely cannot allow to come back and bite you in the butt. It's showing up without superb conditioning. But the way he looks right now, I think even an armchair bodybuilding expert could figure out that conditionings just not going to be an issue for Lukas Osloville. Less than two weeks after his first win of the season at the Vancouver Pro, the Osloville camp released some new updates where we see the longtime veteran showing some throw back 1990s super grainy conditioning nine weeks out from the big dance. According to reports Osloville is still sitting right around the 240 mark, which is exactly where he was back in Vancouver. So if they can manage to stay consistent and keep himself within striking distance, you might have a shot to come in and surprise a few people in the Olympia top 10. The race for the vacant fitness Olympia crown is one of the more underrated storylines of the pre- Olympia season, as far as I'm concerned. Well tell you what, the rena-damping underrated about 2018 Toronto Pro, fitness champ Darian Vorello, more than a month removed from pulling off one of the biggest wins of a career, one of the hottest athletes in the division does it look like she's losing any steam. The latest updates coming from Vorello Entertainment team point to all systems being a go, which is exactly what you'd want by now seeing that we're heading into the third quarter of Olympia prep for everyone in this year's field. After seeing what she did up there in Toronto, there's no denying that Vorello is a dynamic talent who's capable of some amazing things when she's at her best. The only question now is whether or not her best will be good enough to make her the next in line to be crowned, miss fitness Olympia. The older you get, the more you realize that trying to reinvent the wheel is one of those things that only ends up leaving you frustrated in the end. But trying to reinvent yourself, if you're patient, usually turns out pretty good once you're on the other side. This week we saw a rejuvenated and reinvented Aaron Clark pop up looking like he was ready to take on the world once again. I know a lot of bodybuilding fans who were glad to see the former 2012 Olympian back in action this year as he made his first 4-ray into the men's open after a long layoff. So now that he's finally starting to feel like his old self again, hopefully we'll see one of those vintage Aaron Clark out of the park home run style performances again at some point here in the near future. To quote the modern day philosopher and hip hop mogul Drake, my Mount Rushmore is me with four different expressions. And when you've won four straight Olympia titles like Joanna Malacarney has, I think you could probably make a convincing argument about why your face deserves its own mountain. Early this week the champ release footage from one of her latest back day efforts where we see her looking as focused and flawless as ever. Interquested to come the first woman ever to earn five physical Olympia titles. However, she just released some shocking news that has the industry flawed. She's retiring from competition and won't be defending her Olympia title this year. As crazy as this new sound, especially in the last minute, it really is not that shocking. Malacarney is one every major women's physique title the sport has to offer including the Arnold Classic. So at this point in her career, she really has nothing left to prove all of us here at muscle in the morning, but like to wish her a peaceful retirement and Juliana, thanks for the memories. And that does it the yet another edition of muscle in the morning. On day full on bow reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.