We're going to be launching the tasty pastry for the low-car caulk tart. We've got three and four grams of net carbs and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. I'm Dave Palombo and today is Monday June 14th, 2021. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Welcome back ladies and gentlemen, happy Monday. We're 17 weeks out from the Olympia and we have a brand new update from Justin Rodriguez to get you started off today. Last week Justin announced that he was starring the first phase of his Olympia prep. And he said that he's excited to see how things progress over the next few weeks, given how solid his starting point is. Considering that he started the year with a win at the Indie Pro in a second place at the New York Pro, I think this goes without saying that this is the best version of Justin that we've seen. So as long as he doubles down on the things that got him here in the first place, he shouldn't have too much trouble dialing it in for the Olympia weekend. In case you missed it a few weeks ago, we reported that Nathan DeAsh said that he was planning to compete sometime within the next six weeks. But at that point the information was still so new that it still felt like things were up in the air. Well, now here we are more than two weeks later with Nathan still looking like he's well trending in that direction, despite the fact that we haven't heard any official word from Nathan or his camp about what his plans are right now. From a logistical perspective, Puerto Rico's probably too close for that to be a realistic target, which means the next big show would fall into that potential window, I guess would be Chicago. Even though that's about six weeks away from where we are now, since Nathan hasn't competed in almost two years, I don't know if he needs to hit the next one out of the park, but a double or triple wouldn't hurt. He's still one of the most talented athletes we have, but it is not in his best. I don't know if talent alone is enough to carry him through some of these new lineups. I'm a big believer in people aiming high, because we only see what we aim for when you start out by setting your bar high. You don't see anything less than that as a possibility. And a bowl Lewis has his sights set on another top 10 Olympia finish. He's doing a damn good job of aiming his focus in that direction. After last year's breakout season that saw him win the New York pro and placed 9th at the Olympia, the new and improved about 2.0 is starting to pick up steam, now that his Olympia prep is in full effect. If you look at what he brings to the table, Bo has enough tools to jump a few spots this year if he's made the right improvements. And considering how fluid that top 5 through 9 ranges bent for the last few years, if he shows up on the money, I don't think landing a spot in the first call out is completely out of the question. As the old saying goes, those who failed to plan planned to fail. And the word on the street is that Guy's sister knew his planning to step on stage for the first time this year, sometime within the next two weeks. Even though he's been training and dieting for the better part of the last few months, there were some scheduling issues with the shows he was initially targeting, which basically left him stuck in limbo up until recently, even though I don't think he's come out and set it, at least not as of the time I'm recording this right now, that two week window, pretty much puts him right in line with the Puerto Rico pro, which is historically been a great show for the 212. So if he goes out there and nails, it's a pretty good sign that he's on track to have another really strong season. And that does it the yet another addition of muscle in the morning, on day polembo reminding you to always be true to your passion. They should have followed us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.