We're going to be launching the tasty pastry for the low-car caulk tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to Legendary Foods, Muscle in the Morning. I know sometimes we joke about certain people trying to break the internet. But Monday and Tuesday it actually felt like high-green was actually trying to do it. Now, unless you drop your phone in the toilet or you've been living under a rock for the last three days, you've probably already seen these pictures of a 317-pound high-green looking like something straight out of the Marvel Studios. And not only did Kyre release those photos on Monday, on Tuesday turned around and trolled Philly Heath with photos of the two of them side-by-side because Phil hadn't liked or commented on his photos yet. I have absolutely no desire to go into the whole wheel here really not compete again, narrative that I'm sure people are talking about. But I will say this, nobody's better at selling the art of illusion and body, building high. So if he does have something in the works, I'm sure this won't be the last riddle we end up talking about between now and that total. If you guys didn't catch our Wednesday show, we did a segment that featured Justin Rodriguez and Nick Walker, guest-posing, at an event in New Jersey last weekend. And at one point during that segment, I commented on how big Justin was because he made Nick look comparatively small standing next to him. And now I understand why. According to a report from Justin's camp, he was tipping the scales at 305 earlier this week, which has to make this the biggest in the leadest that he's ever been 15 weeks out from a show. I know that Justin has said in the past that he wasn't crazy about having to play the size game. But from the way it looks, he might have changed up his tune. He might not be £340 like Rammy, but he's at that point right now where he has more than enough muscle that he won't be overpowered by anyone. I guess this is what Justin's 3.0 looks like and it'll be interesting to see what the final product looks like when he hits the stage again in October. On Tuesday show, we hit you guys up with a quick preview of next month's Portugal Pro. And even though we covered a lot of ground, we didn't talk about any of the potential to 12 contenders. So I wanted to throw Austin Cars name out there as one for you to think about. From what I've heard, Austin was originally planning to compete at the Puerto Rico Pro last weekend, but there were some travel issues that held things up. But earlier this week, Austin did say that he could possibly be thinking about making a run for Portugal, which is still about three weeks away. There are a lot of people I know who think that Austin is one of the most underrated athletes in the division and that he actually could be a legitimate top 6 Olympia contender right now. So if he can find a way to earn himself a qualification, we might find out if the top 6 is on the table a lot sooner than we all expected. Remember a few weeks ago when Nathan De Escher announced that he was planning to compete at some point this year. And we said we thought that the Arnold UK seemed like a logical landing point. Well, as it turns out, we were right. A few days ago, Nathan announced that he was really in the fact of competing at the inaugural Arnold UK in October. And then he has every intention of winning that show and then turning around and being even better at the Olympia a few weeks later. All the trials and tribulations that Nathan has gone through over the last year or so, had been well documented. So it's nice to see that he's back in a place where he can devote some of his time and energy back to doing what he loves. And if you can deliver one of those vintage performances that we all know, he's capable of hopefully at least to a certain extent. It'll make some of those struggles feel worthwhile. And that does it yet another addition of muscle in the morning on Nathan LeBo reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.