Dave Palabo here with an RX muscle news update. I don't know if you saw my Instagram or the RX muscle Instagram. I posted a video two videos actually that were sent to me by Kai Green this evening. He texted me and said, I want to send you this video. I wanted to get your opinion. What do you think? Im applying that, you know, what did I think about him? Doing the Olympia. I looked at the video as you could see the video is Kai looks insane. And from what I understand him from what he imparted to me, he is just quote starting. Meaning that, you know, whatever supplementation he's doing is minimal at this point. And that he's only going to get better and better. And look, you know, I told him what I think anyone else out there would have told him had to see this video. Don't wait. Strike now. No regrets. Do the Olympia. When this Olympia solidify your legacy. And this is the only thing he has and accomplished that is probably the most important thing to him. Even though he's successful obviously, he's making money. He's a legend in body. But when he's a go-down, there's a whole thing body ball there. But look, at the end of the day, everyone wants it to want to. And he who doesn't want to win the Olympia, you know, who's been out there competing. I mean, I would have loved that one of the Olympia. I didn't have to talent to do it. Kai absolutely has the talent to do it. And obviously he's feeling good about himself. He looks great. And why not now? You know, I told him I said, I gave him, you know, he said, well, how do you think it should go about it? I said, look, call up dance, I'll let him in and say, look, I want to do the Olympia. I'll sign the contract. I think that's been the whole impediment. All along is a real Kai signed the contract. You know, I think I think he's right. I really get the impression he's ready. I think he's in the right mental state now. I think with the right people in place running the Olympia, I think he feels very comfortable doing it. And I think he wants to beat the best. And that's, you know, I could revolve in debating why do I do it when, you know, when the Sean Roden, you know, had a big cake a title. But the bottom line is I think Kai's a fierce competitor. He wants to beat the best of the best and who better to beat them big Randy if he can. And I think it would be a great battle. I think it would make the Olympia a, it would raise it up certainly to another level. I know we've been teased by Kai and we think it's he's always pulling a fast one. I was, I don't believe that to be the case this time. I don't think he would have reached out to be personally. Had he really not had serious intentions on doing the Olympia. So take it for what you may. The video says it all and not only just Kai looked great, but he's always the Shelton. I love that about him. Game pull up though, but then our X muscle to use up there.