What's up, body building fans? Dave Alumbo here and I wanted to just comment real quick on the latest beta beday post on Instagram. Beta obviously the owner of Oxygen Jim Mountain Kuwait. You posted a picture of him and Kai Green and he said 11 weeks to the sand out which got a lot of people excited. He was talking and speculating his Kai Green actually going to do the Olympia. Is he working with the camel crew out in Kuwait? Will he be a last minute entry into the Olympia? And will he go back on his word that he would never do the Olympia again? I had good inside sources to tell me the Kai would never do the Olympia. The amount of fact that he was offered a lot of money by some independent people to do the Olympia and he refused. Now we're seeing beta-di posting this. And beta has been one to drum up publicity in the past. He's made some sensationalistic type of things but he's usually not an over-promiser. He's usually an over-deliver actually. So the question remains is Kai Green doing this year's Olympia? I was a betting man would say no probably but the excitement and the speculation especially given the fact that Phil Heath is going to tie the record or trying to tie the record this year with eight wins. Probably one of the few men on the planet who could probably unseat him would be Kai Green. Then again we all have to understand the Kai is in his 40s. He's not a young man anymore. You know, does he have what it takes to do it? Is he still as good as he was? You know, Senator Frank Millen pushed him to the limit and theoretically beat him at that on a classic the last show that Kai competed at for a warrant for the posing round. The Kai pulled off would have been a different decision. So the question remains, will Kai do it and if he does decide to do it, can he win it? And if he does it win it, is it a winner or loss for Kai? It's certainly a win for bodybuilding. That's for sure because the excitement level, the Olympia will be outrageously insane. Kai Green is without a doubt. I don't care if Phil Heath has more followers than Kai. Kai is the most popular bodybuilding on the planet right now. Still, even though he hasn't competed in over two years. So that says a lot. He's got a tremendous following, not just in the United States, but all over the world. So is Bader trying to get a little bit of publicity going here? Or is it really some truth? And this was a little foreshadowing of what's to come. We reached out to Bader and Bader said just wait. So I believe there's more. This is just the smoke before the fire. Stay tuned. Let's see what happens. I'd love nothing more to see Kai Green up on that stage. Day Palombo with an RxMuscle Quick Kit.