I'm Dave Palombo, founder of Species Nutrition. I created Species Nutrition with one mission in mind to provide body builders and serious athletes with no nonsense supplements that work and are backed by science. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body and that lives on in the Species Nutrition line of products. We use only top of the line formulations, toast from maximum results and the best flavoring systems available. I put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition products. If you want to be your absolute best, join the evolution. Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X-Bot, our 30-year-in-a-ro. What we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry with a low-car caulk tart, we've got three and four brands in that carps and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to Live With Brought to You By Species Nutrition. I'm Dave Palombo. It's an A's guest, is our 212 Mr. Olympia champ all the way from the UK, Kamala Gardney, welcome to the show. Hey, thanks. How are you? Thank you for having me. Look at you. Smiling your face, look at huge. I posted a picture of the day you on Instagram that you guys sent to me and you are looking very free to you. This is the biggest I've ever seen here. Well, I don't know what's happened to me. I'm getting older. I'm getting bigger. To see, I'm keeping this in bed. I'm keeping, we've been grooving you wrong because you're still in me. What are you going on, Bruce? So here we go. You could do it as well. I only you could do it. You obviously have genetics that the rest of us don't have because I don't know how you're doing it. You look enormous. I thought you were doing the open for a minute when they sent me the pictures. Why, you never know what's going to happen in the future. I still got four or five years. Yeah. How old are you? Are you 49 or 50? I'm going to be 49 this November action. I'm going to have a set up rate this year, too. My birthday and defend in my sights and in Vegas. That's crazy. I can't believe you're 49. People say the Dex Jackson's amazing. I think you're just as insanely genetically freaky as him because like you said, you're actually making improvements at 49. It is. The gun is it's I'm so happy to be like, and now it's been like a Dex Jackson, which is we know the legend, Dex Jackson is all the time. One of the best bodybuilder ever. And I think he has the most pro-winning show. For me, I have the most amateur winning show. You do that's right. Yeah, there's another similar. How many wins you have as an amateur? I'm a true show as I won about 10 times the ISBV, what will champion? And I won about 11 times Asian champion. I won the European champion. I won African champion. You won so many times you don't even know how many times you won. That's the funny. No, I don't know. I have so many titles, which is I don't think anyone that's got as much as my title as an amateur. Now, which is that's great. I have a theory on why you're still improving. Aside from the fact that you obviously don't have major injuries. But you had a period of time when you kind of were not really competing. You kind of were like, we're in limbo a little bit. When you kind of were on the outs with Rafael Santoba before they split, I think that you've preserved your body because you really didn't go all out for consistently the whole your whole career. Would you say that's the accurate? Well, I think so. Yeah, yeah, because then four years or three and a half, three years, four years, I've still kept training very light, but I've haven't touched nothing. Nothing whatsoever. I think that's, yes, a clean, old-my system. Yeah. Started refresh again. I think yeah, this is one of the things. I'm blessed to be honest. I blessed with a genetic death, mellum, blessed with a genetic death. Yeah, I would say so. You had to admit it. Last year, a lot of people weren't predicting you to win the Olympia. Chris Asito was, he told me there's no way you lose it. And you proved everyone wrong. You surprised everyone. You showed up at your absolute best. You destroyed the line up. I thought you won pretty, pretty handle-and-land, I didn't even had any doubts that you were the winner there. And you established yourself as the new 12-guided beat. How did that feel coming off that Olympia win? And knowing that you're the number one guy now in the world? To be honest, Dave, to me, yes, the title as the Olympia title, which is the biggest in the mix in the world, as a 12-champion, it is a big title. It does mean a lot to me as I am from the Arab countries like from Libya and from Africa, North Africa, from that kind of side and mid-Lace and everything, it is something big and huge for them. And I see the respect from these people. It's gone so huge. A lot of people like, it gave them the hunger. Kamal is done in this age. So it's, to be honest, it's improved the sport big time, big time, big time. And everybody likes saying, we want to be like Kamal. It's gone really huge. And you hear all these comments and you see messages, people send you all that. It feels great. It feels like, especially with my family, with my kids. And my story is well, which is, I left home, Libya, because of bodybuilding when I was like 20, 20, 21, 22 years old. I had all that problems in my career and struggle to move to different countries. And to finish it with the Olympia title, that's, it means a lot. It means very, very big. Are you like a celebrity when you go home now to Libya? Oh, God, yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. To be honest, I've been treated. The thing is this year, we haven't been, haven't been back home to Libya after the Olympia, but when I went last year, when I come third, when I went the Arnold, I've been treated like a king. I've been really treated more than the president himself. I mean, do they, do they want you to come back there? Are they like trying to like entice you to move back to Libya? Why not should really move back to Libya, but it's like, they proud, they really, really proud. Straight away, as soon as they arrived with the airplane, as soon as they opened the doors, they got me through the VIP, Oh, really? Wow. Yeah, all the media, the vice president over there, the, to know this building. So they know when you're coming into the country, huh, that's crazy, wow. Yeah, I know that they've been waiting for me. It is, it feels great. It is great. It really like, something really, really, really big. You're walking around here in the US, no one knows who you are, but you go home and you're, you're a hero, that's amazing. Now you're living obviously in the UK, it's told us that before. And the UK has some really weird travel restrictions. So a lot of people will concern that you wouldn't be able to make it to the Olympia, but you kind of have a strategy, you're, you're, you're, you're leaving the UK, right? Pretty much, and you're going to be moving over here for a couple of months? Oh, yes, Dave, you know what I've heard, because I do really like the fellow oil, uh, episodes and like, muscle radio with the Chris, and I watch all videos. When you mentioned like the Olympia's going to happen, doesn't matter what, so it's better for all the qualified athletes, it's better as they come early, you don't know what's going to happen. I've heard that with the, from Dennis James, I've heard, so I spoke to Chris, I think I need to move. I need to go there, because you know what's happening? There is unfinished business for me. Sure, I need to do. As the current Olympia last year, I have them to be honest, this year's been taken from me, all right? I should have been, I should have been really like around, there's a lot of being set up from me, especially around the Middle East, around the Africa. Yeah, there's a lot of towards being supposed to be gone around, but it didn't happen. I suppose to like represent the sports, especially the area, as you know, as the only champion as an Africa, from like Africa, from North Africa, and everybody's proud of me, so everybody wants me to go around, is a lot of things being set up as seminars, or around them areas, but everything stopped. So it's like, we decided, I don't want anything to be in my way, especially this year with all what's happening, and I said, I need to go early, I need to find my way to defend that type of rule. I'm going to do it for me, and I'm going to move to the US for my family, for all my believers, for all my lovers, the people that really believe to me, I'm going to do it again. I'm going to drop that title again. Yeah, I'm not going to let go. Look, the history of the Mr. Olympia title, whether it be the 2012, the open, Mr. Olympia comes back as good or better than he was the year before, he never loses. I mean, it looks like you've hit, how much you weigh right now? I'm to be honest, Dave, I'm the best shape of ever been. I'm the man I'm one of five years about to, to 29, 229, to Terry. Wow. And it's the best shape ever. Condition wise, everything is there. To be honest, we plan this me, we plan this me and Chris earlier. Like we talk all the time, and he sent me a message one day without nothing, send me some pictures. I said, Chris, what are you thinking? He said, this year bigger and leaner. I said, I'm up for it. We stop. And we started them. We started them. We started prep November. Right. Well, we've been. I put a picture up the other day. Well, we'll put it out on the screen. You look like an absolute freak. It was on my Instagram, our muscle Instagram. I mean, you just, um, no, no, you're big, but you're you're shredded here, absolutely. I mean, you look at you can step on stage almost that way. The honest, yes, I mean, within six weeks, eight weeks maximum, I could be on stage. Is that the plan because of the Olympia September, and I could make it. I'd really could make it with my heaviest. We trained hard. We definitely, the good thing is, the good things like in the lockdown as well, because I have my own gym in England. So I've always trained. So like, you know, we live like as really professional food, train, and sleep. That's what it is. You might even have your own gym during a lockdown that you had to go to. Because anyway, Bobby, when you go in there and train, sorry, when you go to your gym to train, do people like try to knock on the door and say, hey, can we come into? Well, to be honest, they buy a lot of friends. They message me. They need to borrow some downpoles. They borrow some rent. I said, four guys, I can't even. I might do it with the empty. I'm trained myself. Right. Right. It's like, I don't really, I didn't give anything. So they did understand that. I had to really, a lot of friends and members, even they offered me money. So please, we can rent it from you. We can't do this. Varys like, yeah, I had a really good sessions. I trained very well. And during that lockdown, so I think that even made improvement as well. Oh, I'm sure. I'm sure of it, because you know, a lot of you, you got it at the energy over guys who who didn't have access to a gym. So the fact that you never had a stop or anything like that had to be a huge advantage to you. And now you had extra time to prepare for the Olympia, because it's not a September. You actually have to hold December now. So that's obviously an advantage as well. Do you think that we're going to see a full stack to 12 line up at this year's Olympia? What's your speculation of that? Well, I hope so. I mean, as you know, second, third, fourth, they are from US, which is the league there, which is Derek Lansford, Schoen Clarida, and most of the guys, I mean, a four or five of them, they are there. I hope. I mean, I know there are some guys that haven't qualified yet. At the moment, I think what we are about 11, 11, we're going to qualify. Yeah. But again, they need to act quickly, especially the guys that are brought, they're going to, I think it's the best thing they do like what I'm going to do now. Yeah. To make sure they be there. Because last year was 25, competitors in my class, 2012, but this year, I think that is some people they're going to have to, they're going to have struggled. They're going to have problems. Tell me why. Tell me why Kamal O'Garney is going to be Schoen Clarida and Derek Lansford again this year. Why? So, you're going to tell me why you're going to be one's third in Clarida again this year? Because like I said, there is none finished business. I need to finish that. And I was doing taking that year, it's been taken from me. You know, I'm going to support. Yeah. Yeah. I want to support that. That's for. I want to support that. Actually, that class, the 2012, because we have a lot of things set up as well, like a big tour in America, as big tour in Europe for me. I'm branding. Everything is being canceled. So, it's like, yes, we want the title even branding. I mean, we haven't done much for last year, as we know, because of the situation. So, hopefully, we're going to come back and we do again this year. I hope so too. I mean, because you're right. You kind of got your, it's like I miss America winning the Miss America or Miss Universe title and she can't go on the world tour to kind of showcase that she's the most beautiful girl in the world. So, you know, that's the same, same philosophy. Now, you guys sent us this video. You deadlifting a little earlier today. And you're moving 500 pounds off the floor at almost 50 years old, like it's like a joke. How are you so strong with the adiabno injuries at your age? I'm moving that way because I need to win. I'm going to win that, right? The villain is with the strength as you see my technique, Dave, okay? With that video, that's how I train all my career. So, I feel that if I feel the way it's going to be heavy, I don't really drop the weights. You ask anywhere I train. I don't do noise. I don't make a noise whatsoever. I don't do it. I don't. If I don't do that technique, that means the weight is heavy for me. I don't know how the weight is not heavy. If 50 years old you're moving weight, that is 20 or something. 50 years old is my old man. We just started. My body can't do that anymore. Sorry. Yeah, I don't know. I've been blessed and I've always looked after myself very well. I've always eaten healthy. Dave, I've always, I've never liked him crazy with even the other supplement. I mean, my first competition was 1994. Wow. So, yeah, I've been competing since and it's like I've been training with them, like very, very careful. I've never like gone crazy. I've never like bang in that weight. Crazy heavy. Yeah. So, I don't know if you don't lift recklessly as what you're saying. But no, our strong. So, there's a difference. It's not like you're lifting lightweight. You're lifting heavy weights, but you can handle the weights. And I think that there's a difference between that because if you don't move those heavy weights, you don't have muscle like you have. That's for sure. But at the same time what you're saying is you shouldn't be reckless in the gym because that's how you get hurt. Yeah, exactly. Yes, yes, you go right. Yes, you go right. You're, I mean, in the food intake, do you find that as you've gotten older, you need less food or more food? Well, to be honest, I'm the man I'm eating a bit more because of we come to them. We come to the a point which is I started getting really leaner. So, and then we decided to put me nearly double my car. And we were taking about 200, 230 grams per day. As a car, now we eat, we nearly 400. Wow, that's a lot. That's a lot. That's a lot of food. How much protein you? Protein is about between 250 and 300. It's a defense like of days and training days. It's a lot of food. It is a lot of good. I'm struggling. I'm eating like God, I'm forcing myself at the moment because of the because of the time and these being postponed. We haven't started any car, you yet. We haven't started any fat burn as yet. I mean, still like training as no. Yeah, you got times. Here in about three thousand calories a day then. That's what you're saying. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It is, it is, yeah. It's a clean calorie high-click kind of clean, but it's clean. Yeah. I mean, that's not right. Do you cheat me off like on the weekends? Wow, every now and then, defense gives me like burger maybe once in two weeks, which is even the burger to be honest, it's homemade. My wife's make for me is not really a good thing. Oh, really, I wouldn't count it as a cheat for you. Yeah. This is me. I'm really, I don't know. I'm really fussy with my food. Even cheat mail. I mean, if I eat something like really is not in the list, really, I'm, I do really get upset. Do you? I thought, you know, I, I, I think that I, I think that a COVID quarantine like this for someone like you is actually an advantage. And I'm going to tell you why. Because you really can't go anywhere. You have no distractions. You have your own home gym. You got your own food. You're not going out to eat. You're actually more focused. I think because because there's no distractions. There's nothing to do except train, eat and hang out with your family. I think that for someone like yourself, this is going to, that's why you're so much better because there's not it. If you were traveling all over the world doing your world tour, you know, you would be, you wouldn't be eating right. You wouldn't be necessarily being at the train the way you wanted to focus. This is probably this little quarantine actually probably worked to someone like your advantage. You completely, right, you're completely right. I mean, to be honest, that's why, for me, I do refuse some tours like nearer to the show. This, this is again. I mean, they've really, really been more successful as a finance wise. Because I've always like trying to avoid any trip, anything to take me away from training, to take me away from my, my day routine as a bodybuilder. I really, I really refuse a lot of things, which it could make me, I have an offer to be like with the, with the, with the, with the president's son to be his personal trainer guy. They offered me a lot. When I was in Qatar as well, I refused to be, I refused to be his personal training with the, with the king's son as well. I mean, it is because I don't want to be out of my routine and that would be really sad. But you know, and if you were a single guy with no family, you probably would have gone because they would have let you train and do whatever you wanted anyway. It's just just who the hell wants to go all the way over there and then it'd be at their back and call. You have your own gym. I understand. But if you, if you were a young single guy, I'm sure you would have taken that job because you'd be crazy, that's right. I mean, I've done it when I was little, I had a chances with back rooms that before in Libya. I had these chances, but I don't know. It's for me, I've never worried about how much money I make to be honest. I've never been greedy. I'm happy what I have got. Yes, but it's, I don't know, it's something when you take me away from normal routine as a bodybuilding. I get lost. I really get lost. Are you sponsored by anyone, right now? Yes. I'm sponsored this year by BBI, which is BBI Sports in Florida, I think, which is not far from the way you are. I've got like sponsored with my Libyan Libyan Amel-By-Fone, which is a local Libyan mobile phone. I've got sponsored by what they call it, the powerhouse in Qatar and the supplement housing Qatar. I've got a few sponsor, yeah, I've got few sponsors that I've found, which is not that, this is not that. Yeah, it's good to take as long as you're being taken care of. I'm happy. Well, you know, I'm glad that you were able to chime in and talk to us today. And so, you know, impressed with how you look right now that I have to imagine that everything's going well. And here's the question I think a lot of people want to know. And you're, your buddy over there was teasing me. Early, you wouldn't tell me. Where are you staying when you come to the US? That's the mystery. That's the history. It's going to be a big history. Here we go. It's going to be just in you, and never never been said before. Anyway, I'm coming to the Dragon Jim. Oh, I predicted that. I said that. I said he's going to be training a maximum of the decision. Flex brings in all the people. I know I'm flexing Flex. He is a very good friend of mine. We have very close. We speak all the time. I get a lot of advice from him. I know he's a lot younger than me, but I mean, I met Flex actually when when I was guest-bose here in England, his was first junior show. He was first show in England. I was guest-bose in that show. So that's what I met Flex. And then since then, we've been, we've been contact and everything. So I went, when I've heard that lockdown happened and everything, I've decided to move. So I spoke to Chris and I said, what do you think? I'm thinking to go, yeah, I said, I said, I mean, check, whatever you feel, I feel like happy and I saw a spoke to Flex and I said to him, Flex, what do you think? He said, come out, shout out, man, come. I always love to you. Love you to come of all the stories. So yes, we decided to train and stay with Flex, hopefully. Are you staying going down? Sorry, you're living with him, too? No, no, no, no, no, no. I mean, to be honest, he offered and I said, no, I wouldn't be in field comfortable. T'be honest, even his wife, Alice, she's really made me more than welcome. But I would be my sponsor, BBI, actually, they are, they are arranging my accommodation over there. So they have arranged a lot of things for me as well when I would be there. But they're going to take care of everything over there. I think everything is set very well for me and hopefully, we're going to move, make the difference over there, hopefully. Good, maybe we'll get Flex, maybe you and Flex can do a little interview with me. Flex has been promised me and I know he's watching this, so you can call him, he out of Flex. He since he was exclusive with AMI years ago, he's like, as soon as I lose my exclusivity, I'm going to interview with you. They told me one of me to come through his gym, but I had kids and now COVID, so maybe we'll get you guys both on an interview from his gym, direct from the gym, Greg and Vela. I mean, to be honest, when I'm there, I'm going to make the most of it because I know Flex and his social media and who he is and everything is going to be in big. I'm going to take that chance to make the most of it. So, hopefully, to move even there as well, I mean, for me. I thought, you know, when they told me you were coming to the USA, said he's either staying with with Flex. I thought maybe you might say with Chris, but I said, now he'll only held the keyboard to that. He's going to definitely go, stay either with Flex. I thought maybe you were going to surprise me and say you were staying with Lundspir in the tan tan fan. That would have been a shock. You guys were trained. Well, I mean, I mean, probably, I mean, why not if we can a train do one said, why not? I mean, why not? I mean, I don't mind that. You're spattering with Haiti back in the day, right? They would number one and two. So, exactly. Why not? I mean, we train together. Listen, we are on mine. I mean, he's, that a client's for his, I mean, he's a young kid. He's, he's 26, 27 years old. He's got a long future in front of him. Right. But if we train together to be as a good family, this is what we should give to the world to go. That's what we should show. Well, as we, yeah, as fans, we like to see that anyway. That's fun to watch you guys train and battling it out in the gym. You know, it's something that maybe you can get maybe you get ones for the come down drive down to Boko. You know, and you guys have all trained at Flex's gym one day and film it. That would be fun. I'm sure the fans would love that. Yeah, it is exactly. So, we, we doing as this for the fans, for this photo sport and everything. Why not? I mean, if the fans, they would love to say that to see that. And hopefully that's the end of the day. It's up to Flex. I mean, that's his gym. Well, it'd be fine with it. Yeah. It's more publicity for his gym. But, you know, Flex is a good guy. He likes to help people out. Oh, yes. He's got a very good heart. And, you know, that's very rare and imbodies. You know, he's not, he's very unselfish. And he's, he's about, you know, helping guys that are coming up and giving opportunities. And I think that's what makes them a special champion. So, but come on, you know, it's great to hear that you're going to be out here in the US and that we're going to make sure we see you at that Olympia come December. Good luck with your training with your travels and keep us updated. Oh, yeah. Thanks, thanks Dave. Thanks for having me as well. I think you're not far from Flex. No, no, no. You might, I'm actually maybe like two hours to an hour. The problem is that, you know, with the COVID thing and the quarantine and I have kids and I just don't want to expose myself. It's otherwise I would be at Flex's gym definitely filming over there. But, you know, it's a little, for me, it's, it's too risky. If I didn't have a young kids, I would be doing everything, you know, but, oh, yeah, yeah. I mean, if there's anything we could, when we did, we do anything. Why not? I mean, right. Would be great. So, you guys will take a ride up. Maybe you guys will take a ride for me to my studios. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We'll probably do that. All right. All right, guys. Thank you so much for joining us in. Like I said, best of luck with your travels. Guys, it's going to take us to the end of another episode of Live With Brought to You by Species Nutrition. I'm Dave Palombo. We'll see you next time.