This is Dave Palombo with RXMuscle.com. I'm here at the 2011 NPC Oklahoma State Championships. I am here with Canita Maze, our women's bodybuilding masters and open overall champion here tonight. You switched from figure to bodybuilding. It was obviously a good choice. Yes sir. I like bodybuilding a lot better. When did you first start doing figure? You told me earlier that it was back in 2000. How many shows did you actually accumulate before you said, this is not for me? I actually did two back in 2003 figure competitions and then one last year at the West Texas when they told me I was too muscular for figure. What place did you come in at West Texas last year? Oh God, just way off, way way off. I like I want people to know how bad. It was pretty rough. I wasn't even in the top 10. I wasn't even in the top 10. Okay, so that had to be very frustrating for you. Right, yes, yes. I mean, I know a lot of the figure competitors don't like that to switch for some reason. When you suggest to them initially, you should do bodybuilding. It's like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I don't want to do that. Yes, but bodybuilding is, it doesn't have to be masculine. It can be really feminine and just look really, really great if you do it right. Now, next year, this is going to have a new women's physique division on the local level. Is that something you might do? Would you seem to like the bodybuilding to enough to stay with that? You know, I've struggled with that decision back and forth about whether to do the Z-C or the women's bodybuilding, but I really like the women's bodybuilding. Enjoy it. Yes, yes. How far do you see yourself taking this? Is this something you want to take to the national level now? Yes, oh, yes. I would love to go all the way with it. I would love to get my pro card in the women's bodybuilding. And would you have a time frame in your mind? I mean, do you want to wait a year or wait till next year? What's the schedule? That's my goal. Right now, I'm going to take a year off to put on size, get a little bit bigger, work on some of my weak points, and then go from there. If you had to be, can you give yourself some constructive criticism? What would you say you need to work on? Legs definitely legs. That is my weakest as much as as much as I try. And as hard as I work on my legs, I can just not get a bigger wider. And is it harder to die for bodybuilding as it then it was for figure? I think it was harder for figure than it is for, yes, for bodybuilding. This year I did something a little different. Last year I did a lot of the chicken and tuna actually toopia. And a spare guest broccoli brings this year. I did a lot of red meat. Four mills of red meat. Are you trying to pack some size, I'd say that? Yes, yes, yes. Because I straight down too fast, too easy. All right, can you name our women's open and master's bodybuilding champion here in Oklahoma City. For now, I'm Dave Palombo, our axmuscle.com.