Dave, a Lumbo here with an RX muscle news update. The Chicago Pro has led out. The Friday night festivities are over. Tomorrow will be the open today was the 2012 classic physique wellness and a few other categories as well. They did today and what a battle we had in that 212 division. Oh my god. Key on Pearson, the guy everyone was talking about. We wanted to see any skip the Olympia in 2020 after making a big splash in his debut in the 212 class after moving up from classic. Obviously winning that event in 2020. We wanted to see what he was going to look like here. We've been waiting and you know I didn't deliver. The guy made improvements. He's bigger. He's better. Could he have been a little tighter? Absolutely. But he has such a genetic gift between that small ways. The way he moves the way his muscle belly is flow. It's hard to beat someone like that unless they're really off. And he was not off here by any means. He could have been better. And I think he will get improved from now between now and the Olympia. But I mean this is key on Pearson's show to lose and he certainly didn't lose it. But having said that the other 2 guys in this class that play second and third, Muhammad El, the Sonny and second, Karat Badgell and third. So close that you can flip a coin. Really. I mean you can make a case for any one of these guys to win this event. That's how good they all are. El Desani, major improvements from last year as well. Pollished muscle, great hand presentation. The guy has got all the bells and whistles also that you look for it in a module. I mean the conditioning of these guys was amazing and all of them. I mean Karat Badgell might have been the best condition involved in it. I mean he made serious improvements from last year. I know I help him and man he worked his butt off. Literally to make it to this show and make a statement here. And he did. I mean top three of the level of caliber of athlete that was here. These guys are top eight all day long at the Olympia. I mean that's they're going to be in that group. We're going to see these guys battling on Olympia stage. This was a really really good 212 event here in Chicago. And you know what we knew as we started moving close to the event there, we're going to get better and better winters. You know, all the study just needs to maybe dial in in 1% and he's going to be date super dangerous. Karat Badgell another half of percent and he's super dangerous. We're going to see these guys probably in Tampa. I know we're seeing Karat. He's not done by any means. He's getting to that Olympia and he's got a fire inside of him. And I know he was upset that he didn't win and I don't blame him. I mean when you kind of hit your best and you have the old tools, you figure how can I lose right? And I'm sure every one of those three guys and I taught three felt the same way because they brought it and it was just that good of a line of it. And any other event we were seeing this year, each one of those guys probably wouldn't want to respect it, you know, there were 212 divisions. So great, great outcome here. Super exciting for the fans. This is what we want to see battles at the top of the 212. If he opened the classic physique division, that's what's making this sport exciting. And we have to congratulate, you know, Kion Pierce, and in doing what he needed to do. He showed up. He brought it. He brought enough to win here. And that's what he had to do. He's qualified for that Olympia. He's going to come in this year. And we're going to see this guy battling it out for an Olympic crown for sure for sure. And I know he's going to come back better. And we're going to see Karat bachelor with that Olympic. And we're going to see Mohammed Al Desanid that Olympia. So hats off to those guys, tremendous tremendous whip. And then if you take a look at the classic physique division and you see Darwin, you read that. I mean, this guy, these classic guys that come in out of nowhere. I mean, I don't think this guy was on many people's radar. He came in here and he delivered. You look at these pictures. This guy's got a beautiful physique. He flows. He's got conditioning. He's got presentation. That's what classic is all about. And that's what we love about classic. That's what I love about classic. And I can't wait to see this guy in Olympia stage. So congratulations to him. Look, a lot of great stuff happening in Chicago. Tomorrow, the open division we've all been waiting for. Really, winkler. Making his day to you, trying to qualify for that Olympia. Until a broader standing in his way. And among other guys as well. So we'll check that out tomorrow. For now, they're on game. Pull them both within our act. Muscle.