Day Palomo here with an RX muscle rant. Today I'm a little irritated and I'll tell you why. A study came out and I started a new station posted like a study about a report. I studied it was put out. It was appeared originally in the frontiers in nutrition and they basically did a retro practice study and looked back at people's eating habits and the people who were falling a key to genoc die and they made some pretty bold statements. They kind of led the whole thing was led by this one statement by this Lee Crozby who was a registered dietitian which really doesn't get a lot of credibility right off the bat in my book because registered dietitians are so brainwashed in eating certain ways that they don't really even have a very flexible ability to go outside the box, so to speak. I talked to a registered dietitian about how to get in shape or how to lose weight and you'll get the basic dribble you get in health class in high school. I'm not too thrilled about that right off the bat. They went into the study trying to just prove and try to put down the ketogenic diet. What they basically said is that typical ketogenic diet is a disease promoting disaster. That was the comment. Right off the bat. It's pretty ridiculous. I'm like, all right, let me see where all this diseases that they're going to list in this study are. All these people that are getting sick and they don't really show any statistics. They just basically say, well, according to these eating habits, this could lead to this. The way they base it on is that they think that all people who eat ketogenic diets eat red meat, processed meats, and saturated fat only is their fat sources. That's like saying, you know, following a moderate carbohydrate diet of all lollipops, snickers bars, and you know, juju bees is going to cause a lot of disease. Of course, it will. If you ate all sugar, you're going to probably make yourself the type when diabetic. But if you're eating a low carb version of that, that's just a crappy food. So eating a ketogenic diet just means that you're putting your brain in ketosis. What does that mean? The restricting carbohydrates, brain doesn't have a fuel source, switches its fuel source, it's a fat or a ketones, so to speak. White foods you eat to initiate that ketosis has a lot to do with that health of the person who's following the diet. So of course, if you're eating bacon and cream and, you know, pork rines and all the crappiest sources of protein and fatty acids that you can get, of course, you're not going to be healthy. Who would be healthy eating that crap? Would you lose weight? Yeah, because your insulin levels will be low and you'll be in ketosis and assuming you're not overeating, you will lose weight. But like I said, you could lose weight eating poptarts too if you only eat a little bit of them. That's the weight watchers diet approach, right? Just limit your amount of calories. So I think this diet, this, this study is very skewed off the back, because they're probably looking in a lot of people that don't eat right, that are doing these diets for eight weeks, they're fat, they're overweight, they don't know how to eat, they have no education into how to eat properly. So of course, you can make generalized statements like this. Now, there are main three dangerous groups that they point out is it's very dangerous for pregnant women to follow ketogenic diet. Now, first of all, why would a pregnant woman follow a ketogenic? Who diet? It's well, they're pregnant. Okay, no one does that. You might exercise to keep in good shape, but no one is dieting while they're, you pregnant, okay? So that's a ridiculous group right off the bat. The second group they say is, well, it could result in long-term kidney failure for people who have kidney disease, chronic kidney disease. Well, guess what? Anything can, why would a person in chronic kidney disease do anything that's going to, you know, put strain on their kidney, which would be any high protein diet, obviously. So that's an invalid group right off the bat. So it's not like the ketogenic diet is causing kidney disease. If you have kidney disease, a ketogenic diet could put a strain on your kidneys and result in long-term kidney damage. Of course, that's obvious. You don't put people on a high protein diet who have kidney disease. And the third group is, well, the third thing they say is, it could raise LDL cholesterol and lead to heart disease down the road. Now, we know, we know, and the American Heart Association has already admitted this, that eating a diet, even high-encaturated fat doesn't lead to increases in LDL. LDL cholesterol increases way, way more in the presence of high sugar intake in the body. So that's a skewed statement right there. Now, obviously, if you're eating the right kind of fats too, you could actually reduce LDL. So it does not raise LDLs. A good quality fatty acid intake, whether it be through supplementation or foods, or reduce LDLs. It happens. I've seen it happen in my clients over and over, especially as you're losing weight, those tend to go down as well. So those statements are kind of, to me, just like, throw them out the window. They say, you know, in this thing where they list in all the different things that can cause, they say it can cause cancer, increases in cancer, even though we know that a ketogenic diet actually reduces cancer in some of the benefits that give ketogenic diets to people with cancer all the time to starve the cancer. Now, it doesn't work for all cancers, but most cancers work feed off a sugar. You take away the sugar, you feed them, you get them in a state of ketosis. And a lot of patients can reverse the cancer from using a ketogenic diet. They're also saying that it can lead to more Alzheimer's disease and heart disease. That's just not, there's no statistics to prove that. That's just not the case. We know Alzheimer's is actually called type 3 diabetes. It's from an elevation of blood sugar, not being able to control your blood sugar. Your pancreas, not working properly, not producing an advanced insulin. When you're on a ketogenic diet, your insulin requirements are super low. Blood sugar is very stable because your body is not using blood sugar. It's not going up and down. So that these are these are idiotic statements. And they're made because what they did was look at an idea. The idea was that a ketogenic diet is must be all disgusting fatty foods that are mostly fat, no good quality protein in their all saturated fat. And of course, we know that all these bad foods are not good for you. So we'll just say that these foods cause this. And that to me is doing a disservice when you put some of you out there. And then it confuses people. People say, hey, I'm following a ketogenic diet. I'm getting really good results. And I'm not talking to even body builders. So I'm talking about the average person who wants to lose weight, who has trouble following a diet because when they're on a low carb diet, their blood sugars are all over the place. And they do much better on a ketogenic diet. To get the Mr. Olympia who doesn't want to do a ketogenic diet, we don't need that. That's that we're talking about talking about people who are trying to lose weight and be healthier. So studies like this or these reporting on sites like this are just not, and this is not a control. This is something they go back and look. We don't even know what the variables are. We don't know what these people are eating on a regular basis. We don't know how long they follow them. We don't know what their history was before they started following this diet. A lot of misinformation is out there. They dry and irks me because you can prove anything is bad for you. And anything is good for you. I've seen studies where they say Omega-3 fatty acids from fish oil, you know, God said they will cure you of everything. And then I've seen an absolutely opposite study to say they're no good for you. And so you can prove anything if you set the variables of your study as such. And why we play this mental masturbation game in research, nutrition research, I have no idea. We know what the tenants of research of nutrition are. We know what your body requires. Your body requires protein. It's in the amino acid driven organism. And then it needs a fuel source. Whether you choose to use carbohydrates or fats or both as the fuel source is up to you. And if you happen to respond well to a ketogenic diet where your brain is using fat as fuel rather than carbs and glucose essentially, then follow it. It's not going to be unhealthy. If you're eating good quality fatty acids and good quality protein, if you're eating lean chicken breasts and you're eating whole legs and you're eating lean sources of turkey and stuff like that and lean fishes. And you're incorporating nuts and avocados and good oils like extra virgin olive oil and macadamida oil, you're going to be a super healthy person. You're going to get all the health benefits of that, plus you're going to lose weight. So don't allow your mindset to be thrown off when you see studies like this come out because there's no merit to them whatsoever. They just withdrawing out a lot of stuff. When I read the headline article was quoting the lead register dietitian reviewer of the study because there really was no study. There's no researcher than just reviewers. When they see typical ketogenic diets cause disease, as a disease promoting disaster, right off the bat, I see sensationalism, you know, and it's greatest and they're trying to get headlines on this thing. If you have to sell your study by a soup, you know, soup.headline, you had nothing behind it. That's really what it amounts to. So guys, these smart read your articles with a real fine tooth comb, so to speak, and push away all the sensationalism and see if there's any substance there when it's all said and done. This article has no substance. I can promise you if you follow a ketogenic diet with healthy protein, healthy fat choices, you're going to be healthier. Day polonbo with an Rx muscle ram.