Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X Pro 30 year in a row. And what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry. It's a low-car capped hot tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to Legendary Foods Muscle in the Morning. I'm Dave Polimbo, and today is Tuesday, June 8th, 2021. And let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Sometimes I have to tell my clients that instead of guessing the future, they need to shape it. One of the best ways to do that is to create this sort of lifestyle and habits that give you the best chance to succeed instead of leaving things up to chance. So now that there are less than 10 weeks to go before he makes his season debut, now would be the time for Kevin Jordan to start doubling down on some of those old winning habits. Even though it's been almost three years since the last time he competed, you wouldn't know it just by looking at him. He still has all the size and shape that made him so dangerous only now. He's probably fresher than he's ever been at any point in his career, which definitely works to his advantage. So if you cannot go off the rust and the cobwebs, landing somewhere in the top six feels like a realistic possibility. You are certain extent contest prep is a little like bike riding, in the sense that you forget how hard it is until you're about halfway through. But once you're past the initial phase of discomfort, muscle memory starts to take over. And then before you know it, you're staring at the finish line. Now even though Melissa Valier is back on the proverbial bike for the first time in almost two years, you could already see some of that old muscle memory starting to take over. According to Melissa, right now she's planning to make a return to the Tampa Pro, but she also has every intention of making it back to the Olympia stage this year as well. People might have forgotten this, but two years ago she actually won the Tampa Pro to earn her second straight Olympia qualification. So the path for her to get back there seems pretty clear. Once she takes care of business in Tampa, it'll secure the qualification and free her up to use the next few months to go all out with her Olympia prep. Because once that first domino falls, it won't take long but for everything else falls into place. I know that we've been talking a lot about the two 12th edition and the Chicago Pro over the last few weeks. But I want to put another name on your radar, Alfred Shirek. Last week and I heard from a source that Alfred was tossing around the idea of making his season debut in Chicago with the hoping that it would put him on the path towards qualifying for the Olympia before it rolls around in October. Believe it or not, he actually qualified for the Olympia last year too because he placed third at the Europa in Spain at his pro debut. And that was the show that gave out qualifications to the top three of a handful of divisions because they ended up having to cancel so many contests in the middle of the season. I've heard people close to Alfred say that they believe he has what it takes to be a top 10 Olympian right now. So if he gets off to a good start in Chicago, those top 10 sentiments might not be as far off as some people think. Earlier today I read an article about something called completion bias, which essentially explains why our brains feel compelled to complete a task after we started. For whatever reason it's something that's hardwired into our DNA and it explains why the act of just going through the motions sometimes is so important. It's because once we start, our wiring drives us to finish. So with that in mind now that your Rishna Iala is starting down this path to become the first ever wellness Olympia champ, the wolf completion bias says that she'll be wired to see this all the way through coming into the season. There was a lot of energy behind your Rishna as someone who could come in and set the standard in this division and that still is true now as it was then. As long as she doesn't stray from the path, there's a very real chance that she ends up bringing this whole thing full circle. And that does it the yet another edition of Muscle in the Mornings. On day, Columbus reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on day's book, Twitter and Instagram.