Welcome back to live with Broughty by Species Nutrition Visit SpeciesDutrition.com. I'm Dave Palombo and tonight's guest is the Van Cover Pro Classic Men's Champion, Khaled Chikawi. Welcome to the show. Hey, thanks very much for having me Dave. It's an honor to be on your show. It's an honor for me to be able to pronounce your name right for once. I should have just contacted you right off the bat and said, how the hell do you pronounce your name? Now, now I'm an expert. But that stuff doesn't work. Most of the time I tell people how to say my name and then five minutes later they forget it. Now I got it. Khaled Chikawi, I'm never forget that. Now, you have an interesting story because you started embody building. You won the Canadian Nationals in 2016 winning the heavyweight in the overall. And you actually beat Chris Bumston in that show. A lot of people might not realize that. Talk to me a little bit about how you got into body building. Because you're one of these guys that have been all over the world. You were born in Tunisia. You moved to several different countries. How did you get introduced to body building? So when I was a little kid, I was kind of like late. He never really into sports or anything. But my big brother, he was like a lot into sports soccer football. He was always active and he got me off from being like lazy and I took me to the gym. I started and after a few months, you know, my body really reacted well. Some guys in the gym suggested that I do a body building show. I did and I've been hooked ever since. What's your was that that you started? The first competition I did was in Savannah, Georgia. It was in 2009. Wow. Was that when you were living in the United States going to school? Yeah, that's right. Yeah. I moved to Italy at the age of five. I lived there for nine years and then I went to Egypt. I lived there for five years and then I decided I wanted to learn English. So I was like, what's the best way? I'm going to go and, you know, immerse myself in the culture. And I went to Tennessee of all places for a map for a undergrad. And then I moved to Savannah, Georgia just for a year. That's where I competed the first time. How did you learn to speak English? Coming here. Did you have something, Lush, or any of you disposal? I mean, it was very little English that we had to learn in school. Maybe a couple classes, but it was really hard because like I was kind of like drop in the airport and I had no clue how to say anything. And you know, in Tennessee, they don't speak like in New York. I'm shocked you don't have a Southern accent from learning to speak there. I used to have a little bit, but you know, and it was very difficult, but I caught on. I think my my experience of learning languages made it to you. Yeah, you have a an accent. So what language do you speak? So I speak Arabic, if you need some kind, it's like Air Force dialect, the Egyptian flu, Italian, French, English, and some Spanish also. Wow, that's impressive. Now, see, I heard before that the Egyptian has a very noticeable, I guess you could say dialect because the funny story. I don't even want to tell the story. Why is the Egyptian different than the regular Arabic? I mean, I think that, you know, the main route of Arabic is the Arab, kind of like Latin is for all the languages. But the closest one to the real Arabic is Egyptian. Plus there's like a whole movie scene in Egypt, kind of like Bollywood. So all the movies that are Arabic are most likely coming from Egypt. I got you. So you can speak to a big Romney, no problem then, right? Oh yeah, no problem, fluency. But if I speak to Nizha to him, he probably won't understand anything. Really, that's interesting, that's very interesting. I'm fascinated by languages. I have no memory. I have a very terrible memory of memorizing words. I can't learn languages. I can learn the grammatical aspect of it, but I can't remember all the words. How do you remember all the different words from all the different languages? It's very, I don't know. I think, you know when I was born and I was very young, there was three languages going on in the house, right? Wow. It was the Arabic. I was an early, so I had to speak Italian and then I was going to French school. So it's like, yeah. Can you differentiate them? Do you think that you put them all together sometimes, you know? When I was young, I remember speaking Arabic to my Italian teacher a few times, yeah. So when you have someone talking and you understand, if you always recognize what language it is or you just know it in your head, you know actually I'm very strong at actually detecting the language from people's accents. Wow. There's an all over the place in a word and met a lot of people from so yeah, I love languages too a bit. Interesting. Interesting. So when you turn pro in 16 and you beat a really spectacular line of a guy's there and that's when all the young guys were really coming at a candidate, Bumster was in that line up. What were people telling you? Were you like, did you feel like, hey man, I got this. I'm going to be an open guy and I'm going to do some damage in the IFBD and you kind of went right into a pro show, right out of that Canadian national's win. Talk to me a little bit about what you were thinking and what was being told to you after you won that national championships. So you know, ever ever since I started competing in national in 2011, I was already a blessing for me to be in a national stage back then. I felt it was probably the highest I'll ever go. And then in 2014 I won my class for the first time as a light headweight. And then they gave me some pointers, the judges on what they're doing on and I took a year off in 2015 worked on all my lead body parts brought up the map. And I would say I was the most confident that year. And my coach was really really confident for me to the point that he told me, you know, I bet you you're going to win and if we do win we're going to jump into a pro show right away. So, but I didn't know what to step on afterwards because I was a heavyweight. Right. He opened the European team as I liked it all of you before. I was kind of skinny at a young age so it's hard to meet the main thing in a very heavyweight. Right. But through 12 was amazing for me. I love that class. It's just that I was, you know, year after year, shorter people kept showing up. Sure. And I just looked kind of like playing feet on the perfect you couldn't gain any muscle through the right. I mean pretty much. You know what the way we're doing it up exactly. So you did that you do the 2012 in the in the IPB pro ranks. You did the Tampa that year the following year you did what you do to Toronto something like that or Vancouver in 2017. And then you decide for 2018 like a lot of other guys that I've seen do this now you're switching to classic. What prompted that? Who helped make that decision for you and how did you know that was the right decision? So as soon as the class came out a lot of people around me people are like and my friends were telling me you really should do classic that that classes for you. Actually after doing Tampa for the first time as a 2012 one of the judges that I don't remember who he was but he came to me and he told me you should do classic that's what we're looking for. But it still wasn't a feeling to me you know the classic with the lower weight and back then it was even lower I think it was like 190 for my height. Plus the shorts you know it's tough to get out of the trunks and the fact that it was called the classic physique instead of bodybuilding you know right it's a little hard but you know it was always in the back of my mind because I saw Chris Bumsted jumping right into it and he was doing so good so fast so I was like you know they increased the weight and they changed the boxers and and maybe changed the name I would definitely make this way it's but last year they increased the weight to 200 pounds and I was I was convinced enough to do it. You're still out of sucked down 15 pounds to make that way I mean what do you have to do do you basically get down ahead of time but do you have to like basically dehydrate yourself the death to make that way class? It was it was the first experience with my coach right that Toronto was the first time we didn't know we were expecting we always had the same recipe for all the other contests but for this one it was like brand new he had an idea but it was really hard to make a make way. I think I was 210 pounds the night before it went in and we had to do sauna we had to do all kinds of crazy stuff to barely make it actually at the way and I was 2 pounds over and they gave me 30 minutes extra to loop the 2 pounds. Wow that's that's that fun that's not fun. So afterwards I just blew up right because I guess I was so dehydrated and every 8 that blew up and I was bigger on stage so you know it's funny because I was about 2 or 9 on stage as a classic physique and and I was about 2 or 9 on stage as a bodybuilder for 2 to 12. So that you really you really didn't change much so you didn't have to really lose any muscles what you're saying you pretty much had the same physique. Yeah that's what they did to move for me. So you you place second behind Terrence Ruffin who looked amazing obviously that Toronto show then you decide I'm going to do Vancouver. Obviously still in Canada it's not that big of a deal it's on the other coast but yeah I'm going to go do Vancouver. What were you thinking did you think you had a good shot at winning that? Actually I honestly felt like I had a good shot at winning the Toronto Pro not saying that taking away anything from Terrence but after the pre judging there was a lot of high around me I guess people are coming up and saying you look amazing I think you got this Terrence is amazing is an incredible poser and he had a good balance to his physique so it could have gone I guess both ways but when I lost I was still very happy with my placing and again the judge just told me I should go to Vancouver. You just bring the time to physique they gave me some pointers and I worked on that for four weeks in my coach and brought the new package. And you won and we'll see we're going to be seeing you on the Olympia stage in six weeks. Is that a dream come true for you? I think that was like beyond a dream for me I didn't even I never even felt like an ever step on that stage but you know I was kind of like a approach shows as like the humble guy I would I can hopefully talk by but confidence kind of built up and now you know I just hopefully people won't help me out I think I can bring something to the stage. Now knowing that you beat Bum said before and he was second in the world in classic last year do you feel that you have a good shot at making that top three? It was two years ago right that we had to battle and he was incredible on stage at national he was he peak I think he was full round shredded I got second I was happy to beat him and then he went on I think two weeks later to North Americans and you won this class right bro so I mean I think he's the only one I can compare myself to on the Olympia stage right so I beat him before I think anything is possible he made a lot of improvements ever since right ever since he turned broke but I have to so you know anything can happen what's with all this Canadian talent all the sudden we we never had all this Canadian talent all of a sudden the best guys are coming out of Canada what do you guys got in the drinking water up there I don't know we have the maple something secret going on there Southern's going on out of there I gotta find out what it is now you have an interesting background because you have a degree in software engineering you know where you can you learn well you tell us what it is what what do you what do you what is your degree in and what do you skill to doing I guess so in the United States I studied computer science and mathematics because I was always passionate about computers so and the next step was to do software engineering right so you can learn how to build websites and you know apps and stuff like that so that's what's the way I'm doing and I worked as a software engineer for a few years a project manager IT business analyst all the way up to operations lead and at that point I kind of kind of felt tired of working for somebody else because I had a baby in mind but I had like a project in mind and I've always been working on it on the side but I gave it my all since last year in September explained us what fit log is because you told me before the show and I think it's fascinating yeah so fit log is at college we had to create a thesis which was like a basically a product that combines two of your passions and so I created fit log Java simple Java based platform back then and it was just some an application that helped to calculate macros on a diet that that was it and when I showed it to the teachers and you know the judge panel of the masters they really suggested me that I should continue working on it and I did not just stop there right so so that's what I kept doing and I kept adding on features I was also a trainer throughout my time as a student just to make ends meet so I was actually experiencing what the trainer needed and I kept on adding all the features I was tired of reading diets and workouts on Excel sheets and words I hate it and emails and you know you don't remember who sent you what that sounds like man I wish I could have like a one stop shop for everything you ever need reminders diets workouts supplement protocols even like weekly everything so that's what I'm working on I've been working on it for the past four years that's they intensely anybody can go and try it it's for coaches, gurus and trainers or even fitness enthusiasts that just want to follow their diets it's free for the first three clients you put in there yeah and it's free for whatever if you're just using it for yourself right that's awesome that's a great service you're offering so anyone going there sign up for an account it's free download it you put your information all your macros in there and you got it made after your coach and you want to take keep track of all the clients that you're working with which is something I should do except them two ladies and enter all the people's names in there although I might do and I might have to hire someone to do it you could put all the names of all your clients in this week as to touch of your phone you can look up your clients see exactly with their eating taking supplements all that great stuff and and you'll seal the macros listed out correct exactly yeah so like I get to meet the client or we have a phone call schedule I just going to check what he's been eating what he's been training and then I just want to talk about right most of the time you have so many clients you forget to decline the dog on that what he's doing or sure eating so it's a cool way plus you can put reminders whenever like the diet is expiring so it reminds you to that's really what's the most important thing is when when they're coaching is expiring I think what happens is we forget a lot of times you know exactly so that's how I added this feature actually two months ago because I was losing money right as a like how come I made so much less than the last month and I remember that I forgot to count that clients and I guess since you don't like you seem like you don't care but I'm creating the app to make you seem like you care a lot I'm not just seeing but actually care because on top of things right I'm going to actually download I'm going to put a few clients and I'm going to see how I like it I'm going to test it out I think it's a great idea I love creativity too and it's something that you're passionate about it's something you can constantly make better and I'm sure people can submit suggestions to you and you can add on features to it correct? That's 100% like that's one of my kind of like model is I take all the criticism all the comments into consideration I add them onto my road map so that everybody feels kind of like they're building this right thing and I'll tell you like half of my features this year were from people on Instagram just I wish you could add this I wish you could add that and I'll just do it and all that sits mine right so it's very cool. What's your what is your Instagram account? It's Caled OFT and you have the liberty coming up now in six weeks obviously you're pre-preparing for it by the look at your face it looks like you're already ready are you pretty much in contact shape now? Well basically after doing the two shows it was really hard for me I guess back to pack my coach told me we need to step away so kind of like no like notice friction on diet do whatever you want for two weeks right and that's what I did I travel to Mexico and I came back into itself and I started the prep it's been hard you know because I guess with job with from all the sugar and stuff but actually this week I feel pretty good the energy levels are back and losing most of the water that I gave on the patient. Caled it went to Mexico for a vacation he came back speaking Spanish. That's the five days. And it's the list you'll be like NASA or Alcambotti pretty soon you'll have a language that you disposal. Yeah you want something look like that. And what if his languages was Egyptian too? So that seems to be the universal bonding language that everyone uses. Hey congratulations on the big win in Vancouver and the Lippi qualification and we'll see you in Las Vegas and hopefully we'll see you in that top five Oh that would be a dream come true man for real if you don't mind I wanted to just thank my sponsors ATP it's Montreal based it's like one of the best supplement company here. Basically we joined together last year they saw some talent in me I guess and we wanted to work together I never worked with anybody else but their their work ethic there integrity and honesty is really what brought me to want to work with them and people with that kind of values. Congratulations on the contract that's awesome it seems like everything's going right for you and that's that's the ultimate body of all this dream right to be able to do what you love to do get paid for it and be successful in competition and you got all that lined up pretty well right now. Yeah I'm gonna knock on some wood right after this. Very much for your done in my day. When you put hard work and you don't have to try to knock on wood or hope that things good things will happen to you kind of make it happen and that's what you did and I think a lot of people should take a note of this interview and see that you put a ton of hard work in you went to school you became a software engineer you worked and then you started your own business you know you live in the American or the Canadian dream I should say and you know you're your successful guy and you're doing things that you actually enjoy doing and I think that that's a great like a you you're being held up as a great role model for a lot of guys that watch the show and and realize that hey you know what if I'm willing to work hard too at what I love I can make it as well. Hey amen to that man I'll keep working hard on maintaining that image I appreciate the kind words. All right that's gonna take us to the end of another episode of live with brought to you by species nutrition visit species nutrition dot com. I'm Dave Pellonbeau and we'll see you next time.ck