Day of Logan Blumbo here at the Public Supermarket on a Saturday night everyone else is at the New York Pro. I am here with my wonderful family, not missing at what's of our Logan. We're going to do an ice cream review right? We're going to review some ice creams because I never do this because I'm not really an ice cream here but a little sick of the false advertising and the answer to the seventh of our piece games even though ice cream tastes good. It's the moment you get a stroke rush into the wind. You know, I'm lactose intolerant. I can't eat milk. Any kind of old products because of the lactose in it. My body just doesn't digest it. So I was really kind of caught by a prioris ice cream has a lactose free ice cream. So I'm like holy mac, well this is my all time favorite ice cream that I will be from prior. So I go in and look at being really enlist and you know what the first ingredient is? Skin milk. How do you have skin milk? Can a lactose free ice cream? You know having to find this, they put the lactase enzyme in it that you digest it and enzyme it supposedly digest lactose. That's what they do. They just throw a little lactase in everything. They say lactose free. This is not lactose free, my friends. This has got skin milk in it which is probably the worst offender if you're lactose intolerant. So very disappointed. The most deceptive marketing I've seen in this supermarket. Yeah, I went and I looked at the lactated ice cream. I didn't know lactate made ice cream. They're very notorious for their milk. And once again the first ingredient I see is milk. It's either skin milk. It's regular milk. Once again throw a little lactase in there. This is eating all the customers right? Look, we don't like that. Right? You say no no no. Say bad bad bad. Say that. Say bad bad ice cream. I knew you're good. Say bad ice cream. Bad ice cream. Bad ice cream. Okay. Let's go to the next one. Now, Arctic Zero is this is where the man is buying. Is a also protein ice cream I guess you can say that they use way protein in here. But they use way protein concentrate between no has lactose in it way way less than regular milk or skin milk or that they also throw the lactase enzyme in there and say it's lactose free. Which is not what this is way way better. Most of the time protein, the then fryers and lactate because at least it's they're making the tap the boost of the protein and paint the lactose down a little bit. It's not lactose free. Trust me. I mean this double ball there started. Now this is what really is an high-fine interesting. This I've eaten these yogurts before. This so delicious yogurts blow and show off to the yogurt. This is a dairy free product. They use coconut in place of the ice cream to give it that consistency like a coconut cream in there. And this would be the perfect choice if you wanted to go with a lactose free ice cream. But the problem is there is a lot of sugar on here. Not as much as in this other product that I want to show you. Which is the order of cereal or what's my other. Oh, no. Hagenas has a non-and dairy also ice cream. Okay, now this is interesting because Hagenas is very well known for their really good tasting ice games. Long enough to get the ice cream from the camera. The thing about this that I don't like is it's got a ridiculous amount of sugar in it. And of course here we don't like high-fifthus parts. This one's a little better. It's got some sugar but not a ton of sugar in it. So if you're going to go with the healthier choice, you know, for a dairy free ice cream, I would go with the so delicious bread. Now, if you don't give it crap, you just want to eat the best tasting ice cream. Just go for an old pag and that's what I know it. But once again, some of us out there are lactose and pome, we don't want to get a lot of stomach subset. These dairy free options are terrific. I suggest you give it a try. Once again, I would go with the so-to-licious. I mean, near yogurt. It does the bottom ice stomach at all. I don't get that crazy sugar rush app so I know it does never ridiculous the matter sugar. And it tastes pretty damn good. All right, Logan, any final words for the camera? What was your favorite color ice cream? What's your favorite color? What's your favorite color? The general. Is it a purple? Can you say purple? Purple, right? All right, Logan, Logan and Dave Mulan-Bow. Here with the man and Ari and Mulan-Bow as well, public supermarket. On a Saturday night, the night of the New York Pro, hope you guys are enjoying your ice cream and your keybeals. We'll see you next time.