Old school body building clothing company. If it's been three and a half hours since you last ate protein, now you're starting to freak out, you are old school. If watching someone sit on a hammer machine for five minutes between sets playing with their phone, pisses you off, you are definitely old school. Cookie Monster blew in my cup. This cookie Monster made it through three of my kids and I'm telling you this thing, it was hurled at the wall, blown down, beaten on the floor, and it still told it, held it, you're, hey, how many times was it, held it, yeah, couple times. I'm shocked that made it through my son. My daughter's weren't quite as rough on it, but this every time they would cry, we would give him cookie Monster. Is it just, is it just me or the more I look at it, he just looks like every time it's Smith. Yeah pretty much. He throws at some point on his head. Oh, very nice. That's what it's, that's what it's, looks like. But he loses his white cat. Yeah. So he made, I don't know, I was supposed to get thrown out when my wife is throwing out all these things, they don't want to keep it. Keep it. I said them. Keep. He made it. Yes. Beautiful. So the Arnold Classic list was released, and then they extended it by adding Nick Walker and Ruley Winkler, which I think was a very good decision on those guys part, and the Arnold people adding them to the list. We very rarely do we see people adding once they've, once they've put the list out there. Sergio, I'll leave a junior head made a colt arms, you know, two weeks ago and say, hey, why doesn't everyone just do this show? This should be the Olympia Midas from Big Ramey, and that's what happened. Are you, do you think that's a good move on the competitors part? Yes, but as soon as I see now as added to the list, I said Sergio, I'm asking you to say thank you very much for lighting the fire under somebody's eyes and making the Arnold. But when you look at it now with this line up, the Olympia's going to always be the Olympia, but I think sadly, I'm not sadly, but it's great. More people I think are going to talk about the Arnold because, as we've said, the Arnold isn't setting stone, whoever comes into best shape can win it, whereas okay, the Olympia, if the Mr Olympia comes in, Ramey comes in shape, we pretty much know who the Mr Olympia's going to be in second and third, but the Arnold Classic right now is wide open to anyone, and you know whoever wins that, it's going to be the four runner going into the Mr Olympia. Sure, some other guys who might get second and third at the Arnold can change in a couple of weeks and come in better, but you know, ever when's the Arnold's going to be the one gun and for Big Ramey come to the Olympia? And you know, I felt like the last couple of years guys were calculating what shows to do based on who else on the show, and this seems like the first show where guys were just like, I'm going in, I don't care who's there, because let's base it, you've got bone-acadent line up, you've got really in that line up, those guys are insumeds, you know, they're top five Olympians, you know, and a lot of guys say, hey, why should I do the show? I can't beat those guys, but we're not seeing that, we're seeing guys saying, you know what, I could beat them, I want to challenge them, I want to be compared with these guys. I think it's a good move, I think it's great for the Arnold and great work. Well, that's a silly way to think that really, because yes, if somebody's in a hundred percent shape and different shows may be a camp beat, and but look at me, I've probably never before, a big Chris Cormillo or Dexter Jackson or Ronnie Colman or Jay Colman, but I beat or that was like, as long as you keep coming in your best, if they just slip a little bit, you can beat anyone, anyone can beat you, that's why you never know, so you just got to give it but it got to be like teams saying what it teams say, good at the super vote of one of the Super Oldest many times, we can't play it in. Yes, you can, because everybody has a bad day, and if you catch them on a bad day, that's your good day. So I just interviewed last yesterday, we haven't put the interview up Aaron Baker. And Aaron Baker, if you remember, went again, Flex Wheeler at that. It was like, it was like a little mini tour before the Olympia. It was like my MVP. She was, it was a couple. There was three shows in a row. They used to be on man. And there was another one. And he ostensibly beat Flex. I mean, a lot of people beat Flex. Aaron, I think Aaron's wanted a most guys who got screwed so many times, because he almost looked back then he almost looked like a Kai Green, just his fitness and his density and stuff. And even Aaron, he was an artist and he was very flanned, buoyant with his costumes and stuff. So he was probably like the early 90s version of Kai Green and stuff. And there's another thing we could have called a green coming to the Olympia this year. So I don't think we're seeing Kai Green. So I'm going to ask you on out. He said he's doing it. Did he say he's doing it? Well, I see and there's a lot of these other things have been coming up saying that he's in. So now he's teasing. I don't think there's no Kai Green didn't say he's doing the Olympia. He hit a couple. Let's just let's just say he's doing it because it pisses people. Let's say the I think we pre-smoke it especially in the Olympia. Let's start that rumor. Yes, the miss Olympia. I can do whatever I want. Yeah, and you can. We'll be in the Olympia. Well, it makes Olympia a day before and the miss does the day arts I'll do both because I'm non-binary. I'm sure I'm flue what is it on gender fluid? It's actually. We're going to qualify though. You have to qualify for the Olympia first. Oh, I probably call a fine bikini a work my way up. That's a tap of the tap of first. I'll be qualifying. I'm qualifying. What's that you are? Well, I'm wellness. I don't know if you can. Did you see I'm speaking of fluid gender and stuff like that? I did see I was very, very beautiful that I forget his name on ReK someone or someone the transgender one, the Miss Nevada beat out 21 women. I saw you sent me. Is that the one you sent me? That clip. Could have been, yeah, but it's like look, they do already have a Miss transgender Miss America and Miss Universal stuff. So again, I got nothing against transgender people if that's the way I want to live their life. That's how they feel trapped in a body. But I'm sick of seeing men turning or changing to women and then competing with women. It's not right. Here's some girl. Her whole dream might be to get to the Miss Universal or Miss America. And she gets beat by a main in the Miss Nevada. When it comes to like beauty contests, it's like if a man could look more beautiful than a woman, then he deserves to win. Don't you think? It shouldn't be called Miss Nevada. It should be called the Nevada beauty contest. That's all. And if you want to be a man. Can you imagine what this does to a woman's psyche that you get beat by if you're a woman and you're a beautiful woman. You've had all these cosmetic surgery done. You're boots on your face and a man can turn either a woman and look more beautiful than you think about what this does to your psyche. And I can hear her body build up and a woman became a body builder and she beat you. It would be like, oh, Jesus Christ, the Bansie Gav. Well, it was like NASA. I told Nastro's somebody. I saw him after the Dallas Europa show one year and we were going up the escalated together and I'm like, uh, so I had placed like eight or something like that and he was really obsessed with things like I'm like, oh, Jesus, or we've talked to him. He placed, yeah, maybe he works. And I said, NASA, what what do you think happened? He goes, oh, you know, these these morons, they have judged me incorrectly. I have lost to a blind man. You remember Greg Rando, Greg Rando, my feet, I'm like that. He was so, I think if anyone else would have beat him, he would have been alright. But the fact that that a guy who's blind, which I don't know what that has to do with anything because he had a pretty good physique, the fact that the blind guy beat him, you know, the Greg beat him was so insulting to NASA's like intellect that he couldn't handle it. You know, he's going crazy. Why even why you've been giving him an award? He can't even see the award. You wouldn't know what it says on there. You could give him a certificate of the 15th place. He cannot read it, Dave. Why give me, he was so kind of descending NASA. I was like, I almost feel like saying to myself, you know what I believe it. NASA actually fucking probably deserved it. Just said the kind of silence as he got a little bit. But also, too, we had to um, Gwen, Gwen Blackberry. I mean Gwen Berry, but she's a Black woman. But she I'm turned her back on the flag and we've won the ant from play. It's like, come on now. Come on. But you're there as an American team. You know, the individual, you're there as an American team. Right. It's like, even if it looked to me, it's like these athletes have such a big profile. I'll lip, this was the US Olympic trials. We're not talking about the Olympics. This is the, the trials. It was there. I know, I know the Olympic committee. I know the American committee said they can do that little protest, but the actual Olympic committee said, no, they won't stand for any protest on the podium, which is how it should be. It's like these athletes have a big platform protest anywhere else. But you go back to the old days, Jesse Owens, he can feed it over there and journey when Hitler was around. He made a protest. But when you read his stuff, he did it for the country, not against the country or against the protests. The protesting of the Olympics is not quite as bad as protesting a the US Olympic trials, which is building the team for the US. If you don't like this country and you don't want to be a part of the team, USA then don't do the fucking Olympics under our flag, go compete in other country. That's what I think it's a story if you're going to the Olympics in protesting because some other country is oppressing people or this terrorism and you're trying to make a statement. But if you're representing this country and we're feeling a team and you're not happy with this country, then don't go to the trials, don't be an athlete for this country. It's exactly you take a somebody else's spot, but you're protesting the country and the flag, the country that's given you order rights and everything to be there, to be a top athlete, to represent the country. She's worth like 31 million. So this country is given you the opportunity to do what you're doing and make that kind of money and now you want to turn your back on. Look, sure everything there's things that can change in the country, but go after big things like maybe schooling in the cities or the 52 young kids that have been killed and shot and murdered this year in those communities like protest, real fucking things, not the silly, oh I'm a press, but yet here I am representing my country. I've got the dude a thing I love and I make a millions of dollars. Come on, who's worth 31 million? That woman? Yeah, she is. Yeah. For what? What does she get money from? I think they came out just with her contraction stuff like that. I think she must have a make up contract, did you see the make-up she was wearing on that thing? Like the I like, she should go into the powerlifting, she got a strong neck hold up, there's I Lash, she's like the I Lash is already sparkly stuffy, the gender red lips with the black line down there. Yeah, I don't want to, when I first saw her, I didn't read it, as soon as I saw her fight I went, oh fuck another means one of women's events. That's what I thought, when I saw that lip thing I said oh no, I'm going to go fucking tattoo that I was fucking face now, I know it. But then I was like, you can do good prejudice, who was the, I think at his name back in the day when he stood up there and he held his fist in the air. Oh for the black panthers. Yeah, I was watching, yeah, I was like a vet. Yeah, but he said even then he goes, what he meant by, he goes, some of the people took it their own way when he did that, he meant to open his hand, meaning we're all in this together, this represents all the people and we're in it together, like as a whole, but he never hit a guy's brain. It was seriously forgot to open his hand up, yeah, I don't know. Look, you know what, when you're on that Olympic podium, you can do whatever you want because you're you, you won. When you're feeling a team to go to the United States, you know, for the United States, you're the Olympics. You gotta have team unity there, otherwise, it's like every man from self. That's not the way it's supposed to be. The Olympic games are feeling a team from your country to compete against all the other countries. That's supposed to bring us together. If there's a political statement you want to make after you win the Olympic games and you want it when you're being interviewed, then do it. But don't, don't, you know, don't do it at the Olympic trials. That's not the right value. Well, did you read about the train's gender B and Mixer rider? Did you read this statement? We're looking at a E sheet, but the the train's gender B and Mixer rider. He's or her plan. Excuse me, is the get a gold medal? And he actually said this in the interview, the get a gold medal and while on the podium, burn the flag in protest against America in their treatment of transgender people. I'm like, you're going to burn the flag. I got the podium. Like if that's your right, I think it should be a right of the Navy, seers and special forces. You're for your country, the thought for your rights, to come and beat the fuck out of you. Yeah, if you light a fire on the podium, you deserve to get shot, you know, because you're in the army. Some people respect the flag. Some people reflect this, I mean, respect the flag. They're much better. I remember, we're going to set the John even like when he's to go to Nascara, Bench, you get these parachute, is it coming on parachutes with a flag on their leg? Right. I was like he said the flags never meant to touch the ground. And those guys as soon as they land, they scramble as quick as they can and keep that flag from the ground because they respect it so much. Now we have these other people jumping on the flag, burn in the flag and stuff like imagine, imagine if she was competing for Russia or China and she tried doing that. Oh, yes, it's it's returning home. We've never seen it again. We don't know what happened. We don't know what happened. We don't know how it's funny. But all these people that do these rebellious things years later when the interview him 20 years later, they always regret it. They always like, wow, I was immature. They realize what a dumb ass I was doing this stupid thing. Here you are, you work your whole life to try to be the greatest runner or the greatest, whatever athlete in the world, win the Olympics. I mean, that's the, that's the highest honor you can win. And then you go do it and you act like an asshole on the stand or something like that on the podium stand. I mean, everyone dreams of what are being on that stand here in that national anthem? I mean, the idea just thinking about it, I bring tears to my eyes if I put it ever to a person. And these are the flag. I'm going to burn the flag. I imagine. I said, I could just imagine that feeling like it's in. Being on that podium with the gold medal around your neck, stadiums full, seeing the American flag or whatever flag country or with rise up and they're playing your ant for me. Because you imagine that feeling that the whole country is behind you and what you've done that's like, these athletes like I said, there would be a big profile. They can make their little statement somewhere else. But not on the, you know, we'll stay together. The guy, girl, whatever, I guess it's a woman, a man that the transition to a woman or is it the other way or I mean, the fact that they've completely may be maybe a transition to a black out and not the fact that they're able to compete in the, you know, the sexual division that they choose, that right there is saying a lot for what this country is done and the Olympics is done. They should be, it should be ingratiating themselves. They should be celebrating that not protesting something else from the past. Well, that's what we're going to, I'm going to burn the flag because we were oppressed for the last whatever, 100 years, rather than saying, you know what, thank God that now we're not oppressed and now we can do this, even though it's probably not something that that should have been allowed. And, and, and, and I'm going to celebrate that. But I watched Stomony in the view. We've scotty pippin and he was talking about stuff and he was talking about, let's feel Jackson wasn't the coat, late, um, Lakeers' coach and that coming going. He was talking, they said, you think Phil Jackson was racist? What do you think? And this sort of stuff, see, say any was, that's what I'm saying, I'm thinking, what? And then he's talking about who's, um, one of the games, they put um, this rookie guy in who was white. And he said, that was a racist move because I'm scotty pippin and I'm the heir of parent and it was my team these people there. I'm like, really? I said, Phil Jackson, he's to play basketball, where the majority is black. And then what type of racist would have that job where everyone around you is black, you're coaching a black team. Is this people lost his fucking mind or something? And then how many meals does he work again? Another press man, he's like, I'm just seeing the clean people lining up at that job. What's the job in tail? Oh, we got a trail. Yeah, that sounds great. Yeah, I love them people. I've got to come hang around. Yeah, I could have been really pippin saying that thinking, my god, it's like, it's this whole new era of, this or something that I don't, I'm not catching onto or something, but, oh, it's just like, how do we be more outrageous and make a bigger statement that I, I, I hear on the news, I just heard it today and the news report, he had had Trump on because he's going down the Texas and that he's talking about the war, talking about, yes, going to build the war. The report, he goes, yes, he did say that because you know what he said, we're going to paint the war black because black is a color that makes it so hot, but be hard to climb over, sort of war be painted black and he's like, I can't believe he said that he's going to paint it black, I'm like, well, black doesn't track teeth black is a hot color. I've been out of trying to turn this into a racial think because he said he's painting the war black. It's a lot of easy to keep clean too, that I mean, that, that's not like a match that really gives you a black wall, right? Imagine the graffiti on a white wall, yeah. Yeah, you know, as you say, we live in a society where everyone is offended by everything, you know what the truth is? No matter what anyone says about me, I don't even listen to it anymore, it doesn't even, it just bounces off, I don't even care anymore. So I'm just, you know, I just agree now when people say Lee, you're a racist, you're a racist, like, yeah, I am, and then I go find that picture when I did the TV show wearing the white power shirt, I got to picture on the white power shirt, like that, and I send it to him and I said, this is just for you. Oh my god, you're wearing a white power shirt, like that, that's not from that, from that comedy TV. I'm going to, I'm going to send this to everybody, I said, you go for it, made a Sunday Instagram page, but you send it out. I just agree now, everything like, oh, yeah, I did it some of the time the others racist because they didn't like the illegal is coming over. So I got no problem with the illegal is coming in, just come to proper channels, I said, because yes, they want to come for a better life, I got no problem with that, they want to come to America, get jobs, they're family, I got no problem with that, but you got to work out who's, who's, who's bad, and we didn't like, I said, I tell them, when you go to bed tonight in America, leave a front door open, that's what you're going to do, because as people at their under streets in America who might want to warm me off, they might want to watch TV. So when you're upstairs with the kids sleeping, let them come in, I said 80% of probably nice and friendly, they just have a sandwich from your fridge and much a bit of TV, maybe one will come and kill you, but leave your door open, take that chance, who's that down there? Who's that down there? Who's that down there? So, at the end of the day, however, I got to cut you for one second, I got to think, you know what, those movies, though, where someone is in the house, and they come out looking, the movies, they come and they go, is anybody there? I think, why are you on the book, Laryn, your house coming to kill you, and you go, is anyone down there? Yeah, just just, let me, I'm coming up to slide. Yeah, there's a scariest movie of like someone in your house, as you remember that movie, a stranger is calling, oh, you're when a stranger calls, or the stranger calls, and the baby said they answer the phone and the guys out in the house already, it's calling when the police, when the police call back and they go, with Trace the call, it's coming from inside the house. Yeah, that was scary. They actually remade it, did you see the remake? No, no. That's not bad, but I remember the original, yeah, it was like that, because you keep getting that call, and she's like, where is it? Where is it? Where is it? We were kids, because I think, because where that one ends, I think the remake goes a little bit further. Yeah, but it goes, the call is coming from inside the house. I was, I was terrible, I was terrible, I didn't want to go to sleep, but I don't want to have the babysitter, and why did you get him? The funniest, the funniest booth, and that was remember when they screen movies or if they're like, yeah, yeah, yeah, the guy in the mask, yeah, I'm watching you, yeah, she goes, I can see the behind it curtain, he's like, oh, I can see you, you don't know, he's she goes, I can see your feet sticking out from behind it, he's like, oh, he's trying to hide. Yeah, that was so funny, it's not pretty funny, as goofy as they were. It's funny, all the people they, it was found like the the biggest basketball case, like to do that, like the Anna Nicole Smith was in one of those movies, right? Lindsay, oh man, was in one of those movies, right? Common elector, I think was in the comments on her food, trying to enslave motion as he's tracing. They're like, let's find who's the most the most f-dupped person in Hollywood right now, we'll get him a bit. We're getting Lindsay Lowhand, you know, let's get her in the. There would have been a list of them all along, you'd be talking about if that people. Yeah, yeah, I go now, especially now. What do you think about the whole Britney Spears thing? But she's trying to get control for life, do you think, uh, you think she's doing? I think she's sure, it was like, yeah, it's something that stuff that's came out, now that I've had control over and stuff, and she wasn't allowed to get pregnant and stuff like this, so yeah, it's kind of weird, right? Yeah, you can probably understand why someone might go a bit mad, because you could imagine you have it all that money, but yet cause you're so controlling and having stuff like that, we'll have for that happen. Well, they can happen if you're being brought up that way from a young kid and someone's got that much power over you and he's got control of your money and stuff. It's quite, it's just like saying how do these people who have no money get locked in a basement and someone's house for 10, 15, 20 years and you can't get a white stuff because of God knows what, quite in the basement. I'm not talking about you. I see you by the curtain. Right down there. All right, now you break before we wrap up this little party, who's going to win the Arnold Classic? You have a prediction? Oh my God. No, I don't because there's so many good names going in that out now with Bonnet, Nick Walker, Ruelli. No, who do you think? Who are you betting man? Who would you bet on? I couldn't because, however, it's a big debate that's going to be like, even if Ruelli said he's best, Nick Walker said he's best, Bonnet said he's best. Everyone at their beneath the woods. I would not have to see him on stage because everyone has good shots, not to everyone has weaknesses. So off the top of my head now, I wouldn't be able to say until I actually saw him say things like that. Well, I don't think I don't think anyone can be ruling wingler. He comes in and is bad. Oh, I can see him at his best. So I don't that's, you know, the tall order on the, down anything, down anything, I worry about Ruelli is because we haven't seen him back up there for a little bit. I hope he just doesn't come in to the new thick which might distort some of his lines. His masses, now one's going to cut you him on mass, but everything else maybe someone comes in like I said, if he comes in that thick remember like someone, I don't have anyone's going to come in soon. I bet like a Sean Roden where it's like the mass but also more lines. So we're at that might balance it out. But there's no short run to be in Slater that's the only problem. Yeah. Exactly. But yeah, because like, Nick Walker's thick even onack for his hideous thick. So I know I've left a lot of good names off their Sergio even. So it's like a keyway. I mean, the keyway. The keyway. The keyway. The keyway. The keyway. The keyway. The keyway. Whatever. Whatever. I guarantee whatever. The top five or six top, finalists are a bit when they're called really if they're all at this best, whoever gets fifth probably could have been first, whoever got fourth probably could have been second. There's going to be, I think it's going to be one of those shows where we're at a placeings and up if it had a changed either way. I don't think anyone's going to complain because the guys are all that good up there. So when they like I said, it's going to come down to opinions and little mind you to like things. Well, I guess we won't really know until the show takes place. But that's the exciting part. We get to take guesses and figure out, you know, who might do what? And you know, I think that's adding a level of excitement to the pre-Elimpia build up. And then obviously whoever wins the Arnold Classic, we're going to be able to have to say, is this the next guy who's going to be around me? That'll be the next. Who knows? There's still time in the building saw it. It would be in a week or two, added to the line up, Hardy and Rami. Well, I don't think we're going to see Rami, but I do suggest that we would talk about that on S. Dave with Sid and I said, I'm sure of surprise because I know Hardy's coming in early this year to train. Why wouldn't he shoot and jump into that line? I'm sure he could use the 100 and whatever 20 grand that they give in a way first prize. Well, sure he could. So good. Rami, if you wanted to. It's like, hey, he can. I don't think Randy. I don't think Randy will risk it. Here's the reason why Randy wouldn't risk it because if Randy doesn't win, now going into the Olympia as the raining champ, and he just lost to like, say, let's say a really winkler, that's going to lower his stock quite a bit. So I don't think we see Randy in that line up, but I think we might see Hardy jumping to that if they would leave it open to, you know, be able to invite him. Hey, you're saying, Rami, you're saying, Rami's not going to come into panic mode and go for the armour. Puss on. He'd have to come in real early and go stay with DJ for three months for it. Let's start. Let's start the panic mode. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, like panic mode work for him. So you should be doing panic mode every year because he doesn't have funny little things you can say in a snippet in a clip like this and people run with it like, oh my god, Dave thinks he's panic. Okay. Well, we had a very entertaining day. We're going to wrap this up. I want to say it's the first, you're still in June. It's the first to July. Thank you very much. So is that the, so you're in winter, you're in the heart of winter there, right? Yes. Yes. It's cold and rain. Yeah. Had the fire gone last night. That's why I said, I know I got this faint when I turned the light on the faint come on. It feels like a nice, nice cheer coming down. It's so bizarre because, you know, here we are. It's like the end of our day. It's the beginning of your day. You're in the winter. We're in the midst of summer. It's like 95. It's a quarter. Quote, quote, just 70. Well, I want people to know when I got up at four o'clock this morning. I checked my phone. Hey, Lee, ready to go anytime you are. Okay, Dave. I just got to get up and do a few things. How about half an hour? Oh, how about a 45? I can't have a go. I got to go this. Okay. What about this time? It's like Dave tells me whenever you're ready to go. Lee, we're ready. Well, two hours later. You know I'm always late. Here's the thing. My wife said, my wife said, he's probably doing another show. No, he's probably, I got a fetish talk into someone about snakes. The one that comes on, you're on the phone to someone about snakes. Here's the real quite date. Dave, Dave, the cup's fucking him. The or I now. Yeah, I'm very good. Let me give you some. Here you go. If if if the earth is really flat, the Jimmy the ball says, how is it cold there and it's fucking hot here? As a July first he went at still June. I think about it night and keep me up Lee. I love you man. We're going to wrap this up. Five days five days. This is my birthday. I'll take cakes. I'll take those pop tarts. Can I get the pop tarts in my face? You're a orange a life fourth. July six. Oh, so six. Oh, because it's June for each life first. They're already out. Yeah. I like that. Welcome then a party. It would have been much nicer. You should just help me for your born July fourth. Then you can really be like an uncle Sam, you know. No, I feel like my birthday. I feel like my birthday is more important. So I had to separate it. I got you. Okay. Well, my sister's born in July 12. So she's pretty close to you. My nephew, my sister's son is born July fourth. So it's his birthday. Actually, what year were you born? 19. What? 72. Oh, you're actually six days older than my sister. My sister 72 also. I don't know. See? There you go. I'm believable. Yeah, pretty cool. But I'll take cakes. I'll take cakes. I'll take down. That's whatever anyone wants to send me. Thank you very much. So you're going to be 48. 49. 49. Okay. Wow. Come on. I can't wait to hear you. What do you want to figure this out at a morning? I could look so good. How do I do it? Yeah, your hair is looking very, uh, very well manicured there. You like that? I put a bit of gel in it. So when I got up in the morning, I don't need to add any gel. Just put water in it. Go like that. Ta-da. Came out perfect. You should get, you should grow a mustache in frost out too. I really can't because what happens is because I got lighter hair naturally. Even though it bleached a bit. When I do grow a mustache, your beard, there's like light hairs in it. So it'll be dark a few light hairs in a gap and then. Do like a whole kind of thing. Diet like black, you know? Like he did. And that's like I got the main. You look like this piece is missing out. No, don't do a beard. Do a much do one of those little like, you know, Joe Eater mustache is like black, Manhattan. You can just, uh, just kind of like black black men with the frosting. He would love you. He'd sign you to another contract. He did that. Guaranteed. I don't know why he doesn't talk to me. Dave, I try to, I try emailing him and every email I got at bounces. You're blocking me. I think he's blocking the email. Is it your block? All right. The best stick. I had the best stick pick too. And I was going to try to send her. All right. Could you? We'll see you next week. Guys, they pull up a leaf priest. Iron rage. We're out.