After working hard at the gym, you need a mattress that works as hard as you do. Spinaline has engineered the perfect mattress for you and your active lifestyle. Don't compromise your recovery with inferior sleep or to your spinaline mattress today. After working hard at the gym, you need a mattress that works as hard as you do. Spinaline has engineered the perfect mattress for you and your active lifestyle. Don't compromise your recovery with inferior sleep or to your spinaline mattress today. Spinaline has engineered the perfect mattress for you and your active lifestyle. Don't compromise your recovery with inferior sleep or to your spinaline mattress today. The rush begins once pre-workout vape. I'm Dave Polumbau, founder of Spices Nutrition. I created Spices Nutrition with one mission in mind to provide bodybuilders and serious athletes with no nonsensoplements that work and are backed by science. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body and that lives on in the Spices Nutrition line of products. We use only top of the line formulations, toast for maximum results and the best flavoring systems available. I put my name and reputation on every bottle of Spices Nutrition products. If you want to be in your apps, you'll best join the evolution. Oh, you're funny. Oh, it's like I say, like I say, like I say, do you like my tailbone for a shoe? Welcome back to Iron Raid. I'm Dave Polumbau here with Lee Priest with his new flat top haircut. What's all that all of that? Well, it's almost a flat top day. When you go in, why is I hate this fucking thing? I'm looking at, I'm crooked or something. Go on the opposite way. That's called old age. I like that. I'm a totally sorry. I can come back out of quarantine. I'm looking this way. Yeah, I went to the bar with a, what I try something different. Again, I'll go back to the old 1998 staff flat top. So I did. You go in there. You have a photo even. I even took a photo. I like, look, I want like this. And this is how you know when you're in trouble in the bar, but has this little bit of smell of alcohol on him? Any, any looks of it like this. Oh, shit. So if he's partly cross side and smells of alcohol, I'm like, oh, this ain't going to turn out good. So he starts cutting and I'm like, no, no, no, no, you got to do a bit more here. I'm glad you teach me. I'm like, you want to come barber and then he's doing this. So he finally get the something. I'm like, why didn't you stop him? I said no, because at this point, and now what I've told him what I wanted and I showed him, I want to see how he's interpreted it. So I want to see what I've said. I want to flat top. He's the photo. I want it like this. Now I want to see what I've told him. I want to see what he heard in his head. So I'm just watching what he's doing. And I'm like, you're really not crooked. Maybe it's your hair that's crooked. Maybe that's the problem. But I think, you know, what is hair grows back in two weeks. I'll go see my normal guy and he'll be like, you'll straighten it all up for me. But I didn't turn it out too, man. Yes, we're doing good. You know, it's funny because you have such a good head of hair. It's such a, you know, an advanced age. I'm kind of a little jealous to be honest with you. But what do I do, sky was going. I was losing it pretty quick. Yeah. I'm looking at the fucking new. I'm like, oh, so when I was done, when I was done, he's like, you have to I'm like, yeah, that's good job, mate. Thank you. So I was like, did your pay him? Yeah, because I didn't pay him. He can't. And what are they charged for? Heck, I know I truly these days. Uh, the place I got out of any charge me 20, but normally it's 30, 35. But oh, really that much. Wow. Yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but in some places, it's always like a tattoo party. Go up in the one barber and one guy will cut it one day. I'll do the same thing. You're saying 20 bucks on the here go. I can go to the same barber if he's not there. I see another barber there. 30 bucks. Oh, but they need to make their own prices these guys. I think so. I think they just like a tattoo. Paula, how much is that? And do you have to tip them? Do you don't tip it on a show? That's why. So I'll get a $15 a heck about. I'll give them $25. So, you know, it comes out. It's the same thing. Well, look, look at your hair now. I got more hair on my balls. But yeah, you know what I have to. When you have no hair, and you have to, you have to make it look good. That's I think way harder than when you have a lot of hair. You can't really go wrong with your hair. I can do your hair for, let's say, 699. I just go to the auto shopping. It's on fucking spray paint. I prefer that actually. I'll just tape your face off with a tape and tape up. 699 out of the door, though. There you go. I'll even cut holes in the paper so I can do your eyebrows. I appreciate it. That was a nice dimension. There you go. I've got a new job on my hand dresser. That's right. That's right. You know, in prison, they got these, the prison here. It kind of guys. The buzz. Yeah, everything's a buzzer there. And it's funny because there's like all the buzzer guys do all the, the guys who, you know, black guys who have like, like the shades and all the different things. And then you got like one white guy cutting here who does all like the white guys. And for just the one. Just the one. Well, actually, as a sit, he actually is allowed to have a scissors. I was going to, I was going to put the white guys. He's just a simple number two. That's it. No, no, no. He actually given the scissors, you know, for the white people here. Oh, the black people get the nasty. Yeah, they got a great. They have a big, they have that look better than they are when they're, when they're out of jail. No, no one did a keep going back for the hate cuts. Exactly. We don't use when you're in jail. There's not much you can do so. Everyone, like, perfect. They're craft. These guys, they got the microwave cookers. You know, they get the kids. They can cook a gourmet meal in the microwave. It's unbelievable. They saw a, they, I mean, you can't get near the, unsadder as you can't get near the microwave. Oh, maybe that's a good case. I want to put that down as a case for more women should go to prison in the learned a fucking cook. Ah, there you go. And then you have the guys who cut hair and then you have the lawn guys, then you have the guys who fix things. I, I can't even believe laundry. What about laundry when they got to do the laundry and follow them? No, laundry, you got to do your, oh, yeah, they do have a laundry mechanism to your right. They do all the uniforms and stuff like that. They're better going to shower and it's so shut. Ah, the name is Stevie B. Oh, he's a special guy. He's a special guy. He's a special guy. Yeah, that was right. But if you haven't, speaking to the cooking women not being able to cook, this is what it may Is, as me, when I watch these TV shows on, you know, get those homes in Beverly Hills and this and that. But every time they walk into house, generally the guy, he's like, isn't this a beautiful house? And she's like, oh, now we need to change that. Always the woman, bitch. Oh, we need to do a renovation on them, covered to this and that. And as soon as they walk into the kitchen, out of the kitchen, to what I go into one kitchen, oh, and it's his beard if a look at the cook tops. Look at the bench. Look at the bench in the middle. I think it's shadow, bitch. You never got a fucking use it. Just look at the fucking microwave. This is fucking microwave. You got to get the fucking microwave. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, and then you want to create ashes. They got like these like 30 million hours. You know, they never used the kitchen unless they have a chef. Maybe it comes in. And if you're seeing the fridge is perfectly packed with order. I'll just be safe. Yeah, and all the day cogs and all the other stuff. I've been doing this for a minute. I've got this fridge in American. I can remember the fridge just came out. What was it? Oh, a couple of years ago. I had the touch screen on the fridge so you can have an iPad. I wanted day one in my wife when we got one. She's like, it's way easier for her. Thank God. She's got someone's got sense in the kitchen. Yeah, it doesn't look cool. But I'm like, why don't you go and do a look at the Facebook. I eat in the kitchen. Yeah. Yeah. But then it's got that fridge too. When you put stuff in it and notify you on your phone. You're getting low on milk or you get us like, what? People become that lazy we can't. But they're absolutely. We can't open the fucking door and look in there. I just saw this add on TV. Now we've got this new fridge here. You're touch it. And the door becomes transparent. So you can see into the fridge. I love it. That's the one I wanted. That's exactly the one I wanted. Why? Because it's still hard to open the door between you and you. No, it's just cool. What do you have in iPhone? Yeah. Why do you have an iPhone? Because it's got to make in the other ones. It's not cool. I'd rather go back to a phone. This is what everyone should do. You want a blackberry? Now just yeah, blackberry. Just where you can text and call and check your emails. Everybody else can go back to computers. Because imagine how good the world would be if people are out walking around smiling and talking to everyone. We're having an all-face book, Instagram. We're not allowed to anywhere. That's the problem. What you can't have it on your computer. That's the only time you can check it on your computer on your phone. Just relax. Yeah. But how hard is it to undo your fridge door now? Look in there. You just got to touch it and see what's in there. Oh, my God. Let me see if I can find this thing. I got it. I'm going to get one for you. I'll wait for something. Watch the world coming to you. Let's see if I can get this thing. What was the thing about that? Watch this. Yes, that refrigerator. I think this is the refrigerator. You were talking about it once. Probably. You've just touched the door and it comes transparent. It's the LG signature. This guy looks like he's never used a fridge. Yeah, I'm not. Yeah. They always get these weird glasses. What's that? Was that a cat? Was that a cat on the floor? They always have these weird people that sell these appliances. You haven't noticed that? I've never met a normal appliance person. Like the vacuum salesman that comes to the door and right-share wife and kills her. That's so nice. Yeah, well, you know, actually in the movies. There it is. You can see it goes. It dims. Yeah. I think the same technology is like, you know, like, this is the first house. There it goes. Here it goes. It's going to touch it. Nice. Oh, look at that. I need to undo the door now. Oh, I can look inside. I think the technology is so much of what, you know, how like when you're looking in your rear view mirror now, it'll dim itself. If you get hit with like someone blasher with the bright minder. What about what about those places? Those fancy clubs that have the toilets when you go in and the glass goes frosted. Oh, they are. That's even cooler. But actually there's a woman sewing one of them because she was actually now doing her business and that I'm thrusted and everyone's standing outside. Look at this. Look at this. The refrigerator opens by itself. Oh, no. I've got a foot pedal to undo the door. No. No, it's not a foot pedal. It's just it automatically sees what your, your foot just has to pass by it. And then that's fine. Well, I got six cats. My fucking fridge will be getting closed. I'm going to make them go to the milk and whatever they want. They're full treats and they're whatever they want. What's it, come with your hold on. The fridge doors do have you to open. Let me just put my foot there. Can you come get the milk out the leaders full. It's very heavy for me to. My, my Mercedes I had before I, I got kids used to be able to just kick your foot underneath the the fender just run, run your foot and the the trunk would open, which is kind of cool if you're a package. I've seen those ones. Oh, yeah. That's another thing to do to the noise. Look, I understand technology, but all these cars with lane guidance and shit. Whatever happened to fucking drive in the car yourself. I'm too lazy now. I don't want to stay in my league pretty soon. There's not going to be any more driving. You're going to have a, you're going to get a chance to car. See, all my life, I can honestly say, I've had how many too many cars. But never once have I used cruise control. Never. No, I don't do it. Even when I drive from like telephone, you're the Texas, I prefer to feel my foot on the extreme. You fall asleep when you put it in cruise control. You don't have to do anything. That's the thing. But now they got these new cars. I saw one, what model was it the other day when you turned the indicator on could have been that key a K 900 or something. You're turned the indicator on and you know where your gauges are on the dash. Yeah. It comes on there a screen so you can see what's beside you because I like that. I don't have a big day if you got it. Oh, my net. I do like the link. I like when it tells you to someone in the blind spot. Do you like that one? Yeah, I still look. It's like he got a look. You can't look anyway, but I'm just saying, at least you sometimes you want to just you think there's no one in the lane, you're bad to turn off. You're cross over and then opposite of the little B. B. Or do you have a thing or something like it? Sometimes I've had different cars. You know, like the A frame pillars or whatever that come down. Sometimes they're so thick when you go look now and say, and it's just blocking a car. Oh yeah. That's why I like that thing never because it kind of, it's like a I also like the one now where if you're getting too close to someone in front of you, like you're not you're not looking at the yeah, if you're not looking straight ahead, you can get too close on someone it'll it'll like it'll hit you would such a loud siren that you own your own. Yeah, I'm a hard attack and don't say you crash. Yeah, you crash anyway. But what is crazy? Like it's just a whole. And remember that video that won't go in the test last. Yeah. As a striper down there. Yeah, yeah, that was good. That was a good. That was a good. All right, so this is why I wanted this is the Ranc today. I know that you're you've mentioned this before, but there's a Jim owner now in New York state who is suing as part of a coalition he's suing. Governor Cuomo in New York state. His name is Charles de Francesco and he's suing because he wants them to open up his gym. I'm an open to gym up. It's a whole coalition of people. Jim owners. What do you think about this? You know, his his argument is hey, look, liquor stores are open. That was a considered essential, but but the one the one institution, the one business that actually people get healthier at working out in the gym is not open. Well, is that just you off? Well, I've mentioned before the so cool got up. There's the exor at you. And the so called government doesn't want people healthy with the scusses because there's much easier to get rid of sick people. And the thing is, it's like here in Australia, same thing happened to Jim's. We're almost the last thing to reopen. We had bars open restaurants open. Yeah. Okay, supermarkets are essential, but how many people go through it, even a shopping mall? How many people go through a mall each day and shopping centers, touching everything? Whereas I know here at the gyms, we have a martial like what they call them. And they're like, covered martial that wears a bright orange vest around. Oh, yeah, and as you walk into Jim, everywhere they got, they got wipes, as you walk into Jim, there's a huge table. And there's probably 50 spray bottles with a whole pack of like wipes. So everyone can take a spray bottle with him and go around. So when you finish spray to bench in that and then someone just goes around to make sure you're not too close to people or you just make sure they clean up. But in our audience, after have that in our and they're open. So why not? Like I said, someone hops on the public transport bus. How many of you hop on the bus? Sit there, pick those, why but on the seat? You get on the bus next and someone's been farting on the seat during whatever. Even those like overweight people or skinny people don't want to fat shame, but people sit on the bus. They sweat on the seat. They don't have someone on the bus wiping down the seat every time. Someone gets on and off. So if a Jim, like I said, you could have it, where you could do this up a schedule, call up what else do you want to train? There's 50 people at these hours and then you get an hour at least if you get an hour's been enough. And you could regulate it, but at least you got somebody there going around cleaning. So I don't see how it could be a bad thing. I've always said that like you said bottle shops are open, but here in Australia bars were open. Clubs are open restaurants are open that Jim's, oh no, you can't go to the gym because that might spread some disease. I'm about to discuss. I just want to run my business. I wanted to just pay my bills. You're putting me out of business. You're putting us all these Jim owners out of business. Think about it. New York State has not opened since the shutdown. You know, that's a lot. That's a long time now. A carrier business and have to raise it. You just don't even have restaurants open. You know what? Well, I'm in Florida. So Florida has everything's open Florida. I think New York restaurants, I think, they believe are open because they consider them essential, but you know, there's limited seating. The best thing ever for their arguments when they go to court, you just pull up videos of the people. The thousands of people, the people, the people, the people, the children of the shoulder. So you're coming to arrest me and close my business down. You want to arrest them. Yeah, and just letting them go have it just shoulder the shoulder, running around, painting, sheet on the roads, doing this, doing that and you do nothing. You just stay in back and let them go. But yes, I open up a business where I can control people coming in and out and sanitize shit. And I'm the fucking bad guy. Look, what I got to do is just get them to put on for your lamb shirts and tea for shirts, whatever. And just as they start coming in to the gym each day, just start yelling like that. Yeah, right. You can be discriminated against. Yeah. What are you trying to do today? Fuck Trump. Fuck Trump. Just train like that every set. Yeah, Trump. Fuck Trump. Yeah. Yeah, you're right. You're racially profiling me. Yeah, yeah. And just throw out fucking whatever the protest is yelling out. Just fucking start throwing it out. That you're squatting heavy. I can't breathe. I can't breathe. So what's going on in here? Oh, you know, they're just protesting. Let them go. And I say go do it. So you just go do the gym and that's what doesn't protest. I'm sorry. I fixed the problem. Now on another note, changing gears a little bit. I saw that Vince Taylor posted on his Instagram. He's doing a good bench. He looks great. He's for 60 years old. It's right. But Vince posted on his Instagram a picture of him in Robby Robinson on stage. The other. Yeah. And he basically was thanking Robby because he said when he was 14 years old, he wrote his first letter ever to a bodybuilder. It was to Robby Robinson and Robby answered a back in game. Some like motivating words of advice. He sent him a bicycle because he wanted to see how to get big arms because I wanted to have arms like Robby Robinson. And Robby wrote them back in work. What you, what you, was that picture of? That was at the 90s. It wasn't early 90s. Yeah. That's kind of be like when Vince was at the moment. Was that the moment? Oh, maybe it was. Mass is a limp of your right. I think you're right. Still look good. Well, we still look good now. No, he's still. Robby's still. It's good right here. I'm even now for what he's 72. He's 72. He's 72. He was 70. He was 70. He was 70. He was 70. He was 70. He was 70. You're all that's for sure. If only we can get this every day. Even though it's in your young, when I was in my 20s, I'm like, I'm going to die young. But then you're like, I don't care. You get the 30 odd. I'm going to die. I don't care. They get you late 40s 50s. You're like, I want to get the 55. I want to get the 60s. It's almost like a challenge now to keep getting. Yeah. Yeah. He changed. That's why when they always people say, oh, I'm in a deal with the devil. You know, I got to give my soul five years. He's like, yeah, I have a five years forever. You know, but obviously. Obviously. We'll just end up like the picture of Dory and Gray. There you go. Let's keep we will have to hide our age. So back back to your story. He wrote a letter and he gave him an autograph. So yeah, and he's he wanted to thank him. He was just giving him a thank you, you know, for after all these years. For everything you did, you know, kind of motivate him and he's a young body. But that was nice. I think that, you know, not a lot of people. You know, people like to pick on everything that's, you know, wrong with with society. And so people pick on Robbie because Robby's, you know, he's always been a bit of a rebel. You know, he says what's on his mind. You know, he's an old, he's an older guy, you know, and old people complain a lot. I mean, I could just think of my dad. We think I alone. He did a lot of good for the sport, you know, I mean, so why do he, he's a little grumpy old man when he's a little old. Oh, no. Well, I know we got Peter when we used to use buss to not without my even start. I mean, it's that of course you got to get Peter when someone's plastered, you know, your famous like this everywhere and put it to where you just head on it. Yeah, yeah, that's true. I mean, that's really going to get upset. But now when I when I was with Black Skull, Robby come to Brazil once or twice and we've got on great. We got on great at the boost together, Robby and when I see me, we always get on good. Yeah, so yeah, I get along really, really wrong. But some people have a problem. I don't know. I don't know how Robby does business, but you know, people, people want everything for nothing. Well, I think it's like you said, Robby's just one of those people where someone can come up. I know I had a guy, yeah, I'm sure you get it too. Sometimes people say to me, this guy got mad at me once because just given out these nice shakers, you know, there's like shaker, you put your drink in it, shake up. It's really pretty like gold, one ahead or the stuff on leek and I send you on I said, sure, you can send me one no problem, think it's send it to me. And I got it. I got it. I got it. I'm actually in thank you very much. It's a nice shake or you just, oh, can you do a video using it and take some photos? We're better than that. Many of the ads we don't want to do. I said, look, I really appreciate your sending it to me. So, but now you want me to advertise it for you. Now, and true well if I do that, you're going to sell it. So, I get this six dollar shake and they're going to make money. I said, look, it's much as I appreciate it. I can't do that for free. I was like, oh, mate, if I can help us like all week, I'm just starting the new business out. Of course, is it T-shirt? Can you wear it for me and post it for me now? I've had people to just send me shirts, they've got a new shirt. Right, and it's up to you. If you want to go with these shirts. Yeah, look, look, I don't expect anything if you, if they do that approach, I'll generally have it on wear it and take a photo. I do it. Yeah, but as soon as they say, can you do this? Oh, I see right back when I get this, when they say, can you wear it for me? I'm going to say, look, I'm busy right now, but you know, what if you send one to Michael Jordan, he might, he might do it for you. That's like, don't try someone like that. Yeah. Which I understand if you're starting, but still come on, don't just, well, I gave you a free T-shirt. It cost me $5, come on. Everyone wants something for nothing, you know that. But like I said, there's even like we don't do one stuff in one line. So, like give me a shout out, I just ignore it. But if someone says, hello, you know, I see the name I'm like, hi, my hide is, but as soon as you are, it's like, no. That's something I don't blame you. Now, Iris Kyle is coming back officially, you know, she'll be doing this on the screen. That's, that's Kai, that's right. That's right. That's right. Don't try trick. I'm going to say I wrote a morning. I asked, I've been talking about a lot about this on the TV shows. Do you think that they should keep women's physique and bodybuilding separately? If you think they should combine it. I think they should combine it because women's physique, to me is what, almost like classic, if we go back, classic, what bodybuilding used to be a long time ago before they all got the big stomachs and that. And women's physique is pretty much how it used to be before they went into a really big type, you know, bodybuilders. Because remember when I was with Kathy back then I've mentioned that before when the women were getting too big, the judges actually said to them, he's musselose 20% of your muscle. And a lot of the girls did, they conformed to what the judges wanted, but come data show guess what? They gave it to the big girls. So they're like, you've asked us to lose this extra muscle. So we look more feminine again, but now you still reward in the big people. So, you know, again, it came to the judges data ones that ruined women's bodybuilding and ruined the men's bodybuilding. They just didn't stick to the guidelines. Remember, even the men they said if you stomach sticks out, you're going to be deducted. Now, we've got deducted. No. I put it in force. It was what happens. They enforce it like one or two times and then they just say just forget about it. Or they force it on one person and that person. That's right. Or it's like, is barely stuck out a little bit, but yours was just a little bit more, okay. I didn't know that it was a fucking weird to measure. But yeah, I think they should combine it because, you know, women's physique and women's body is borderline because, like I said, Dave, the women's body physique is how body women's bodybuilding should be. But if it's here, if it went back to what, if it went back to the earlier days and you're laying the time, you're not with Dave because he could. They were the easily because they gave it to you. Yeah. Yeah. They all would have been. It wasn't till like maybe Kim and then started getting like really big and big and bigger. I was never before. I was around the physique range. So, I think it'll be good as long as, like I said, I give respect to anyone that gets up there and trains or our soft and stuff. And then who will we because it's like, man, if you're training, you want to get big, you want to get big. So I get to the same with the women when they see their body growing, you know, you can't get to a point and go, when I'm satisfied with that, I'm just going to stop here. Of course you want to get as good as you can. Sure, we know some probably go a little bit too far with not their training, but maybe a supplement side of things. Yeah. You know, when that's someone comes up behind the goes, I think it's Bob and I turn around and I turn around and it's, you know, it's Sherry. You know, just oh, Jesus Christ, you know, it's like a... When you... When you... When you went to Iris Kyle or... She knew Grant. Yeah, I know we got him as part. Well, back in the day, you know, you had separate toilets, but that is the Junior Six toilets. Time to be surprised if a lady staying in the beside you, you're an aiding at the ear and all. Kai does come back to you, live the end of the women's vision. I should have not just skirmit in against me. Would you support male men crossing over into the women's vision and vice versa? Just make a new division. You can't, how many divisions can you have? Why can't the men call? People can't swim in. And why can't they work in the next 10 minutes? How many can we have? Why can't we stop there? Just say, go on. You need pretty soon. It's going to be a week long. Every show is going to be a week long. Because I'm going to be any like... This is what you've been to. What do you... What do you... What do you associate as today's division? Yeah, exactly. Or we're just called at the confused division. Exactly. Now, I think I don't know. Her shapes are really good, you know, which is stains. She reminds me of what you're standing for on on and stuff. She reminds me of the old... You know, because Linda Murray used to say, because Linda Murray, you're for sure, is massive. And in person, she was so small. Now, she's a small girl, yeah. But on stage, just with adults and the way she's tiny waste, the illusion was like, and I think that Shanik's the same as that. You know, when you look at her, just standing there, everything flows so well, so... Who wins? Who wins? Yeah. Look at her. Would you like to see him compete, Valagansi, tell that? I think it would be great. Me personally, as much as I like, ours and what she's done, I think I would go for Shanik's type body and the balance and stuff over ours. Yeah, well, we'll see. But ours can... Our skin dishening's always good. So the show's Shanik's. Yeah. I think we would be a great battle between the two of them. I think people with the fans would love to see it, maybe the less. Maybe the less. Maybe the less. And they would be like, we said, if you're very kind, the mix. Wow. I think those in the mix can be the main division. Where is division? What is that thing about? Climb's a price, he hasn't just started teasing again. There feels coming back. Well, I think it would be a great move on his part to come back and try to win that title. You know, away from Branden Curry, while battling Phil Heath on stage, come on then, that would be a classic classic footage we've got. You know, there would be a fight on stage. Is there still any confirmation of it? Because you know, we've got the list out and it says, We found out Ken Romney and all of these, or whoever. Well, someone told me that Randy may be other come here, because Kuwait is not banned from flying. Only the European countries. So Bonnec would be banned then, would he? Yeah, it would be hard from the other thing. Even now. Let's see, came early. I don't know. Can he go to Kuwait for a couple of weeks and then come to Kuwait? It's a good question. Ken, there's always loopholes way. Can he incubate in Kuwait and then come? Or maybe be better could fly him on a private jet or something like that. No, I don't know. Psycho training, Mexico to wait. Yes. Nice get us some tin and then put him up. You know, a week before the Olympia either jumped the wall or find the tunnel. Yeah, there you go. Put it up. Put it up. Put it backpacks on your back. Come and become a drug meal and just come across. Get out of the get over in the States. Have a baby and tonight. Yeah. Yeah. And I had to very see the note. No pun intended of course. So we're going to wrap this thing up on day polumbar with Lee priest. Let us know your opinion. Would you like to see Iris and Sheneet compete in that same division up on stage and call the winner. Miss Olympia. Let us know in the comments below. I'm day polumbar for Lee priest. We'll see you next week. Thank you.