Old school body building clothing company. If it's been three and a half hours since you last ate protein, now you're starting to freak out, you are old school. If watching someone sit on a hammer machine for five minutes between sets playing with their phone, pisses you off, you are definitely old school. OSBBC.com for the hardest training athletes. How welcome back to Iron Ray. I'm Dave Plumbo and I'm feeling very weird because I have just taken a dose of big lanyan Rob Zill's weird energy. People are worried about taking the vaccine and you just took that. What would be worse if vaccine will take and that coming from big ground out. You want to know what the flavor is? Zoom in that flavor. Come drop. It's pretty close. Poor internet punch. Oh, I gotta say it's trendy something. Trendy. Trendy, change your name. That's it. We just had a press conference with Mr. G and Big Lany. They were in the same room. I told just fight it out right now. Get it over with the radio. I haven't watched it but I could see it here on the latest subscriptions on YouTube. We waited too long to put it up live but it was actually pretty missed to G standing. Like you said, they should have just punched on there and could be never in the room. I said, you could have just let's just end this all thing or just fucking fight that already. And we got it on camera here. What do we need to do a fight? Just do it now. Get it over with. You guys can make some of them. Exactly. They can go break little biscuits. Now, I'll tell you. I went for my second coach on the rest of the time. Now, hold on. We got to stop people for a second because you're the only person I believe now on the planet who has actually gotten three COVID vaccines as opposed to two. Most people go for two or the one you actually have gotten three. You always got to overdo it. It's like the drugs you got overdo it. Don't be builders. You're trying to fact that. I need three or four. I'm a one. Two's good. Four is better. Right. So, but he's the funny thing right ago. I go down and go to get it. And she does it because they ask you questions. Have you had any other ones before? I said no. Because my doctor said it doesn't matter because I had it so long ago. Well, long ago April, April 6. But because I wasn't continuing that on, they get like your vaccination. It's not possible. But just to show you, you had it down. You got it to it at the same. So I got it. And she goes, okay. I think then she asked me some questions. I said, oh, yeah, I had the AstraZeneca first. And that's going to be, you would have swears like a deer in the headlights. I'm like, what are you crazy? You had. And she's sort of Asians. So, you know, it's hard to, I could not tell she's talking about the vaccine or order and my chicken-chown mane. But she started talking and I'm like, huh? Okay, yeah, she got you had it. I said, yeah, but that was April. And this is a long time later. Because I'm going overseas. I didn't want to have the AstraZeneca one. I waited for him flying due to blood clot. So my doctor caught up to COVID hotline. He was on there. I was on hold for like an hour or so. And so I was he, they went through everybody again. Can't see why not. And that hold on. She walks to the side of the wall, pushes his bison. Rrr, it's time to flash in. Oh, I know. I know. I like this being a fucking outbreak or something in the bloody thing. Like they're going to, the walls are going to come down. They're going to get a lot of, you know, really fucking gas. And people are looking at me under a sitting there. These are the two like people in their doctors things come over. And she tells them the whole story. Go for it all store it. Them. No way to hit the alarm again. Nenshe's on the phone. Yes. What immunization, all the justies on today? Yes, yes. Can you send them over please? Oh, it's not. It's not. It's been a trouble. You're always getting a trouble. No matter where you go, you try to do the right thing. No, I wasn't in trouble. I wasn't in trouble. I was just like, now they get over and it says, okay. So you've had to AstraZeneca. Yes. And I had to fire. They're going to get the food when they go, oh. We should have done that. I said, why not? They go, well, you only meant to have two. Even though you had to AstraZeneca, then you had to fire so the five is like the booster. We've never done it for. I said, you're the only person in the entire world who's gotten three freaking COVID shots. And then I started talking to said, yes, I saw an England that doing the fires at AstraZeneca first. And that he goes, oh, yes. Yes, I'm being a doing that in England. It's getting great results with the immunity. Having two separate ones. He's actually working better than getting two at a time. I said, oh, well, I guess I can be your case experiment in Australia. You guys are tell you right there. It wouldn't be more than a handful of people than I had both. I said, so if I get phone calls tonight, yes, I'm doing all tomorrow, you call me. You need blood tests and stuff. Do I have to come here because the government wants to see me? Yes, I had that one. And that one, they're not full. We've never had this. And then they start panicking. Ah, so you had one in that one. I said, yes, I said, but you look at the test. Is it all you've been following all the testing in England? It's working well. I have two separate ones. So it's not like what people have had like the one, the first shot of one and then the first shot of another. So to have two separate ones instead of getting two of the same, you've actually had one and then you had two of another. So you've actually had three doses where no one's had it. Now, what the question is, will you have a better antibody response? That's the question. Well, they were showing with the AstraZeneca and Pfizer, because they're made differently in England who they tested on so far. They've been getting good actually better. Like the immune system is almost super charged. They said they haven't two separate. So it's almost like, I got this one and this one and then my third one is like a boost to your might have to get in the years. Oh, I got it now. Why don't you go get a, what, go get to Johnson and Johnson too? May as well. I'm waiting for it and the dinner comes out. I'm going to get them all. Yeah, right. My name. Maybe you'll maybe you're at an inch to your arm or something like that. You know? I told you, when I took in that first time, I sort of got great amps and put on a healer two weeks. You know, the funny thing is people complain about how sick they get after the second dose and you're on the third dose and you're doing the show the next day and you're fine, right? Yeah, like, okay. I maybe I feel I don't sure it's the hot coffee or I got the heater on. But I feel like just a little flush, but nothing. Nothing, great. Yeah, it's not as sweet. You're feeling flush because of the weird energy you just took. From a big lighting and Rob Zillard. Again, as funny, you're about the friends that still give me the bleed, you're putting poison in your body with the vaccine as they stand there. Drinking, smoking, fuel lines of cocaine. Drinking. It's like, yeah, Lee, how do you put that poison in your body? You're going to see me get. You know, Lee, I want to thank you both by the way, you're shirt. Yeah, because I'm washing it. But I got your T shirt in the mail. Thank you very much all the way through Australia. I also got your T shirt. I got a shirt. Oh, I'm sure in the mail. I think it's from Chris Cormier. I mean, it is him on the shirt. It's the only person that would have thought would have put a T shirt with a pink T shirt would be. What's it say on it? What's it say? I don't know. It says C3 TV. I guess that's Chris. Maybe that's something his Chris Cormier. Oh, I see C3 TV's to TV people. It did he's documentary in that to do a mine you want. Oh, so maybe they sent me the Chris one in addition to yours. I got it two separate packages though. What's the other shirt look like? No, I got this one and then I got your shirt that's the lead pre- Yeah, whatever. Just one. I said it's lead pre-st on it. Yeah, it says lead pre-st something another. Catelle. Carcale. Carcale. That's in the Catelle day. Actually, I actually liked your shirt. I don't like the smell of new shirts. I don't like the washroom first before I wear them. Well, I wore yours around the two. That's like smell segues. Ah, yeah. I was wondering. I think I'm going to sell it around. I'm going to sell it around the things in official body scent of lead pre-st. Yeah, I rolled around the yard. Yeah. Just like a dog. I'm just like, you know. If you wear that now it's going to soak in. Hey, if you wear my shirt, my anti-bodies were so good. You need to get the vaccine. Yeah, that's right. Your shirt's going to be like one of those things that just repels the virus. There you go. I'd rather wear that. They have to get injected with anything. Every time I find it, you're going to get a number and I recognize it. I'll be thinking it's the government, hello. Yeah, we need you to come in. We're going to try to run some tests. Yeah, yeah. You know, that, you know, you're way for your superpowers to come, right? For a walk out in the front, there's like just black cars sitting out there. If you're thinking, we're going to those follow- Yeah. Either lead pre-stays going to start flying in about a month or he's going to fucking be dead in about a month. It's going to work with what's going to happen from it. And when I die, I let them make the coffin weach shape because I've that third and fourth leg ground. Yeah, I'm sure that's absolutely right. I'm going to just say. So a lot of people have been contacting me in there because, you know, you've been doing all these videos with boxing and stuff like that. Everyone's trying to like match you up with someone who you can fight. I mean, is there anyone in the industry you'd like to fight? You know, it's only ever been shown because you love me so much. And I think it would be a nice fun thing for charity, Sean and I. But I don't think you let it. Sorry, you said he won't do it. So would you, would you if if you offered a million dollars, would you fight what's his name for like Mayweather like Logan Paul did? Of course I would. I get knocked out. But who cares? A million dollars. You take you would take made a punishment for a million bucks. Of course. I wouldn't. But I don't know. You can get hurt, you know. I don't know if anyone really wants to get punched out, you know, by anyone. I'm helping the ring with Tyson for two million. Like Mayweather. Of course I'd be like here. And so I think I have still heard it to get you in the right spot in the picture. But you know, it's one of these baddest Tyson. If the Tyson on the two million because 800 thousands going to my medical bills. And they have a 1.2 million. I can buy a nice house. Do you think did you, I don't know if you watched that fight, if you play man, whether or Mother watched it. Yeah, did you think it was fixed or do you think that there was a legitimate fight? It seemed a bit fixed. Could you could you have had how fast Mayweather is? It seems like he could have just gone. If you wanted to, you know. Well, he's also 44 years old. He's not a young guy anymore, you know. Yeah, but when I saw him spar and he was spar and a lot of kids in the money was back. He was an exhibition. Now he's a smart man. Like he was talking about the money he makes just where he's boxing trunks. He makes 30 million just from the sponsors on the. Oh, really? Yeah. I'll watch an interview after you guys. 30 million for his fingers. I'm a smart guy. He has I can draw my money now because I managed myself here. But he goes, whatever box it today is making 30 million just from where they are in their trunks. And then like I said, he got like, what guarantee 10 million plus a percentage of the pay per view. So why not who cares what people say? He even like, you know, I don't really like that slogan for that. Never have from me who's going to do that slap and contest back in the day. But hey, you got to you got to give him credit for getting up there and doing it. And like I said, and making money like crazy amounts of money is almost like, you know, you might hate those guys that go to the body, but you're an exposed similar thing. Yeah. They'll get all the people around them, just making tons of money. And I know a lot of the boxes didn't like it because you've had guys fight in the whole lives coming up through the ranks and they never get a shot of the purse like that or a shot at me over. So everything and we've done it the hard way. It is YouTube. Who you can't blame the YouTube? You can blame the maybe boxing Federation, whatever. But hey, you've got money there to do it. That's true. I don't like it. But it's true. What he says, you can do anything you want to be. You think pretty much you want to be if you just do it. It's like his truth, you know, getting the ring with me wherever in the short amount of time and the followers he's got. And now he's making millions of dollars. You know, I don't really like the guy. But you're going to give him credit for being smart when it comes to marketing and stuff. He's an idiot. Yeah. I mean, he's a great marketer of himself. There's no doubt about it. I mean, how could you even you have to respect that? I mean, I don't care what you're like. Well, look, how did Tim Kardashian make all her money initially? Yeah. And my friend. I'm a porn video. She did, right? And then a whole family. It's like the whole family's done nothing. Then all the sisters just jumped on the bean, wagon. And now sisters had books. The sisters had that show where I'll get in. I'll get in. Put 300 million to hold the family got. The mother would break it up being in the manager. But yeah, just all the stuff they got there. And then the daughters in the modeling and makeup. And just amazing. Just from that show from being nothing. Just the internet. These influencers. It's just crazy. And you know, it turned out that they actually did have some talent after all. That's done. Especially was kind of like a job. I think Logan Logan got an pretty good shape compared to his first fight. You could tell like, even. Yeah. Even though it's an exhibition. You know, may whoever's he's not one of those guys. That let's you know, take a break. So if they eat rounds still, you've got to be cardio fit through that. Just even though even though it wasn't full on, just the adrenaline and he was Logan was moving a fair bit. So go away. It rounds. You've got to have somewhat know what you do in a bit because he was blocking a few punches. There any landed a couple on May, wherever and stuff. And I think if you've made whoever went full force, he could probably could have. Yeah, whatever. You know, hey, I think even they were said, I'm not going out the get hurt or do this or do that. So he goes, if I can make this money and not get hurt. That's why I go crazy. Logan Paul, Nadia, you're not. Yeah. To me, I could still say yes because it's like, you know, he's like, I just had that chunky sort of a secret. He could tell someone trained and then as soon as they die at down, they look a lot better. So as soon as they die at down, you see, muscles be the guy. He's on the steroids and stuff like that. You know, he looked pretty big to me. I mean, I don't know. He's because of his height, but kind of gives big muscular. Why is it just looks like someone that, like I said, died at down. And when you see the muscle, people just look bigger. Yeah. Well, I don't think they got drug tested because it was an exclamation match. So I mean, if I went to my when I used to get in fucking Maywell, then wouldn't you? No, I'm probably in the classroom. I would. I'd be back in 10 fucking backsy shots. Yeah. But I watched, but you were watching. You think Tyson was juicing against, you know, the fake he had against. What's his name, Roy Jones? No. I don't think so. No. No. No. You can tell you, yes, didn't have that look, but I'm sure. I'm sure. I'm actually surprised that you mentioned this slogan that you're not. There is, and I, someone's done the YouTube yet is Logan Paul. No, I didn't even know that. Yeah. But you know, I always do those nanny or not. So if everybody. I'm sure. What's his name, probably, did it? It was the case. Yeah, I'm sure. I can't remember. Oh, they're always doing. Yeah, but I'm sure it will be up soon. I don't think it would have been. Yeah. I'm sure Greg just said probably did something on that. You know, you would think, right? I'm sure it'll be coming up soon. Give him a couple of days, but I don't know what you're watching. I'm actually not like a lot of stuff. I don't like a lot of stuff. I don't think you're a Tyler of a Logan Paul. So I can find a thing. Yeah, I think he's like I said, is it a bit nanny, but who isn't nanny, but, you know, just some of the main. I think he was. I feel sorry for the body, but I mean, the boxes that have trained the whole lives and they sit back on. Oh, no, he's going to make him. He's going to think Logan Paul's going to like that. I don't know if he's watching the face. Before the me way to fight, the guy who's really good. I don't know as good. That was good. That one. And he took that one guy took the fight on one day's notice, you know. Yeah, actually, actually, even though one before, that was pretty good. That was pretty much punch on on. Yeah. It wasn't heard in somebody else or something. Yeah, yeah. He's going to go on at it. It was pretty good. Yeah, I enjoyed the first. I haven't watched fighting in a while, boxing in a while. It was enjoyable. Yeah. That one before it was going to get in trouble for hanging on. That chill out sworn. Yeah. Well, that guy, you know, that guy, that's the guy who took the fight on one day's notice. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And you know what? The other guy, the reason why he had to take it on one day's notice is because the original opponent failed the drug test. He caused it for a four steroids. It's something like that. Not even one. Four. And look at him. See, now if you look at him, you would, if you could see, you wouldn't think that he was on steroids. If you look, then it was especially for you. I would. You know what? At that level, when you're at the top, come on. You're going to try to get away with anything in a way with because you'd be crazy. I think I got, you'd be crazy. I'm just feeling a lot of no is like, you know, the NFL and the baseball on that or what is major teams that are making billions, they got special doctors and stuff. You would be crazy to get into the ring without enhancement. If you can do it and not get caught, of course. Obviously, you don't want it. If you know it's not direct test, you're, I'll be more worried that someone like Logan Paul wouldn't come up for his steroids, but they'll like come up with cocaine. Yes. Well, they don't, you know, if we're an exhibition by, I don't think they would be in test, so it didn't matter. They couldn't have done whatever they wanted to. I like how to fight. He's like, that's it. Now, the animal Christians are going to go get fucked up. I want, you know what, even though it was an exhibition match, I mean, they were hitting each other. I wonder what it feels like for a Logan Paul guy. You know, we're just not used to boxing that much. You know, wake up the next morning at the hit, you know, by Mayweather, like, you know, like 100 times. Yeah, he's getting that little mouth. There he's eye already saying that. There's where he got in that thing. He went out over the right and just clicked him when he was in close. Actually, well, almost that fight. It's got to hurt. I don't know. I don't know. Was it the second fight or the night or the one when that guy was really good, but he's really good at fighting in close. Yeah. I always liked last three fights. I didn't see him before that. I don't know. I just had one better. This guy was so good at fighting in close to this guy. It was just all over the guy. Good fighting. Get him off him. Yeah. That was interesting. Why didn't the fucking big lady and Mr. Ggo down to that in Florida? They're in Florida. And they could just turn up and got in. I think that you remember the butterbeen who used to fight to go butterbeen? Yeah, with the American shorts on. I'd like to see butterbeen fight like Tyson or butterbeen fight like a boyman, whether I'd watch that. I think he's still going. Did butterbeen didn't he fight Tyson once or a foreman? I don't. I don't. Maybe foreman. I think I have. So you've tolerated a look at that butterbeen. I know he fought one of the big names once it was one of them. I think he got his ass kicked out, right? If I went up. He always got his ass kicked. No, he was pretty good. He'd be some good guys. You know, you would think the guy couldn't move. He had good endurance. And he had a good punching power. It just looked like someone like to come a bar. You know, someone sitting at the bar, you get into a bar. He got a butterbeen. That's why they called them the butterbeen. You know, and the funny thing is you think the guy when he was successful would start losing weight and getting better shape, but he never did. Remember when you were see first started, you said that what's his name is the fighting bar. It's a lot tank Abbott. I mean, yeah. From helping us from redundant beat, you're hunting the beach area. Yeah. He was a tough one. He's to come up the gold. The other thing was, you don't want to get to the third forefathers. Just gas out. But if you got you in the first one or two, as he just come at your luck. But the original and then they guys were very tough. And then when they went, when they went, they got into the whole Getsu thing and then making it a science. Those tough guys got destroyed because they got tapped out a lot of those guys, you know. Oh yeah. On board. I think Abbott would take Abbott one of the graces. We're getting him and that was like. Yeah, but that used to be fun. Remember when the first start days be fucking someone on the ground, there would be elbows to the face of the face of the face of the face. There's no room to stoop it. There was no rules. Yeah, remember the first couple fights. There was like zero rules. Yeah. Had a survived basically. I know. It's like the five or times in the same night. Do you remember? Yeah. Remember the guy was almost like unconscious. He could hear his out of it. And the guy still panicked. And I was just. Good all days. Good all days. We're men. We're mad. They're good all days. They're good all days. They're good all days. They're my tell you. That was great. You ever seen a Roman soldier naked Dave? I tell you. They were the good all days. Big lady was talking. Why do you want this to the after. I was talking about the trains and how it's happened. How a track was. Good man who can look like a good woman is. What? I haven't seen any that Mr. G. likes look like a woman yet. No. No. I said this is Mr. G. He was afraid that Big lady would try to like hump him or something like that during the fight. You know, but he wasn't worried about it. And it's like Mr. G. Shade. He's a little pitchy. He was all clean clean cut. Oh my god. He's getting all out. You know, he's at this point, you know, there's no turning back. Mr. G. Mr. G. Everyone's like, how can you being so nice to Lenny? He brought him cookies. He got him supplements. He brought him a t-shirt and posters. I said because he's afraid. Big Lenny may drop out of the fight. He's put so much time to prepare for the fight. He's got to make sure Lenny actually shows up now. So what's that behind? I can see Lenny did Lenny actually get a post tonight. He's a post. He made a post for both of them. Yeah. He did all the artwork. Oh, I can't help. He should get issue call up Logan. Paul, what the moment. See, you think and this guy's got a lot of work. Can fight the winner of Mr. G. Big Lenny? I don't know. Maybe Logan can just come and referee. So I get some viewers. Yeah. Yeah. Logan. Now Logan Paul's at a different level. He can't. Yeah. He's not going to be fighting any internet bombs anymore. You know. But the exact thing is probably five eight years ago. Logan Paul was doing that type of stuff. He was really stuck. He wasn't 63 years old. Mr. G. 20, 20, 20, 40 years old. I look. May we're the guy in the ring at 44. It's hope for any bad thing. That's right. That's right. Look, I'm sure there's, look, Tyson's back. What is he 54? Isn't he got a, I heard someone said he's going to fight Holyfield things. Well, they were trying to originally set that up. And for some reason, they didn't work out. And then they wound up, I think Holyfield wanted to move. And then they did to be right on the junior. Yeah. He could be back on that. We probably failed. Yeah. You know what? It's like these old singers that sing these old like synoptis songs. Like everyone's in a while. They'll be looking at like an nostalgia phase that will come out. And everyone wants to hear guy singing like synoptrin. And for like a year or something like that. All these old crew and his old comeback. They're going on cruises that make him money and stuff like that. We're in this year and now we're pretty much anyone can live Sheem anything. And the internet is where it's that. And followers and likes. And you know, we have our heroes, right? The Tyson's and the Holyfield's old. We've got to grow up. We want to see them fighting each other. So let him fight each other like old men. I'm the internet. You know, it's like, what is all boxes? Or these old boxes coming back. That's right. Or these old fucking bodybuilders coming back. That's right. I want to see old old folkies like, you know, Lee Priest and Sean Ray, you know, fucking slug it out in the right now. Coming out on our walk is on the stage. Here we go. I love you, funny. I'm trying to think of like, like, like, who's some of the, like, I'd like to see quorum here. Fight a few people quorum here as a tough dude. And then eat a lot of wrestling too, Chris. So yeah, maybe like quorum here like verse like, Or you know who's also tough guy? What about my Christian? My Christians old, you know, let's try my Christian and the ring again someone, you know, like Victor Richards is something like that. Let them fight it out. He just, it was like, just like the most before him in the ring. Well, I know they had a run in the old days and go, Jim, so maybe we can get Victor in the, and my Christian A fight with something like that for charity. Right. He has shit because they had different stories. Did they on who walked the way and who said what? The difference is that no one in the Biden world is going to put up the good money for that. Whereas these boxes in the boxing world, they could raise money from anyone to fight, you know, sir. I know. And much, much as Mr. G raised yet, but he's, who the heck knows? You know, as power eight power eight come on board, who's come on board? Maybe Ed Conners can get like a flush find go. We can get some of the old time body balls to fight each other, you know? Everybody, everybody, everybody. Everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody. Body balls will do anything for money, you know that. You can probably put a $10,000 prize up there and you'll get pretty much anyone will fight each other for that, you know. Well, you might be a good side of it, but you should have the pro show so you can sit around. I don't even want to see these guys, I don't want to see the old guys posing on stage because then I can look good, but I do want to see him fight each other. That would be good. If only one, especially when the good thing is sometimes two when people aren't really good fighters, because it just like the hey makers come out. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't even care if they train for it. I just want to see them slug it out. Yeah, exactly. But I just grab a hold of each other and lay down. I was going to let go first. I'm going to be like, actually, Mr. Lennie will like it, because it would be like they just dry him, but on the mat. But be like, I mean, would you love to see Arnold fight, Louis, you know, just like for charity or something like that? That would be cool, right? Yeah. That would be interesting. I think Louis might take it. Louis is a little younger though than Arnold. But Arnold would trick him probably. You know, Arnold would like to talk over there. I know, I would be like, I'll lead a smart one and Louis would just be, I think Louis just says that when you're looking at some thought that I've seen him get angry, not on the hoax TV show, but I've actually seen him get angry. He just seems to have like that crazy person strength. You know, he's just people got drugs. Yeah. Yeah. Like, I don't could get mad, but Louis just says that like, you know, it's snap and go crazy. Well, Louis is probably very strong still. He's in very good shape. I'd love, but I, you know, imagine that fight for charity. Even it, you know what? I don't even care if they fix it and they make it up in choreographed or something. I wouldn't just want to see it because it would be historically funny. Right. They finally sort out the link. Right. And then Louis, Louis lost it so many times when he should have won. Like, once is for a lot of loop-wrig number. So I'm just saying, you're in the ring. They probably read millions for charity. Yeah. As you remember when that time he was going to do the South Africa one then says you break turned up and Louis got third. Of course. And then when this master's being come along, Louis's got finally, I'm going to get a limpia trophy. Robbie Robinson popped up out and they were. Yeah, they got a lot of Tim buck too. They got, they found Ryan Robinson and brought him in. Yeah. And he popped up on a fucking mountain somewhere in Egypt. I don't know any mountains in Egypt, like you Sarah. I think I think it was like, whatever. I think they should. But like I said, this is a bigger decision is funny thing with Lenny and Mr. G. But it's like a trade that's so long the other side. But it's just corn. Yeah. Now yeah. It's like home to find out right now. I said, let's just get in over with the ready and move on. Yeah. Like, one of the needs to do something to piss the other off the revive this. Right. You know, Lenny, Lenny older 66 Mr. J. again or something. Get him. You know what? Well, there I don't think Lenny ordered the 66. I think the people who ordered the 66 ordered the 66. Those guys actually don't even like Lenny. There I know Lenny and Rob Ziller are fighting with those guys. So there's multi factions now. You got to keep up with the. Oh, I'm going on here. You know. That's like like Star Wars, the roll fuck and old branch and off in the rebel forces. But you got to look at those people ever ever. Check that Lenny's pay and Lenny's being and then sometimes. Just look at the people that make the comments. I mean, fuck if you want to see a side show freaks. Just just look at somebody's people's profile features. You think you think that you put it this way. If Lenny was a drag queen and had the sex change and could have children and the toxic Avenger had a baby. These are the people that follow their their off. Yeah. You know, you see the hills have eyes. Yeah, you're right. Some of those guys looked at me were probably starring that movie. Yeah. Oh, no one's from the high up in the Appalachians. Now if it's the people in the Appalachians, but there's been a few movies made about the area down there. It's like Tasmania here. Yeah. Yeah, brother. Brother and sister, your mother and father and stuff like that. But hey. Keep your family circle closed. That's right. That's right. All right. Well, you know, what are you traveling now? Are you getting on an airplane, sir? I don't know. I'll probably get the apple. You know, it'll be the proof to leave. I'll probably get the apple now. It'll be like, woo, woo. Hold him. Buy our heads that he said three shots. Yeah. You might actually might be ready to act in by now. Who the heck knows what they put into them? They might not let me leave. The countenance guy. He's like, got the hope of the world in his hands. He's carrying the kill. Yeah. I was going to say, they're going to harness your blood. They're going to like, leech you all the blood out of you and make it back. He's going to be like, I'm going to be like, we'll sniff in. I'm going to be like, this, that we follow. They're going to be following me around. The government's going to be following me everywhere. Tyler and I went to my friend Tom Crutchfields in Homsford, he's got like a whole room of just cobras. And they built the cobras for the venom. You know, so they can develop, you know, the antidotes for it. That's going to be you. They're going to like lock you in a room and just draining your blood like 24, 7, like that. And put me on one of those massage tables and just milk you. You all, you all wish they were doing that to you, my friend. I got to be like a snake when I put their fangs in the glass. That's right. And they buy it for the accident. Actually, what might happen to my head, head, head, head of my cock in a beaker like that. Just now. This is what they're going to actually have you in a room tied down with it. Get the loob at it. And then big lady's going to walk in. He's going to milk you. Ah, from the frost date. I think I'm going to cross. It's going to milk your frost. Yeah. I probably will be. That's it. You know, I probably will be taking a body. So when you don't see him in her from me for a while, I will be probably tied up on a table. Choose. Take his plasma. Take that part of his blood. Take that bit. There we go. All right. I got to wrap this up. I got to wrap this up. I got to wrap this up. I got to wrap this up. If anything happens to you like, just have your wife let us know. So we, you know, we can start to go find me. Can't thank you. Yeah. I'll probably get one that I was on Tania's human combustion. Remember those, but I just. Yeah, it was kind of like right on fire, you know. That's amazing. Isn't even what those shows and books on it. Like the whole body's burnt, but they burn that quick and fast. They close the building. Yeah. It's just like. Yeah, I never really understood the mechanism behind that, but I, I've seen, you know, I've heard of it, where people to spontaneously combust from whatever reason I don't know. It much dnp. It must be the, the, the flatter theory that the Jimmy, the bowl was talking about. I was saying that from above, you know. Greg and he's girlfriend were a wife, but it was message of me yesterday, because they just said they watched the documentary on the abats in Australia. They got those bats at a, they call them flying foxes. Because if you google flying fox, google a flying fox, it's got a head like a fox, but the wing spins like five feet or more. You Americans have, you Americans have little bats like this. So he couldn't believe it. So I went out the back of every night. Hundreds of them fly over. The one night I got Greg on the phone. None fucking fly. Not one. Normally there's hundreds. So it's going to film and pouring. But home, here. There's a big, wow. See it? That's a big picture. That's a back. Everything's big and deadly down. Now I know why they call them flying foxes. Because they're fucking foxes with wings. Holy shit. And they wrap themselves up like the batman move it. They wrap themselves up. The wings are so thin. You can see through their wings. They're like, or the big veins run through their wings. But when they open up like that, they're really five foot long. I haven't said they're Australia. Definitely still has some dinosaurs left from pre-historic times. There's no doubt about it. You're looking at, you're looking at one mother. What do you go with those? What do they call cassowaries? Cassowaries? Oh yeah. But you're seeing the feet on them. The claws. Oh, they're looking at the feet. They got a big, big thing on their head too. Yeah. If they're up in the forest, they sign. Stange it. That's a fun idea. That's a modern day dinosaur that somehow made it through the meat. What a, what a fucking, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a picture. So people can see it. The cassowary. But it's like, what does cassow, like, how fucking they do? And imagine, but imagine someone saying, how did he die? Oh, I fucking bird kill. What, you know what? I saw an e-mue at Demo. He went to Crutchfield to the, you saw that Tyler. The thing was scary. And I got news to you. Those cassowaries are a way, way, way, way, way, way. It's way, way, way, way. Cassowary. Cass, C.A. W.L. Cassowary. And then it just W. It should come up. Then she's preferred. Yes. There it is. There it is. Yeah. Those look like it's like a palatable. Like a palatable. Like a palatable. It's like a colorful ostrich with a fucking blade on its head up. But it's the, it's the feet. Like they told us about the, the feet are, we will gut you in two seconds. Oh, yeah. That's how the kangaroos do it to a kangaroo of its fight. Yeah. They lean back on their tail. And then they take their back legs and just rip. Oh, they do. Great. Yeah. You got too many dangerous animals over there. And I'll show you. I'm glad you guys don't let any of them out of there. So that's good. There you go. Look at that. Look at that. That's a freaking, that's a raptor. You might buy the same one. That's a one. And then when it comes to really doesn't it with the, with the, with the thing on its head and Sheet it doesn't look hot for loss or after that. Imagine that to add had to die on her boot. Because cute boy a boot. Yeah, you'll never. That's that a bird. That's a fucking dinosaur. I'm sorry. Look, I got a raptor. So I love you man. I hope nothing happens from the vaccine. Keep us updated in, uh, we'll see you next week. I guess. Fine. I'll be trying to, I'll be trying to, I'll be trying to, I'll be trying to, Oh my god, we're dying to, I've been trying to hold it, they give a finished show to you. Yeah. Clay Poles moment feeling very weird here on this Tuesday afternoon. We'll see you next week.