After working hard at the gym, you need a mattress that works as hard as you do. Spinaline has engineered the perfect mattress for you and your active lifestyle. Don't compromise your recovery with inferior sleep or to your spinaline mattress today. After working hard at the gym, you need a mattress that works as hard as you do. Spinaline has engineered the perfect mattress for you and your active lifestyle. Don't compromise your recovery with inferior sleep or to your spinaline mattress today. Spinaline has engineered the perfect mattress for you and your active lifestyle. Don't compromise your recovery with inferior sleep or to your spinaline mattress today. The rush begins once pre-workout vape. I'm Dave Polumbau, founder of Spices Nutrition. I created Spices Nutrition with one mission in mind to provide bodybuilders and serious athletes with no nonsensoplements that work and are backed by science. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body and that lives on in the Spices Nutrition line of products. We use only top of the line formulations, toast for maximum results and the best flavoring systems available. I put my name and reputation on every bottle of Spices Nutrition products. If you want to be in your apps, you'll best join the evolution. Welcome back to Iron Rage. I'm Dave Polumbau and I'm joined as always by Lee Priest and the Tampa Pro went off lease. So I guess we are having some pro shows this year. Yes, it did. Yes, I'm like prediction come true. I'm like a pro. I told the bro. Did you? What did you say? Well, now the pressure is on him. Yeah, in the Olympia. Well, you know, evidently flex real time the same thing. He said he couldn't win the Olympia. So I saw even on Nick's strength. I think Dennis James even mentioned that in Nick's like, I didn't even think it at that's very thing. I think I come on. I said that's James. I was ahead of my time. Yeah. I think I think Nick's watching our show because then Nick put up about E and saying how he didn't look happy and look tired and stuff. Exactly what I said. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, he looked like he was good. Yeah. Evidently from what because I interviewed, I interviewed, puntal, a broader. And Hunter told me that he talked to Ian came to his room after they were going to be together. Evidently Ian couldn't his wife couldn't come with him or his trainer couldn't come with him because his wife has to work. And she couldn't afford to, you know, quarantine for two weeks after. So I made it with all the press from that and plus he's. And again, that can issue up if you'll have, if you'll have that support 24 seven leading up to a contest. If I remember a lot of pro shows you guys, if you'd have your training partner or see your wife or someone that's weekly 24 seven, get ready for a show. And then you'd get to a pro show and they say, you can't have anyone backstage. And yet, get these random people you don't know to help put TN on put or online and pump you up. And you know, when you backstage, that's when you want someone to calm you down, just talk to you, keep your relax. Yeah. If no one's there because I remember you couldn't have anyone backstage at some pro shows, but you'd get these fucking doofers. People working backstage, bringing in all the fucking friends back. Luke, you have a photo of him, can you have a photo of him? I'm like, what? So can't bring my fucking wife back. And every time this fucking Harry backstage of a photo with me, I see it's so fucking pissed off. It's like just one person, just let somebody have their own person back there. Right, right. But I will say one thing, the people who always worked backstage were always super helpful, like they just, they just, I think they like being back there. So they were always like, they did. You know, we're not going to mention names, though, but somewhere more than helpful ways. Yeah. They saw that a full lot of people back in their room to help them with their teen way. And they said, you've got some really good glute oiling back in your day. And from Steve, yeah, I'm talking, I'm talking about the female oilers back there. Ah, nice nice, a little, a half the end. Yeah, some of those female oilers would come backstage and they're looking like a minstrel with all these friends stuff around their mouth. I sort of realized the point you found, Dation. Yeah, you know, it was really funny. Have you ever seen like a competitor like a girl on stage, like the two days before the show they look great. And then on stage their tans like all messed up, it's like rubbed off. And you know what she was doing that I have to do. Not that tans, right? That's for sure. In different areas, yeah. Then you might see an oiler backstage or a judge that has some smudges on them. They weren't competing. Exactly. He's got on his hands and just on the front of his thighs. What happened there? Oh, I've got that on what's that disease Michael Jackson. I'm telling you, my skin changes colors in certain areas. That's right. Well, one of the things before we go on there is some very breaking news. I've not thought about it. It's not about laughing on and stuff like that, but I've just come on that I've computed it here. And just be with me from home because it's hard to read. Yeah. Breed, believe, breathe. It's hard to get out. Court, Nick, our dash in. Yeah. I don't know how you can do it. We've got a K. Yeah. She's not OK right now. After her son, Rain, had his long hair shaved off. So it was that upsetting day, black me. I'm here to go. You left me. You left me Davos at upsetting. I'll hold your hand. I won't leave. You left because it was at upsetting. Yeah. Yeah. I never got the tissues. Yeah. Can you believe it? She's not OK after his long hair was shaved off. Oh. Now in a world of COVID and bombing going off and people murdered, this is terrible news today. You have to go to psychiatry. I'm going to go to bed. Good day. Can probably go with Conny. Yeah. Yeah. They can get like a family's back and feel. You know, actually I saw, um, speaking of, um, that whole weed family. What's the name Caitlin was on TV the other day? Oh, she's so round her. Yes. Bruce Caitlin, whoever. Yeah, but she was on there and she looked in like you had more work done. Looking a little bit prettier if that's possible. But she was on their saying how much she loves Conny. I in this and this and that and how he always supported her. So she's sort of going to support him. Yeah, I'll just be houses. You can just see it now. He's that fucking mental next thing. She, he's going to leave Kim and end up with fucking Caitlin. There you go. That's what a story that I don't mean. They can have their own reality show. That's probably what it would be. And then we're like, Conny and I want to have a baby. Yeah. Who would carry the baby? That's for sure. We want to be the baby. And they would say they probably pay for his generous, the mother to carry the baby, right? And she probably would because she's a nice case too. Well, this would be more content for the TV show probably. We want to make some little trendy for she's for the baby. So Bruce would be the mother technically. And then you would be the father. But Chris would be the arrogant mother, right? Yeah. She'd be very complicated. So what would the kid call Chris like? And or mom? I don't know. And I think the kid would just call her a mess like everybody else. But look, as funny as that is, it's not that far fetched when it comes to that pain. Oh, no, no, no. That probably do it for another couple of hundred million fucking episodes. Absolutely. You'd probably do it too for a couple hundred million bucks. I'd shut up. He'd shut up there. He's embryo in this. I'm not my ass. I could develop it. For a couple hundred million. I'll see if we can grow in. That's right. That's right. That's right. In fact, it a topic that we're talking about. I don't remember where we were going to talk about it. Anyway, Tampa Bay plays this past week. LeBrona won as we know. But what we found was that all the international guys that wanted to compete weren't able to come in and do the job because there was quarantines and all kinds of crazy stuff. Now, the reality of the situation is that we have the Olympia at the end of the year coming up, obviously. And this probably more than half of people who are qualified for the Olympia are international guys, like really winkler and William Bonack and big rammy who actually bigger than I call. They ain't coming. Alright. Well, given the fact that they may not be up now, if I said earlier on my ass day to evening show that if I was those guys, I'd be moving to the US now establishing myself here so that when the Olympia comes around, I'm not like scrambling at the last minute trying to get a visa. I can get over here now, just stay here until being went there. But whatever the case may be, whatever the strategy may be, I want to know, we pre-stop five pick for the 2020 Olympia. Imagine the odds makers and vagas. It's almost impossible to handicap this show because you don't know who's going to show up. First of all, you don't know if like, Kai or Phil may take a special invite. We'll road and be in jail or not from the rape charge. It's such a difficult show to figure out. The only people we know who are in the show for sure, assuming they don't get injured, is branding curry, hunt a labrata and flex lower. Yeah. Who do you think is going to be top five? If you had a million bucks online, who would you bet on? What's your top five pick? Ooh, I think, well, go by the, if Brandon, labrata and flex Lewis, you know, because I like flex lower's body type. If they're all in the best shape, I'd probably put flex first. Interesting, okay. And then we've Brandon and labrata. Maybe Brandon, because he has that still probably a bit more mature muscle than labrata. But he and they labrata won the Tampa. I still don't think we've seen him at his best, like, you know, coming in dry as they can. I think he can come in condition more. So even seeing labrata hunter with a bit more conditioning, because we're on the what conditioning can do as far as illusions go on stage. So he could. Yeah, it's hard to say, but then sure, like, is it wasn't that think we're sure on any way of that right case being? I don't know. That's good. That's anyone's yes. No one's talking, no one's saying a word. Obviously if he beats the case, he'll be, that'll be a big story. You know, he'll, him on that. I'll let you say it. What if he doesn't, doesn't it piss you off, though? It's like, look at the money he's missed out on over the last not doing last year's Olympia because he could probably could have won it. Right. Or because of an accusation, and to me, it's like, you know, when when the come forward and start these accusations, it whether it's like someone like Sean or it's a movie star or someone famous, their name straight away boom in the media and everyone just over lose their job. They get stepped down. They get this. They get that. And it's just an accusation, but yet nothing happens to her, but he's lives ruined. He's a hero too later comes out. She lied and he's lost all these money. He's things being ruined. People of, well, we don't want to touch him or go near him because of this accusation that someone made up. Whatever the innocent to prove and guilty, God's sake. First of all, I think your cookies have done in the oven because you're, I hear your timer going on. That's right. That's a watch. I got a few watch this day. I don't know. Secondly, you know, the sand part about the whole road and things. If you get accused of something like that, it's going to affect your ability to make a living and drive. You should be, you should be at least get a speedy trial. You know what I mean? Now, you know what? Initially, they per his side probably delayed a little bit to the repair for the truck. But once COVID comes around now, it's almost like not fair because now he's the guy, how's the guy supposed to make a living, you know? But I didn't even see why. I don't even see why when it does happen, like say, a few more goes to the police or even says, look, I got this thing. I've been right above, I've like, I say, who was it. And they find out who it is. Why is his name released and why don't they just say, okay, this is an accusation. We haven't got proof yet. But they had it, but he was indicted though. So in other words, a grand jury heard the testimony. He felt there was enough evidence that they should be charged. But still he's not found guilty, even though he didn't get it. No, right. Until he's actually found guilty, then he really sees name. But until that point, that's more still. She said he said, tighten it. So it's like, you know, don't put his name out. If he's found guilty, okay, Sean wrote and found guilty of right. But until then, don't release his name. Because how many like we said, people's careers and lives are being ruined. Because their name gets out. Right. For violent crimes like that, they should make the first of the trials should be within three months. I think it should automatically be, look, we got to sell this thing quickly because, you know, it's affecting both sides. Now, if it's rodents sides, the one who postponed everything, then you really can't blame it on. But still it's still a just annoying way to people in the industry. It's sort of who you sure took a step back and went, oh, we don't want to go near him now. It's like, come on now. Where's your fucking loyalty? You know, you know, the type of guy is, and if you don't believe he's a rapist, why fall in for all this shit, you know, wait till he out come. And then if it's found out he is, then go, I can't believe it. I can't believe he did this for until then. He's still the Sean we're on you. So you know, why if this was 10 years ago, would be different, we live in such a weird time when everyone is so afraid to say anything that's politically incorrect, doing anything that's politically incorrect because for fear of backlash, you know, and he, you know what he should have done? And I think he say, he should have just said, you know what I'm being discriminating because of my race. If you were to done that, if you were to go to lawyer's screaming that in the press, they probably would have done a lot of do anything you want to, you know. Right? Just you want to say, hey, you're not letting me compete because I'm black, you know, if I was a white guy to be competing, if he would have gone nuts, and that's not Sean style, because Sean's a like a hot, you know, he's a good guy and he's like very hard. I would have just, I would have just said, look, I never touched him because I'm black and I'm a train section. Yeah, it's like, it's just a gay. Yeah, it would be like, if you're thrown it out, they just throw everything out there. Yeah, it's a shame that they're taking this long. I hope, look, I hope they settled before. Look, if he's guilty, he should go to jail. If he's not guilty, he should be exonerated and this would be a lot of, I'm sorry, it's coming out of white people's mouth. Well, if he's not, if he's innocent and he's not guilty, then she should go to jail. I fully believe if women accuse men it is, they should get what time the man was going to get because, you know, you're ruined someone's career for a while. It's like this stigma against him. And so it's like, but they just get a slap on the racing out. Okay, you know, that didn't work. Let me try again. Where'd it go here in Australia? Try it with a football player. Same sort of thing, City rate, different than it comes out. She's tried it three times before we've other men that's like good thing. And she just goes on to you these smiling at like one of these that wants to be famous on Instagram and That's it. That's one of those. He took it back to the room. They had consensual sex and stuff. And then it was like, ah, we're, you know, it's almost like that. I'm wearing crashes. I'll find you. Yeah, yeah, the crazy. Yeah, yeah, you have the we had six and now we're dating. And that's just the one night scene. Oh, one night scene. Wasn't all show you. Yeah. Well, you know, like I said, the just eventually be served. I don't know when the trial is because I know I thought it was supposed to be in June originally. They probably obviously postponed it again and we'll find out. And like, get on, get on judge duty. She'll fix it up in the comments. Yeah, she'll be like, she'll look at them. She'll like, Sean. Sean. What's that? Look at me. Look at me. Look at me. Right. I am ready. I have ready. I have ready. I know. I can read my, I read minds. What's her friends name? The one that's the bailiff there. Oh, yeah. I don't watch it. I don't watch it that often. What are you saying? Did you see the amount of money she got paid for that show? Oh, my gosh. She's like, oh, you know how long that show's been running. That's like one of the most like popular long running shows around. And now it's changing out of scoring from judge duty. There's a, I've got a new name now. It's like a show this shot. Anyway, getting back to your top five. You haven't been able to even name five people who are doing the Olympia. Yeah. Well, we got flex. We got Brandon and we got Hunter. Now those, well, I'm assuming Ian's probably going to do another show with you. The qualifier. Yeah. I think it'll qualify for the Olympia. Well, I think any of you. I think any of you guys in this episode, maybe top five considering who's going to be. Because I'm sure he'll come back in better condition than he did for Tampa. He'll come back fuller and with his mind in the mall. So he could throw him in the top five there. And then I'm trying to think from last year. Because we won't have, you know, we wouldn't have, Rahmi. We wouldn't have, I wouldn't have, we wouldn't have Bonak. Yes, who's qualified. I'll give you the list. Who's qualified for the Olympia? Branding story. And why on the list? No. William Bonak, Heidi Schouppen, or Dexagex and McCabee at the end. Yeah. Really, Wayne Kler. So he, who probably won't show up. Segic Mcmillan is qualified Nathan Deasher, who probably won't be able to make it from the UK. One morale and flex looks. Well, you can never count Dex there out. Dex doesn't shave. He could easily be top five. No matter what. He could win. He could win. No matter what. Yeah. Yeah. He could even, yeah, come, he hits his peak right and some of those are off. And then what was it? One morale can be. Well, Segic, Segic, said, Segic's always a, you can never count him out. Yeah. Because if he's on his own, but if he's off his off. So it's one day, it's never an in between with Segic. So yeah, that's the, it'd be really hard to actually say, like, as a, if you're a betting person, nothing is just going to come down to whoever hit their peak and gets it 100% on the day. Yeah. That's, that's going to be wide open again. Because as much as I like Brandon too, he doesn't seem, you know, when you had, you know, nothing away from Brandon. When you had Dorian or Ronnie, there was just a dominance about and where it's just like, hey, if they come in at 100% now, one's touching him, simply like that, where Brandon, I think it's still, he's got a great physique, but he hasn't had that dominance like Yates and. Right. But I think when Brandon, if Brandon comes in at 100% even that, and he wasn't the Olympia when he won the last year, I don't think it, I don't think they'll take it away from him, you know. No, I don't, that's anyone that, that's not the only thing that keeps it. Because, you know, we've seen a few mysterious, but I could be that little bit off that cause they're a mystery Olympia, whoever comes in is going to have to be so much exceptionally like, wow, that the, you know, they're going to dominate him. It's almost got, even the 100% someone's got to be 110% if he's on the beating. Right. But if he's that little bit off, the door's going to be wide open again. So that's when Daxa slips in when's the one they're right. Yeah, well, it could happen. That's like, no, if this is going to, if this is going to be his last Olympia, who knows, he might want to go out with a big, the bang. I say the Daxa won't retire. Now that this whole COVID thing's here, and as people can't get over here from Europe, why would Daxa retire? It's like screw this. I'm, I'm keep, I'm going to keep going, you know. What do you say, the head a little bit of a rest now, train, just stuff like that. If you want to, if you want to have your last year competing, you don't want to go out due to, that being able to compete due to COVID, you want at least to say, okay, this is my last year, right, many shows as you can. You know, go out in a positive way, not just like a retired now. How many shows you do, did you only one? I don't know, everything else got canceled, but. Exactly. That would be interesting, but like I said, how many people would actually be in the show, didn't just be in Americans like 10 to 12, would that be the lineup? I don't know. I don't even, they don't even have 10 people here. They're going to have to give out some special windbikes. I don't, but I don't even know who to invite, who do we, you know, have in the lineup that we really want, you know. I said, the, well, like I said, if you feel, if you came back in shape, well, that's a good story. Yeah. And then even if you're doing it, come back and come back and come back in, but then you're going to have people because like, guys, everyone's a love hate relationship with Kai. I mean, I was like, yeah, I'm a lovey, more you're hating. It's like, I was talking shit again. But if you come in, this is what's happening. If you've got a special invite, no, everyone's going to complain. Oh, why did he get in invite? First daddy should really go to invite. Then if you, then if you won, he shouldn't be there. He shouldn't have won it. Maybe he'll do the miscellaneous. You know, they get the miscellaneous, you know, you can dress up with a Geraldine there. Like he was. Well, he could do both. You have to do it. You're only allowed to do one class. No, but if you're, if you're this cross-kind type thing, you might get there. They can't hold it against you, Dave, because it's, you know, discrimination. That's right. Exactly. Exactly. So, and they're on different days. They're on a different day. So, you know, Friday, pre-judging here, he identifies as a woman from Saturday. He identifies as a man. Exactly. You know, he can be, over the first ever miscellaneous, or combined in the world. We might even find out that one of the women's body has been chile along, masquerading. He thought chile wasn't competing, but he's actually known as stage after all. So, What is time to say, do you think, and she looks like kind? She really was kind. You never know. All right. You're just being stupid. Why? I try and keep this show here. When you come on, I just try to keep it. I try to keep it. Yeah. Look at me. Look at me. I'm all wrong up there. It's only free degrees here. Is it really that cold? Yep. I was training the other day outside. I thought it doesn't get that cold when you are. Dave, come on. Learn some geography, mate. You're almost Northern Australia, aren't you? Yeah, about a still snow, not far for me, but I'm middle. And then just down south. We've got some of the biggest snow fields in the world. You know what it's all to do. But you're not south. I'm south. You know, it gets so cold outside. You know, when you're holed up cold bar and it just burned your hands. Yeah. Look at my fingers at that dry, always the camera. Okay. You're training in your garage. Yeah. Look at that. No, my fingers are split open. Yeah. Mine are two from getting bit by snakes. Well, you're an idiot. Please, please. Please, please. When I play with my snake, it's got no teeth. Ah, they can't just spit at me. All right. Yeah. Now we're in the toilet bowl. Yeah. I'm hanging up on you. I love you. We pre-start five. Give me the top five and then I'm hanging up on you. Not in any order. Okay. Just top five. Brandon Hunter Flex Lewis. Decks the Jackson. And I'm an e-in or sadrick. Okay. They go pre-start five. I'll empty it. Selection. I'll be able to follow them. Definitely not be a final peanut probably. Stay out there. Another interesting addition of iron rage. We'll see you next week guys. And I think I did about Courtney. Courtney's life matters KLM. Maybe he should donate some of your hair to the cause. Maybe he can make a wee that of it. Yeah, clear. Courtney's life matters KLM. Kayling