Welcome back to Iron Rage, the show where John Ramon O'Leapree tonight, event our frustrations with the world, Lee Priest, Colin and obviously from Australia, John Ramon O'Missing an action, but Lee today's show, the topic is about fat dieting. I gotta tell you, I'm so sick. If I get one more question from people asking me about, what do I think about this diet? What do I think about that diet? What do I think about this diet? This guy said I can eat chocolate cake if I don't throw this in many carbs. This person said I shouldn't be eating fat. This person said that if I eat protein, I should only be eating the egg whites and fish. This person said I should only eat red meat and then I got the guy who's got the carnivore diet, the only eats meat all day long. I can't deal with it anymore. Why can't people just go back to normalcy? Remember in the 80s and 90s, there was a diet that everyone followed. It worked. People got in shape and they did shows, why does everyone have to reinvent the wheel? I don't know, I tell them that they didn't reinvent the wheel, but what I think it is now that there's so many so-called personal trainers and experts out there that everyone just trying to make a buck come up with a new diet, put their name on it, give it some fancy little name out of number two and they say this is what you mean to stick to. But like I said in the old days, now I had all these fancy diets. You know what you gotta eat the polka? That's nothing at the point when they say those pictures of me. Lee, were you on a dirty polka? What sort of polka would you do when you're doing that? There is no type of polka and you just fucking eat food and you get heavy. That's what there is. You want to get lean, you cut the fat food out, you cut out the fats in the process foods. You know, eat clean and get on the fucking treadmill and just start training a bit harder. So, but now everyone's got this thing, like you said, so much protein. I've even got the guys out here now to go and get their blood done because they've got to find out what blood group they are because a blood group can go with the diet. That's another 3 days, right? It's like, I'm blood group A, so I can only eat this type of meat and at this time of day and then they have what you said before about that fasting diet, we only eat so many meals a day. It's just giving me something right. That's the thing. Yeah. And then all the came out was after a show you go and eat, but now that's, do you have a refeed? Do you go refeed your body? It's like a feed my body every time I fucking eat. I don't know what a refeed is. And once a second, what are you going to do with it? I'm going to do a negative day, right? Well, as soon as you talk about it, they said, like, all we're, looses is what everyone's doing. You've got to count your macros. Well, I think your might day, you had like a little calorie count of book and you could work out how many calories was in the piece that you can stuff. But then after a year or so, you pretty much knew it and the more diety you did, you just went by looking at it pretty much knew what the food was and the best way to go was by the mirror, I did some food if I was hungry. If I looked like I wasn't losing weight, I just cut back on a bit of food or just doing more cardio. But now, everyone's got to go to go, come up with these fancy ideas and like you said, don't come and ask you what the gym, I'm eating this, what do you think I should eat? And then I go ask another person, I'll train it. But as I should do it this way, I can have a guy diet not long ago. Maybe six months and next thing I see with the gym, I ask another person, I'll try it, it comes over here, I'll just speak to think here, because my cards should be done. And then I'll go talk to him and why fucking ask me. That's just stupid. You know, back, I remember when I was reading the Bodybuilding magazine's, when I first got into it, I remember reading Lee Haney's meal plan. And it was so simple, it was in the morning, he had two hall eggs with another like six or eight whites and he had a bowl of oatmeal. For lunch, he had a chicken breast, he had a bowl of rice and he had maybe a tablespoon of olive oil on it. I mean, it was protein fat and carbs. It was basic nutrition 101 that was that as always worked for everyone and then when he got ready for a show, he cut his carbs back. That was it. It was so easy to get it worked and we all did it. And yeah, granted, we've learned a little bit more about supplementation now and essential fats and maybe some vitamins and minerals and something like that. And maybe we know that we have to take vitamin D nowadays. But the basic nutrition is nutrition. I don't get these people with, oh, I could eat it. Don't it once a day on my diet, because it fits my macros or I'm only eating six hours out of the day now, but I eat 4,000 calories in that. Or I got to eat 10,000 calories because otherwise I'm not going to grow. I eat, Lee, it's driving me nuts. I got to be honest. And I do diet to people all day long. It's, I can't believe the ridiculous thing that I see out there. This is like the old days, like when you said the old dieting, like Arnold was milk egg steak, you know, just for protein milk and egg proteins and stuff. Staking potatoes. It's all the way. Like I said, Lee Hayden's diet, we used to talk about then the egg white, two whole eggs egg whites, I don't know, there's pretty much my breakfast when I'm dying. And then I'll have chicken and rice or steak and rice and then later in the day, I might have steak and vegetables or chicken and rice and chicken and vegetables at night. I said, I've always just stuck in a basement. As I said, it was not broken. That try fix it. Sure, maybe these days, some people, because everyone's got some fucking our mid-carb sensitivity. Well, they said the kind of that, I can't have this or they're a little too much. It's like, so then then you might have to, you know, tweak someone's diet. But generally, majority of population, if they just stuck to the good old basic, it's going to work for them because I live just saying that if you're on Saturday every day, I hate when you give someone a diet at the gym and like, sometimes it's for your mouth's more than me, but I'm not thinking on women here, so they come down on me. But you give them a diet and then you see them doing cardio two hours a day. They come back at the gym and train at night. And then four months later, how much weight if you're lost? I'm still about the same, because you and I know if you just clean up your diet and just start training doing cardio, you're going to lose fluid in like a week or two. You're going to drop a couple of kilos just from water. So if you've been on the diet with giving you for three months and nothing's changed, well, you're fucking cheap when you go home or you're eating pizza or something or I love this one. You hear the personal trainer, the gym teller clients just so they can keep ripping them off. One way weights to save and the client, the personal trainer says, well, what's happened is you've actually lost the fact that you're gained muscle. That's why the scale hasn't changed, but I'll get the calipers out. Oh, yes, look, you've actually put on muscle, but you've lost body fat because your waist is a centimeter smaller. Yeah, I know. Percuss. And the other thing that drives me crazy is that people cannot go more than 10 minutes without putting something into their mouth. They got to be either drinking branch, changing the meat away, restaurants every minute of the day where they got to have an inch of workout car, but they got to have, while they're on the toilet, they got to stick an atom erupt their ass, you know, just hit it to adjust it. Extra couple of grams of a glutamate. I don't get it. Why can't people just let their bodies diet and lose the weight? I see her. So I got a person who was an India. They, this guy, his former coach had him take in so many intro workout, branched Shane Amino as his glutamate, creatine, all day long. The guy couldn't lose any weight. I pulled all that. I didn't change his single thing about his diet. I just pulled all the crap out. All those powders that he was drinking and he got in shape in two weeks. Just from taking that stuff out. People think don't understand this calories and that stuff. You can't lose weight if you're always putting something in your freaking mouth. Stop drinking. Stop taking stuff. You're seeing with the gym. The gym is just drink water but now the other day, the other day, the intro workout, the trip is water. I never knew you were going to have to do that. During the day, the thing is, too, it's like, I forget every fricontas on regiment. If only I come to eat. Every two hours every three hours because you're putting something in. Because it's lean food, you're always hungry. But off season, people couldn't believe it. Because you know, we've been over before what I say. After you're trained, you've got to go on eat. There's an antibiotic window. I was like, you know, I wish somebody's comes with jump-out. That fucking antibiotic window from 10 floors up. But, you know, it's like, if I ate something as off season, I think when I'm hungry, I might have a big meal for breakfast. But then, if I'm doing stuff or going out, doing things, I like not eating for four or five hours. I'm not one of those people like, I've got to eat now. I've got to eat now. Well, at the time, you've been in the shows where guys have popped up. They're not contested, really. But yet, they're carrying their fucking S square around. They're carrying their fucking gallon, four gallon thing of water. They're going to fucking dehydrate. I'm going through the Simpson desert. It's like, bloody hell mate, you can get water anyway. You're not going to die watching a two-hour bodybuild. You're going to show me, you need to chuck a water. I just think, yeah, and like I said, carrying my meals, I'm carrying mainly if I was dying, but off season. I could go out and ask without eating enough to work out, maybe. I might have a protein drink, but then I might not eat for a couple of hours. But these people, I've got to eat now, I've got to put it over. I've got to find food. I was like, fuck off. You look like shit anyway. So something's not working. It's like, I don't know about finding food. You better go find some fucking genetics. That's wood stuff. When you're dieting for a show, the idea is that your body is living off stored body fat. If you're constantly putting something into your body, your body's going to use that as the fuel source. They're not the stored body fat. And then these people wonder why they can't get into shape. You know? And then the best thing is you see these same guys at the show. They're not in shape, and they're eating 4,000 grams of carbs to carb up on. And the water that's still like sweating profusely, you know, you're supposed to be dry as a bone backstage. And these guys are so bloated and sweaty, because they're eating so much freaking food in it. And that in shape, it's disgusting. And then they're like, I think I need to take insulin next time. Because I'm absorbing my food or something. What about the ones that are still fat backstage, sweat and like pigs? And you go back and eat in a chocolate bar. And I said, one young kid wants to eat it. It's going to bring my veins out. I'm like, what's going to take a bite? I'm going to take a fucking one of those wet shop vacuums to bring your veins. You've got a pump, they fucking water out. He has like, smooth as a baby's pump, but he said, oh, I hear you're like your chocolate and bring my veins out. I said, yeah, maybe if you've been there, or pull a rabbit out of your ass too, like a fucking magician. Just like somebody's people just have no idea, but they're always constantly eating those things backstage. Then it was wide backstage. Everyone's got these little tricks to do. Why in your mind? If you're dry, I've always said, if you're dry, and you're in shape, you're in shape. Sure, maybe you might get a little bit of a sugar rush from some of that stuff. But these people that think that, like, a look a certain way, but when I go backstage, what a magic happens and they come on the knee here the next day. Well, you know, I wasn't carved up enough. I had it carved, I was too deeply. It's like, what excuses come out? That's why I've always got ready. I've already two weeks out. That way you can play around with your food, play around with your diet. And see how your body responds. There's these people to think there's a magic pill at the last week, but I said, the whole dieting thing's just like I said, they're over-complicating that. That's like, what does the good people dice? They look at me sometimes and go, oh, he's at it. I'm like, well, what did you expect? There's not rocket size, but you're there expecting some big thing. And then you get the ones that call you up nearly every day who women are the worst against, or either hop on the scale every day. I'm up a key, like, I'm down a key, like, or I'm up two key, like, just like, just a fluid fluctuating. They're obsessed by the scale. It's like, stay off the fucking scale. It doesn't matter. Looking in the mirror. See how you're looking there, but yeah, and then you get the ones I said, they've got to be it after training, what are you going to, like you said, your body's got to burn the fat first, but they're thinking, you've either eats straight after my workout, my body's going to go straight and fucking eat on my muscle. But it's like, for one, you got no muscle to eat, so I might start eating your fucking bones before it fucking, if I can scale it and collapse it on the extreme. Yeah, I said, I tell him, you got plenty of body fat, don't worry about your muscle being eaten up. Yeah. Those, those do if you open the day and eat, for fucking months, you'll have a bit of muscle. And I think they're, they're worried about their inobonic windows. Too bad. So I think you, I think you'll survive if you don't miss a meal after you work out. Well, I always say the most dangerous people backstage at a show are not the people that look the biggest and close. It's the skiniest guys that enclosed it, have the Ethiopian life faces like they stay looking to have an eating meal in a week. Those are the guys who've been watching out for them, so when they take their clothes off, they're fucking shredded. Those are the people that went to the house. Well, call me, you know, I said, I mean, because every time I go back to the side of the way, black, black, black, black, black, black, you pay, it's a big black jumper, outstanding in a corner. Now, one paid me attention, I'm like, good, I just face the wife from everyone, but every time I pump up, I don't go into the toilet, put the oil on underneath my clothes, come back, yes, and I'm still sleeping. Have you pumped it up? And every time I took off the Christmas hair, I go, we had a fact in that shit come from. Like I said, you just under the clothes. I remember when, serves you, break back in the day when I was young, come here, guess posing. You had on a black, cool piece, like jumpsuit. Right. You can tell he had shape on him. Like, yeah, he looks like, okay, you can tell he's like, nice, shoulders, more waste. Doesn't look nothing big, but when that fucker walk down on stage, your guess pose and the spotlight hit him, it's where you put 200 pound muscle suit on, he's just massive, you like. Yeah. Was that the same guy that was just in that bloody thing? But you have seen it before, day when you go to his national contest, a band-and-white guy would be on stage or a lightweight, and you're like, fuck, he looks incredible. He walked past you in the audience, you go, wasn't the same guy on just on stage? He looks so small and closed, but when they're undressed, it's like, and then it's the opposite, the guys are in a massive, and their clothes get on stage and look like, he bloated the loons. So crazy. Yeah. Well, what I noticed is it's 6.30 or 7 in the morning there, and it seems to be getting darker rather than lighter. What do you guys have in the clips over there? The sun's coming up, look. That's not a new tattoo, that's not a new tattoo, all my face, that's the Venetian blinds putting sun. I thought you were like, I thought you did a zebra stripe sign your face. Yeah, a commando look, you know? No, it's actually getting lighter, because I think we're coming out of, and September we're coming to Summit here, I think you should go and see the other side of the set. Yeah, absolutely absolutely. Well, I'm in Florida, it's always summer here. Now, Lee, oh, I'm always summer, and always old people. That's right. I'm getting old side, but that's why I belong here. Let me just tell you this though. You know, finally, you know, to end the top of what's talking about, all the craziness, if you have a gift like one piece of advice to someone who's like, looking for a coach, or looking for the right, maybe die, to get them in shape for a show, what, what should you look out for, and what should you look for? I don't really just look for, you know, if you get to a gym long enough, you get to see people who might see them have transformed their body, they don't have to be completely a body, because you might just see a normal person that has started off the gym, they've been overweight in a loss, wait, can I just go ask them what you do, get some ideas from them, because really when you talk to people, it just comes down to sensible leading. That's why here in Australia, we've got the things on TV, they want to be in, you know, co-copop ads, and they want to be in this and that because they say it's causing kids to be a beast, seeing having these sugar cereals and McDonald's is causing the obesity, it's like, no one's forcing you to eat that food, I said, you know, they say we need more education for people, I said, even the general public who doesn't train, knows what's good and bad, you know, Kentucky McDonald's, you've eaten enough of it, it's not good for you. So we all know what to lose, but it's just, you know, the fact-class foods, you know, I'm more convenient, it's a lot of people eat it, a lot of times, I don't know what it is in America right now, but they always say you've got to have so much fresh fruit and vegetables a day, but here at the moment, the feed you've had a lot of kids, that's more expensive, you know, the chewing cream burgers from McDonald's works that cheapest atly, so, but it's not that good on the education, we all know what's good, but I just tell people stick to the basics and if you look for a coach, like I said, because we know what's is good and bad, you can pretty much do it yourself, because like I said, it's all trial and error, you just gotta see what works for you. You're gonna have someone give you a few pointers, say try this, try that maybe, different foods, do you want time, a day, you want to eat, but that's the main thing too, people with jobs and that just have to try and schedule a meal, just different, because if you are a pro-voidie, you've got more free time to get those meals, but if you've got to office job, you might be able to have a breakfast, but you gotta go to work and you might be able to sneak a shaking at some point a day, you might only get a quick lunch break, so you can't go and eat steak and this lunch time, so, you know, if you want to do what you can do, you know, there's meal preparation, you always see how many things we see on Facebook or fucking Instagram, meal prep for the weekend, it's got the meals laid out, who gives that fuck? He's my meal prep for the week, I just take a photo to go and purchase a McDonald's, there's my meal prep for the week, I've got personal chefs that make my food every day for me, sometimes they're young kids and they fuck up my order when I leave the dropper, I've got to go back and get my fucking chocolate sundae, but you know, if I'll excuse them because they're young, but even he actually here in McDonald's, they get like $80 an hour. I heard that you get to see him, you know, I didn't know this, when I went to Australia, I went to a restaurant there, and when I finished eating, I left my usual tip, I leave, like what I was in New York, and the waitress was almost ready to like, you know, she was gonna offer to clean my house, and I afterwards I found it, I asked what the house going on. They're like, you don't tip here in Australia, I'm like, you don't? They're like, no, the waitress is making like $25 an hour, because they're like, they're like, they're like, minimum wage for like a teenage, just 16's like, seven, two, and eightying to all the sundae get down, so yeah. So that's, you know what tips in Australia, lead all? Now, sometimes if you went somewhere fancy, fancy, you might, but now one tips at all, but the thing is, you know, sometimes you don't get good service in a lot of places, because they are, they don't have a chance, right? They're like, they'll fill your drink cup up, you won't seem for the rest of the night, like fuck, you have one drink, when I come back, like that and get a shit, so they're through the diamond, so I was like that, and it's like, that ain't key, but when they're working for tips like in America, you get really good service. So if you hang out the strain along enough, go to a store, where I just, you know, clothing store it at, service is pretty hard to get that, go beyond the counter on a telephone, like, yeah, customer, okay, is like, so service isn't the greatest, but the alleyway is pretty good to do, yeah, absolutely. Well, the guys, the more all the story is today is, if you're looking for a coach, if you're looking to do a contest, I, simple is best, because it's not a complicated process, as Leonai have related, when things seem too complicated, and guess what, guys, you might be getting scam. Keep that in mind, for now though, on day polonbo, with Lee Priest for another installment of Iron Rage.