Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X-Box, our third year in a row. And what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastries from the Low Car Poptart. We've got three and four brands in that carps, and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. One day full of both, founder of Species Nutrition. I created Species Nutrition with one mission in mind to provide body builders and serious athletes with no nonsense supplements that work and are backed by science. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body and that lives on in the Species Nutrition line of products. We use only top of the line formulations, toast from maximum results and the best flavoring systems available. I've put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition products. If you want to be your apps, you'll be best joined the evolution. You look proud to be your new friend. Welcome back to Iron Age on Daypalum. I'm joined by Lee. I think it's Lee Priest in this week. You look relatively normal. You know yesterday, I was at the day before. I was doing cardio and I had to sit there and listen to you fucking ramble on about a fucking dentist appointment. I write you, because you're going to know the number of times. I'll be in the next couple of minutes. I get up at 5.5 or 3rd of duty, show it six and they have to go, you give me 20 minutes. You've done this head gut full of because you're always fucking late. Yes, he gave me the wrong, he gave me the wrong mouth guard though. You know, look, I thought it was you didn't show up to get fit in the same. I'm sick of gross negligence on the part of everyone. No one has any value to their working more. People just didn't say, you know what the problem is, let me tell you. When I went to the dentist's back in the studio, you had a problem. When I went, you could confirm this. Remember when you went to the dentist's back in the 80s when you were a kid, the dentist did everything. Matter of fact, my first dentist clean my teeth too. Nowadays, you go to the dentist's dentist doesn't do anything. You got these, my dentist used to give me that gas and put me on the and touch me. Yeah, I'm sure he did. I know you liked it too, that's what I heard. I know. I know. No, but you read the doctors and the dentist did everything. Now I go to the dermatologist. I have a, you know, something on my face. I think it might be, you know, skin cancer that got nothing was. But, and I don't even see that the dermatologist, I see that the physician is system. They do everything. They cut and things off. They're spraying and this and that. I want to see the doctor. I want to see the dentist. When you start giving your, the people who have less education, the job to do what you should be doing yourself, you get less than spectacular results. And I think that's why the workmanship out there is terrible because I went, I went to the doctor because I wanted to see it. I went to the doctor said, all I see is spots, you know, how to go to the doctor. I said, all I see is he spots. He says, have you seen a doctor? I said, no, it just spots. Now I said, doctor, I feel like a dog. Because we just sit down. I said, I'm not allowed on the 30th. Very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very. I've got actually two big things I want to talk about. Two big things I want to talk about. I'm glad. Why, why is Tyler like, oh, like, so I'm dressed. We let Tyler out of the asylum this week. That's why he's walking back from Goetown and Mobile. Yeah, I'm going to move back. Now, I got two big things I want to talk about, really. Okay. The elephants and giraffes. What do you want to know about them? Nothing. Nothing. They're just big things. I just want to talk about it. I thought, do you know, you actually, actually, if I think about it, if you had a giraff, that would be a good friend because they'd always stick their neck out for you. Wow. You selling Bob Chickerillo now with all the corn balls. So you're throwing at me here. Oh, let me put on the purple fucking glittery jacket, then. Oh, welcome. Welcome, little. There's a lot of corn balls you throw at at me. You don't find since, since you weren't impressed by that. I'm not going to mention my other big thing I want to talk about to Hindenburg or to Spruce Goose. Yeah, yeah. Let me, let me ask you this question. If you had the opportunity to live like on a big acreage type of house, would you, and you had the opportunity to have like a pet elephant? Would you, would you, would you do it? Would that be something that you'd be interested in doing? I don't know because a pet elephant. I guess because I am very, I guess you haven't from a young age. Yeah. elephants are that very sort of maternally and they do like bond and shit. So if you're a bit laden, you're fucking snakes. It do. Oh, absolutely. I would trade all my shit for elephant. Really? Yeah. What about even a pig? There are even pigs of very good food. Yeah. I bet in dogs. What's wrong with a pig? I heard you've been married to a few pig. I was typically like that. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I thought I was fucking, you know, oh, those people are Dealer and then we're just watching you. I wasn't talking about them. They were, but they were class A citizens. I'm talking about the ones we don't know about. But everyone knows about my marriages. Those are Harry, I was carrying pigs, you know, from the farm. You're a kid. You call him Kathy a pig now, Jesus Christ. We could go back and look at some of your life. Yeah, that's shit. That's what's dropping. She was a man, baby. That's a man. That's dropping. That's dropping. That's dropping. Oh, what's wrong with? Let's go. We always bring my skeletons in our closet, Mr. Ruff. Now I always bring my skeletons in our closet. I told you that way, now I can put nothing on. That's right. No, I do too. Let's talk. The topic today is the cancel culture. I didn't know what the term really meant, but evidently, everything you've ever said in your life can be held against you. And it seems like that's what they're doing. What do you feel about this whole show television shows being canceled? You know, all popular celebrities being slammed now. What should take on this? That's ridiculous. It's like when they cancel those old movies, blazing saddles and everything else. You know, within the old days, people actually had a sense of humor. Well, you could put shit on your mate. You could put shit on other people. You could make fun of stereotypes. You could make fun of retard. Can you say retard? It's fuck. I just got canceled. There goes monetarization. But you know what? He's a good point. I want to demonetize these shows because when I watch him, the fucking ads annoy me. So, can't fuck a fucking fucking fucking fucking. Yeah. Yeah, but that's a chance. Actually, it's kind of you think it. If I got this morning and turned the news on while I was waiting for you or late. Yeah. There's his cartoon. He could blue-y something or something or something. It's about a cartoon about dogs on it. One of the dogs is blue. So, but now there's two episodes that canceling because of a certain words that they use in the cartoon a deem does they could be racist or could be. How is that show with, you know, Cartman? You know, the, how is that show? Oh, that's great. That's great, isn't it? That's so, that's so on PC. That's so on. I love it. But they're not politically correct. But who doesn't laugh at that? That's just so funny. Right, but it's like the old, all the family. Remember the Archie bunker. He was the biggest racist around. But what if that, then you had the Jefferson's. I would just as bad. Oh, I know. It was great, but it was that. But humor. It wasn't people laughed at it. No one took it personally. That's what I didn't get. It's like, if you go watch day of shabell, he puts shit on black people. Women, men. People should on white people. Kevin Hart does the same thing. It's comedy. You take it as comedy. There's some jokes you might like. Some, you don't like me. Should I make fun of black swites or Spanish? Chinese. I make fun of women. I make fun of kids. I make fun of kids. I make fun of kids dying. Because it's like this humor and everything day. If you just got to look for it. Yeah, but certainly, of course, that's what that's. That's what gets really nice. And how many comedians haven't done that. But now, like you said, they're going back through. Well, it's what's in that documentary I'm Kevin Hart. And he made that what home of phobic little joke about his life. He was gay 10 years ago. Yeah. And they brought it up now. And they want him to apologize. But in his documentary, I think it's on Netflix. I was like a six-part series where he still does ground for it. Ever seen why should I apologize? I'm not home of phobic. I got nothing against gay people. So why should I apologize for something that isn't me. People know who I am. If they don't like it. So anyone can take anything these days and miss construit. That's why I'm straightforward. If I say you're a count, you're a count. It's like, do he mean that I'm a count? Yeah, I did your count. So I was like, but the way they go back, I mean, they go back. I think one comedian, they even went back almost bloody 15 years. We got this comedian here. His name's the Buttsman. He's been doing comedy forever. But he makes fun of the vegans. He's almost like a Kevin Hart, not all Jim Jeffery's. Nothing's off limits. Just that raw franny everyone laughed at it. And he told this joke, where he first talked about how it was sad. And that member when Christ Church had that shooting, the white guy went into the mosque and killed 47 people. And he was talking about that saying how bad it was. Isn't that he goes, but then he's going on saying, you know, the worst thing about that was he goes, the very worst thing about that mosque shooting was that, you know, when people in, you know, Christ Church come out of the night clubs at night. No one could get home because what a cab driver's would be. And I mean, like the fucking crowd was laughing their heads off. The cancel culture come out. They got his show kids. He showed all his inboxes. He had probably thousands of different. I'm going to rape you, rape your wife, rape your daughter, cut your head off. It's like 30s people who are offended by a joke of putting out different. I know. I know. Oh, I'm fucking hell. But yeah, the TV show now gets canceled or they got to go through these review boards to say, well, that could offend this person and that could offend that person. Half the time, you actually asked the people, I mentioned this before when it comes Christmas time, they want to cancel Christmas carols because they say it might offend the Muslim people, people of different faith, they don't celebrate Christmas. This report, once went out to a predominantly Muslim air in Asked them, does this offend you to like, no, we don't care. If you want to celebrate Christmas, that's your holiday celebrated. Doesn't bother us, but you'll get some fucking white cracker head fuck with politicians, they go, well, I think we should stop this because this upsets the Muslims. They never asked the Muslims, but because his politicians come to the end and says it, the general public goes, fuck them Muslims, they don't want us, but it's not them, it's the fucking dickhead. Right. Like you said, someone that's running these sort of canes or culture that's causing all the fucking problems. Yeah. What do you think about what came out about Ellen, you know, degeneracy, you know, she was like the America sweetheart. Now they're saying she's like the most evil person of all time, you know. Well, I was funded because I saw, I just sort of been a couple of years ago, they had this show and here in Australia just interviewed on different people and two of the people they interviewed on their one was a, what actress it was and one was one of those Hollywood reporters and they were talking about movies you've done with people, people you've met and the Hollywood reporter who the interviewed and they asked them both, who's the worst person you've ever met and Hollywood in the bad, then they both said, well, I don't know if we should say and they both said Ellen there can, oh, she was a bitch and they were yelling, but she's she's so nice. This was a couple of years ago, so I'm surprised it's taken this long to come up and they said, oh, yeah, behind the scenes, she's totally different. Wow. That's true. But generally people, I like that. The ones that protest the most and try and be, oh, hi, everybody, I love everybody. Yeah. Let's look at that, not job Oprah. She's just as fucking bad. Well, it's like, you ever go to like a restaurant like a diner or you go to eat with someone and there's a couple there and they're holding hands and they're giving each other kisses, but then they have to go to the bathroom, they're going to miss you. Yeah. Those are the most miserable people. You know, they're all fucking active. Can they go, can they go to the home and punches are in the mouth? Yeah. Right. You found out he knocked her unconscious in the elevator, you know, and, you know, I know, it's just like, but, you know, I was talking about the whole and games that makes you sick. These are what I love. I'm sure you've seen this day. I was talking about the other day. There'll be a girl in the gym right. The gym training, there'll be a school in the gym real pretty. She'll be over there training. Two, like she's by herself and some of the guys are looking over at her. Add the blue comes this guy, strap in the crust of gym. You walk so about, puts his arm around the pattern on the ass. Gives her a kiss and then he looks around. Almost like almost like his Mark and his terror threat. Right. Mine. Yes. And then, if seeing this having you seeing this happen, they're all over and that. Okay, babe. Everybody know your mind and then he'll walk away and have the feet. There's a box and bag in the gym. Boom, boom, kick kick. I'm just letting you out the fuck is no two. I know how to fight. You're looking at my girl. That's really all the time. Give her a kiss, pattern on the ass and then they walk after the bag. Boom, boom, see that. I'm going to talk about insecure. Right. Did you used to do that when you were dating all the girls? No. I always went with one girl if they want to leave. Fucking leave. You're pretty more girls. I think you should. It saved me money every time I go back to my fucking broke up with a girl. I'll get my paycheck from weed or whatever. And I'll go out and do stuff again and then I'm like, fuck. Why have I got so much more money? Let's talk about. Why does your item singled? Fuck. There you go. You know the whole cancel culture thing to me is such a weird weird. You have to worry about what you say. And it's like we're living like in this like this like almost like we all live in this like walking egg shells. Like you can't say what you really feel. You can't crack and joke. No one has a sense of humor. Everyone takes everything the wrong way. And it's more, it's especially when you're on the top. If you're at the top of the wrong, you're at those big celebrity. You're an athlete. Those are the people that go and after they're scrutinizing everything these guys are saying. And you can go from being the most popular person inside of being the worst overnight. Like that. You know, it's what's in, I'm, what's Jay Rogan, well, I'm doing the treadmill. I was what should he had Rob Blow on and he had Robert Danny Jr. And he ran off in a bad, because he was actually talking to Robert Danny Jr when he did traffic thunder in that and how you know getting done up as that. And you're saying, I hate having they say black face because he wasn't black face. He was done up as a black person. It wasn't just these face. It was his whole body. It's a big difference. But he was saying that, you know, the way it was done, he never done it in the thing way. And you know, a lot of people still love it till he stayed. But he was saying on the Joe Robbins, so he's still waiting for that call. What's the thing he's going to come in when they're going to go away, way back and look for stuff. But how miserable is your life? Well, you're going to go through and watch what, you know, let's pull up someone's Twitter account. Okay, let's go back to when he first started Twitter in fucking 1788. I look at that on the cave wall. We made a joke about something. Fucking that fucking Noah back in the day of Jesus. I think how far do you want to go back and destroy people's lives when look, I understand if someone is totally racist. You can tell the difference between if someone's a member of a fucking KKK or someone's just making a joke. That's a joke. Move on. You can't, why destroy someone's life? It's like they're whole thing. I can watch him kein to saw when she had Rosen bar on. And you know, Rosen bar, sure she's crazy, but she never met nothing by what she's doing. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. They trashed her as being racist. And this one, the thing she said she goes, I couldn't believe the other people on the show didn't stand up to me. People that have known me for 20 years or more. Right. Now I'm not right. Yeah, why didn't John Goodman stand up for her? Because he has no wife and he was, he needed a job. That's really what it was. Exactly. And she's like, I've done so much for like racial problems. She's done so much for women in shelters. Like she goes for all the stuff and charity she's helped and stuff. And I just said pretty much, you know, let's just, that sort of left this type of Hollywood these days. Is he dead? I want you in there. They'll kick you out. Yeah. That's just fucking crazy. It's just, you know, who is blacklisted? Who he's always talked to, talk about it? The, the, the, the, the, the, the. Very important. Yeah, but actually, I'm surprised the kein. So Cole, she hasn't got rid of that word. Blacklisted. Yeah, they, they, they, they, they, very, very, very fucking the rocket to you. So our beer, and brothers, David and Peter who you know and you were close friends with. They, they were difficult to work with supposedly on the set. They told me and they blacklisted them. I don't know what they said. They said something about. And then Peter was going around calling, you know, the, the like the Spielbergs and all the people who run Hollywood. The bad news Jews. He was calling them. So, look at. They, they, they couldn't get on a movie. Maybe they were hot for a while. They, they were, they, they, they, a lot of movies. That did the barbarians, that baby sit us one, they did a couple of them. That's one called something big, but look at even look back at his crazy as when Mel Gibson gets drunk. Yeah, Mel Gibson used, Mel Gibson used and used it, got used to talk about the Hollywood elite and the pedophilia or that sort of shit. Right. Anything that Mel did, they wanted to get rid of fucking nuts. Absolutely. It's like he hasn't had a tie rate when they drunk about something, but... Yeah. There's a, there's a, the whole thing too, is you're having to get someone on a joke that was done, you know, there's times of change. Back years and years ago, Blacks couldn't marry white, she had to go to a separate public. You know, things have changed over the years. So back 20 years ago, joke that was accepted, what end? Because people had a sense of humor, hacking your, getting me trouble for it now. And it's like, somebody jokes back down to steal funding now. I watch blazing saddles and some of the monkey Python stuff that's crazy. That's crazy. They're all brought to life. But, you know, you knew what the world was going crazy when shallow how come out. Yep. I love it. And all those fucking obese women were fucking boycotting the movie. But the movie was about him seeing a girl and she looked as hurt. Wait, but then he found out it doesn't matter how they look, but they took it the wrong way out of making fun of fat people. Yeah. And I'm fucking hell really. Go fucking do some cardio bitch. Just like, why get upset? Look, I understand they people some have a thyroid problem. Yes, some take medications and they get fat. They have a 90% of just fucking fat lazy cunts. That's it. So don't get upset and put on your fucking bikini and take a third of it. You're so fucking brave. You're not brave. You're fat. And you just want people to say, oh, she's so wonderful, isn't she? Put on her bikini. Look at her. How? You're a fat fucker mole in a bikini. You're not brave. A firefighter policeman. Some of the go-to-ath gannesty and that's brave. You're just eating fucking twinkies in your fucking bikini rolling around the floor girl. And look at me. I'm a woman of the fucking 2020 millennial fucking white. Free priests, free priests, you're canceled. Cancel body. I was like, hey, the off-beat baby cancel me. Yes, I got remorse. Well, you know, I think the point we're making is that we got to stop taking ourselves so goddamn seriously. I think that the political machine and which is runs Hollywood too in a sense are purposely doing this because they want to control it. They want everyone to be the same. They want to be the sort of what time it is that only do what we're told, we wear masks, we walk around separate from each other so that they can watch us over the overhead and see our facial recognition a little better. It's true. And they're trying to make us all the same. And you know what? That's freaking boring. That's not what it is. It's true. What you said there because everyone, as soon as they put on the Facebook for instance, people read that and go, oh, I can't do that anymore. Or I can't say that anymore. But this is how you know, my joke is this is, you know, how I fucking racist joke first starts, this is how it starts. Did I turn or want to be? Yeah, yeah. Well, let me just check over my shoulder. But it's like people need to just laugh at shit and don't get so offended. Jokes are jokes, you know, there's a big difference between someone being malicious against somebody and stuff like that. It's like, where did our sense of humor go to these days? Anything you do or say, I just don't believe these groups sit there and go through. Everything is like, this whole thing about being offended is what offend you might not offend me because they got to get offended. I might get annoyed like if someone's disrespect for the old people. It doesn't offend me, but I just think that's disrespectful. It makes me angry, but I don't get offended. People can say what they want to be what I have for years. I mean, I get messages a little time on banging your daughter. I'm banging your mother. I'm doing this. I'm doing that. I say, yeah, I know I'm filming. Remember so I just fucking, I've heard it all before. So I just let it go and, he's a thing here. Right now, at least I don't know the cancer culture, but Australia, we're leading the way for the vaccine day if you do notice. I thought they were, I thought, Wuhan is already all vaccinated over there in China. Oh, that big, that big poop party didn't they? Did you see it? Yeah, yeah. It's a thousand people. Give it all a prime minister to day and a half, the guy said it was going to be mandatory. But now he's backtracked and said, no, we're not going to really make it mandatory. But now to put at least on the news today, if you don't get the jab, you don't get you go the payments. You don't get the go to school. You can't travel on planes and out, or if you do travel in the lead to country, you can't come back if you don't get the vaccine. So we're not making that mandatory, but if you don't get it, well, you guys are the original penal colony. So you know, you're in jail. They're already. They don't let you in and have that country anyway. You can't bring anything. You can't take anything. You can't take anything. You're dirty in jail. That's too far to travel anyway from Australia. You should know, come and he takes forever. If you look at set five, you had the virus when you left America. You won't have it by the time you fucking get you. No, you don't. You don't have the virus. I don't have the jab. I can't come home, but get. If you're a terrorist and you go fight for ISIS, we'd let you back in the country. No problem. What's the worst you could do? Speaking of viruses, I want you to know the lead priest power grip is selling really well. Liquid hand chalk. Oh, look at that. 99.99% alcohol sanitizer. Oh, so you sanitize your hand while you're increasing your grip. I like it. Yes, yes, it's two in one. Where could people buy that lead? On my Instagram page, you click the link in the bio. This is just the temporary one, but we're coming out with nice blue tubes of it. Cool. And this is no mess. You put on your hands and there's no mess and it sanitizes. You get this sanitizing film on your hands. That's a very good idea. You know what? It's the gym. Brilliant. Brilliant marketing, Mr. Priest. If you want to buy it in bulk, just email them. But I think in a dead bee in American dollars, it'd be like five, six dollars. Oh, that's nothing. But that's good. For your safety and you put a lot on, look, I'll demonstrate it quickly. Let me say. You got to shake it. Someone's just tuned in right now. Oh, you dirty bastard. Stop thinking. Look, you put a little bit in your hand like this. Oh, you have a good load there. I need a good, good. Thank you. I mentioned that a beta size of a five cent PCR or a dime in America, or if you're from England, if I can toothed it just fell out. Yeah. You're wiping on your hands like this. Woo. Alcohol in it. I can get drunk just smelling it. They wait like 10 seconds doing this. I do do do pushpoint, apple shake the treat. Right. That's a song for people back in the early 80s or 90s. I'm just letting the dry. It's drying now. Leave very alert. You must have a few cups of coffee. I only had one. Look, I'm still drinking the one. And it's drying. Look, see how it's going. Oh, I see. It comes like over a second. Choc. Yeah. Look, it turns into a side to sleep with the light. No, I can see it. I see it. That's awesome. I love it. I think it's a great idea. And you can put it in your little gym bag backpack. Yeah. So you got this chalk on your hands. So you don't need to use straps all the time. If you ever say how to get big forearms, leave, use a new grip. So you get this chalk on your hand. Right. Look, look, least being racist. He's doing fucking white hands. My, my, my, my. Hands well, my, my, my. Hold on, hold on. I got to open the window. As I'll say in Dave, once your hands go white, you've got this film on your hands. And if this chalk, the little bit, look, no mess. Look, there's no chalk on the gym floor. I like it. There you go. So go to the gym floor. Any of these, if any of these chalk gets in the nailing on the bar, a little bit, those come off. That sanitizes the bar. There you go. It's brilliant. Look at that. Really, it's, I think, really. Send me a bite. I'm, I'm, white hands. I'll send you some. When the new bottle comes out into two weeks, I'll send you some of the new bottle. And I'll also got the lead priest muscle and joint spray. Woo. Somewhere. I'm just becoming an entrepreneur. I know. I, I'm, I'm proud of you, man. I, I, pretty good. Look at this. He must want to buy a new car. What's the new car you're trying to buy? Oh, maybe. Audi, I write the camera. I have to mount it. I knew we was looking at a new car. But every once in new car, he always works harder. Look at that. Look there you go, people. Liquid chalk, hands in it. And it's 99.9. Apple hole, so it kills everything. Look at that. It looks like a, my son would say, my son would say, He's a zombie. He's a zombie. I just, I don't know. He's a, I'm just, I'm just, I'm just. He's a, I don't know, Michael Jackson. But is that, is that, Michael Jackson might be a racial joke? I don't know. Is that, or is that unacceptable? That's politically, it's just, let's just, let's just keep it at through cocky with steep black men's. All right. And on that note, we're out of time. I'm day polonbo for Lee Priest. If you want to get that Lee Priest chalky stuff, sanitize or go to his Instagram page. You can buy it there. The Lee Priest power grip. Yes. All right. Thank you. I'm turning, I'm turning wider as we speak. I noticed.