I'm here with Lee Preason, Cookie Monster and who else is here? I'm wearing my ride with the devil T-shirt today, ride with the devil. Ride with the devil. Essentially a song. A fan of mine, I'm a fan of he's seen that Mickey made and he's from America. You know he's a rock and roll singer. Yeah, no, remember that song? He said me a whole heap of merchandise. He sent me T-shirts and stuff and stickers and being down as an L-P and C-D-Z. Mickey made them following my Instagram and that is a rock and roll. How can he send you that? We haven't even know about you. He followed me and I saw who he was so I started to follow on him and he said, I'm a cool guy and wonderful guy, so he sent me some stuff. That's very cool. Do you even have an Instagram account anymore? You got the new one? I got a temporary one day. Guess what? I hit 2000 followers. Yeah! Almost back at 510,000. I got banned. I told you I got banned on Facebook. I'm Facebook, being 30 days. You know how I got this banned? Surprise, surprise. I posted a letter and actually letter from the government because someone wrote to the government saying, your PCR test, how does it distinguish between COVID-19 and Delta? And they were at back saying, I can't. Unless you use the super magnifying microscopes. We can't tell just from one of these tests. It just shows you. You need a lot of information. I don't know. I just got the information. Yeah. But these tests show you positive for Corona. But everyone that's still in these tests is saying Delta Delta to this person asked the government, can you test with the Delta on this? They said no. So they got a official letter back. I posted the official letter from the government and they said, you cannot post this because this could spread fear amongst people in that 30 day ban. Wow. You're definitely on the Facebook Instagram ship list for sure. They're definitely keeping an eye on the post. I'm talking. I'll call it a terrorist. Hey, fucking late priest is here on the water. Yeah, you're really high off your bus because every time you do something, they cut you off immediately. I've never seen that. You get banned more than what's this name does? Trump. Trump got, at least you're not completely banned for life. So you have been silent on the right yet that we know of that's for sure. I'm still waiting for my, my grace period. How long have I been off Instagram for two weeks? It's so 30 day suspension. They're looking to it. So then we'll find out the outcome of that. You're like, Mike, we have to put him in time at all the time. You're always in time at. And he always finds a way back out of the time at room. So that's like you. You start another account. I'm surprised they have it like blacklisted your IP address. That's, that's going to be the next thing. I know. Hey, hey, guess what? We could be going into a lot here. Well, Sydney now, I've been in lockdown for seven weeks or the gyms are shut. Right. Stay at home orders. Some of the bad areas have police and the army guarding the areas. Making sure you haven't gone within 10 days of your house. If you go further than that, you're in trouble. And you know what? Just out of your, you saw the, my iron, excuse me, I'm after hours. We, I posted an article that just came out of big study in South Korea where they actually show that exercise. Regular exercise is actually number one, prevent you from getting COVID. And if you do get it, you get it for a much shorter period of time. And if you, and the death rate is like almost non-existent, then something like 750,000 people they, they serve. We had only like 50 people died, you know, who exercise? We had, we had four deaths just that I write two or in their IDs. One was one was in their 90s in Palatins, K, pretty much, quite an impalative care. He dropped out of natural causes, but they figured out he's coppising and put it down. If they didn't, if they didn't, if they didn't mash up, he's peasy would fucking drop dead. But then there's a 30 year old and they're like, oh, this could even kill 30 year olds. But then the doctor come on and said, no, the, the 30 year old already had underlying conditions. So it wasn't like the COVID just got him. And then it showed a few people in the ICU on breathing machines. I tell you, they like when I was bulked up, I was bulked up. But these people had more chains than a fight Chinese phone book. They're laying in hospital, like fucking jabbered a hut on a fucking breathe machine. See COVID is dangerous. I think in fucking handbags at dangerous to that trick is fucking so obese and fat, but they don't talk about that today. Well, good news. I, I did see the bill Phillips. We all know Bill Phillips, me, S, nutrition. He was a relation to the hospital. He really got hit hard. He had gotten COVID for the second time and he was on a ventilator. I mean, I don't know if it's entirely confined to on Facebook. I think it's under Bill Phillips transformations. His wife took a picture and he's like, he can't even walk yet because he was, he was out so long that he, he had to learn to re-walk. He lost like 50 pounds of muscle. And he was saying that, you know, that God, for the fact that he had that much muscle on his body, that, you know, that's why he believes he beat it. But, David, did he have 50 pounds of muscle around? Yeah, that's right. The bottom line is that he never thought he was going to get hit with it, especially since he had already had COVID. I got there he is. There you found the thing. I mean, and now, but now, now where I live in UCAS, where he been locked down for seven days, you can only go out for, if you want to go out door exercise, you can walk around. Or, you can go to the grocery store and doctors. That's pretty much it. Or you can deem and assess any business or job. But now, because we had 14 new cases yesterday in UCAS, so we're going into another week or lockdown. And Sydney's been in lockdown after seven weeks. And the numbers are going up. Like, they're so restricted down there, but yesterday was 344. Which doesn't sound like much. 344 people out of a couple of million. Fucking hell. So they're getting worse. They're going to restrict their movements even more. That's like, fuck. I, you know, I think it's absolutely ludicrous. I mean, they don't, I can they didn't do this when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when, it's flu season. I can they don't restrict everyone from going out. They're everywhere. It'll flu season. Oh, the restrictions. I believe the restrictions have, have way more control than than was that. So days. But, but it's like you said, if they're worried about it, help us. It's a come on. We're worried about your health and safety. If that was the case, you wouldn't sell fucking cigarettes. Would you because you know how the damage they do, whatever it be, second hand, smoke,uhan. You can't want somebody's drunk. You can't sell alcohol to them anymore because it's illegal It's a legal estate. It's something if they do something then you can be liable and sued and that so Why isn't that the case when I'd be people going to McDonald's don't serve and big-backs and fucking super-sized it I'll give you I'll give you to make salad prick and a guy coat before you too fat That's how it should be if you can't serve I don't remember several years ago They got rid of the super-sized they they they actually pressured McDonald's and then we're doing getting rid of the super-sized Like like okay, you know what I can't get a super-sized fries How about I just ordered two fries instead? I mean what I mean how stupid? I mean the stupidity of the whole of Oh, we're preventing from people are getting down. We're not letting him super-sized that fries Well, you know what he just ordered three more cheese burgers on the dollar menu instead of the super-sized fries I guarantee he's not The person who wants to get the food is getting the food he wants, you know Exactly or what I did was just take the word super-sized off the kept at the same size So now it's just a large the large is large and it was before it's like here's the difference to go in the seven or 11s and get those big fucking big gulp things It's like this like a fucking bucket with a handle on it. Lee like how much fucking So I can do that I bring them in there. I have a school I get a little cup because they get the sugar free a surface now So I'll get a little one. I fill it up. You know I just want to have something to taste good my daughter who's three years off She's got a cup of this big and this white and my son They're running down the the slurpy machine every flavor. It's overflowing on to the floor I'm like a mortar fire I'm like oh my god, but guys, please stop. I'm like you're not gonna drink this whole thing. Why do we need to get us a quadruple extra large fucking star guy the guy the guy in the seven and get sangries like excuse me Do you control you know it? They don't see that they laugh They think they encourage them. They think it's funny. They don't even care And then my son I got a hot dog there and he's You know And they don't even the funny things they don't even eat it. They leave half the slurpy of more than half the slurpy over He takes one bite of the hot dog. It's like he's like my kids just like the bisec You know, I mean, I think that's what it is. You gotta get the cup and then put the dome leaned on I won't let it go Yeah, but if you feel like if you feel up through the dome, we don't want to spill out or just fill up These things they feel everything they keep going until it overflows Oh, that's good. Oh, I used to like going that I Our seven 11 to you sell and all the crispy cream doughnuts, so yeah, they get made done some gifts I think you know I let them do what they want there because I know they don't overeat they they like the whole experience of Serving themselves the food and I I can relate to I like that when I was a kid too I like the whole idea you think you get it over on someone who hot dog and slurpy and a candy thing and and Like I said my kids were like, you know overeating I wouldn't let them do it, but they it's more of the buying experience that they like than than anything That's all like that's all like the taking experience and you're gonna pay for that It's not when you take a girl It's like when you take a girl shopping just get the shoes and hand bags like an old like an old comes from the god of Some way that's amazing. I just grabbed these hand bags and shoes and shit someone pays for it Unbelievable that's right, but that's a 900-year-old purchase a slurpy and a fucking Kidcat is only like three bucks and now In North Stred but seven 11's here have I don't even know if they have several of them but they have No an app where you can actually load Money onto the app and if you pay with the app you get three times the rewards points And I go there every day. I have so many rewards points. I'm getting free shit left and right because my kids are always going there So Hey, they make an effort They have fun those things out there when you go into those places and you're just going for petrol and come out for fucking everything Well, you know, I don't they have a sin in Australia, you know, they don't take coins anymore. Did you know that? 7 11 we should not waste no coins no No, you could use dollars, but they don't want any money anymore Matter of fact they encourage you to use the app where you can kind of store money in a wallet a virtual wallet The your credit card So you don't even have to take anything out which means you'll spend more of course, but you know they try to do away with money You know that right Anyway, I went into a store before it looked down happened I had a hundred dollar bill and the person's like oh, I didn't change for that All right Jesus was like yeah, they always want you to do tapping go and shit like that and yeah As well order get Jimmy honest and you will So what do you think about you know, were you did you have any kind of relationship with John Meadows? No, no, just just from what I saw online never meeting but Seems like he was well liked and that and people please I'm still getting inboxes today on Instagram We might few followers that I have I still get these messages every day. Leave it here John Meadows died I'm in Australia I'm not on fucking food I Use down here Yes, I do know John Meadows died. Yes. Yes. There's been several good years done. I have I am up the speed on the city It is but they still don't really know what it was dude. I said maybe maybe it'll be COVID When you start to see people in our industry, yes, you know And that you were like you know contemporaries with it around the same age you when you start seeing them dying And you know we don't know what even caused John's death, you know, but Does that worry you at all do you start going? I better get health checked or anything like that I mean because I noticed you know I started thinking myself A lot of people that I know and that I kind of came up in this industry with a God and not here anymore It's kind of weird a little bit, you know Yes, I text my doctor and said when did I have my last stress test then I'll just sound on my heart I think it's only like a year ago and I had a Gaussian check probably eight months ago and it was low and stuff like that But even that night Like John was 40 on on 40 don as you like in bed you can even you can feel and you can feel your heart And then as I'm listening this like boom boom boom boom Boom boom boom boom What was that what was that tools? And then because you stopped worried about it against worse boom boom Boom boom boom boom Oh, like fuck now I've got to read me I've talked myself and don't with me And I got news to you and anxiety attack perfectly mimics a hard attack because I have had one of those before and Man you think you you're you're going into cardiac arrest when you have one of those and then it makes that even worse Because just because you start stressing and panicking a little bit. I tell people here's the test Did you think you have in a heart attack? Don't go to the emergency room immediately drink in the last of wine Okay, if the wine takes the heart attack away then it wasn't a heart attack If you still feel the state of the glass of wine get get to the hospital who's fastest you can So that's my it always worry bad it but I know it's the body building. I never abuse steroids never thing you'll think we might be on it to abuse them if you Pre this position to something even a small amount good. Yeah, do something so like I said it's you never know But then I think I I sometimes look at other people and I went there And I tried sometimes go well fuck I know what he takes and he's still alive and I know he's doing Party drugs every weekend so I should be okay with it You figure maybe he's got better genetics he can handle or that shit like when you see Keep wretches and she think that fuck would have been dead Yeah, he's got it and the drug sees done and some of those rock and roll as you think She wasn't there a time they caught hasn't you know ticked it's last ticket I but you know what John was a very young man still he was under 50 years old So it's it's a big loss, you know for him and his family obviously but if I'm like 85 or even 90 years old and I don't wake up one day That's the right way to go. I mean there's no You just don't wake up. I mean you wake up someplace else. I don't know wherever wherever you go I think I've always said that's the best way to go like you know I've always said I like to go I like to go in my sleep like my grandfather, you know I like to go in my sleep like my grandfather Not the other three people in the car screaming their heads off But the other thing is I wouldn't be nice in your sleep if you're old but when you younger I said to my wife if you just ever there said I'd hate it because like say we're talking I want to jinx myself. I say okay Dave talked to you tomorrow Well you've made planes and all of a sudden you're actually up your count. Do it whereas I said I wouldn't want to have a Terminal illness but if they said hey, you've got six months You've got that plany you can see you could buy. You could have a party. I could maybe go out Commit a few murders on people I don't like you know really really leave a lasting impression on the world before I go But that way you can actually say you could buy as you get things in order I hate like those like it said someone like just go to work get killed in the car accident or If you're police officer you go to work and don't come home Those sort of things at a sudden. I think that's like a shock even though you know someone's gonna die Still a shock. But Lee is it worse to know that you're gonna die or is it worse to not not know you're gonna die and then just die. I mean You know I'd rather I'd rather have a no because What does this have to say because like I said that when I guess that's why they say every day you should tell people you love them We should tell people when you can never do it. I'm gonna say all you know when you always go on now I'll call him tomorrow. I'll speak to him tomorrow and then like I said something happened Like I'll fuck I should have called him all is just say he called Julie like I can't be Bob and call on him I'll give him a call tomorrow. They're not the son that did you like my fuck I should have called him back when That's cheating. So there is shit like that. So it is that is pretty sad if I can do haven't you still haven't gone kids Didn't he said that's always sad as well so there's a there's a go-funny campaign at how you can put it up on the screen again For John and his family and they they read someone's $200,000 already. It's pretty amazing that just goes to say how likely was you know Well everyone that's done a video on it. Me up put even before then I never heard anyone say a bad word about him. He was always down to work. He never said a bad word about anyone else So it's not gonna be like when I pass on David in this video. It's going that fucking Three six Yeah, he got what he deserved It wasn't awesome. Yeah, I don't even I try to think about like I don't even want to know what would happen When I die hopefully I don't want any go-funbies or anything like that. My wife's like shut up He'll be down Lee Lee's funny down then out playing cows with the devil that I saw You know we're making we're making light of a book. We're trying to you know But John was one of the really liked guys in the industry and we've talked about some little shows already I think I'm talking about a lot because it bothers me a lot that there'll be he's not with us anymore And we lost him so suddenly like we didn't expect it, you know I yes he was he had a heart attack last year, but he theoretically recovered from it. He said he was doing well. So I don't think anyone expected that we were gonna see this happen so suddenly, but You know you never know and that's That's the thing and that's the thing too. It's like all set. It's always no matter one bitch We've been the movie so in life in general But so it's the good and nice ones that seem to go early Yeah, and then like I said you could you can know an asshole that treats people bad no matter what industry it's in and have you fucking multi million years Live into their 80s and being fucking grumpy and shit and and from for like 20 years you've been saying why doesn't that fucking just die? And I never do maybe someone maybe being on earth is is punishment in itself We just don't know it until we actually are in there. I've always said that. I've always said you know People say you go to heaven heavens up there and hell's down here. Well if you're in heaven Hell would be earth because you say in down there. So if heaven's just such a wonderful thing Right now on earth we think it's nice and listen that yeah good and bad days and shit, but But if you finally get up there you'd be like fuck that earth was fucking hell Here is a tough yeah, it was a tough hey with just worked out the meaning of life and I wonder if you and heaven and you look down Is the earth round or flat Jimmy will fight out once and for all yeah, right? I did I did like that post you put up because I did comment on it on buys and tries I think I've had over 500 likes because I got pissed off when people were complaining that Ian's gonna do it in that show I'm like is a pro body builder I said I spent the make money. That's what he does Yeah, people are saying is stopping someone qualifying I'm like what if that person's good enough to be deemed They'll qualify if you can't beat Ian at this show you're not gonna beat him at the Olympia So what are you complaining about the Olympia is the best that a best to get there You've got to beat someone to best and if you can't get in it wait for next year, but what other sport Does someone sit out to say you know what I've won a few tennis tournaments you go ahead or the Patriots the Patriots I've won a few super bowls. We're gonna play shit this year and give another team give another team a chance That's what you do back in that when we're competing hate the saber here we go back back when in the 90s and shit many guys did show us I'd go to show you thinking oh fuck there's Kevin this flex there's Chris that's a top three So it didn't bother me there you still can be it because you still would make money, but then on the odd chance like San Francisco I came in a bit harder Chris for second decks the third set of our shows where if you come in on you can still beat him and that's the name of the game Well also too if you're that good that you're you're missing by one spot and you're coming in second Behind you and well if you do three shows and in B2 a three shows and you're second That three shows you'll qualify on points for the Olympia so That's exactly that's why you do multiple shows That's why the point system was enacted to get more guys to compete more often Right, I mean isn't that the reason I just couldn't believe the mentality of people getting mad Lim down on each stop another people going to the Olympia I'm like really just like oh well hold on hold on Hamilton Lewis your 117 champion He's up on the accelerator Yeah, a few of these other guys the chance get them a chance on the podium Some of those poor bastards have been racing cars for 15 years and they've been on the podium There's some baseball teams that have never won bro, you know the world series in baseball how about you fucking good teams Just ease up a bit give somebody's other teams a chance or he's who same bolt Hold on I'll just slide out Yeah, I've won this I've won this before Well, you have these bikini competitors have made it Ashley call waspser because she's been doing every I think she won 10 shows this year already and she's done like 15 You know shows you might have come in second a couple times and I'm like you know why does she can peak that many times and win that many shows and be that dominant She's better you know It's actually and let's just say okay These people get upset of her doing that. She has okay. I won through the show. I'll just swipe to the Olympia The good at wins that show gets to Olympia guess what you're not going to beat her at the Olympia It's a tough luck. It's like this isn't this is the this is almost that everyone gets a trophy I need a first place. I want to be solidified in this no, if you're not good enough Maybe you shouldn't have got your pro card to begin with the hand the thing back and go play that's your prick How do you think me? I think me last did like a hundred shows right or something like that over a hundred shows in this career Eat it look at texture eating do two shows a year Yeah, obviously was doing ten shows a year or 15 shows a year. That's how we did it But I think I was even listening to arm when Ian's on that show for what and that he was saying Doing this because he's got these two shows and I think then the Arnold is the good practice for like I think when the Olympia comes around and stuff I don't know but think before now he's got this one in that one I think that similarly said so when he does the Arnold which is getting close to Olympia He can like see how he's starting goes and experiment with these two leading up to the other big two Which is what you do it's like you don't just not To mention you know if you have stage fright and you have a lot of nervousness about doing this Which Ian has admittedly said that he he does get stressed out before a show doing multiple shows Kind of almost makes you numb to the whole equation and it becomes just second nature the best thing that I ever did was when I started doing a lot of gas bosings When I was going stage at these big shows I wasn't getting nervous anymore because I was so used to getting on stage It became like almost like second nature for me and that and that and they don't have gas bosings anymore No one gas poses so for Ian to do multiple shows I think it is a smart move someone he gets to the Olympia He's not gonna be as nervous. He's gonna kind of be comfortable with the process I'm like I said doing that I'm sure like okay to show you just one I think you look great, but I think that wasn't his best so You know, you can take whatever you learn from that show into this next show in Texas and Do things up because imagine if that was the Arnold where it came and looked like that don't be like a even though We look good at the Arnold that would be like a big mistake and you could slip quite a few placing so if you're gonna make a mistake Do it into smaller shows learn from that so now when you get to the Arnold and the Olympia You can pretty much hit at 100% which you're gonna need to be in those two shows for that People to get mad at him and just pitch and complain how he's stopping people is like Fuck up not to mention that he gets to go against a really good competitor and Steve Kuklow So if he beats Kuklow there that also raises his stock up if Kuklow beats him That's gonna raise Kuklow stock. It makes the show way more exciting too Exactly and to me like back in the day when you have people like that you knew if you knew flex was in the show Chris was in the show you knew you had to come in that show at your best So I'm sure Steve now going into that no one E and Z Ian's qualified Ian's gonna come in looking good. That's gonna make Steve probably coming in at his best So you know having come petition like that only makes the other people better if you're going into that show of the attitude Well, he's taken a spotty taking a spot away You shouldn't even fucking go because mentally it's a theater to yourself to begin with that you're fucking attitude That's what I say I agree 100% and I've led you set it because I didn't even think about bringing that topic up But it is it is important topic and I think that people have to understand that you know in today's state first of all There's nothing wrong making money to why not if you have your ability to win a show and put a few bucks into your pocket You know contest prep is not cheap So it's true It's his job. Let him he's in shape. He's gonna do the oral anyway He's not shutting it down for the Olympia so Do another show why not it's one more way he doesn't have to it probably is super easy for him at this point You know What is the thing look at look what you got to go through it again in shape if there's a couple of shows That's why we did it like in the old days with the Iron Man the Arnold the San Francisco those three were back to back then we said the European tours If you're in shape you've gone through all that hell you're suffered your family's probably suffered the freezer suffered If you've got shows back to back and you can make rabbits tangerine and 15 grand whatever But also get your name out there more that's what you do your professional you can beat that's your job That's like come on people and these same people are the probably complaining Probably the same little bitches are must be foregoing but he's pros dang competing I'll slide that any do one shot Here's your do more shows what the fuck is doing to fucking he's got to stop my man He's got to stop my man get the qualification How the least no no one's ever happy there's oh everyone's always complaining about everything If you know if you didn't compete it they're gonna say you didn't compete enough If you compete they're gonna say you're taking away a place you can't from someone you know You got to do your own thing and you know what if you can pick multiple times and look you're a bastard when shows and bring home prize money Then I say go for it and I know Exactly, especially And especially a bodybuilding because you know most sports when you're putting your body through this you've only got at Unless you're someone generally great like decks that who can you know have that longevity But not many people have super longevity. We're seeing a lot of people like Ian around his age Come and go within five or six years, but hopefully he's gonna be around longer than that So you're gonna make that money while you can put away for a rainy day because Have them for bed you can be young whatever hope I'm not disturbing you day from your phone there You can be a grander on a board I'm born I got my political show later today with Romano Yes, yes Real real leap reached on YouTube you can watch John Romano and either last we had a guest on weird Craig Valentino But you could get his camera to work so we just had a photo a photo of Craig were talking to But as I was saying you got it what was I saying that first of all Tyler how long you think that that show will be up on YouTube before they remove it from YouTube John Romano political show You're making a week and tell hey we're up to four episodes just what we haven't had one fun stand and order comments are being positive said John What are we doing wrong here? How many views you guys? They're just into the fowls and areas So that's how many good That's like once like that's because the other side did hate you haven't seen the show yet It's only the fans and then the show that it seems here Well, I I never I never I've only got like probably six fowls of followers on my YouTube Because I never used it. I guess yeah never used it and now I can't really publicize like I don't think that's a Video of a fan you yeah On Instagram ago and so but I had another topic I was gonna bring up it now it slipped my mind what was it Oh yeah, that's it. Yes. Thank you very much. I want to say thank you very much I am now proudly sponsored by XT Labs Mexico. Oh you did get this fun ship congratulations. Yes. Yes That has the question how did they get you your your your stuff you know If I'm Are they digging a tunnel under the ocean to get you? Hey, if I'm not here next week on we're in jail They're digging it from Mexico to Australia they're digging a tunnel just for later Yeah, they're gonna send me to T-shirts. I can do some photos. Yeah, and he says we'll send you some stuff to us No, it was the same He showed me the package has been packing stuff so it's like If I'm not here next week Well normally I know some people have got stuff sent you get a warning first you get a warning But they are really quite tell me pick you up Lee for questioning, you know As you guys are like they get some fancy Mexican olive oil bottles And just feel feel the virgin olive with suss two feet Yeah, I feel this olive oil bottle with Deca yeah, and you're good to go you don't need anything else And just put cooking supplies Imported oils from you guys you know, even way you're your whole game plan out to the government right now Okay, what about fire oils or I'm my side your oils That's all you could be Yeah, poppin balcels you could be sniffing them all day I'm five so congratulations You do firecels you're uh hopefully yeah Let me live in Mexico now I tell him sooner than we thought so They get a counterbatta more straight down There's a pro show when he makes a car when I'm told but I wanted me to come over for it But right now I think um USA it's not allowed in flights from Australia still I think there's one flight to Mexico but it went from here You can go to Australia in Mexico that's a green zone isn't it a green It can't date but you go to go this way so it's like almost Germany for inch you're coming around and the tickets the cheapest ticket cheapest tickets 15 thousand from 15 to 30 well the cartel flying you over so what are you care you know paying for it? That's it out there I jack All right, I got to wrap this up I got I got work to do late love you man Good show and congratulations and you knew sponsorship hopefully your lockdown won't be affecting you in any way whatsoever Luckily you got the home gym going on so I got that's funny Dave. Oh, I was generally trained by myself and that but now The gyms are shut guess what ladies got friends again. They come to my house and trade Don't tell me what that's loud. I think that you can be fine. I don't get you. I found this too when I was in cleaning out look Did he tell us in our last show? Yeah, come on. I'll have to show you the photo is next time But I found photos are when I was 19 younger family photos everything but this would be me this would be me next week when I get an order from Mexico We out there health We out the house Put your dumbbells down You know what the sad part is I have the same thick in the horn as he does like the same But next week I'll get a whole show through our horns I always wanted to get one of them when I went to summer camp in the over the summers as a kid the guy who ran the director The camp always had that the re always make the announcements on that loudspeaker thing Like I said