Welcome back to Iron Rage, the show where John Romano, Lee Precenae, event of frustrations with the world. John is off today. God damn, how's the air he ever real job, Lee? Huh? No, it's near a sun hood off. I guess he's sort of somebody in the body building fraternity, having a real job. It's fucking like it beyond the joke. Especially from John Romano, who never had a real job. Oh, it's crazy. It's like the Virgin Mary having a baby without sex. I can't. I can't. I only beat on thirty seconds. I'll just upset the Christians. Huh, you know. Now, Lee, you just had another treatment on your tattoo on your face. How does that feel? You were feeling a little sore today? That look, it's good, isn't it? Look at that eye. You look like Rocky, you got pounding in the face a little bit. Yeah. Now, I'm convinced that you're taking this tattoo off because you've actually run out of space on your body to tattoo and you need more a new canvas, is that true? Well, I've actually got rid of this. Been 13 years on board. I was like, you can do cover up here. Like I said, I thought it was a do like Darth Vader. Like you mentioned the term in A to the. But once it goes, there'll be a little bit less there and a little bit less there. So maybe I'll make something smaller. Maybe like a fucking blown range of masks. I like that. You know what, it's me. You might recognize me because now I'm recognized as the lone range of when he's got that mask on. People like fuck where it's lead. But it's lead. Oh, there is no, no, no, no. Yeah, it's fake myself in the eye. Here's a question for you. Will you a little bit lower lone range of your fan? Did you watch all the shows? Yes. What is, what is chemisabi me? Chemisabi isn't like friends or something. Something like that. I don't know. I thought you'd know. I thought I'd probably probably mean fucking white man took out a link. You can't, that's probably what it means. What did you, did you find I considered? That's racist that show, is it? I heard it was racist, you know. You can't play cowboys in the end of school anymore because, you know, whatever. Everything's politically incorrect. Now, did you see the new lone range of movie that came out a couple years ago with Johnny Depp? Is this time, though? Yeah, and what's his name? I think a few of them and whatever. Yeah, did you like it? Did you think it was good? Well, I wasn't bad. You had a bit of slapstick comedy in it. Johnny Depp sort of had the funny party. That wasn't bad. Yeah. You know. That was pretty good. Yeah. Let's get to today's topic. Today's topic is, who was the toughest Mr. Olympia to be? Okay, that's different than who do we think is the greatest Mr. Olympia. Because I think the greatest Mr. Olympia of all time was Ronnie Coleman. But I wonder who was the toughest to be? And we're going to go back from from Lee Haney to Dorian Yates to Ronnie Coleman to Phil Heath. Now Phil seems like he's the most difficult to me. But who do you think you've competed against the A to and Coleman? Who in your mind was the toughest guy to beat and why? I think Lee Haney probably is six, five, seven times Mr. Olympia. Yeah, so it's like, you know, it's hard to say because we're seeing a few shows where I think Lee Haney probably maybe one show he maybe didn't look like he should have won it. But nearly every other show Haney does no doubt he should have won. I think the one way, didn't they drug test that won the year in Chicago? Yeah, he didn't look at it. It is best. But when he came back for his final show in Florida, he just blew it one away when that stage turned around and he was standing there. So he was a clear winner. So then he had V8, so he just is sheer mass and definition and he's drawing as he was always hard to beat. But then when that last year come up when he tore his bars, if any was a bit bloatling, the stomach and that's there in 1997. And look like he should have got V8. So he's always hard to beat, where he would be because you got that aura of being Mr. Olympia. You're going to come in so much bed, let them the really blow the chair away, which has happened before. But like you said, it's hard to do some time. You know, dexter's coming in and one again and you know, J coming and took it off for already so it can be done. So you know, the ones that probably haven't been beat would be the hardest. So you got Yates and you got Colman dig at beat that one year with Fing and then J was a great mission. But J, he did you get beat by Phil. So a couple of him have been beat. So to say the hardest to beat would probably be Yates and Hayne because they never did get beat. Right. Right. When Hayne was competing, he was so much bigger than everyone else. And the funny thing was he wasn't even really that big with today's comparisons. You know, but I think they like to 35 or something. Yeah. He looked gigantic compared to everyone else back in the day though. They were all like middle way to like heavyweight competing against him. There were no real big freaky guys until Yates came along. And a lot of people thought Yates was going to win that that 19, what was it, 91 Olympia. And Hayne came unbelievable, which I'm sure he knew Yates was going to be there. You know, I think Yates that you just looked a little bit, you know, looked a little flat. Like he was really drawn into face like he was never kidding before. But then what about the transformation from that year to the following year when you come back. Yeah. Yeah. Like, remember, those black and white pictures that Chris Lugge, from before, that it ended Jim with the socks on, it's like, the difference is like, now one was going to beat him. And there he had a feel to it's like, you know, there's played that one when Kai was there. You know, people thought it could have gotten either way with Kai and Phil, but it's like, you know, it's like we've said, unless you can come in so spectacular, you've got to really have, it's got to be like, clear cup when you walk out on stage. You can't, I'm an R. I'm just going to be solid, Mr. Olympia. It has to be, oh, he's got a beating because if you just got maybe, maybe he can maybe kind of close and I'm going to happen so, Jim, he always goes to the champ. My belief is that it was Yates was the hardest to beat. And I'll tell you why. Because when he was competing in the night, you had Flex Wheeler, you had NASA, you had Cormear, you had Sean Ray, you had Lee Priest, you had NASA. NASA, NASA, NASA, NASA, NASA, NASA, NASA, NASA, thank you. Yes, yes. No, but I'm saying, you guys were all so good. And, you know, every year people were saying, I live Roni, everyone's saying, that's Yates is never going to win again. And this guy was so mentally tough. He was just blocked everything out and he would come in, like, peeled beyond imagination and he would beat these guys. Guys that genetically probably should have beat him. That's why he was so, he was, he was, and if you ask Yates himself, he said no one can train harder or prepare more for a show than I could. So, I knew that there's no way these guys weren't a beat me. And even Flex Wheeler admitted to saying that he goes, I, I saw Yates is undetable in my mind. So, how do you beat a guy with who, who you, you believe you can't beat, even though you have better tools than he does? That to me is the most difficult guy to beat. The guy who never, ever, ever, you know, comes and off. And the thing is, too, it's like, all I showed is, with Yates, it wasn't like anyone, you know, deserve the real life in that top six or even the top ten because, you know, not taking enough in away from today's guys, but today you might have maybe the top five or even great condition. And you have a lot of people a little bit off a little bit smooth, but back then, it was like, from the top six, even the top eight. Everyone was at their best. It wasn't anyone that looked like he's a bit off. He's not going to do it. Everyone, like I said, came in trying to beat the champ. It wasn't like I said, some days, they might have just the top four in the best condition. And the others are his little bit smooth here, a bit smooth there. But everyone coming to ask them, they're the best condition that try to beat Yates. I mean, they got there was a normal classic back then because at least that was a show where people were like, all right, let's see, it was going to win this year because it's not a foregone conclusion, but the Olympia, those couple years that Yates was just, you know, it was untouchable. And even when he got injured, he was unbeatable because he still would find a way to come in at his absolute best and beat these guys, both physically and mentally. And I mean, that's just to me, that's a guy who's just unbeatable. You know, really COVID-19. A lot of shows because he was just so big and great, but I don't necessarily think that Ronnie was a great poser. I think that Ronnie, you know, made a lot of mistakes, but he despite the mistakes he won because he was so big. But Yates just did leave any detail unturned. Well, I think the good thing of Yates was, too, because he lived overseas. Nobody would see him. Get everybody in America. If on you see it's gold, Jim or Jim somewhere else, but he stayed overseas. When they even see a picture of it, or if your duty was covered up in his jumper and pants, that he's trimming the dungeon. And then maybe we want to week or so or two, we come out and go to bed and, you know, Jim up there and once he's there, they might take a photo and put on line. He's during getting ready and he'll just be still covered up with a big jumper on. So you can never see what he looked like to the day to show. So I think that's fucked with a lot of people's minds too, because it's like, well, how's he really looking, but back then, you knew he was in shape, because back then he's face would be an extra one in and another. He's doing a face. So you're like, change your sort of cheek range like, oh well, we're going to be fucked again, I guess. Now, Phil, he's very difficult to be, too, which is, which is weird, because you see us physique, and you're like, well, here's a guy who's not the biggest guy on stage. He's usually one of the hardest, yeah, I'll give him that. But he's not the widest. He doesn't have the craziest structure. And you're like, but get the guy camping beaten. He's going for eight wins this year. He'll probably get eight, maybe he'll go for nine and ten. You know, it's hard to say, but here's a guy who knows how to win shows. But there's no real specific reason why he's winning the shows, but he just shows up better than everyone else. So that makes the tough guy, too, to be. When you have to evaluate who's the toughest to be, Phil's got to be right up there. But I think you feel his, too, like he said, well, if he's seen Phil look better, and then people say, well, maybe last year, he's been, you know, you're going to be good enough feeling the other people to win it. And they've said things like, when Kai was there and there's a few people there, like, road and all these people there, I feel you guys here with great physics, who if they came in at their best could really push feel and maybe go for the win. But to me, it just seems like, I don't know, some of these guys, but I try to play the size, and come in two big, and then when they come in two big, the sacrificing that condition, and then when you stand beside Phil, if he's in condition, you're going to look a bit off. So, you know, there are some guys there, I think, could really push feel and go for the win, if they came in there best, you know, to me, Mr. Consistency Dexter Jackson, you can never count him out, but then it's where, you know, he has got the size feel, has but to me, he's always looked so consistent and looks, comes in great condition, and a little bit of muscle he makes is, you know, a big change on his frame. So, you know, you can never count somebody like Dexter, and that, like I always said, if Kai could have come in with that conditioning and that the door in the eights, he would have been right up there, though, easily take a win. Well, you know what the funny thing is, Phil might be the blockiest, Mr. Olympia, of all time, because he just is always at the right place to the right time, and has just enough to beat these guys. He's lucky Kai comes in off at the Olympia every single time he was doing it. This one isn't at his best on the year that Phil was, there was a couple of years Phil was off a little bit, but the guys just, they just couldn't step up to the plate and take it away from him. And I really, I don't think there was anyone here that he really didn't squeak by these guys, pulled off at the night show, whatever. So, he might, I don't know if he's the most difficult to beat, I think he's the luckiest guy in the sense that he just never shows up when he's at his most vulnerable. You know? Well, like, it feels a great mystery Olympia, but when he walks out on stage, like when he's to come out next to Kai, and that you'd be like, okay, we've away here and here, but like you said, with Yates when he walked out on stage, you're like, yep, he's won, okay, let's just walk on that next people and see if he's going to get second-third of all because, sometimes it's like, it's like, if we've had him when he walked down, still there in that relaxed podium, like, yep, like, a Hades won. You know, there's no question about it, same with Yates, but we've felt, sometimes you think, okay, well, maybe this guy's going to push him or, you know, this and that, but yeah, but now we're seeing all the pictures coming out as we normally do of people in the gym, still in their poses before the Mr. Olympia, looking great under the lighting stand, the bite themselves, and it's like I said, that all looks fine and dandy, but you know, you still got what seven, eight weeks, what is it to the Mr. Olympia? I was like, you can look great now, but only counts on that one day and sadly we've seen so many people. You remember some of the shots you'd see of Dennis James back in the day at his gym when he was in Thailand, you're like, this guy's going to be top-free for sure, then they walk out on stage like that. What happened? It's like, so we've seen all these pictures coming out of the ground, coming out now, the guy looks speaking that, but, you know, to me, it's like that when you had to act on all breks and markers for us and that massive guys who've massive amounts of muscle, but then when they stand on stage with someone who just says those nice lines and that, they just doesn't flow and, you know, never got all these much bigger, you should have one, but you know, it's just not all about size and sadly, like, you know, Ramy's got that size and even now he needs that conditioning, he hates having any might be out with a push, push feel a bit, but you know, sadly, that don't seem to have that anymore that conditioning's. So to be unbeatable, Leigh, do you have to have that mindset that just will never give up will never give an inch will never show up unless the investor will never, ever, you know, relent because by his own admission, Dory and said he did nothing but think about body building, do body building and focus on body building and he no one could have outworked him. And I believe when he says that because, you know, he lived the light, he lived like a monk. I don't think a lot of these guys are willing to make those sacrifices. Yeah, that's the way he got a baby, you got a train on that. You know, I think back in the day two, I said, darn, this, I don't know, I don't know, we've seen people at these people, but one day she gets there a few people just could go on and walk after that trough out there and go, you've done eight walks with that there, that's something you've done with them and they've built a sharing pool to find them but they were like, I think, they got a long day there, they gave me thatINE me and nothing like that. After that, I've passed over the calendar in and that a firehouse just like a nice day out walking in the sun having a laugh. So, you know, you can't have that mindset when you're in the gym, but you know, he was pretty much full on and, you know, I had that mindset day, but I just to get beat a lot. I don't think during the 8th Kentucky Freight Chicken in the Opsies, and they really doubt that week. Right? How do I know that you ain't stuck pretty heavy in the Opsies? Yeah, it's not really cool. There's eaten something. Not for me, not for me, Kentucky Freight Chicken. What was your biggest Kentucky Freight Chicken purchase back in the day? I just buy the bucket at the bucket. I think it's like 21 pieces. Oh my, guys, 21 pieces, one thing? Yes to sit in Max muscle and eat it there, and then just to be when my friends got used to work, they were at this wall in Max muscle. If you ever saw this, they'd be like to Kentucky chicken bucket on the wall by sign that beats a box outside there. Turas would come in and ask, but they buy these, whatever I ain't jump food wise with the sign of, they're not box side of, put it on the wall. Max muscle, so. You missed those days. Leave, don't you remember when Venice Gold was like back in the day? Venice Beach was like, they had just strips of one street or two streets where they all they had was stores. Lining, Main Street there, with all the clothing stores and supplements. We had like, what body alive? Yeah, George's LA over. Jelly, fitness is still there. George, that's a me's cousin runs that because some of you still have LA urban cowboy next door, but now just a big store, he's still there. You had hot skins there, you had body alive somewhere there. Just stand from the firehouse and then you'll know that you've been hit the fire. How should you go across need to cook a room on the corner? Good room, right? So yeah, they were good old days and there's a lot of air on the floor. That's when Gary's striding lift across the road above, cook a room, but he drives his car from there to the fire. I asked him to do one of the walk. Did he really do that? He really drove him to that? Yeah, it drove. He was literally, he was a craftsman street, really across the street. Yeah, okay. That's top in the Gary not long ago on Facebook and that, so he's doing pretty good. Yeah, he's thought it's right, too. Did you ever go to a van goes ear in the middle of the night? Yeah, none of the middle of the night, just after training some days, but wasn't really fast enough. That was more like the, you could type vegan type, sort of place that they're like, there's the firehouse which was healthy, but then van goes ear seen more like the healthy place for the artsy, artsy types. So they were up in 24 hours, that was not way a lot of people went there. I think so yeah, then I actually had these eggs in that one day with some egg. And on it, I actually thought they served me fucking van goes ear by the look of it. I didn't look too tasty to think they gave me, but yeah, my friend Kurt Miller and I always go it wasn't bad, but then we used to go to Aunt Kisses kitchen there over at Marina Del Rey, just near Van Supermarket. Right. They had a cookie over there as well. And then you probably do remember Arnold's building there on Main Street, where Charles Restaurant was there. They used to be sparkies, you know, get there, do you ever go in there? Yeah, that's right. So I see on Main was right? Yeah, then I've just had the front there, the little Asian guy used to run it. Yeah, Arnold had chaxes. Was it a Hungarian food or Austrian food or something? Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's pretty good. Yeah, but the frozen yogurt place was the hang out there. So that's when all that low fat sugar free yogurt. Yeah, everyone thought it was really healthy. It was all, yeah. Thank you, shit, you're playing it. It's basically eating it. Eat it by the tub for, yeah, we go and healthy here. And I would have a good time back then. And actually I just saw a picture on Instagram, um, Jim that does what a card detail. And he was detailing cows when I was a, he just put up a picture of any jewelry iron, he trained for him in the morning at Gold's Jim there. Oh wow. I got him. Show what time you got his great. What a great personality. This the thing is funny when you go into Gold sometimes and you still, oh shit, I just grabbed that, but hopefully I'm gonna get to go in when I get to go in here. But let's go to see some time you see some of the same people that are there still. Oh, I'm sure that's what he is later. Yeah. What about you ever go to Johnny's coffee roster? I was at Lincoln on the Washington. I'm watching him. I'm watching him. I more of towards Brandon Del Ray area. Yeah, I love that place. And I like, um, we're on the right. But see if it, Brandon, but see if it goes always a good one. That's a bad cafe, right? And there. Yeah. Yeah, that was a good one. That's where Gary would always have breakfast in every one of his breakfast there. Mickey rope was always there. But yeah, that was like the pancakes there. I think everybody went full. So yeah. People don't really think they would have what's called the bodybuilder breakfast. It would be like, oh, like pancakes and eggs and oatmeal and and chicken breasts. It would be like, there would be like so much food and it would be like eight bucks. It was like so cheap. Maybe even less than that. Like an even if you built like that and skinny, if you like that, you were a fucking bodybuilder. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But the funny thing was there was probably that 12 spots to sit in this Venice cafe was so small and it was it was like a who's who of bodybuilders, pro bodybuilders. It was unbelievable how many pro bodybuilders would be in there at one time. I couldn't believe it when I came and visited the first time. I thought I was in like Disney land, you know. And you then have all the German tourists because out of the way state the hotel and come down there and I got there. Yeah, you're right. Guys, guys, guys that are trying to become bodybuilders from Germany or stuff or you get the German tourists that would come over and bring their special supplements for the bodybuilders would stay there down there in the cafe with their little briefcases. When there was in that. Is that what they would do? I didn't know that. Yeah. Oh, you know that. I can't wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. We don't leave. We knew you used my drugs and you told us. Never know. It was like I said that was the good times but again, especially like I said that cafe was always always packed. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. You want to still have the firehouse now, but you see pictures that. But I said could you imagine back then, we didn't have the social media over like the cameras now. Imagine some of the photos that would have been popping up back then. Oh, I want to blow it around because at the time you saw it like the pros and golds, Jim was if Jerry Fritchrick's Adi Zeller or someone with a camera took photos. Imagine if you had cell phones back in the 90s. Someone would have had that. Oh my god. So I was like, I was the case. I don't think that the goal is managed would have, I think it would have remained what it is what it was then today because I think people would have wanted to continue being in that environment there and I think people would have stayed. But you know, again, maybe not because you know, once the magazine's kind of folded, it didn't end social media became some of you can do in your house. You didn't have to be in Venice anymore to be seen. You know? No, I was like, did you have to have a normal camera? That was the back in the day you take a photo in the gym and I have to go down the Von Suu. I didn't feel too so I want prints to come out. You know, I've got a great picture of me and Dory and when you get it back, there's me and Dory and Olivia's fucking finger across it like that. Well, I think he said. You know, there's no taking other pictures. Like everyone does some of those exposures and took photographs and the picture was blurry or you think just covering the lens and you should out a lot to make sure. And it was so exciting to take a picture back there because you never knew what you got. It was like, go to the, you know, get it developed yet a weight like a week and then you were so excited to get the pictures back, you know. I'm not saying people now it's funny because back then because you only see the guys in the magazine so if you're lucky enough to train the jeans, like I said, people go those exposures or even seminars and wake for every get a phone on that. And I've seen people now these new age, whatever they call type of people, they're into the fitness. I've been legs pose now where you'll have someone like a flex or a Dory and like a fee bound that and these young kids come by the ones that are just into the fitness he type with their string of tank tops on. I've seen them walk. There'd been a group of four or five of their walk I saw like Dory and someone said, do you want to get a picture there like and like what the fuck is like the openings of change? It's like if you're in a song back then you're like, oh yeah it's just staying there and I'll see back in the day that you'd stand there just watching sign photograss for a fucking half an hour. Oh yeah, it's a little watching a sign, it's like, wow it's like watching these red beasts that you haven't seen be like bringing dinosaurs back in Jurassic Park you're just staying there in an an amazement out of it now. Well you said these junkies walk passing out. Yeah, leaving to me I was at a thing and I had a big line up some guys get like obviously a priest never's got you know you too it because we're too accessible now online it's not a big deal anymore like when I would go see someone guess pose at a local like New Jersey or New York show it was a huge event because how often did you get up close because when people would compete and chose you really didn't get close to them but at these guest pose they would do you be able to interact with them and talk to them at their booth it was like a huge big thing nowadays you can just freaking text them or you can you can Facebook or Instagram them and get an instantaneous response who cares when you see them in person it's even people don't think about it today people don't even care about person the person interaction that he more matter fact most people don't even want to talk to anyone anymore they only want to text. That's the thing but buddy I've got that to sort of appreciate even though you know it's not Martin Lv's biggest sport in baseball and basketball and stuff but you can still get up close to bodybuilders at the Mr. Olympia exposed and at the Arnold Expos and stuff I said try go on to some of these baseball events or basketball events and try get up close to LeBron drains for a photo and stuff like that and I'm not going to get close to them but now get where is it accessible and you give the fans that and some just let whatever what's your time thing and back in the day two that walk up and they'll be like shaken some still do shake and shake your hand but some are scraped and meet you and they talk really nice now it's like oh they have been a fan of yours then they what do you think I should take what drugs and shy they can think of. I'm like what the fuck you know Lee it goes back to the question I said in the beginning of the show who was the toughest Mr. Olympia to be well back in the day it was the guy you didn't see at all because you didn't know what was coming at you nowadays that guy makes zero money if he's not on social media he makes nothing because no one cares about him and relevance today seems to be the guy who is the most popular on Facebook YouTube Instagram who really is a brave new world in bodybuilder. And then I said like I said there you go that he exposed and like yeah it's the popular ones on Instagram and YouTube the ones that have ever even competed or I've never heard of you know they look like a fucking dog walker and they're fucking got the biggest line up out there so it's crazy. Yeah the bodybuilding world has certainly changed but look guys if you enjoy all this region and talk and topics of debate we do here on the show put in the comments below topics that you'd like us to rage about in the future I have a lot of guys who sometimes give me great ideas because Lee wants good topics we want to be able to bitch complain he doesn't like these topics we'll read a great too much so put him in the topic in the comments below and maybe John Ramad will even rejoin the show and take a few minutes off of his very busy job Lee what's the next tattoo you're getting? That's what I'm having in cup of tea. I like that coffee cup very very artistic. Oh super mean with my camera there is. You going too fast and getting blurs you still have you something in rings on huh? I thought you had given up on Superman for a while now you're back to Superman again? No that is just probably I think from the same you know fame still like given me superman stuff. But you got the Superman rings on too though again. No got rid of him. I've only got this rings. Look at that engagement rings. Oh ring ring from the industry. Are you a game? Oh you know that and then this one the night's 10 plus. Wow. I like it. Are you going out? It's pretty early I mean did you wear those rings all the time? Yeah I never take a walk of a thing as a fat look to have to get off of it. You probably can't even get him off those fingers here. Right five five five five seven This one can come off well I know about that one. I'm not coming off. Can you see that one? Yeah that's not coming off. But yes the show I stood asking the things that they want me to do you got to come up with something up the camera? Well yeah I know you're just starting your day. Have a good workout at the gym if you're going to be there and we'll talk to you next week. So in the final in the final word who's your toughest Mr. Olympia to beat? So V8's like you said like I said I knew it was good not but like I said with the Hates you know so where me always can you look and great. But I put it down the H and I need because now I never beat them really. Yeah and then again you if we went back big further we got Arnold who was tough to beat because the one the 1980 when he didn't look there. It's pretty. It's always good it's always going you politically have a lot of cloud too because you're in the movies you know. I never had that I never had a little cloud. You weren't a movie now right these are like criminal recently in a movie? Yeah but still they give me cloud computing I hate like you know political cloud or what kind of studies I've been looking all over the agencies one for this that prickly Chris fucking shit like that I'm talking shit magazines. Well yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah life and time so we'll have to do a biography on you one of these days. All right that's it guys if you have any like I said topics put them on the in the in the comments below make sure you hit subscribe turn on you know notifications. I'm Dave Palumba with Lee Priest for another episode of Iron Rage.