Welcome back to Ironraise. The show where John Romano-Lee preached and I have vent our frustrations with the world. The boys are all back in town today. We got the full crew. John and Lee today's topic is, when is it time to quit? John, you and I were talking and Lee before the show. And you mentioned the announcement that Julie and I am not defending her women's physique Olympia title this year. After four years of winning it, she is decided to call it quits. And people are given her flag for it. Is it a good decision, bad decision? What's your opinion? It's a great decision. And it's a smart decision. And I'll tell you why. The art of war, Sunsu says, never fight it battle you cannot win. And that's the whole thing right there. She's looking, but Julie Ann is looking at Sheneika and the other competition up there. Looking at her ten inch waist and realizing holy shit, this girl's from Mars, I can't beat her. And I've had a good run. I've done exceptionally well for myself during my competitive career. Why not leave with just all wins under my belt and you know, go out of champion. And not fight the battle you can't win. She's smart. She knows she can't beat Sheneika, period and of story. That's reality. So say what you will about that, but that's reality. So she knows that and she's going out on top. And there's absolutely everything right about that. And anybody that's given her grief about it, I think you're in it. Khalid, what do you think about that? Is it right? Did she make the right decision? And we don't even know if that's the reason she left. Or should as a great champion, she tried to go and battle the best of the best. Well, she has battle the best of the best when she is on stage. Just because you know, someone else is coming along to hook straight who she might not beat. But it's like a set. There's a no win situation. If you keep going and you're winning, you're going to get beat. Then people say you should have retired or then you can win five times. You get beat once people call your losers. So it's pretty much the internet trolls are just going to talk shit or never be on stage. And I'm pretty impressed that John's quoting the art of war and stuff. Let me quote someone. Dr. Suce, green eggs and ham I am. Sam I am. Yeah. So if she doesn't like green eggs and ham, she can quit and I do it. It's pretty much the same thing as John said. Just moving on and have poached eggs. I'm. I'm not a Grasina. She stepped down last year. Her last win at the fitness Olympia. So there'll be a new champion crown this year as well. You know, I've signed has been so dominant that no one seems to be able to beat her. She stepped down. I don't know what are reasons why, but I think she felt she had nothing left to prove. Because she could have kept winning John. Yeah, I mean to some people, I mean that's a luffer ready. I mean, how many times do you have to win? Do one of the same thing for you to get it. Okay. Oxant. She's the best period. Okay. That's we got it. We how many more times do you have to prove it? And if she's tired or wants to do something else, I mean, there's nothing in it for what? What is there in it for women's fitness? Nothing. It's a tiny as small as class there is. No one gets it. It's that these girls have nowhere to go. Right, but there is an entertainment factor, John. And she and she was making money when in the Olympia. I mean, it might not have had a ton of money, but she wasn't making money. Yeah, but she's not made. I mean, who's hiring her? I mean, like there's there's not a big market for the fitness competitors. They're just too few of them. I mean, they're great. What they do is amazing. I mean, don't get me wrong. But, um, you know, in Oxantra as Oxantra has the most incredible routines. And so, you know, are, artistically put together and choreographed. And it's just beautiful. And she's by far the best. I don't think anybody's going to come along for a long time to rival her. Right. So what do you got left to prove? She, if she could probably make, a really good living doing something like on Broadway or somewhat something more, you know, mainstream. Cirque-to-sole, or some shit like that. There's way more for her than there ever will be in women's fitness Leave the thing of the man the man too. I think the man that look at their side where Some of the stuff that we know men do you gotta come down to your health and that too because It's like John said you gotta get bored after while and going after that same title There's only a few guys who can have that drive to keep going and keep going and push themselves and then the health Expect to have pushing your body here after a year after year You don't what you have to do to be that champion is it really worth it You know sure to man make a bit more money with endorsements and get into travel But if you want to limp your one-saw twice with the right marketing you can you know live off that for the rest of your life From yourself as Mr. Olympian stuff, you know Whether you have six seven eight or nine It's like even Phil you might be the one to get ten but really in the scheme of things ten times Mr. Olympia outside of body building Who really knows who you are? That's the thing Like you could you could be the home run winner and baseball and everyone's gonna know your name and history for the rest of your life Right ten times Mr. Olympia putting your body free or hell now. Got you know So you know, you know, least you do think that Ronnie should have quit after winning eight knowing that he had that injury to his back And he kind of pushed it another year and then he actually tried to come back a year after that and went back to Thailand And now obviously wasn't successful I think so like I said there are many gloves training. He's like you know He's one of those guys that loves doing it, but it comes a time where okay You can you know quick the competing so if you can still train you can still travel to seminars See to think it and stuff like that but pushing itself in contest trainings at total novel level I think the same we've done here and you know Would he have torn that by sip and done whatever and come back looking like he did in that last Mr. Olympia because look how great he looked But then a lot of the times of people talk about Dorian There was talk about his last Olympia if the blow to gut the torn by sip They forget how great a cheap and he was before that same with some me But no look at him when he won the Mr. Olympia Shredded at a bone in eighty free he tried to make a few comebacks and then look as good and now people remember Samir is losing the Olympia looking bad not looking how he did when he wanted so you got to know when to step away Or if like me gets suspended and you got no choice you can't come back John is it is it hard as a champion to say you know what? I'm done and walk away. I think it almost like it seems like a lot of these guys have to just lose I mean Dorian snuck out that last Olympia 97 But then he quit he couldn't come back. He was thinking about it He was trying and he just felt that he wouldn't be the best he could be And certainly in 98 he would have gotten slaughtered probably unless you know with the injuries he had in such you know Smart to sit there was you know there were Dynamic changes once Dorian stepped down and you know the battle was between flex and and Ronnie But you know There's there's a where you just got to say You know, okay, I mean and it's it depends on what level you're at who I mean I hear guys saying well, you know, I was Mr You know Midwestern gold gold gold County classic champion 17 years in a row Who gives a fuck mean what that was obviously a really easy show if you were the champion 17 years at row and never went So you know you found your niche but I mean that that kind of stuff aside I mean there's There's a level that you should feel confident Going out at and it's not only bodybuilding. We look at formula one Michael shoe marker. He went out world champion You know There's nothing and he almost killed himself skiing so I mean you never know So there's You should you should I think you have the right as a champion to determine how you want to leave Your sport if if you are the champion if you're Mr Olympia Mr World Champion Mr whatever the top of the top It is your right as that champion to be able to say okay This is what I'm leaving this is how I'm leaving these are my terms and I'm leaving under my terms because I'm the best And I get to make the terms so that's that that is completely within the realm of of what is appropriate As far as you know champions from bodybuilding through Formula one racing motorcycles baseball boxing whatever it should solve the same Lean Actually The thing is a thing is like John with shoe marker and as always the watch the formula one when he was always winning and Get out of the championship wrapped up with five races to go sometimes, but if it went everyone he retired People gave him respect he went out on top of him and respected him just seems bodybuilding Hence the worst fucking internet trolls in all the history of sport. I know how the sports have they people put him down and it fell and all that sort of stuff But so some reason the people who are losing bodybuilding seem to outnumber any other fucking Yeah, so I like it said, well, if you go to quit this sport doesn't matter You go to champion they're gonna bag yeah you keep competing you get beat they're gonna bag yes, so Probably so you got to do what's best for you. Do what's best for you family? Have a family and stuff and who cares? What do these people say because like I said half the one saying it and they're even stepped on stage Never even stepped into a Probably contest to watch it. They just sit on their little keep or was and type away so you got to do what's best for you Now, Lee you you kind of left the sport on top you won the iron man in the IPB then you left and you you left Organizations you won a couple titles and another argument that you left and then you did another organization You want a title so technically you've always left when you're on top You've never lost in the last I don't know how many years it's been was that was that or For sure that I'm perfect so was that just by accident? Now I'm smart it's like you got away on top like John says It's like over and after I came back after it's seven year later for one to universe people like Lee you got back for the universe again next year I said black no I'm like I want to Miss the world that we're all saying like that you know when something different but if you went to universe You leave it go back because like I said if you went to the universe if I had to go and back in got second I'll eat in the universe. Oh, you remember you got second. They always remember your last friggin show So just keep win them if you went at once move on keep moving on so you know You know the one guy at the little spray it still keeps going his next That he's one to the Olympic but it keeps going back he's consistent So here are some people at the who do out that will power in the mental power to keep on going and still looking good But look I said you know I sort of went out on top and like I said I was not winning some of the big Pro shows in the alphabet. I want to feel like the San Francisco the Iron Man and what that sort of stuff But you know those 16 years just competing in the Pro shows in the Olympia and you know Like I said it wasn't a few that are the R people just that after 16 years I'd had enough of competing with the same guys on stage in the same faces the same judges That when Wayne did studies new thing and what would it be different that is sort of a real light smile I can go back and feel against different guys different judging type things So what's happening you and then when I sort of was suspended I just put those years off of what well Let me try and have it and never spread a whole lot of different guys from Europe and I sort of stuff I'll give that a go so it's just like it's something different to do something it give me more excitement Because doing the same thing year after year after the year It just gets a bit monotonous sometimes you know like oh I got to go through it again and that's You know I just need a break and I do and like you say go out on top You know I want to bring up a top. I didn't want to bring it up I don't want to give any any any any credibility or any I didn't want to I wanted the energy to just die of the topic But it was kind of annoying me You know I'm in having this back and forth with Nick Trigilli and you know He's trying to like bad mad me now because he's mad that I bad math some product that he was selling That was kind of like a snake oil product So he's like trying to say that I'm not a good coach and that I use cookie cutter You know diets and templates I give everyone the same diet and you know I've done I've done the rant about the fact that you know look there's only so many diets You can give out the people you know once you have an established diet that works You give it out and then you tweak it and change it according to the people you work But I mean and that and that's just obvious, you know There's a lot but I actually had a guy who he killed who texted me today He was a former client of mine who was complaining that he wanted his that he he was implying He didn't ask for it. He was implying that he wanted his money back because he he felt that I was giving He's obviously a Nick Trigilli disciple now that I was that he was giving that I gave him a I didn't give a customized diet and That um What else did he say? I didn't give a customized diet and then I had a team of my people working and doing his updates What's obviously you guys know is not true. I knew all of updates myself and so I went back and I started getting like you know I said well I wonder if this guy had bad results with me So I went back and I looked at my text message train and I saw that he won his show when I helped and he got He was He was complimenting me about how Brady looked and how happy he was so I said to my said Isn't the job of a coach to help you win your shows and Why would you be unhappy you said to me you were super happy with the way the prep work that he goes I was happy He's like but that but you didn't give me a custom diet Nick Trigilli's Cost of I Mean what's got what's happened to society? What's wrong with people John? Am I not what's the why it's not am I doing here if you want something custom to them the guy won't keep my fucking rod I'm the thing is they give someone a diet everyone does if you're got a new client to begin with You don't know what their body's like so you pretty much gonna give him a standard diet with proteins and carbs and fat And all this have a monitor a few weeks. See how they respond and then they get to then you start tweaking it taking foods out putting foods in You make it suit their body, but generally the start of my foot generally all around the same type of diet Because you can't just customize it from the word go for fuck's sake So maybe because anybody's pro card is upset because he should have been a pro I don't know why he's blaming you the guy should look in the mirror and blame his fuck He wanted Charles he won the show So no, I got a quote out as he says blame you for you got a pro card It's your father's telling me that he's the blame his parents should have been spent on the floor So if you wanted to give him five ounces of chicken You should have got to get five point two ounces So his is point two ounces different with then then the one you made the net the next guy right with 16 P's as opposed to 18 P's I give the next guy, right? Exactly, I mean what would I mean for the entire shoe nuts? Do get 14 almonds you get 15 almonds you get 16 that all cost But what the different Different customs you get no 16 almonds No, no Two people get six I'm gonna give him that roll him broccoli and this guy cauliflower So the make sure no one has the same vegetables too. Well, go go go back a few years I had Neil Hill just wrote me up a diet to have a look at when you my diet had in the morning Have my oatmeal with 14 blueberries 14 I said I said you sure I can have fucking 16 blueberries or 17 would have like blood a whole thing And when I was telling when I told Flex Lills of Adity's like what? He gives you fucking blueberries. I can't have blueberries. I said yes. I get 14 blueberries I'm gonna tell me I'll do it why can't I have blueberry so I did have a customized diet sheet I got blueberries Lexington and get blueberries and what if the blueberries are a little bigger than some of the other blueberries? You know they're not on a set of blueberries So what do I do there if I have the bigger blueberries to only have eight and not the 14 it's a medium side? I'm so fucking confusing it's like the one do I fucking quit the sport? It's just too much for my brain John I'll give you red Ruby oranges and I'll give Lee Valenciar Yes, custom Very But you ought to do now people are complaining about that It's like one it's like one two people you know because jumping on his bandwagon But you know I once again I just I when I see ridiculousness in our industry Doesn't it just argue? I mean we've been in this this is a long time when I see people doing petty stuff like that And trying to pretend that did there something special about what they're doing That's the people you want to run away from because those people are trying to sell you something They're not selling the truth Crunch my gears and gets my goat Dave Columbus really does and actually that night you see a nitriot chili That's like bringing up fucking tood and comments name heaven fucking heard of nitriot chili for a long time Get the blood of dust off that one shit. I mean, but wasn't he like some young champion back when fucking Adam and Eve around Equipment from the tree He's been a well since I heard of that name Nick the funny thing is I really had no I have no problem with him But he he took it personally when I put you in that product that he was selling you didn't Yeah, so I have a problem well, yeah now it's now that I hurt my business so yeah, but that's a given in publicity now yeah These people realize that they're not paying for the diet. They're paying for the coaching No, they don't understand that John some most people do but these people don't because that's what I explained I said the bottom line is you won the show. That's my job as a coach the diet's online for free Yeah, thank you It you need somebody to coach you to have to use the diet Manage It's Custom custom custom Ortean almonds that'll solve the problem right there Don't ever give two people You know, I'm gonna put a custom diet online. I'm gonna I'm gonna go to the supermarket and I'm gonna find the most exotic Vegetables and and Certain you know Indian grains of rice with certain I have heard expices and and I'm gonna I'm gonna design Four thousand diets with different variations in each one I will cherry pick the diet Each particular mix count the race Count the race the first and the folic is yeah, first and the folic out there I'm gonna give a secret now ten legumes 50 50 grains of white rice mix with 47 grains of brown rice One bell pepper and a bit of capsicum or mixed in Our six ounces of lean steak and in that steak I want two ounces of lean beef One ounce of lamb and two ounces of a little bit of pork now That will not the this is a custom diet for the American Christians and she was Fantastic on now, and then other people are who are on Vegetarians they can have like that stuff corn or whatever and I'm tofu mix it with tofu and add some gold Scrotem in there because they hear it's good for testosterone levels yeah, raises testarone For sports for sports that now there's somebody who wants custom diets context. Steve He's got some of the most far out eating planes of ever fucking dirty That's not custom I don't know what is And he I think he's fucking diet planes from fucking E.T. I told me Brian hard, Brian hard I keep telling these guys I keep telling them Brian hard, right? I keep telling them Yeah, but that wasn't that wasn't about contest that's how we liked the fucking Ben O I just say Steve that's not right here I Like drawing hard takes the skin off Steve anymore Six to my posing trunks when it's healing And on that note I'm Dave Palombo for John Romano Lee priest with another episode of Iron Ridge Where does he come out with his ship? I don't know You can't beat that