Welcome back. We're in the show where John Romato, Lee Priest and I, event our frustrations with the world, John is on a job site, but I got Lee Priest all the way from Australia, and Lee, taste topic. We have actually a topic today, we do. Even though it was a topic, you know. What job should I say on it? I don't know, he said he's working all day. He's got a, you know, earned a living now. Yes, he's a real person. And you believe the where is your dad at home? Deeply picking up the Mexicans? Yeah, either that or he's probably making tremble on in Mexico, someplace, you know. Chump, chump, chump, chump, chump, chump, chump, chump. Chump, chump, chump, chump. Chump, chump, chump, chump, chump. John didn't work a real job. John didn't work a real job. He's whole life until he got to be like almost 60, and now he's running job sites all the sudden, you know. He's job sites at the Becket College, James with the boot open, fucking job site. So today's topic, Lee, is a topic I wanted to talk about for a while. It's bodybuilders that are so consumed with bodybuilding that they actually sacrifice, they lose everything in their life. They lose all their money, their family, their friends, their relationships, and ultimately their health. So it's good to be consumed with bodybuilding and focus, but if you get to a point where it becomes detrimental, destructive to health, first of all, what do you do, and how do you stop that from happening to begin with? Well, you got to balance, it's like, even in the beginning, it's like, I was always like, it's like, it's not there. It wouldn't be a crow bodybuilder. So I never took a that serious, it's actually getting trouble from the other competitors backstage, because it always would be joking around. So you got to take it seriously, you got to take it seriously, you got to take it seriously, and I'm like, it's not as good. It looked the hard work done, I've died a day on. If I look good, I look good, I look good. If I go on stage, it's up to the judges' why, what backstage is the fucking beyond me, and like I said, as long as you go to the gym, and you take the training seriously, you go, we need to get your work out done, and stuff like that once you leave the gym, it's okay, you can go out with the family to a movie, you can go out to a park, you can go out and have fun, but you get these guys who once I go to the gym, or fuck now, I've got to go eat, go home and eat, and they sit there. Hey, you want to come out, not come out, go out, go out, I might fucking burn muscle, so I've got the fucking stay home. I've got to eat again two hours, I've got that, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, let me take a fucking jab in the fucking shoulder, up back to the gym. That's what they fucking do, and then they're like, the whole life's been doing that, then they get ready for a show, and they go in the more detrimental mode, jab and more fucking gear in themselves, not going out at all, getting angry at everyone, I was like, it's not their fault you're diving, you're the one to choose the fucking diet, don't take it out on everybody else, it's like, I didn't get angry when I was diving, people know I just fought there was something wrong, because they'd be like, Lee, you say quite, because I just sit there and think about the show, or what I've got to do next, the cardio session coming up, and I never got angry at anyone, but he had these guys when they got to be so 24, seven, they're going to burn out mad me, because they're just so like, I've got to train, I've got to eat, I've got to do this, I've got to do that, do you want to come out now, I'm getting ready for a show? Well, fuck it, I'm like, excuse me, you can't go out because you get ready for a show, just like, they just go fucking nuts, and like you said, they're relating ships to break up over it, the family hates them and all these sort of stuff, so, it's like I said, it's good to be serious about your train, stuff, but you're still going to have that balance side life, because I find that you know, if you've got the outside life, you're making so much easier to focus on a show, but if you're 24, seven training, dieting, thinking about this, thinking about the competition, thinking about, if I can gear and stuff, that'll simply, you burn out more physically. So, how did you stay so balanced like that, through your career? Because you lived in the environment, you were in Venice, you're going to go. I mean, that's where everyone lived the body going like, so you ate at the firehouse, you know, how did you prevent yourself from going over that edge, sort of speak? I didn't hang out with body builders, that's what, ah, that's good to see that. I don't know, I said, I ain't body builders, friends at the gym and stuff, but I never train with any other pros, I just train with normal people, and then when I was outside the gym, I hang out with normal people, I go to the dog park and hang out with fucking elderly people, walking there, don't you? I do the car racing, so when I went to a car racing, now it's a totally different group of people, different sort of things, so I can't stand that, you know, there'd be a couple of people when we go to the firehouse, someone from the gym I say, hey, Lee, can we come along? I think we can, I'm sure, come along. After 10 minutes, I'm reading the fucking shoot myself, because the whole time in the firehouse, so what do you eat after training? What do you eat before training? Now, when you get ready for a show, what drugs do you take? Do you take a, is it something you fucking talk about? 24 or 70's fucking body building, dieting drugs? That's what I talk about, so I can't hang out with people like that, they drive me fucking mad. When I, this is true, sir, when I would go out to eat with Greg Colvax in his wife Kim, I don't know if he ever went to eat with them, his wife would be there with a pen and paper. She'd be taking notes. It was like I was being interviewed during the meal. And I was very good friends with him. I love to hang it out with them, but don't get me wrong. But, yes, she was always right now, so they were always looking for the secrets from everyone, you know? That's the thing, people think there's secrets all the time. It's like, I say what I'll live report, do that, we never got to stay here, or it's when I used to hang it, you know, you'd eat with somebody other pros at the firehouse, like flexing it. Not once, do we ever talk about fucking drugs or cycles or training or anything? We just talk about general stuff cars or this sort of stuff or different types of stuff, what movies are coming out of. It's just general chat, but these young images sadly, the whole life consumed about the drug cycles. And this isn't more so now you go online. You know, before we didn't have, I read the forums back in the day, there was no fucking Facebook crap, and I don't think my space was the big thing when it came out. But the forums, or people talked about it all before, even then the magazine, you go to Jimmy Talk to mates about eating and training. But now every question is seen on a forum first thing. I think about doing a cycle. What do you guys recommend? Instead of taking advice of dickheads on the internet, they're telling them what they recommend on data taken. Saturdays guys take it, they'll do a show. Nothing happens, so they think, well, maybe we've got to take more next time, so they take more drugs and more drugs. That's just fucking crazy. No, because you see these guys sadly, who have always said it, you're going to have guys who are going to be to delete the guys that are top just due to genetics and that, they use it a bit of gear, makes them that much better. You got that 1% of guys who will be in the top pros. You'll even be a caliber guys. And you're always going to have the guys who have been a good at state level, national level, but that's as far as you're going to get, but in their mind, they think there's some secret if I do this, a little bit extra if I ask you to sky what are you taking, what combination, maybe if I do that, I'll get to a pro level. Sadly, year after year after year, you'll see them, 10 years down the track, still drawing the breaking of the pro, and just like you said, doing their health in, the friends and family have pissed off because they've got to be a good, it's a straightness never going to happen. So like I said, this could have goals, but you've got to be realistic too, and you've sported it. And I maybe never got to happen, but you can still train look good to national level shows. But as far as getting into the pro, it's something that's never going to happen, but yet the whole life is consumed about I'm going to be a pro. I'm going to be a pro, I'm going to be a pro. So like, yeah, I'm going to be a pro, or I'm a pro. Fuck with it. If you don't, Lee, you were such an immature person personality wife, and diet, and so like that. I mean, you know some of your contemporaries, let's take a guy like NASA. NASA's seen like the most coolest cat you'd ever see, and he was probably taking more drugs than everyone. I mean, it looked good. He ultimately destroyed his kidneys and died from it. So, I mean, how did you get, stay out of getting caught up in the race? I call it the arms race. You know, more than hard drugs. He's using a thousand dollars. He's two thousand. He's using three thousand. I'll take four thousand. How did you stay away from that? Because you could have very easily fallen into that, hey, yeah, I call you a money you were making. You could have afforded to take 12 I use in GH today if you wanted to, but you didn't. Why? Believe it or not, Dave. I am sensible. I don't believe it. I don't believe it. I don't believe it. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. No, no, no, no, no. It's like anything. It's like, don't let the looks deciduous. So you're going to look at me and people here in Australia think a fucking biker drug dealer or whatever thing. But I'm not, I'm just pretty laid back. Cool. That didn't know you know guys who dressed well in suits, but a biggest fucking criminals out there and nice clean young people. So he can't let it look, you know, judge on how, you know, that people will. But no, with me, it was like I said that one time Trevor from Nuclear Nutrition, he had me use 800 milligrams of Tesla. Once I felt shit, I was always just went back to what I used. Because I said, the little bit so I used always work for me. So I've never had that mentality from day one where it's like, when I got into the sport, I knew drugs would have involved, but it wasn't like had that mentality where I need them. It's like, okay, if I get that it's legal, I can't really for a show. I have to take him to use him, but then when that shows over, I come off him and say, I'll come to the next contest. There wasn't one of these things where I need him to train hard without him. I can't get big without him. I can't do this. So I never had that mentality where as people think, you know, you see guys all the time, I can't get with him. I'm not on drugs. I lose sight of him, I'm not on drugs. It's like, there's some kids at the gym. They come up, they're like, I said, I'll train two times a week, three times most. They don't need properly. They don't train properly. They're kind of, hey, I'm doing a cycle now. So all of a sudden, they're in the gym five times a week. They're eating six times a day. Right. But I got his gears working great. Look, I put size on my strength score. And I went, if he just counted the gym five six times a day, and thought, okay, they probably, he would've got the same results. Yeah, right. Because they're on the gig. And then they won't come off, but then when they come off, they get it like, I've lost all my size and strength. Four of the times I've done cycles, I've never lost size, never lost strength. I got size now. I haven't been taking anything. As long as you keep eating good and keep training, you're going to keep what you have. So they said, so just, yo, yo, yo, yo. Just I've got a friend that has been on the gear for six years straight. Never come off. Every time he said, I'm going to do a show, I'm like, okay. Here we die into the four weeks, as soon as his T-shirt gets loose. He's fucking gone mental breakdown and fucking puts the dog. I can go back on, you know, taking more. You're not getting, because he can't handle. I think he gets smaller, sir. I've never had that mentality where I need drugs to do what I do. It's like, okay, yes, I have to use him for certain aspects, but I've never been on a more year round. People like, oh, when you come off him, you're a little bit for PC to, you know, they're not, no, like come off him, like fucking come off him, like, okay, I'm not using smaller amounts of shit like that. I'm off, sir. Right. But like I said, these guys just think they need to be on 24, 7 in the amounts. They take, he's just ridiculous. That's why I've said the guy is, to do take these ridiculous amounts. Come off it all to give us that of a smaller amount, train hard, eat good. You'll get the same fucking results. I said, the other one is getting the good results from you using the large amounts, he's the guy you buy and lock because you've got a driving a new fucking Mercedes somewhere and live in a Mexican and Florida, like, John Ramano, you know, I'll just say, and, you know, you know, did you, did you ever interact with like, Momo, Ben and Ziza? No, I've never met him. I think he just passed away before I came over. What about Andreas Munzer? Yeah, and he was a nice guy and stuff. So, and then I say, when you have people like that when they come out with, you know, this cycle's and stuff on what they're using. It's like, you know, did the drugs really kill him? Or did they have an underlying problem to begin with? It's going back to before way. That's why I said, it's good for bodybuilders to get checkups and stuff because if you do have underlying problems and there are things that are, I'm sure, taking a views and the large amounts of some people do with morals and stuff, isn't going to really help and that sort of thing. So, it's good to get those check-ups if you are. If I can, a views and the shit which most do and, well, they say, that's what's still a nice bit of seminars. I'm sure you've been seminars where people ask me what are you using. They call me a lie, I didn't want to face my tail and 400 milligrams of this and that, or such two 50, I take two meals, which is 500 milligrams a week. And they're like, oh, we heard you take this. I'm like, oh, fuck off, I'm going to take that too. I feel like I take it up the ass and stuff as well, but I'm the one fucking doing it. I'm like, oh, I'm doing it. I'm not a fucking know, would I? So, rapidly, don't you think it's because you're a genetically gifted individual. Obviously, your body responds better to smaller dosages. You're just, you're a different creature. And there is genetic freaks out there like you. Yeah, I'm sure there is. I'm sure there's guys out there, but you take a little bit more. But when I say a little bit more, I'm like, talking like, you know, when I was in England, you got young kids that look like shit, taken 5,000 milligrams a week. It's like, you know, if 2000 ain't going to work, three or four thousand ain't going to, if I can do you any better. So it's like, you know, your body's going to get to a point where it's just like taking too many vitamins. You're going to piece them out. You take too much steroids. You're body can only, you know, I'm sure it can only take so much in. So, when you just pumping that much in, your body can't use it. That's what I said, it come back to being a realistic again. Is this sport for you? You might never be a pro body, but I see you might be a good amateur in the top level, but some guys might not even be that, but yet they're like, I'm going to turn, I'm going to turn, I'm going to turn pro. And I've always told them, if you're going to be pro, you'll know it. If you've got the exact same to be a pro in anything that God given, talent or whatever, it's just going to come through before you even touch it, but these ones are done at all, but they keep thinking about taking more, it isn't taking more at that. And like the ones that I said, talk about a 24-7, trying to get all these information, actually get too much information. There's like, you know, you seem to the gym. The last one guy, what should I do here? It's like what should I do? They're seeing me over and asking another guy, how should I train this and what's like what should I take? It's like they get all these fucking bullshit information. They're trying to condone it down and okay, what is guys said, take a fast, this guy said, two, well, I'll go 15, you know, that, okay. This guy said, dude, listen to that, you know, then he end up with someone like, foster Lloyd. So what are you doing? Don't you think Lee though this should almost be like a boot camp? You should have to go through like a certain training camp, you can get through it and prove that you could actually train with high intensity using good form, you know, heavy weights and show that you know what you're doing in the gym. Then you should have the privilege of using anabolic steroids because if you can train right and you can't get your meals incorrectly, okay, then all the steroids in the world we know won't do anything. Let's go. I get in trouble with saying that a lot of online because some guys saying, I'm taking this, I'm taking that and I look at the profile, I said, I said, I said, really, what are you taking it for? You don't need it. Why not? I can take it on, I said, yeah, but to me, it's like, if you're not really going to compete, why use it? Because like, you know what I know, if you train hard, like you said, and he goes through proper training, trained, high intensity, eight well, it's not, you can still be in a great physique, she needs genetics, moderate genetics, great genetics. You're still going to build some muscle tone and dieting down, you know, you're going to die down, you always look better. You don't need to drive surfing and metallurgy people thinking they're going to pump and never do enough of a women. They're not going to compete. They just want to do it because I want to walk around looking bigger, do this. So I think get that helmet tell me, it's like, if I never can compete as a pro, I would never have taken steroids in my whole fucking life, I wouldn't have had any need to. So I think that helmet tell you these young kids that just take it because they say, well, I want to look good. When you can do that anyway, we've had the steroids, but they think like I said, they want to get bigger and bigger and sadly, those boot camps that need a good fucking psychiatrist at the end of that fucking. I have a serious thing. Think about it. If you did a six week boot camp, it taught people how to train and eat properly. And if you wouldn't graduate unless you could actually prove to the instructors that you could train properly and that you could eat properly. And I guarantee if you brainwashed that proper way to do things and the people's heads and you gave them half the dose. Okay, of what everyone is normally taking nowadays. I guarantee they get better results in every other person out there because I believe that the training and the eating is really what dictates the results. I've been a lot of the two. And to remember one time this guy at the gym, he's a girl. He's going to go on a cycle. He's like, like, I want to do a cycle. Just kick, fucking hassle me. Can you get me? Can you get me some Diana ball? I want to try to end of all this. That way. I like to look just train hard. You don't need it. So we're like, okay, we're getting some Diana ball. So we just had Diana ball, fucking bottle laying around. I just feel that full of fucking sacrament tablets. I said, he just take fucking five at ease a day. Five at ease a day. Five at in fucking three, three or four weeks. Fuck, my strength's going up. I put so as, because at the same time, I'm told him to eat more and train. I'll spot him in morning. He's fucking bench. I was going on a bit. So I can't believe. I've got so much bigger and stronger. I said, those tablets, I give you next time you take him. Fuck and chew him. You guys, you guys. Fuck this. Wait, you guys. I said, if I can shove it tell it's you dickhead. Fuck you. Fuck you. I said, I said, there's all in your fucking head. Wasn't it? You thought you were taking Diana ball. I said, I said, I have to, he's going to take him to the restaurant. I said, if you were going to give him a shot, even though I say it's three meals in a three. You can tell it's three meals in a three. You can tell it's three meals in a three. You can tell it's three meals in a three-thousand milligrams. You can tell it's three meals in a three-thousand milligrams. I said, I have to have the time it's just all fucking mental. That's the thing. It's like, you can just, you know, if you get a spot or someone, you think they're helping you list the barn. They're not in the fucking push the way up and stuff. So, comes to anything. Is that fucking placebo effect? You've got to put it on Diana ball. It's just fucking shook the table. But yeah, he's fucking body white when up by 20 pounds. He's strength went through the roof and fucking goes, only because he put it's taken Diana ball. What do you tell the people who come to you that you just see they have the worst genetics of all time. And they want to be bodybuilders. They got the cycles listed out. They got all the drugs in the drawer. And they're like, you just know, this person is completely wasting their time. Do you tell them to square out? Yeah. You do. I do, but I don't know. I get abused even online. I get abused. And then that is one kid once he said anything. Is he in the house he's taken? Yeah, he could be a doctor. You got to get through all these fucking, my mom and dad was a doctor. So now he's in his fourth year of going through the degree to get a doctor. Right. It sounds interesting. You know, I'm thinking of giving it up. I want to be a bodybuilder. And like, do you create a set? Why don't he just be a doctor and still compete as a deacon. Fucking be a doctor with a good physique, you know? Because that won't be professional. So he seems to be these photos. I said, look, honestly, man, I said, he might have a nice physique. Not going to be a pro bodybuilder. So just keep doing the doping. So you kind of the great job. You make lots of money. He wrote, back fuck you cut off. I'm like, oh, well, it's like go ahead then. But you know, he's trying to be honest with people. You get so fucking mad. The question is, where is that guy today? Where is that guy? I don't know. That's the thing. I love to fall off in some of these people that have given me a abuse saying, I'll show you sort of stuff because that's like I said, that's good to have a goal. I say, like, you got no chance to begin the body going to live twice as they want to be a bodybuilder. Bodybuilder, bodybuilder, it's like, start small. Maybe start a local share, but they're coming saying, I'm going to be a Mr. Olympia. I'm going to do whatever it takes. I'm going to do to be Mr. Olympia. You know, they're going to be Mr. Fuckin' Pico. Bullonver, to shut the fuck up. It's like, that's like, that's like, that's like, that's like, that's like, that's like, that whole thing we've reality and like I've said it before. For some reason, bodybuilding and that attracts the biggest decades around because like I said, I got made to play the golf on the weekend. They play tennis, but they're not out there playing tennis. Same next week, I'm taking on Dr. Vitch and I'm going to fucking beat that kind of win, win, win, win, win, well to no. I got made to play basketball and like, you know, what, what's we going to use time? I'll be in the fucking NBA, fuckler, bro. And I'll be fucking bed on him. It's like, they do it for some because that's what they do. But everyone gets in the body going to go to the GM things to go to the fucking Mr. Olympia. They take drugs and then get it. And that young boy went on to become a man. Exactly. And then the wrong way. I'm going to be like, well, I'm going to be a fucking... ...a really weak one. I'm going to be fucking... I'm going to be a fucking... I'm going to be a fucking... ...a really weak one. I'm going to be a fucking... Oh, sorry, that's... You know, just, just leave your story. Bob Brushkin told me I went and post for him when I was first... I had just left medical school and I said, I want to be a bodybuilding. He told me you go back to school too. Yeah, I did hear he listen. Now I did, obviously, I didn't listen. He posed a naked foreign to. Yeah, almost. But hey, Lee, you know what? Good to hear from you, thanks for joining us today. You know, I just want to tell you one more thing. That advice you gave me five years ago. Go fuck yourself. That it works. Let me tell you something, Dave. What if the hokey pokey is really what it's all about? Yeah, and then there may be. It's just my big. I think about that. We're as John Romano though. We got to do the investigative... Yeah, he's not a good one in the job site. And that was what we're trying to... Whatever, it's what we're trying to say. He's doing his fucking A&L's interview. Yeah, exactly. I've got to ask him to do the same. Thank you. All right, I got one final question for you. Phil Heath, seven-time Mr. Olympia, is no longer on the contract now with AMI. There's no more exclusivity contract with him. So, he interviewed with MD. I'll probably interview him in the next week or two, whatever. Give me one question that you think I should ask. The more would be a one-good lead-preest question that I can add to the list. You would like to know about Phil Heath. Did he really run up and down that mountain on? Oh, I'm... I'm the movie. I've been listening to the body, though, yeah. No, I didn't really have the question, but, you know, did you say I got abused a lot by people when I said Mr. Olympia opened, might be on its way out of the classic to see coming in. People are like, oh, fuck you, late. The Mr. Olympia's going to be here forever. He's thinking as far as marketing wise goes, if they're trying to get it mainstream with the rock coming in and stuff like that. I figured they're important to get seen. The Mr. Olympia might be going the way of the Mr. Olympia, so I'm not going to abuse. Fuck you, don't you talk about, Marmar Marmar Marmar. People got excited about the fact that you kind of hinted that you were going to be competing in 2020. I got to tell you. Yes, I saw that. Yes, well, you know, classic physique never seen it. Why I said this? Well, then again, I missed out on your last episode where you said these trains, Jen, that's fucking bikini. The bikini here I fucking come. You know, I've got to get a nice sequence. Top, some nice, high, some kind of tactic. And I mean, would you do a hair weave like that for the long hair? Is everything? Yeah, and the lashes, but I got to know what a star's placing is go. How high up do you have to go to swallow or can you just spit and still get a top five? You know, Lee, when you were 14 years old, I don't think you could have made the classic physique class. I think you still were too heavy. I won my first Charizard third day. You've come on there, give me a little bit of credit. How much did you weigh at 13 years old? I think I was about 50 kilos, 110 pound. Yeah, you could have been classic back then, that's about it. After that it's all over. By the time you were 16, you were huge already. Yeah, so flexy, see that? I make it. And now it's on about I'm coming back and now it's like we sent flexy's going to retire. Yeah. Well, he's returning to 12. So you can still get him in the open. Maybe flex and I, if I turn into a woman, we can do the couples. You're one of the happy the mixed pairs. Remember that? Someone was asking me that someone's asked me that in the straight because my daughter's going to compete in the armed sports model, part of the world in September. Really? And she was asking about the couples because I did the couples with my mum she goes, if they've brought the couples back, maybe we could do it. I'll be like, oh, you have a fucking old pervert on stage. Yeah, you have to hold that. Does you, does you don't have good genetics? Yeah, yeah, I forgot some pictures up on my Facebook cover. I mean, on my Instagram, it's good to see you follow me Dave. You know, thanks for that. Well, I, yeah, I have no, I don't really look at your Instagram to be honest. I don't look at anyone's Instagram. The tail of the gym. She's in the gym train as you're not fucking dancing around stage. Like fucking Shaun's daughter and shit. What if like, yeah, what if like Shaun read, what if Shaun read head on your daughter? Would you be pissed off? I'm sure he probably has already. How old is that? That's okay because I like the way he's daughter dancers. I've been sending her messages too. How old is your favorite love and wool? I'm a Catholic priest. I'm allowed to do that. Oh, you don't have to have very good genetics, Lee. Oh, I've just, is this showing your picture? Yeah, I'll take pictures of her. Yeah. Thank you. That's very good to take. Yeah. So there you go. Impressive. There we go. So he's so in September. She must inherit that from your father. What's his name? From last week. Oh, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Very good. You're out of the family. You're out of the family. You're not going to be doing it. You've got a very similar disease to yours. You know, when you were first in playing, you're complaining about the daughter already. You're not going to die at seven weeks. And you're already bitching to the hell. What have you done to tell you she wanted to get a tattoo in her face? Would you be alright with that? That doesn't bother me. Oh, you don't care. What harm can it do? That's. You're a big, you're a lazy, fair type of dad. You're not, you don't get too involved. I'm very open, father. I don't care about anything. As long as it's not hurting anybody else and it's not hurting yourself. And, you know, to each their own, I say, Would you like to see it? Would you be okay with your daughter competing like the, you know, the figure, a lip-eal level or maybe women's disease? Yeah, yeah. It's not as long as it did it safely because I wouldn't have our, like, you know, so you wouldn't be. She, but if you had to use, there was, and then she said, look, I've got to use them at this level of, like, you know, I understand that. So, you know, as long as it's done safely, I'm sure she went to doctors and had everything checked up on stuff. So, that's like I said, you can't, you can never really stop them from doing anything. They're going to do it. We can do it. Go on. I don't know what they're doing. They're right. They're right. Because they get some parents who are like, I'll never let them do this. I never let them do that. You know, especially the ones I got friends there that have daughter's growing up. And they're like, my daughter's never going to date. She's never going to do it. She's never going to have sex. I said, you know what? It's kind of fuck up happens. Just remember, when you were a young guy, banging someone's fucking daughter, you know, you're going to touch my daughter like that. I said, you get it to guys. I said, you know, my daughter can't do anything. She was feeling, tell me she had sex. I didn't get mad at her. I said, well, she's open and can tell me about it. And in the back of my mind, I was just thinking, fucking karma. That's it. Just kind of, let's come in. Come in back. You know, please, please, don't get all the same upset. My daughter's not going to date, you know, what's going to happen. So, at least I'd rather everyone, I'd give you the daughter when it can come until you think it's going to be open. We can stuff like that, rather than hide stuff. Here's some of these overpowering dads that just got around. Right, right, right, right. So, you're going to be as a father when you're too close. You're too close with parents, that's the two cool words. Hey, you just got to be like that. I said, like you said, if you get mad, let me tell him not to be otherwise going to. So, we all did it when we were young. You parents just started to get it. You're like, fuck that. I'm going to do it. So, that's how you go to be. They say, dad, I'm going to be gang-bang. So, don't ever gang-bang. So, okay, just go do it in time. So, experience life. Go out. You know, take the numbing cream in case it fucking gets sore and swells up. But, you know, you just go out and enjoy life. Come on, let's do it again, but at least you've experienced it. Get that any system there. So, you're going to do it later on. You know? Why is words of wisdom from leaping? In way of protection? Way of protection. There you go, right. Just say now. That's my, that's going to be my modest my daughter. Just say, no, and on that note, leaping. I can't hear him. I can't hear when he got chloroform died. Sometimes he's like, I don't know. What's that? Just to say, no. From leaping, stay below in Tyler's shore. We'll see you next time. Bye.