Welcome back to Iron Rage, the show where John Romano, Lee, Priest and I, vent off frustrations with the world, and luckily for me today we have all three of us here today on Lee Priest 46th birthday. Happy birthday my friend. Thank you. Happy birthday, Lee. Happy birthday, Lee. My buddy, Chuck's working. Look at that. It's fucking beautiful. This show proves that Ashley Lee is in Australia because you know, they're in the midst of winter there. We have summer here and it's very early in the morning. They're very late in the afternoon here and there's the mood. There is. I was a little disappointed of Lee's telescopic, you know, depicting of it. My Hubble, my Hubble, my Hubble spicy can't stand at the moment. And if I pay this way, look, see that, that's the start of it of sudden coming up behind me. Wow, how beautiful. See that? Yeah. And that. The lead. Get out. As you get older, you get up early. The land down there. You always were in early rising early, right? Yeah. Oh, I see. Always get up early. It's the best part of the morning. Getting up early. The time of the day, you just can't beat it. The problem is I can't get the sleep till four o'clock, they can't get on my work time. Otherwise you got kids, that's your fault. I know. I'm your right. I see that idea. It's the same thing. I think I met you when you were 18. You're Gold's Jim. Wow. Yeah, 19. I was 19. Yeah, I was 40 then, still. I was 40. Yeah. I was 40. Yeah. I think in the 1940s, when you actually think back, you think, where the fuck is that time go? I know. I know. When you're younger, your parents will tell you as you get older, time goes quicker. And you just like, oh fuck off a dozen. That's a pretty like shit. Where is it going? Sure. Sure. Well, we have a bunch of topics to talk about on today's show. One of them is, you know, for the last probably a couple of years has been this picture going around of this bodybuilding competitor in the UK by the name of Bernie Cooper, who everyone plays. My dad is Lee Priest-Dad. And they say, at the time the article first came out, they said he's 71 years old, which would make him possibly, he could be your dad, I guess he was 71. Lee, first of all, I'm clear. I'm glad you're following. And that you're following. Now, we're just really good friends. I'm at Bernie, back in when I was with VPX, when I went to the Arnolded Classic Over there in Spain one year. So I'm heading there. We just became really good friends. We got on really good stuff. I just started calling him my dad. And then I just stuck. So people think he's my dad. And then this guy did a thing once because Bernie was competing over season. He got busted with a little bit of gear on him. He got thrown in jail for a day. So this guy comes on this, I think at his name, he's on some radio shows. Like, for himself, Dr. P. H. D. He's like, of inside breaking news at Lee Priest, could be like his father. His father is a well-known drug dealer. And was jailed. And was jailed. You'll only hear his hear first also. This is father. Is a homosexual as well. So this is breaking news. This guy's gone off his big fucking. I don't know who, I think at his name, is that something that old podcast he goes on. So he wrote the news of my dad. He was a drug dealer and home, a sexual and in jail and all this stuff. But Bernie and I get on really good. Really great guy. He's actually around 72. I saw a post yesterday, playing in here was 96. Yeah. And what that's the thing. They say he's now, he's the oldest body on the world. 96 is us. It isn't that Bernie Cooper who was fully 71. A couple years ago. He's got, he had just in doggy. He's every birthplace. Yeah. I don't like my height. I go from five foot one to five foot to four foot nine to five foot four. But I'm really five foot five and a half. I always add that half. Stop because I'm thinking I want to add a half. But when the doctor mentioned me against the wall, he said five foot five and a half. So really theoretically, you're body building terms on five seven. Yes. This way when you do questions, when leaves rough down for classic physique, you can make the week better. That's why. You know, people always say if they're out on 18 and a half, they're always say 20. They always say that extra inch and a half. And then you got to add the exact amount of body weight too. No. Oh yeah. You never get to true body weight. John and an extra axe to the sweatshirt. The axe. I get mine from China. Five ex hits me. Well, lining teapower, he says that every all body bulls lie about their weight. Oh, the old. Well, remember, Lonnie was always all for having the scale before they walked on. So he got a answer. I had no problems with that. If they want to hop on this scale before we walk on. The two kids, because really like I said, on stage it's an illusion. He cares a lot of people weigh so I don't know why. There's such a big thing. People say, oh, this is not like in case. He could be a hundred, you know, two hundred eighty pounds. But look like a bag is shit when someone like LeBron looks fantastic at 186 pounds. True. Weights are relevant. Yep. Now, John, I don't know if you've heard a flex Lewis announced this week that he was this Olympia. This 2018 Olympia would be his last as a two 12 competitor. Do you think it's anything to do with Lee Priest come back? I think so. I would have to absolutely consider. That's it. You make one little video having fun with a friend saying you come back and he's fucking now. He's fucking the bait's going to go on forever. Who was the best physique? He's taken off now. I just say I'm coming back and there he's retired. I'm used to doing the open. So if you go on there, I'll follow you. That was awesome. That is so good. That's two, that's two, twelve was a little bit hard for him to get down to. But now you go on in the open. Welcome to my world friend. He lays down the bottom. There was a 20 problem. You said that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He lays down the bottom. There was a 20 problem. Yeah. And he said it was going to probably do it in 2020. So that's good. That gives me a little bit more time still. We've got a date flex. I'll see you in 2020. What is next bet? Are you getting surgery in that net? I've been given a few more things. There's a place that they said there's a place in Florida. I think at the name of the CEO of hood of it. They do some pro bodybuilders are gone there and they do stem cell stuff and that they're in Florida. It's like a big training center. They tell me about. I met him when I was in Brazil and they said they might be able to do something like come down there for a week. They said they might be able to get it back to almost. We've had having to do this. You're so I'm looking at options before I think it cutting to the neck again. Yeah. I know a guy who went there and got the stem cells injected in his knee. Yeah. And new cartilage grew back. He didn't need the. He didn't need the replacement. Well, what the the research I tried my shoulders. They were too far gone. I did stem cells twice on him. But what they say is that the articulating surfaces will get a very, very thin layer of cartilage on him. But it's just enough to lubricate it a little bit. So you're not really getting a lot of cartilage growth. But you're getting a little lubrication back there. I think is what it's going to do. Well, it was my we're just going to try and get that little nerve. I'm crushed if it's a stimulation goes back to those things. So anything they can do they say they can try different things to try. Get those muscles firing again. So we'll see what happens. Unfortunately. You know, I think in on a secret. They probably even was one arm I can take in. They're telling. They're telling. Why I'm tied behind my back again. Like currently, I'm bringing in. Well, well, well, well, I mean, now with this arm, what is it? They're these by gender or by binary. I don't associate with whatever class or person, human female. Because one side looks pretty good. The other side's smaller. I can maybe do the main soap and body building and fucking bikini on the other side. They count the night because I'm, you know, I don't associate with my little female. So I'm going to do both. Let me ask you this question. Is your other arm really that much smaller than the good arm? Uh, has had to look at trying. No one's ever seen it, but I'll try to show you. Okay. Oh, no. If I phone will stand up. Here you look. This is good arm. All right. All you muscle worship is that that. It's take note. It's posing. Look at that. That looks fucking good. That's fucking good. It's a problem. This is good arm. This is good arm, right? Okay. Bad arm. It's still looking pretty good. I think the bad one looks better. Bad one doesn't look better. That's the bad arm. That's the bad arm. That by-sips of tiny bit small, but I think the triceps bigger. Yeah. It's actually the triceps that's actually lost the size here. See, if you look, if you look, if you look at the triceps, look, you just arm. There's some. Yeah, a little bit. Yeah. Well, you know it's four arm ones. Four arm ones, there's arms bigger, there's four arms bigger. Look. I think it's looking pretty good. Look at this fucking preview for 2000. 20. Wow. Not bad. Not bad. Not bad. Oh, I'm just too tired. What are you waiting for? Well. I just told 30. 20. Oh, I think I got a cramp. What are you waiting for? Oh, is he listening to us John? He goes up listening. Good plan. I didn't hear him. I can't hear him. You guys, it's too much talking. Oh, yeah. This is like the old amateur out. Hey, John. John, I'm 230, mate. It's just letting me know. I heard you the first time, but. What's that? What do you think about what's what's what happened with Don Long? You see, here that he got sentenced to a year and a half in prison. That's pretty good. I mean, that's why no time for what he was doing. Come on. That's nothing. Yeah. You know. Hey, look, you got to look at it this way. If you're going to go out and take that risk. All right. You know, there's a potential downside to your whole thing. That is an equation that you weigh. It's called risk versus benefit ratio. And you have to assess, okay, if I make $10 million in drug sales over here, and I end up getting caught, spend a million bucks on lawyers and end up with year and a half in jail. And I get to keep seven and a half million. Is that worth it? Yeah. Okay. So. You know, I am. I am. Are you speaking from experience, Dr. I'm. Maybe. So. So, so I mean, you know, if you're always going to make it, I don't know how Don feels about it. I haven't talked about it, but you know, I paid attention to what he was doing, what the reports were of course they're exaggerated whatever. But look, he wasn't in a for-chomp change. Yeah. So, if he was smart and he put any away and he has some work in forum and he's, you know, got in got his, you know, back. His end game put together a year and a half of vacation and clubbed is not bad. Yeah. So, you know, if you if you get to keep your shit. Yeah. So, you know, if you got to pay back $250,000 in restitution, I think, or fines or whatever. That's a shame. That's a shame. That's a shame. That's a shame. Why don't you rest it? It's fine. He was fine. Okay. Like, here's a good bodybuilder back in his day, you know, good physique. And that's really, really, really. You know, it's a shame that somebody built us have to turn that isn't it? Because you're not really here at that in any other pro sports, even the lowest paid in other sports would never have to turn the probably selling drugs on the side to make it fucking loose. Well, you know what the thing was? I'm sure done and his wife are making very good money coaching people. I think what happens is it becomes too easy, you know, you fall into it and you get away with it for so long that you just think, well, it's never going to get quite. Is what would happen? Well, I had friends like that. I just get greedy. I just ran into California like that selling to everybody. He got bigger and bigger used to talk loud about a lot of time. He had 50,000 wards of cash on him at one point. And I'm like, you know, make your friend the moment. I'm going to kick you over to head one day and kick you. I can catch out of your fucking big out of your bum bag. But, you know, he just got too big about it. So, I started talking so loud about it. And then I did it on five years. So it's like, you know, it's like, you got to get to a point where you just got to be satisfied. Then get too big and too greedy and too loud about it. Because there's always someone out there who's going to get the shit. And the friend here who's got turned in once. But this has before steroids were like a big thing. Actually, he had to go to the job. Look, Joe, with the court, the judge, I think he's going to do it again. He said now, and the judge gave his shit back to him. But he got turned in just because some guy wanted it. And he didn't like this guy. So he said, look, I'm looking to sell it to you. So he's Mrs. Scott, the shit's and fucking caught up. Made it complaint so they come out and bust. So he's just saying he's from the lap set person. Yeah, speaking from experience. When you don't sell anymore, it's a great feeling that you never have to feel paranoid about anything. Well, you know, some of us have never, I feel left out. Some of us have never sold. You were smart, that's why we, we always made a legitimate money. That's great. I moved in the manufacturing. I got so sick of this. John stole the one. Right, somebody's not going to do it. I didn't even, I didn't even get to do a guy for pay. I'm fucking right. I'm not going to do it. Everybody else says. I don't know. I wish I did. I wish I didn't want to pay. I heard that you and Bernie Cooper, your dad would do it. And you're doing gay for pay together. Tax driver and son. Far in the father and son. Hey, if you can't have someone, if you can have someone touch your mouth, we'll be your dad. Keep it in the family. You know, you know, my father, when I found out my real father was gay, this was back when I was probably. No, my mom told me to later on, I made a joke to him. I had to get him to find it too. I think he was one of those just having dinner one night. I said, you know what dad, come to think about it. If you never met mom when you did because you know he's to go to church and mom knew he was sort of gay, but you fought the law of them, her could change him, but that didn't work out too well. Did it? He's been with his, he's been with his same partner now over 35 years, but I said to him one day, I said, if you didn't make mom when you did, I said, I could have been wasted on the blow job or up somebody's bum. Woo. He didn't, he didn't find that too. I didn't, you know. It's true. That's true. Imagine if he didn't meet mom when he did, I could be like, please, please go to the state of head on the floor. Okay, now. Or what? What? I could have been up the house. You're the only way, somebody. There you go. What a, what a revelation to make on your birthday, right? Right? Yeah. 46 years. 46 years ago, he found the right hole for once. Oh, I can't, I can't remember man should be quiet back there. We can hear you. Lee, Lee, I just want to wish you a very happy birthday. Have a peaceful day, man. Look, the sun's the sun's almost coming up now. Try to find the right hole when you walk in the front door of the gym, right? It's just a, I think, there it is. Well, gym, the, well, gym. Go in the right, don't go in the window. Go in the, don't go in the back door. Go in the front door. Is that where you go to go? Don't hit mad. That's what I say. You don't want to hit mad. Nope. You always want to come out clean. You don't want to, you don't want to pull out an ever-cooling cone or stuck in the idea. Lee, any final words on your birthday to flex Lewis? No, I've already said enough. I still are giving a bit of way in there. Now he's seen the arms. He's got two years to, you know, keep ahead of me. But like I said, the open doesn't scare me. Yeah. You're coming. You're walking in the my domain. See, that's the point. See, the, the boy was the tell him I'm going to the two, 12, they're making Do the open. He's self-respect. Are you attractive? You're probably all the, uh, negative, uh, double negative items, sort of steep. Look at that. Lee doesn't know anything but the open. That's right. True. He's going to be swimming with the sharks now. See, I'll be 48 then too. So, you know, I hope you start to upset the null guy. It's going to fucking take him now. Hey. That was awesome. I used, I used Galen did it limpier by the way. Someone else asked me that. I, I don't have any answer yet. I'm not sure. To be honest. Like, I'm probably going to flex. I'm probably going to flex. Scallor, so you should. Oh, I'll see if I can do it. We'll see. I gotta see if we get a sponsor. So how flex goes send me out there? That'd be cool. You're telling me I stole the sponsor. I coverage. Have a bet. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's best coverage. It was still flex Lewis. Yeah. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. Are you free, Frarté? Well, just, well, just, well, just getting up. Well, I'm ravellum a bit. I'll turn up with 10 on this one. Just stuck with him. Yeah. Do it diaretic. We should pull a dentist Newman and run up on that. That's a really helpful look. We pull a dentist Newman and run up on stage and pull it down again. So right on the Olympia stage. There you go. Yes. No one dentist Newman did that. I don't want to get too much away yet. Oh, yeah. We don't want to give away all these secrets. Oh, I've already showed the arms in the abs this morning. That's a bit much. That is. You're in a good mood. It's your birthday and to new dawn. It's a new day over there in Australia. And enjoy your day. It's getting lighter. Yeah. It is. If you look at your window now, the sun's probably setting off set. That's the same sun that is now appearing over here. If you go ahead and look at it and I look at my sun, we'll be looking at the same sun from different sides of the world. Isn't that beautiful? It is. There we go. The food. Leave a little bit of time. He's like on an airplane flying now. That's not right. I'm fucking super man. You do it. Hold your arm out. Hold your arm out. Like your plane. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. This is what I'm going to get through to that thing. Oh, she's on the ground. Leave. Enjoy your day. That'll take us to the end of another episode of Iron Rage. We'll see you next week. Leave will be a week older. Yeah. But not us. No.