Oh, you're funny. Oh, you're funny. So like I say, like I say, like I say, like I say, do you like my tail or my first shoe? Well, I'll come back to another episode of Iron Rage. I'm here with Cookie Monster and Lee Priest. And in that we're right now. Are we right now? You got the Mike Lodge from your anus and we're right the guy. Major film was lodged in my anal fisher and it wasn't the other one. Unfortunately. What is that saying? You're shirt there. But man. More. Hutsman's fitness. Hutsman. Oh, but the big. Yeah, the buttsman. He's actually an Australian comedian. He lives in Newcastle. He does. He's got a YouTube channel where he talks about stuff on there. It's pretty funny. He talks about this woman. Vegan, vegan, booty. His t-shirt says eat pussy, not meat, nor do you sort of stuff. She's a nut job. She's got to only fiends page. But if you check out the buttsman on Instagram or YouTube is pretty funny. Because he gets little stories from the news and he makes fun of them and stuff. And he's actually a comedian that when he goes around the different places here. You know, the people trying kids. So they're because he fat change and stuff like that. You know, we win one day. Is that his real name? But I think the thing. I think it would be his last name, buttsman. You know, I love to think about, you know, how people have these last names. Because, you know, at some point in time when they were creating names, I don't have a thousand years to go. Someone in his family tree, you know, had, it was a but man. He maybe he was grabbing girls, butts in the town square. And they, they named a buttsman, you know. Is that like, is that like the Indian joke about two equals soaring and all these sort of stuff and wild river? And why you asked me this question, two dogs fucking? Is that? Is that? Like, a lot of means pigeons were dubbed. So we were obviously the Columbus and Italy were probably, you know, either the breeders of dubs and pigeons or we probably slaughtered them. One of the other. I think we were, uh, breeders of them, however, because I'm an animal. So if you're like coming from the streets and your mother was a prostitute in your name, Sally Cox, like, I'd you get that name. I see. I see it all in Tyler. Tyler. I see his, his relatives were, were worked on the beach somewhere. You know, in the background. Oh, maybe, oh, maybe every time someone asked him a question, they went, She'll. I get that. She'll. Oh, I read that. So I, there was somebody coming from the sea shell. I'm going to say that. Oh, does you know, does you know Sally who sells sea shells? Yes. Yes, he does. Oh, that's just. I agree. Probably came from, you know, he probably was, you know, just, he was, you know, all about, you know, conservation of the forest is relative somewhere, you know, down the road. I think they had the, I don't think they had that term green spectrum. And I think they had just I ate a lot of greens. So, you know, okay, there was no conservation of everything that's chopped shit down. Speaking of Kai Green, what do you think about the video the Kai set me set me two videos, actually, maybe we could pull those up, asking me, you know, what I thought about him, what the way looked and should he do the Olympia? I mean, would you, what would you recommend the Kai? I gave him my opinion. I said he sent me the same video and I recommended a couple of plants and a rug in the river, but it was really nice. The room was looking very big. Oh, it's done. I didn't get time to send you a video, but I'll do it now. Just say you can see. Okay. You got the moves, too. Yeah, just like it. It's uncanny. I don't know if I'm watching Kai Green early, please. That really hit me too many poses though. There you go. All right. What do you think should I do the Olympia? I think you should. Oh, sure. I just make a fruit salad. What are you reckon? Oh, that's that nice. Portage. What? I did just pick out one food. I was in Clusey. Thank you very much. You got to be in Clusey. From what Kai implied to me, too, he was on very, very light. A supplementation. So this is a good look for him. I mean, can he get a chance? I think you can ship it ten weeks. Easy. Easy. Where are you? Now, of course, you could do it. I'm sure, you know, if he gets into his proper eating and gets on the proper supplementation and the whole ten weeks of getting in that mind frame too can change your body just if you know training for something and you're getting that contest mode of mind frame ten weeks is a long time. Especially starting from there. It's not like he's starting from bulk, double starting from being died at the end like you see Kevin in the days would do. So he's starting from the point where some of the guys do in the Olympia, I'm even at that box of your right. You're right. Now, you know, what's interesting is, you know, I was, I was trying to analyze the whole Kai Green myself, which is sometimes a difficult thing to do. I was doing study on it. And I've seen him myself. So a lot of people, we comment on this. Why didn't Kai come back after the title was vacated when Sean Rodin couldn't defend his title in Brandi Curry. Because that would have been his right. That would have been probably the most vulnerable time in Olympia level where Kai could have just stepped in and probably easily won. But then I said to myself, Kai Green would never do anything that easy because you know what Kai's lean is a drama person. He's about art and the story and the whole build up to what he does. The best, you know, storyline or the ending to his story would be to beat Big Ramey, right? Who's the most dominant Mr. Olympia right now in the last how many years because of his size, it is mass. I mean, imagine Kai coming into the Olympia and going up against, you know, the final two-collar. When the grandmothers. When not even, we're not even not even beating Big Ramey, but beating Bonak and Heidi, you know what he's up to guys. And all the newer people that have come into it, you know, if he's right, so they're about. Yeah, because it's like what's happening happened the brand new. If Kai had a step in a one that, or would have been, would he beat? He didn't beat anyone. Feel wasn't there, such and such wasn't there. So it would have won the Olympia. Then people would have made it like we didn't beat anyone. Feel good, so it's like, yeah. I mean, it would have been nice from the comeback last year when Phil was in the show so we could have seen those two go head to head. But I think having an established Mr. Olympia like Big Ramey who's very dominant and Kai coming in almost as the underdog in a sense, it's Kai that dramatic need or that dramatic reason to get up on that stage and bring his best. I think so. And as like as people say, why didn't they do it before, but you know what it's like, you know, people can say to the chaos, come home or you should do it. You look great. You look great. But if you're not 100% focused on doing it, there's no point, even if you're 98%. There's no point going up. The even though he looked great, if you haven't even 100% focused on that well, you know, that's like, and speaking of 100% focused, it also means by also makes my buy on duck gets sick in the stomach. I messed up my little thing. I'm going to pull out because I got mental problems. And then the team came out today saying, we're not here for gold medals. We're already winners in our heart. Fuck off. Look at that bullshit. Did they go then? Let somebody go who wants to win a medal? Why go to the Olympics? You cannot go on for gold. We're just here because we're champions in our heart. We're coming to sink, Kumbai, Yarn Roller, and on the fucking max. Well, no, they're only saying that lead because they didn't leave the gold medal. They only got the silver medal. Oh no. That's like it's like now, because everyone's been coddled or, you know, everyone gets an award. Everyone gets a trophy or winners. You know, it's like when you used to play a video game by yourself. They used to do it to you and play a game. So you got five lives. And if you start within 10 seconds, you get killed or start again. I can't see the analogy. I can see the analogy. I was my wife. So that's what Kaiser is doing. The dream of video game. It's where do you use the same analogy? It is because it's like, but there you can't start again. There you go. Or I know what. I got the latest trend. I got mental problems. That's the latest get out of jail. Three card. We become it murder. Whether you do anything. The mental problem is. They bring up. She got right. There are no skills got right. Then they still went on. She got right before when she went and got mental. But you still managed to get through. But now all of a sudden, who just came up with me, I was going over the whole course. When I went over the whole course. I'm just talking. That sounds back on for me. I've got something to ask. No, I think what happened is you know, what happened with in gymnastics. If you get your head too much, when you're flipping, you lose track of where you are in the air. It can be very unnerving because especially that happens over and over again. Because then what happens is now you start to get afraid and scared. And I think this is why a lot of times we don't see these gymnasts competing into their late 20s. It's like teens, maybe early 20s and then they're out. Like 24, which is what some of them buy us. This is old for a gymnast. And I don't think it's because they don't have the skill level. I think it's because you get too smart when you get all the wrong ones. You start saying, what the fuck am I doing? If I land on my head, I'm going to break my neck. You know, once you have that in your head, there's no way you can be your best anymore. You have to be. I know. But like that in any sport, you know, some race car drives a crash a car. It's got that feeding going into a certain corner or even body building. You know, if you tear a muscle on a leg press, when you go back to that leg press and you start loading it up again, that feeling and memory of your legs snapping, coming down, all comes back. So you're sort of getting a bit more cautious. But you know, you're there at the Olympic Games. You went through water training. But she must've known as like, you fuck up. It's like, okay, if you can't get back on it, then just let make up excuses. Yeah, the problem is that the coaches, she hires her coaches. So these coaches can't even say like when I was on a team in high school, if I was screwing up the coach, you grabbed me over the side, you'd be like, you know, he would tell me, get that in that game. You're not going to drop out. You know, and I don't deserve it. And I'd go in. Now she's giving commands to the coaches because she's a celebrity. So what does a coach say to her? If I was the coach, I would've been like, let's get your ass into a gym. We're going to go over this vault 6,000 times until you get in the back. And then you're going to compete tomorrow because there is no quitting, you know. But we'll have to get all, even get a one-loaded like motivation coach. Just to help you more mentally and physically because physically she didn't do anything. Let me see over there, right? Ah, oh my god. I was also green with John on the last show. And John, you used to see word beautifully. I've got to go get 10 out of 10 for that. But the whole I grew of John, this fucking fights bullshit. Stop talking about, I told Mr. Gears on live yesterday. I said, giving two weeks notice, go it out and just flog. Let's see what it is. I said, I don't give you giving four months, six months a year. He's not going to improve on his fighting skills or his fitness. So it's all fancy could be dead. So just go down and fight it out now because it's just going on and on and on. And I have a headache actually when they talk about it. I can't say just as the show pictures when they start talking about that now. Yeah, but I like the photo too. I'm the soccer team when the what's the name that white girl on the American soccer team with the purple. Here, whatever they said, you look like an idiot when you're taking a knee, but the black players are standing up for the year having been saw. She's telling my taken a knee and the black players are standing up for the end. I don't know what all these. You know, like you said it, if you don't like the country you live in, then get the freak out. You know, that's all there is to it. I mean, I mean, what is what I don't understand. What I think is so if you're going to compete for like Bob'sburg, about competing for yourself, make a statement. But your day you've had all the opportunities given to you, probably got your scholarship and you got your endorsement, the usually making millions of dollars because you can beat for America. The American team is flown, you know, representing America and the flag of the country. And then you want to turn you back on it, that gave you opportunity to beat it and make what is money. If you don't like it, get out of the team and go do your little protests on your, that's what I don't get. Why don't they do these protests on their own time? After these people, a big name sports stars. They could probably ring up any station and get an interview or do some podcast and stuff and do this to hold time. But you don't hear it now. It's like this whole when the BL and first started and everybody put up a black square that bring awareness to racism. But if racism still going on, why don't you put that black square up once a week to keep it out there? It's like breast cancer. If I see another pink f**k in ribbon everywhere I go, they keep that in your face all the time. Sporting events and shit. But that's where it's all these black squares going now. Crickets until the next big thing happens to like, let's jump on the bandwagon. Let's put up something so that we'll be like, people will as cheaply. You know, it's funny. Back in the day when I was having trouble getting a pro card when there wasn't really many opportunities. You knew that. Once it was like three pro cards given per year or something like that. And what the American National. And when the overall in the North Americans in USA and nationals was a weight class. But so I wanted to suggest it to me this and why don't you go back, you know, you're half Jewish. You can go to Israel and get a pro card because you know, your mother is Jewish. You're considered Jewish and you can go and live in Israel. That's the policy there. And they should go compete there. You'll win the Mr. Israel and you can get a pro card. And I say, I am from the United States. That's my country. I'm proud of it, you know. And so, you know, I don't know why people take for granted all these freedom. Go overseas and see how they live in some of these countries. You want to go there. They haven't got a clue when they talk about being a press. And this is what I hate to when people like the big stars, LeBron, Oprah and these talk about being an oppressed. Yes. Yes. I'm sure Oprah experience racism being a black female woman coming up. And I'm sure the industry she went into, you know, you're going into a male dominated TV networking type thing where it's made. You may all talk show hosts and male people in the, oh, industry. I'm sure she experienced sexism too, but rather than say, this is an oppressive country when you're a billionaire, why don't you say, look, I got a hundred knockbacks, but I cut perseverance. I get cushioned forward. I had all these shit against me, but they kept moving forward. I look where I'm today, rather than say, you're not going to get anywhere because of the white man. The white man is going to keep you back. They're going to use people at a multi millionaires who are of color. Why don't they talk about what they went through to get there and let people know you can get there. You just got a persevere, stop looking for people to blame and shit. So speaking of Jewish, just brought up that ever to do the time, I had that like, I was selling homes and shit because you know, used to being the real estate. I didn't know that. I didn't last long. It didn't last long because of people like you. I was showing this family through the house. I didn't know that I was Jewish and we need the kitchen and that said, I hope it's not electric style. I was not electric. I said, no, no, it's a big gas oven and not through for the whole family. Oh, God. And little did I know that. I said, I'm day and they got so mad at me. I'm like, I can't do this price. I can't say anything wrong, so I quit. If you get that attitude, I'm just going to go along with this. So we go upstairs and I'm showing them the button. Sorry. True story. I said, go, he there. Look at the shower. There's a one day looking at the shower. I turned the line up and I went, oh, you're terrible. And I got fired. I got fired from the job. You're figured out. I don't know why. You're making it up. I don't know. True story. It was a good story. I thought it was good. See, I quick, I can think of things when you just brought up the word Jewish. I just went to the real estate selling homes and I guess. I got a fact of how does my mind work. Yeah, I could play that. I could play mental illness. I'm going to tell you something. I took a road trip. You know the grams. You know the grams. They would run the body building, you know, in the Australian, in Australia. Anyway, the gram, Paul Graham Jr. took me on a car. He had it right me to something. I don't, it wasn't when I went to, when I went to the original. He took me somewhere. I was doing a tour of Australia to all the stores. He drove me someplace. I don't even remember where it was. We were in the car for three hours together. I never laughed so hard for three hours straight. You lost these. You have got the best sense of humor. And people are so tight. Like, Americans would never understand your sense of humor. But he said to me, the reason why people like you and Australia Davis. Because you've got the same sense of humor. You don't take yourself seriously. And nothing bothers you. And because you guys will tell the college under the seaward left and right. And it's not offensive. It's like a funny thing. I laughed so hard for that three hours. And you know what? I wish the Americans had the osteosense of humor. We'd have a much better country. Well, you're still, I think you used it. Because when you started like the comedians out like Richard prior and George Carl and some of these people, back then before the Woken Cancer culture come along, you could tell and joke about that people. People of color religion. Anything because people in different between a joke. Right. And then they're actually vilifying someone and being outright racist. People in new to different. It's like, I remember back in day. I had so many friends of color where they were Mexican black whatever. They love blazing saddles. And how how races were that movie. Yeah, you're starting to get it. But they, everybody laughed at it because they played on stereotype. They played on this. Everyone knew the difference. But now you can't say, when they start getting down when it started coming in, they can't use the word blackberry. You can't use the word blackboard because the word blacks. And they're like, they're like, I can't use the cup wood black. All of a sudden be racist. And it's like when shit's like that started happening. And then they were going back through comedians, hosts from 10, 15 years ago. And wanting them to apologize for shit they said back then. It's like, this is just fucking ridiculous. It's like, you know, there's so many things that they're somebody to find it. It's jokes. They made on stereotypes. They made on things that are that of color. You're laughing because in the real world, or make you cry and upset. So you like to escape from that and you're laughing because you're not so bad. And I was like, that Jim Jeff is at that. That make jokes about right now. If you're talking about right, it's not a funny subject. Some of somebody's comedians still in a way where you sort of laugh. You're like, oh, fuck that is funny, but it's still bad. But you know, that's what you're going to do. You got to laugh at yourself. That's the good thing Australians, we laugh at ourselves as well. It's like, we don't take anything serious. As long as you said, as long as you're not doing it in malice, you're just telling a joke. It's like, you can tell a joke about something. You could have made jokes before I'm like, say something about, you know, down syndrome and stuff like this. Or, you know, if someone's like, they said before about if someone's got a twin there lose their twin and they're all upset. I said, we're just fucking lying. How's we mirror the bastard's there every day? You're still, you're still feeling people like, look, I lost the twin brother on that. I'm not fucking talking about you again. It's like, I'm sorry you lost your brother better. So whatever, it's like, you're talking about me. I have what I even know. You know, people need to just sit back and have a laugh at themselves. Because when you look at what's going on around the world, you go, have a laugh. Well, look at, look at bodybuilding, take bodybuilding, for instance, I mean, there are stereotypes in bodybuilding, right? Because we know, most black guys don't have break abs, right? I mean, that's, well, known, most white guys don't have break arms. You say that, you say that, you say that, now that's racist, that's racist. And we've got to treat us. Asian guys have amazing abs. We know that Asian women don't have a lot of butt, right? They have flat butts. I mean, there's certain stereotypes because, because genetically speaking, that's, you know, unless there's mixed blood, you know, like, I'm a mutt. I mean, so I have a Asian, Asian, Asian, Asian, Asian's can't dry. That's like, we don't have that. But the thing is, I got Asian friends and he had a crash, and I'm gonna go, I said, you're crashing, you know, we're shit dry, but so it's like, they can make fun of themselves. And like, there's all these stereotypes, like I said, bodybuilders, wolf, like these bodybuilders have small nuts, small dicks. And it's just like, we laugh at it because it's just my point. Yeah, that we laugh as bodybuilders at the stereotypes, because we actually know they're true. And no one takes it personally because we're just trying to make our bodies as perfect as we can do it. And we know what we all know. If you don't want your weaknesses, I know what my weaknesses are. It's not, so when people point it out, I never took it like, you know, I never took it like personally, I laughed at it because we know what we need to work on. I mean, come on. What is like, it's like saying a lot of genius paper when you really look at it through Tesla along the famous painters, everyone that's some sort of genius, a fucking nuts. That's what I'm saying. That's that's what I'm saying. Anyway, that's probably genius because I'm fucking nuts. I don't know where the genius part kicks in here, but it's coming. It's coming. Just one. Some of the most talented musicians, they die young, like, you know, because they drug addicts in there, they've got mental problems because they're so brilliant. They have such ability to channel whatever they channel to produce their art. That I think it, you have to be a little wacky. No one or the people don't do amazing things. That's just the way it is, you know? And it's like there's a joke I've never looked at, but it's a better than comedians like you, they get to be like Robert Williams and all these funniest people in the world who really outside of that, they're depressed or they're unhappy, but that makes them happy to see other people laugh, because they're sad, and there's it's like they try and make other people have to make up for what's missing from their lives, but when they're alone, they're all, you know, I'm going to kill myself, but what they're performing, making people laugh, they feel alive and stuff. So, yes, I'm just going to wait for my, whatever it is, my calling, they're coming along. I've got the fucking idiot nutty part there, and I just got to wait for the change. So, so, so, Kairine might come back into the Olympia, so the question is, Lee Priest, 2022, what show will we see him at? I, I just showed you my move, stay, are you going to... I don't call me. I don't think you can be ready for the Olympia in 10 weeks, though, that's the only problem. No, no, I don't think I'll give her anything. Miss early, dear. I'm so unfair, man. How about the New Yorker? I'm not. I don't know about the New Yorker. I don't know. He's at it Florida, isn't it? Yes, yes. He's at home. I don't think she has yet, as you, we would have heard about it. That, um, female male pal, if doesn't compete at yet, the Olympics have their boys, it probably wouldn't be. I know, yeah, I'll be the weightlifting, it's going to be. I'm waiting for weightlifting and track and field, but they're not letting it in. I know one, I know one weightlifting did, but it was a light of division, because it was a woman from a tail end, right? Yeah, first gold medal. And how's this, right? This is how other countries, like some of these people in the measure, I think, was a tail end, tail end or Indonesia, one of those countries where it's sort of poor, we send money to them. Yeah. How is, I don't know what America gets, but our athletes, if you win a goal, would you get $20,000 bonus when you come home, silver gets 15, that weightlifting lady from tail end or Indonesia. Right. She gets equivalent to $970,000 Australian dollars and a house, when she goes home. Really? Wow. Yeah. So maybe we should get, maybe you should become a female weightlifting, and move to a tail end. Is there a good operations, there are some of those lady boys? Yeah. Yeah. I'm at a scared level, I look too good about the two of these, you fucking, myself, all day. Yeah. But people say go fuck yourself up, I'm like, oh, I'll be right back. I'm about to keep my hands up, and you just see the Pfizer vaccine too, it's a big story. I said. It was under, just making ladies, boobies bigger. I wouldn't, I didn't see that. I didn't see that. You did? No. A lot of these women are saying they, one woman went from an A cup, there was C cup, and they're saying that some women actually started because a couple of days after they got it, some women would get like little lumps in their breast, so it was making them panic thinking that might be causing breast cancer. Yeah. So if you look at up on that, where they call it the Pfizer boob job or something now, that's the nickname, because so many women have been coming out saying they're actual breast size as grown since they got the Pfizer. That's a good way to get women to take the vaccine, right? I'm a two-astro, I'm a two-astro, I'm a two-astro, Sanica and one-fiser. You should see my car. Yeah, tell men their penis is going to get bigger and tell women their boobs are going to be vaccinated, right? That's fantastic. That's how pathetic our culture is, yeah. It's a big story about London News. First of all, I heard on the radar being able to see four-sheets, someone's just saying that for that reason, they may come and run out and get it, but you know? But it's actually a thing. I've said, you know, I think there's a woman walking around like, dentistry, we only fuck vaccinated men, you know, that's the thing to have to walk around the streets, you know? On a day, that don't want to get COVID that mix with their age and STDs and what do you have stuff? You know what it's like when you've got going to read your in a yeast infection and you get COVID on top of that day? You know what? Come on. I think they combine COVID vaccine with like an anti-AIDS vaccine and it's thrown a couple of other goodies in there as well. So at least it's not just one shot you get, you get in a couple of vaccines in one, like the, when you're the MMR vaccine and you're a kid that give you measle, mom's and Rubel are in a shot. Yeah. So you get the country that we have, but it aids and hepatitis isn't like that, you know? Why don't they just do it like a flu? I'm sure the COVID vaccine must be similar to a flu shock because it's a similar type of virus. So don't be on your get shot out, believe me, trust me. I've already had my boost, but here in Australia, because the gyms in Sydney, where my daughter is, she's probably got to pull out of a contest because they keep moving the contest because she gives you a lock down. That's right. They've been in lock down five weeks. Gyms have been shot for five weeks, now they've just extended it to the end of August. So another four weeks, all the gyms are shot. And you've got to wear a mask now when you go into the gyms and go into shopping centers and you go here and go there. And then you've got to, you don't have the skinings in America, do you? The barcode, where you've got to skinny. If you go into a store, you've got to skinny and the taste of the government website. So it tells them what time you went into the store and what time you left. That's so in case you get it, they can trace where your feet and say, no, if you're a super-super guy. Well, big brothers watching you guys way more than he's watching us over here in the US. He's watching me and he's recording because I've got some of those porn sites. So they can give him back to me. I have a client in mind, he's a good bodybuilder, he lives in Australia. He said he's in lockdown, whatever. I said, you have far you from where Lee Priest lives. He's like, maybe 30, 40 minutes. I'm probably maybe you can come and train with him. He's a UKing me. We can't even go out. If we get quite going out, it's a $5,000 fine. Yeah, because he must be in that hot zone here. It's like from SID up to the central coast. He must be central coast. He goes, that's like 40 minutes from me. Yeah, but you can only go like five kilometers or 10 kilometers from that house. That's from the house. If we get caught outside, that you get like a $1,000 fine. And this and that and the point of the infection rate haven't even gone down. From all this stuff, they're doing. It's actually gone up yesterday. There was a 100 and it doesn't sound a lot compared to other countries. There were 177 cases in SID, the 46th were out in the community while in pictures. It's an out of extended at another month and now it's like you've got to go to grocery store. Only one person from your household can go to the grocery store. And they've started to think for singles now where if you're alone in your single person, you're allowed to nominate someone to be in your single bubble. So say you want to go for and you can nominate her. But that's the only person you can see. You can't change the person once you've got. You can't do that. You can't do that. You can't do that. I bet you see Blokler would choose you. Probably over his wife, right? I honestly leave. Lee Priest I want to go side. He's my guy. But he'd be like, play with me. He's locked down for five weeks and he glutes still out. I'm trying to. I should have picked Kai. Here he died. You're not trained in that squeezing when you're in the gym. You got to squeeze. I've waited for him. I've been locked in this room to give a leave. I thought you would have left by now. You know after Blokler watched that video that I put up the Kai set me, you know, we probably texting Kai. Kai, you look great. We want to put y'all in the cover and make you a star. Can you send me one of these videos? P.S. Mine is the pants. Could you imagine? Yeah. I would be great. Like I was surprised that time was two years ago when I was at the Olympic or when he came over to Spockney. Yeah. I was funny. I was like, you know, I didn't drop it. I think he knew how to grow for him. It's like he saw me. I don't know, but I'll hear we got his conversation. He was so happy. You know, I always stuck up for you. I always supported you. I was always there. I always supported you after I got you in trouble for writing that article. Yeah. You didn't want to. And then fought and you didn't find it because they told me to. It's like, but I've always been there for you. I said, he'd be great. I guess he'd be great to have on the show just to interview. Oh, yeah. That's like he must know everything that we say about it. And here we are again, just in fun. It's like just for fun. It's not serious. It's like if he called you off and show you to talk fine doing. Absolutely. John said he wouldn't. John said he had turned back off. Yeah. But John's probably with him. But I would get him on the show and interview him in a second because I would be a great interview because I know all his I knew well. All his dream when he's done, you know, and it's pretty impressive. And that's the thing. You're not going to bring up anything nasty. You'll talk nasty. It just be a good interview. I just started off with why does the magazine suck down. No. You know. I don't even see here in a straight up. The lights are gone out. Lights are gone out. Last dream, last call. Last thing. All right. In the city. Grab your part. Not. That's the. You have to go. Letting us know that it's time to wrap up the show. Oh, look. Tyler's running the show. They're giving the fucking camera in a microphone. He's like, takes up with that fucking start. Oh, yeah. It's a flashy light. It's a nice drive. Yeah. It's a blue. They said that the blue like you stayed up. Flash the lights. A last song at a night. Brad. That's right. How am I going to. Last song at a night. Grab your partner and give her a finger pop before you go. Oh, oh. Did you get that side to do? Scouts. I remember Michelle. That's Michelle. Oh, the show. The show. It's a sense of creativity and somehow I don't know how it's. Well, you turned the lights off. I got the news that you don't know. Sorry. Well, you're looking sexy next to my way. I got into the car green moves. Oh, yeah. Well, send it to me on video. I'll just play it over. I'll let you know what you think. I should make me come back. What's that? All right. You keep doing that. All right. I'm wrapping this up. I'm there. I can't even hate it. I can't even hate it. Now, with the lead priest, we'll see you next week. Don't blame me. I told you it's even fun to miss enough. I'm sure you should come on you back. Ha ha ha.