Old School Body Building Clothing Company. If it's been three and a half hours since you last ate protein, now you're starting to freak out, you are old school. If watching someone sit on a hammer machine for five minutes between sets playing with their phone, pisses you off, you are definitely old school. OSBBC.com for the hardest training athletes. What's up with that Dave? I want to know. People who have been oppressed for a long period of time, they deserve, don't it's have never been oppressed? They've always been championed as being the greatest food of all time. Don't hurt those who are killed more people with cholesterol, fat, and ate, and so don't hurt them. Get a whole month. That might be true, but we still glorify them. And it's true, it's true. It's true. I've done fat checking on that. I've done some experimental research yourself on that. I have. I've been totally, I've been the fouls of donuts and maybe suck two cups. I'm almost balanced in the out. I suck it through and don't not hold two. I had the no sugar in the morning. I'm sure you're good at this with the cream filling. I know that black men have a cream filling for you, right? I'm so small like any clay. All right, I got to bend to a couple of things because number one, we bought this bunk bed for my son, but two weeks ago. We're in the rooms to go and we found the bunk bed. He wanted whatever, and we ordered it. I'm like, when are they going to be able to deliver us? Well, we can deliver tomorrow. I'm like, wow, what's up? Of course, it comes the next day and one of the pieces is broken. So they can't put the bunk bed together because obviously it's scratched and it dented. It looks like someone must have dropped the box. What are you going to do, right? So I used to find they said, oh yeah, we'll put the request in and they'll deliver another one. We have to wait two weeks. Two weeks to a kid five years old was like two years, right? They have a concept. So he's been driving us crazy. Everybody's the bunk bed coming. Finally, today it was supposed to be delivered. He's in school now. The bunk bed comes. My wife goes out there and they give it deliver it. It's not in the box. They have it shrink wrapped with plastics. So I'm assuming, you know what, it must have just, you know, in the factory taken it out of the box, right? And inspected it because they figured, well, you know, the last one they had on the store. I don't know what it was. They take the plate. My wife says before they even take the plastic off the guys on the truck like, oh, and she's like, it's like wobbling already. Like, haven't even taken it out of the plastic yet. It's wobbling already. And so she takes out, of course, it's damaged in like a million places. And so we call that, we call up rooms to go. And we're like, you know, nothing, nothing. My son's sleeping on a mattress on the floor. You guys told us one day, now we're going to go on another two weeks. You have to deliver another one. And I said, what the freak's going on here? Oh, we're sorry. I'm like, why would you put something? It's not even in a box. Can't someone in the warehouse take a look at the thing to see if it's damaged, especially it just set one already that was damaged. I don't know. No one knows. No one knows what the problem is. It's unbelievable how crap. If the bed's at wobbly, scrap, they start play at East Fidja. Whatever trouble you need to sacrifice for a lawsuit at them sleep on the bottom. That was an uncracking day. That was an uncracking day. You know, thinking of my meat, you can own rooms to go whatever it is. You know what the problem is? No one gives a crap anymore about anything. Yeah, they don't. It's like the, you know, this is what people ask me, date, how can you not have a warehouse for your species, nutritious products? I said, you know why I don't want to deal with dumb people who have to work in the warehouse. And now I'm not saying all people work in the warehouse. It's a dumb. There's plenty of very smart people in this very adept. I don't want to deal with these people because it would drive me crazy if someone's sending out damage product to other people or they're not inspecting things. Because no one cares about the job. They just kind of throw it in the truck. And that's it. And so that's why I have a fulfillment warehouse. This way they send out something that's damaged. What did they do a lot? I can scream at them because it's not my responsibility. You know, I can simply talk to you. No one, you know. And they have to pay for it. Anyway, that's so I feel bad for my son, you know. Well, nobody, but it's true. Nobody does what I work anymore. I went down to get my code that shot and Sidney. He had a job right at busy street in Sidney. And you know, the traffic control is at the have. I see it on the top of you to go into the department store or just normal stores. The man in a young kids working, you don't want to work. They're on their bloody cell phones and shit. This woman's controlling traffic on the main business street. As I walk past that, as she's got the sign control. She's like, okay, yeah, then I'll meet you at the bar about eight o'clock. And then they get the girls together. She's ever in a private conversation. Why she's controlling traffic on the busier streets and Sidney? I think it was you. Where's your focus at? Am I just like the car dashed? She's like those girls all done up? I'm just like this and they're like, I'm actually like the hair on the gun. It looks like she's ready to go straight from work that a bloody bar. But I think you're never going to have to have private conversations in more cows and shit like that. You see it all the time. You walk into a store. I've seen the kids on their phone. You walk into this, look up in your. It's just like, may I help you or come and give you service? They just like, okay, thanks. But I've yet to want to where you actually have been. Even at the gym once. I'm waiting for a priority that we get a priority in drink. And the girl on the camera is talking about something she can do on the weekend. So I can hear it's a private phone call she has to go. I've always been a minute. Okay, yeah. Well, how do we go here? Yeah, there will meet there too, on the gun. You're fucking work. I ain't got to throw the phone call and come and fucking serve me. So fucking rude. Yeah, no, it's terrible. But yeah, if you say anything, you want to fucking ruin the day. Right, right. I had to build a nut Tyler. So I'm leaving out of this guy. I've had employees who used to watch porn, you know, in between doing TV shows. I had to be like, I just get this. Why we made it. Any TV? Who we edit the TV show, please. He's turning the porn off, you know. I don't know what you're looking at toilet, but I could hear you breathing. It. Tyler only has Tyler brings his new puppy into work. Which, who's very, who's very well behaved. They're much okay. Bring stuff puppy and okay, that's what you want to call. Listen to. All right, dude, what I really want to talk about today, the thing I really want to rant about, not about the broken bunk beds or anything like that, I want to go crazy a little bit about this whole Olympic situation. And I don't know if anyone's been following. So I'm going to kind of present the case as if no one knows. But there's a sprinter. She's an 800 meter runner that's two times around the track. It's a half mile called her name is Caster Semagna. She's from South Africa. And she's the Olympic champion at the 800 meters. And she has an interesting, I guess you could say, a genetic disorder. She's an biological female. So she has an XX chromosome, but she produces high levels of testosterone. It's called hyperangeneamier, something like that. And she just happens to produce higher levels of testosterone in her body. But she is, you know, female in every way. Now, she looks a little masculine, okay. And so I think a lot of people, that's why they got suspicious of her. Hey, she's winning all these races. She looks like a guy. I think most female athletes, they talk female athletes. They most sports, they prefer to be even fighting. And then if you look at them, a lot of them, even like weightlifting, the ones that are female, doing a lot of masculinity. Because the hormones are probably higher. Right. And that goes, you know, sports, even some of the top Olympic runners, like you said, but even some of the pole volatars and shit like that, they have a lot of masculine type features in them. If you say to hit that, they can almost look like a... And Lee, that's why a lot of these athletes are better than everyone else because their bodies genetically are better. They're just like a bodybuilding. Is it unfair that, you know, that Jay Kotlin had shoulders out here or that Ronnie Coleman had, you know, arms, you 20 and charms before he even started training? No, I mean, that's just genetics. That's, that's why some athletes are better than others. It's not a, it's not a level play. Well, in bodybuilding, they should have done their tests because I have naturally high test shots, right? So if you get me or you have Ronnie, they say, your test is too high, okay. So in the off season, your only allowed to take 200 milligrams to see. Right, well, let's say, let's say, drug testing in bodybuilding. And would it be unfair for someone like you or Ronnie who has high test shots thrown to compete? No, I mean, that's, you're not. You know, well, when I did, when I was younger, I had to do the world championships because it's drug testing. I actually had a letter from my doctor saying my testosterone was higher. And that's why my mother, when she started training, her testosterone was higher. She had to take estrogen to keep it in my whole level down. Wow. When she started training with whites, she stopped the estrogen and we've eight months. She wanted her shirt and she wanted the cup of sweat. She needs her. So funny. Please, a liar. He's just juicing. He's trying to make up excuses. Why, you know, and then I got my mom on the juice. Yeah, I mean, we should do it in 13, you know, a family that juices to give her stays together. So anyway, think of the kind of exchange. Maybe it was with your mom. That's right. That's right. That's right. To get back to the story. So what they rule that if she wants to compete in the Olympics again as a woman, she has to take angstrom blockers to lower her levels of testosterone. Which is to me ludicrous because that's her genetics. But, and then here's the rub. She can compete, they said, at distance races. Why they felt that the high testosterone is more of an advantage in the sprint races. But not in the distance races. I have no idea. The reason they said that was because obviously she's a sprinter. And I know she's tried to actually qualify for the Olympics at the 5,000 meters, which is 3.1 miles on the track. And I'll tell you something. She's a sprinter. Her time, her best time, which was 15 minutes and 32 seconds, is pretty much my best time. When I was a runner in college, that's pretty impressive that she's still that good. And I, you know, most men are much better than women. So she's still good, but she's not good enough to be an Olympic champion. Obviously it's 5,000 meters. So the question is why would they make heart take angstrom blockers? But yet they have this Olympic lifter, Laurel Hubbard from New Zealand, who was a man up until a company strategy. And now at 43 years old, this male power or Olympic lifter is now a woman, Olympic lifter, and it's going to be able to enter her first Olympics. And obviously probably when because she's beaten really much everyone else. I mean, because let's face it. We have a lot of people out because we get done in the New Zealand's close to us. We get done in the New Zealand. A lot of people are actually talking about boycotting somebody. Other women wait lists of talk about boycotting it because now she's coming. Well, he who's now a sheet coming has broken all these records that have been set by women for years. This man now comes in, says he's a woman, and he's plastered all these records. And now he's actually, I think, going to the Olympics, but yet he stopped an actual female from taking that spot and going to the Olympics. So there's an actual female, so it's ridiculous. And, you know, he can take estrogen blockers, whatever. But it's still like, he takes estrogen. He's still been locked 40 odd years of man, so he's got the muscle days, he's got the ball and the density is totally different. It's tendons. It's the male, the male make up, it's different. So in the matter of what he takes, he's still going to be stronger, sadly than the actual female. I can't help people. That can take out. When bodybuilders, you know, when you go off a cycle after a showly, and you know, sometimes you go for testing and you'll, your testosterone levels will be like, like, 10. There'll be like a woman's, right? Because your body crashed and it hasn't turned itself back on, sometimes it never does. And I don't see these guys. They're still lifting the same weight that you're maybe they're going to weight drop 10 pounds, right? Exactly. You might just cry a little more while you're lifting the weight, but, you know, he got emotional. But apart from the strength wise, it doesn't really go anyway. Oh, or do you have a little more daily reaching for something? I'm reaching for my pistol. No, the point is, no, for the cocky. The point is that how they could feel that this is ach. In other words, they think because the levels of testosterone in their body at that moment when they're going to be tested are below a certain amount. That that makes the two of these athletes equal. And you and I know that that is so ludicrous. It's such an arbitrary way to decide who competes with a woman who competes with a man. It's almost like it's insulting to the intelligence of the athletes and to the fans, I think. I won't get to you, she's got a good court case because a lot of the testing is raining. So let's just say there's 20 people who are in her running divisions. Well, let's say it is like more in the 100 meters 200 or once she can't do. She says she wanted to do 100 and the 200 and the 400 or 300. But she can't do it because they say a hormones are so high. They haven't tested every other woman in those divisions. They know some of them women don't have higher hormones as well. It's like if you're going to be a legal hurry, you should test everybody. That's the point that you can do it. Because they don't test what they do is they test for synthetic steroids, which they look from a tabloid to the urine. And then they don't do blood testing and then they test for the ratio. So in other words, if you took a shot of testosterone exoginously, your epit testosterone and testosterone ratio would be off. That was the only thing that they'd be able to tell. So they could tell someone was taking his eye on his testosterone. But if there's another woman like her who produces excess testosterone, maybe just not as good as her and she's coming in second and third place, she's still fine. Because they're not, if you're going to tell her that she's got to go for testing, just because she looks a little masculine and people question whether she was a woman or not. We know she is a biological woman by the way. You've got to test everyone. Otherwise it's not fair. Because they could be other women like her with hyper-engineeringemia. But that we just don't know because they're not as good and athlete as she is. Exactly. So that's like it's stopping someone. They're like, naturalized in a village. Like look at, I'd be just looking at the makeup because they're strong in their quick. Look at the serenas, this is the me. They're hormones are probably, when you look at the question they're looking at. So what's the tennis plays, they say well excuse me, you can't play tennis because your hormone level is a naturally high degree. I mean the other girls playing. Exactly. We've got to take your titles back and stuff like that. That's ridiculous. It's like what you can't put a damn for having the natural ability. Look, you know and I know and let's call it like it is, Ely. If this woman, okay, had glamped herself up with hair extensions and makeup before they were no one would have seen, people would have thought, oh she's beautiful. She's got nice feet and she just doesn't, you know, she doesn't really do much with herself. And she looks a little masculine because she doesn't have long hair and she doesn't put a lot of makeup on her face. But if she did all that glam, no one would question it whatsoever. You know that. I was like, what's the name too? I'm sure, hopefully, there are a whole bunch of higher. When you used to watch from Ronda Razzy fight, she was very manny, she's in the face and stuff. But then when you see around the event when she's glant, luckily she's actually a very attractive girl. But when she had fight and hair was just put on her face, she looked like a very... Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, she had very manly features. You know, to stop a natural woman from competing like that, she'd have to have some sort of lawsuit against them. Because that's just ridiculous. Like, or you're almost too good because of your genetic ability, we have to, you can't do this. But yet, this guy that used to be a guy who's now a female, you can go compete with the women. Like, how stupid is the world becoming? I would like to put it out there because I don't have time to do this. But I want to tell big ladies, people out there, you guys are watching. Get landing and put away the women. And I want you to... They can look like that Laurel Hubbard girl and have them do it like a parallel thing thing and say that I'm entering the Olympics as a woman. I decided I'd be coming a woman now. I can't win the Olympia as a man. I'm going to compete as a woman, parallel if they're... If you put a wig on a lady, I guarantee it he'd be more attractive than that Laurel Hubbard from New Zealand. I'm sorry. I'm so pretty. I saw a pig. Like, something about power with this anyway, look pretty. We remember when Ben Francis back in the day when she was a pal, if the show was like, massive. That's like, you know, I remember, was out of the show once and someone told me to story where someone was behind her. Someone actually thought it wasn't God. It said, excuse me, sir. And she turned their end. That was beef because back in her day when she was pal, if they knew. How? If they knew it was so solid, like I mean, solid. She really, you know, she didn't like that. She didn't glam herself up like she did when she started entering the Olympics. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's like pal. It's like if it's shit about my stuff and shit, you just go on the lift of weights and stuff like that. So I thought like girls that go to the gym these days where how's it the gym the other day? I swear they must spend like two hours prepping for the gym. And 20 minutes into gym. I mean, the hair extensions are done. They got the latest clothes on them. They got some paints, the big eyelashes, the lips and makeup are all done. And every set they walked in the mirror. I'm sorry. But even if I got that lucky about the Olympics too, it's like I always respect the female athletes. But when are your women going to stand up for yourselves? Look at beach volleyball. Guys wear shorts and a tank top. The women down beach volleyball. And you see what they wear. They wear the tiniest tines little paints that are up there. And when they go on to hit the board, the cameras are right behind them. These little tops. These little tops. Look at the pole-folders now. Men wear shorts and a tank top. Women now, they have every time you see pole-folding or any type of women's sports on there. It's always got to do with a sexual video because they got the tiniest shorts on the barman these little tops. And they're just suit them. And they're like, no one's watching for your sporting ability. Even though you're great, they're watching because they're like, you know, when the men have the shorts and tank tops on, okay, so we know the clothing, that restrictor ability. So why do these women get the inskemptious, skimpy clothing just to get people to watch? It's marketing, yes, they're marketing, that's why. But they want to do what they want to be recognised and known for our sporting achievements. But you're not, you're being noticed, be as snatch as you go and open a high jump. That's like, you know what I'm saying? You know, look at Jean-Marie Crock, you know, Matt Crock, who used to be Matt Crock. I mean, if she's a parallel, if they're, I mean, if she compete and she says she would never compete as a female because she doesn't think it's fair, which I completely, you know, back in her part, I think that's really cool for to say. But she's on Andrew Blockers, if she competed as a woman, she would break every parallel thing record, known to man. She would have all the records and she would win every means she did. But she knows that that's not cool. That's that it, that there's no achievement in that. And so I can, I really respect her for that. I mean, but there's, there's people at the elite that want to make money and want to be celebrities. I mean, what does it really take to go in the Andrew Dream Blockers for a year? Do you, how much you'll see you think it would take away from you? Let's say you're like a, a top tier male Olympic left there, maybe not at the, at the, at the top 10 edge. But close, you take Andrew Blockers for a year. You're going to be everyone in the record. There is, you know. I can, I can do anything. Let's look at, let's look at Bruce, Kaitlyn Jenin, now imagine when he won the gold. Right. Let's just cite a year or two after that 80 saw the be a woman then. He was on Andrew Blockers. He was on Andrew Blockers. He was taking estrogen for a while. And then he decided he, did you know that? I don't know if you knew that he was going to transition. But then he, he did want to embarrass his kids when they went to school. So he just, he put it off and he went off the estrogen block, estrogen and the end of your blockers. So imagine if he had a go on into the Olympic spectator, but a one is a woman, a good of one as a man easily. He would have won the hat. Tothalon, it would have been a breeze from, you know. But that whole thing about that woman, you sort of coming down on her just because of a natural ability. That can't be right. It's just like, what you penalize is bullshit. It's bullshit. It's bullshit. Let's call it. It's bullshit. You know what I'm saying there. This poor, you know, this, she should be able to defend her Olympic title. It's just absolute bullshit. And you know, like you said, these athletes, these women athletes have to say, you know what? We're not competing. But they won't, you know, why? Because they see it as an opportunity. Let all these other girls not compete. And we'll jump in there and take their place. It's a bunch of opportunities. People, that's why there's no organization. There's no unions. Because these people are too selfish to stick together. And the side thing is if she was American, you know, that you'd have lawyers like that. Probably cause she's from South Africa, Africa. They don't have that exposure. But if that was in America, that would be on the news saying you'd be in being from this being. Yeah. This is what I want most American runners to go to Africa and that in South Africa and train because I've seen the people in America train. They run around the track. They got camera crews taking things that are going to get a Nike contract. They don't have their hard in a day. It's not even. You go to Africa to train where these great runners come from. Sprinters long distance runners. You go to Africa and if you get a fucking line behind the night, it's the best training. It's the best training you can fucking get. Fight or fly. You got a fucking run and run and run and run and run and run and you got to out through these fucking lines. Yeah. I don't know if you remember. Back in the late 80s, mid to late 80s. I was really into distance running at the time. And all of a sudden this country that no one had heard of, it was called Dizhibudi. I don't know if it still called that. It was an African name. Buoyage. Dizhibudi. Jibudi, all these African runners were coming out of there and they were winning all the marathon and everything like that. And people like, where did these guys come from? They weren't even runners. Lee, they used to run 20 miles back and forth to work every day. Because they had no cars or no transportation these guys. And they said, you know what? Let's put a fucking jersey on these guys and see what they could do in the marathon. They put a minute in the winning marathon these guys. They weren't even in through training. They wanted to get to work in the morning. you know. Exactly. So there's the difference in motivation. As I said, Africa, you got a lion tracing. Yeah. America, you got the police car chasing. And they were running down foot. We didn't even have shoes on. They put these guys in 90 shoes. They improved their time like, you know, by like, two minutes. Could you imagine putting a Nike Perry shoes on? Like that. Oh, what's some of those documentaries? You see some of those families walking 10 miles just to get water. Absolutely. And if you got to get the work done time, you wake up late. You got to run, right? You don't, you can't walk the work. And people do forget those. Some of those tribes that live out there in Africa and different places. Like I said, that 10 mile trip. You still do have wild animals on the way to the dam. Right. They got a deep sight. They got to run. Yeah. Exactly. So you might have to walk a bit. And there's a cheater. I got to do a little bit of a sprint. That's called interval training Lee. We call that interval running here because we don't know how to. We have to like actually train people there. That's that's how it worked. That's actually they put it long distance and sprinting due to the dangers. And they're against a good at sprinting and like sort of high. We've been to McDonald's drive through. That's what we sprint through. Yeah. No. You got to sprint from block to block when the cops are chasing the occasion. You got to go over the old fence. The backyard fences. That's what the hurdle. That's how you train the hurdles. So you see the difference. What the training is. If you're if it's a big fence, you might have to use a stick and then that's the pole ball. Right. Exactly. Or just high jump. You can only have the backwards. And then when you're laying in that yard, you got the dogs. Did you know who invented the the backward high jump? Because you know, these to jump forward over time. Who was the guy who claimed? You know who was the first. Frisbee. Was it free? It was called the falseberry flop. It was that was the guy's name. Fallsberry was his last name. Where did Frisbee drop come from? I don't know. I always heard of the Frisbee flop, but maybe I'm making that up. A falseberry flop. He jumped over backwards. And he found you can go, you can go higher that way. They all thought he was going to get to you first. You know, as funny, because when I clicked on YouTube this morning, speaking to high jump, the first thing that came up in order things was just to get he sane. Same about Wednesday, the right time doing he eats. Haven't heard that shit yet for two tears. Some day Palamba guy, the right time to go and eat. Seven, missing for that shit yet. Yeah, but it was a picture of a girl standing in little shorts. It had a name there, something quite juggle. Brakes high jump record. But what it showed up, it just showed from a knees up, or bumped into the middle of a back. It just showed her bum in these little tight shorts. You don't even get to see a face. I'm like, well. And they put the, I just think they had the pole folding on the other day. And same thing, the cameras are just zooming in on the, you are right, the pole folding out. It's those women are wearing her outrageous nowadays. You know, they're pretty crazy. And you're going to see when those poles step sometimes. You're the occasion they snap and they just, I'll tell you something. I pulled off it a little bit in high school. And this with the poles that don't bend, I didn't go that high. So I never got to the bendable poles. It's very scary. It's, I'm afraid of heights. So it was not, it was not a good thing. You're pretty freaking high. And you know what, if you missed that map, you're going to, you're going to seriously hurt yourself and break your arm or something like that. You know, fall on the ground. I always think it too. How many people have done it during training and actually missed that. Because you got to get it right in that spot too, that whole. Yeah, it's a mental ramp. It's, as long as you hit the, it hit the thing, it goes in there. But the problem is that if you don't get up enough speed, you could fall backwards onto the, onto the ground, you know. I don't have to put air around it. So I got lead. It's the sucker gal over. Do you know that when, when I was running track, they said that no one would ever break 20 feet in the high jump. And then, sir, sir, yeah, a buck, buck, I think it was from Russia, broke the 20 foot. And they said they thought that was a miracle. I, this guy is like in high school now who are doing almost 20 feet. It's incredible how once a person breaks a barrier that all of a sudden, all these people can do it again, you know. It's, it's a miracle. And it just goes to show you that a lot of things that can't be done right now is because there's a mental, this is laughing against crow now. Yes. Oh, there you go. Your frozen the whole time. Oh, here we go. What's your, what's your, what's your, it doesn't matter. You're back, you're back. My point is that, the money sometimes inhibits our bodies from doing what we, we can really do. And I think that sometimes it people think they can't do it. They can't do it. That kind of thing. Again, here's from Russia. It jumped 20 feet pole voting. The Berlin war was night's pain feet. So we had that try. Yeah, that's it. That's it. Just just look where people come from and how they try. It's like it's just it equates the that sort of stuff. Yeah, I think of all factual. Can you ask your fans to make you one of these? I have one of these. These, uh, good. Good to, uh, strict vitamins. The cold. I think you should make it. Get to Lee priest. And you just stretch him. He's stretcher. They're cool. Can you put, can you put, Sunny? You can be pulling. You know, they won't, you know. I can put me between my legs and put it. There you go. You could tie it. You can tie it. I got a chance with it with the piece of. It's cool. It's cool. It's a whole lot of shirts too. I see. I almost wore that shirt. I'm glad I did. We would look like, you know, gay guys. I'm gay pride there. Well, let's watch. What's wrong with gay pride there? It would be nice. I think I'm sure. I'm not fucking real man. I'm a yaki today. I'm a yaki. Tile is probably wearing his rainbow bright t-shirt. I'm not sure. My dog is. Oh, I'll read your show. Do I got the Tile? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's my favorite old school shirt. Actually, I like the Coca-Cola. I might wear it on Adam Corolla later on. That's in. I'll try you doing that today. It's afternoon, right? That's my suit, Chiver. Not. Now I'm doing it at 6.42 a.m. now I'm doing it at 8.15 a.m. So not that long away. So yes. Right. No, you. I want to be. I want to be. I don't know this study on me to look out for what I do when she He's probably going on the YouTube. Oh, holy shit. I got a loose camera. Yeah. He's like, Oh, no, he's like, oh, shit. I'm going to get the monetized. Oh, man. Look. If I can find my be from him. Yeah. As soon as I put the word Lee priest in and I hit said, YouTube automatically. I have to hit review. They have to, I have to send it to review. They automatically say it's not suitable. You can appeal this. But, and well, I'm completely the same. But I put my name on. Let's go by John Smith from there. I showed him how his John Smith. We've got my leave in the kitchen from now on. You're a real name. Yeah, I'm a kitchen. Yeah, but the sweet. The monetized straightaway. Just going to think. Yeah. I think sending a review. Why was this the monetized? Even shows I didn't swear on. There's like Trump and then leave priest. Yeah. That's incredible. Yeah. I'm believe it. I saw people like the Gandhi show in a poor guy. It guy's been sending me to farm to sell. So I went in and out. Guy still with us. Oh, he's still on. That's good. I saw that you're going to be on his grundy. What's it called? Maverick. Yeah, I'm doing it. I'm doing it. Can me. I'll be like he's the coitress talking to him. Given him positive motivation. Well, I wouldn't know when is that going to film? Soon, I think. Soon, he sort of give me a give me a rundown of sort of a script thing. But then, you know, maybe I hear him. Like this is the idea that you just go through. Oh, you're allowed to improvise in other words. That's good. Dave, look, maybe as a positive motivator. Like comes natural. I'm sick. You're like, sir, Lawrence, you're like sir Lawrence Olivier. You have to be able to, you know, just express yourself. Yeah. Exactly. I think you're like the lines. If you're in the lines, I'll look at the lines again. I got it. And then I start with what they said. The first word. Paid. And then the rest is. Yeah. You're like William Shakespeare. Just flows out of you. I guess. All right. I'm like, well, I'm like William Chapman. There you go. Now, you'll let us know how Adam Corolla goes. And maybe you can ask Adam if you can get a little clip of the show. So we can kind of put it up as a teaser to get people to go watch the show over there. Maybe he'll do that. I think it's a show. It's had like, oh, they gave me a list of what a people have been on there. I mean, like, very high up people in sporting and movies. Yeah. And why they got me on, I don't know, because I don't think that his categories are so that he's not that scientists. But hey, what? Maybe they're going to high end of the so long. They've had a lot of these smart brilliant people. Yeah. Let's get on a dickhead. And they said, well, we're going to be doing this setting you up for like a to be like the foreguer for some weird debate to having something like that, you know. Oh, it's a double wish. I never did that. They were like, we saw that video. We did with the black mask. Let's get him on. You know. Do you have that he's a short ready. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I'll be somewhere. And all right. I got it. I got a rash. She knows. I told me six in the morning. But it's we're coming to close time here at my shop. So, Lee. I got like a total of 10. I got a total of 10. I got a total of 10. Yeah. Yeah. What's your dog's name? I've been in the big game. His name is Dog's name is Baxter. Baxter. What's on the dog is it? A little bit. A little bit. A little bit. A little bit. What does dog's that looks like it's 100 years old. I'm going to go. Oh, yeah. You got it. It's shaped. So it's like got the squares. So the beat. Yeah. He's a kid. He's a great great. How a great. Yeah. It looks great. But it's like a bullish call. Yeah. Back stuff. He's named that. He's named it the Tyler's grandfather. His son and Brett Baxter put a He's a grandfather. He was a writer and he had a like a pen name that he would write under. That was his name. There's it. Biggest. Biggest. Biggest. Biggest. He's finding it funny when I'm making my friend. No biggest. He's trying to. We got a friend. We got a friend. We got a friend. We got a friend. We got a friend. We got a friend. We got a friend. We got a friend. We got a friend. We got a picture behind us. So you sent us a friend picture. You got one. You want it like this. I'll leave it up to you. Whichever picture you want. You don't leave it up to me. I'll send you on. We'd like a little leaf like Adam from that. I'll send you on like leaning over the bed. Yeah. I maybe one of the David Paul pictures. That would be a good picture. Probably. I bet a naked one of me naked just holding my cat in front of me. Whatever you want it there will put up. Long time ago. No, you won't. No, you won't. Because I mean, it's doing walking. That's true. Yeah. Yeah, that's the past of man is a. Yeah. It's a. We have children. That's right. Yeah. I don't know. I don't want to see your your phalanx symbol anywhere in the. Okay. Because you got kids. I'll stay naked holding the legs. Yeah. All right. He's a friendly. If you guys agree with what we said or you guys haven't opinion on the Olympic situation with the women and the transgender and all that stuff. I'd like to hear it in the comments below. Please let us know. And if you have any ideas for future shows on this, I'd like that as well. For now, we're wrapping things up on day below with Lee Priest for another installment of Iron Rage. Iron Rage. I tell you, I'm going to compete in the women's body building. Figure. I can't wait. The way it's going.