Oh, you're fine. Ah, you're fine. So like I said, like I said, like I said, do you like my title? Or for a shoe? Welcome back to a special edition of Iron Rage. I'm joined by Lee Priest as always, and we're going to have a special guest in the studio today. And yes. Yes. Before we get going, too, this is Seedys here. The real lead priest. Did you get suspended from Instagram again? Yes, 30 days, I'm under review because some guy was abused. I said go cliff dive over the rocks. So I guess that's like situating suicide or something. I got a new business suspended by Instagram and Facebook more times than you were by the AFB. So this is, I just started this page for the moment. So if you want to follow me, that's where you're following me until I get suspended again. For how bad this is, how bad it is. Someone on there goes, oh, you've probably got suspended cause you're an asshole. And I wrote back, well, if everyone that's an asshole got suspended, there'd be no one on here. And because I said, and because I said, our cell, we've been 30 seconds. This boy, it late, our second, such and they took my post there. But the guy who wrote our cell, he's post is up. But my post got taken down. You're definitely on a watch list. There's no doubt in my mind that you're on a watch list. Dave, I saw you before we, excuse me, I saw you with Jimmy on the other day. Yeah, I got this, I got this, you got a piece of paper. They're going to be the paper. Yeah, get a bit of paper. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Right this down, right this down. I got a pen to I'll do it with you. Right down 300. Yeah. Plus 200. Right. Plus 60. Mm-hmm. Now, now add six. Plus six. What do you get? What do you get? 666. Unbelievable. Now, now, there's 666 in Congress. Now, let's just say, four more people, four more people came to Congress. What do you got? 670. And let's just say those four people now go out for lunch. What happens Dave? What do you, what do you get? 666. Oh my gosh. Oh, shit. Ah. As incredible isn't it? Ah. Now, let's just say six at those people go for lunch and you back to 660. And then 10 more come in, and we back to 670. And then four people go to the toilet. What do you get? 666. Oh my god. Jesus. It's the same in the face. Ah. Ah. Ah. It's the same in the face. Ah. Ah. Ah. It's the same in the face. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Oh one. I want to be just turned. What do you just turn one of them upside down? This is 69, are wevan extra? Ah! Ah, ah! Ah, ah! Ah! Ah, ah. Ah. Ah. Let me ask you this question. In regards to the suspension of an Instagram, yes? I mean, it almost seems like we don't have freedom of speech anymore. I mean, I don't understand what's with it. What's I don't understand why you can't call someone an asshole. I mean, is that bullying? Is that why they've didn't? I can't even, well, I was even on Nick the polo's finger and he had that, um, what's the name on the comedian that held up the Trump's head? I think I did name it was a what's a name the redhead of the girl Kathy Griffin. Yeah, yeah, female version of character, the character of top six here. It's like when I see her, I just wrote down, oh, God, she looks like a pig. As soon as I put that in, this cannot be posted, even the word pig, you can't say. But who's checking all your posts? I mean, how many employees can they possibly have? How many billions of people on Instagram? It must be set now like algorithms where certain words with me because like I said, that guy said to me in the comments, probably because you're an asshole, you got, you got kicked off. So I wrote, well, that's the case, everyone's an asshole and because I said to her, that's all right. As soon as I hit San 30 seconds, this violates our such and such and this sort of thing, you know, it's, it's very, it's very, you know, that they're monitoring every word that you're writing. It's, it's pretty weird. It's like, if you don't, if you don't, don't follow me. And I want to come up on your thing, you had to save there on the other show, the other day. You got to text me early, Dave, before I, I know, you know, I remember the last of minute, I can't remember anything. And it's true. If you don't hear, we live in democracy, but you don't have to vote, but if you don't vote, you get fined and then it's ex-ADI, it's said, they suspend your license. But now we've got this thing in the mail. See, it's called a census. You got to fill this out next Tuesday and you got to fill out every person in your house, how many people are in the house. It's not to help with healthcare. And what it sort of should, but the thing is to see census data is informed the nation's decisions on local services, funding, healthcare, infrastructure, aged care, blah, blah, blah. So you got to fill it, he's out. And if you don't fill it out, because you're living in a democracy, you get fined $220 a day for not filling it out. And then you don't pay to find, if you have a business, and here we have an AB in, that's like a tax fall, and then you see a business, they'll cancel that, so you can't vote. Oh man. Now, what if you don't get the mail, what if you don't get the mail? You know, what if you don't, like literally you don't get the letter, like you move, then you didn't do a change of address or something like that. I don't know. Well, a lot of people are complaining now, because this is like now you just go online and do a lot of old people don't study old people, if they don't know about how they got to find out, I guess, is what's the news. You got to contact them and now send you out the papers, the fill out the papers, and mail the papers back. But then again, like you said, if you don't do whatever, then you're screwed. And here, this is how badly, this is today, they've been breaking news here. Signes in lockdown, we're in lockdown at the end of August, but where I live, we're not in complete lockdown until now, because they're trying to get everyone to get the vaccine. Last night on the news, breaking news, I live in the Hano Valley, COVID has been detected in the Hano Valley. They're checking the wastewater works, and we have discovered COVID in the feces. So now we need people to go out and get tested because people, people are proofing out, COVID is going to be on the London-awaited water works, we're all the series goes, and they're protected, COVID is the series. So now everyone's got to go get tested. You know what happens when people get tested, more cases come out because more people are getting tested. Guess what? We've got to attack the satellite to me, but not so what's going on here? It's the six, six, six, six, and the three days. Guess what? When you have COVID and you poop, the COVID goes into your feces. You flush it down the toilet, it goes through the waste management plan. Of course, this can cover it in the feces. What are they thinking over there? That's what they're doing there, they're testing it to see what areas come from. They're cause the surge plane, that's where all the surge from my area comes from. They're saying, because we're about to COVID in the food now, people in Newcastle have COVID, see if they can get tested. Lee, I just realized with the worst possible job you could probably get is the guy who has to go into that sewage waste and actually test the fucking stuff. A shoddy, a shoddy monkey, the last time dipping the bottle bottle into the water. Oh, you can't wash your hands. I don't care if you wear 25 pads and gloves. You couldn't wash your hands enough to get that stuff. He got the bottle of water anyway. Oh, come on. COVID. Oh, no, it's T-D from 47. Hancock Street. Someone, someone flushed on condoms. Let's, let's, I want to talk about something that's going to bring more joy to our face than COVID and poops and getting fine for nothing. I got our friend. He's been on the show before Felix Gare, all the way from Mexico. And I understand they want to, they want to start a new steroid line of, of Lee pre steroids over there in Mexico. What's up Felix? Hey, Teddy, how is going? Anyway, I'm still alive, bro. You are. Have you had news in the comments from the last video everyone was like, that man's going to get killed. He must have, he's going to be dead. But Carter, take you out, huh? They did not do up. Yeah, yeah, yeah, thank you for 44 having me here, buddy. Oh, and before everything, to all those mother-and-fuckers that say that my English subs, I dare you, mother-and-fuckers, to do an interviewing Spanish. You actually said, I think you're better English than Lee does, actually. You speak much, much more proper than Lee pre-stas. You don't get banned from Instagram, too. Pull-fuckle? All right, give us, I wanted to get you on it because you, you had an update. We both forgot about your interview. So I got you on here with Lee and I, what's the update on the, on the ground steroid scene over there in Mexico now? You always give us kind of like, what the latest and greatest is, what's going on over there is the stuff better now, or worse since COVID, is it harder to get stuff easier? What's going on? Well, it actually, you will be surprised. I don't know what happened, actually, but in the COVID, many people start buying a lot of stuff, many new labs, good things and bad things happening. The thing is that the Ross were much harder to come as you can. There were coming, they were coming from China, obviously, yeah. So it was harder and harder, but right now, I think it's much better. You got more quality brands. Right. Roy tests have been a big, big, big, useful key down here to test things. I'm glad everyone's used. Yeah, we saw a lot of things. Let me ask you this question, why doesn't Mexico, since everything's pretty much legal there, why don't they just make the Ross and Mexico? I don't know. There was a guy that actually was, has those intentions to start to doing them, but it was just talk. I mean, I don't know. I think the pharmaceuticals, it's a big mafia, I think, like government, saying that as US, you know, it will be, it won't be a good, I don't know, good market, I guess. You know, Lee, they talk about the cartel in Mexico, but really the American cartel, which is the people that support all the drug companies here are probably way worse. Don't you think? Yeah, yeah. Are they relying on you? Can we lose Lee? Now, here, yeah, I do. Of course, the American governments were sent any cartel. They did a big as criminals. They'd get me signed on the government and the criminals stayed. They'd get me, because you know why? If you get 60 fucking people in government and then you get another 600 of them find the drugs and then six people come in and die. That's 6, 6, 6, and then you're 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, and that, and those drawings on your fingers, I think I do. It's the market. You see Lucifer Tated here. Yeah. On a, on a going riddle, Steve, I just write my father's name on my dad. What? Now, but that is the government big farmer is the biggest criminals out of everyone. And the reason they get upset is when other people do it, because they're like taking business away from them. We kind of have people making money that we can't screw out. It's just like anything that's like as soon as you start making money from something, they've got to come and get their cart as ridiculous as that. I think, and back to Mexico, yes, we need the beef brand of steroids which may on the bottle a little pose like that. I think they should have a wee priest brand that. I think that would be very good. I agree. I agree. Just like Romano, I mean, Bionics was a fucking hit for like, when I tried his line, I think he doesn't do it anymore down here. But when it was, it was fire like, yeah, yeah, I mean, for real, I, I blood tested and I was surprised. Yeah, he was making, he was making it himself. That's why it was probably the best. Well, let me ask you this question, what, what is the brand that you should look out for? If you're in Mexico and, you know, you're looking for stuff and what, what are some good brands that are testing out well? I'm, look, there are like, I'm not joking. Like 80, last night I count 80 brands. So much shit in here. There's so much shit still. But I can vouch, like me, I know I'm not muscular and you said, but I've test with my friends and some people that I know that they're buying real Ross, three brands, box elaps, which is, which is, I have a couple of shit here. Oh, we have a lot of money. Yeah, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, hold that up again. I, I like the silver writing on that Lee. Yeah. Very nice. Very nice. Oh, I have a cheater. Oh, they don't know. That's a talk that I want to talk in in, in, in a moment. And make us, that's lead. Now in Mexico, yeah, what they do is, you know, like when in, in, in Australia, the US, if you want to get a sponsorship from like a, a, a, a nutrition company, you get free protein, you get a sponsorship that in Mexico, you get a gear sent to you, too, because the companies that sell the supplements also sell the gear down there. I want, I want, I want a sponsorship from a gear manufacturer. Because people look, they know I'm everything. Like, always tell the truth. So if I say this brand is steroid works, there's 80 of them, whatever, put my name to people are going to buy. We can be the King teams of Mexico. Me, are you going to move to Mexico? Get get out of Australia if he let you out and they are. I can, I can, I can, I can, I can, I can, Mexico Mexico Mexico Mexico Mexico Mexico Mexico, Mexico, Mexico is on a green zone, so I can fly to Mexico and they problem. So, so I'm, I want to contract with a supplement company steroid company in Mexico. I got to put you up in this one, like a castle with a big freaking wall around it, you know, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'm not into that fancy. She just get me in the Donald's in a game and it, you know, they're all you take to, and just, just a couple of thousand every month and a couple of bottles of gear and I'll be happy. There you go. Yeah. All right. Come back. That, that's a, a really new modality. So that the three brands are box elapsed, farm a com and XT laps, but you have to find the real XT laps. He has like 13 years. They are even on the, on a ballics book. So they're, they're the biggest ones. I actually, I'm going to send you some exclusive footage to you. I actually send you to your Skype, but I guess you can, you can put up your Facebook because I can have Tyler put it up for that. Yeah. And, but yeah, surprisingly, the new methods of selling in here is like that, sponsoring like, if you wear a supplement company. So it's, it's very, it's very, I don't know, weird. Maybe because I don't know if in other parts of the world they are making this and, and they actually give your cycle. They give you sometimes if you compete in another country, they pay your flights, they pay absolutely like a supplement company, but they give you steroids. So it's, it's weird. But I, I don't know if you're not speaking to about who do I speak to about these contracts. Yeah. And, and let me tell you, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, you're going to have like 20 people, 20 companies contact you after this show saying, will fly you in, will put you up, will give you a house, will do whatever, you just wear our shirt, you know, absolutely. I'm there, I'm there. All right. There are a few top Olympians that are sponsored by Mexican-Sary Labs. I don't know, it's many names, but you know, heck, heck, heck, they, heck, they have Olympians, but not have the most truthful person in body building. It doesn't talk shit. And I'm only five foot five. If anyone needs to grow four miles, they're like, that excites. Are there any, are there any, are there any, what are everyone? Felix, are there any compounds out there? Any, any drugs like that are kind of unique that we haven't seen in a while that are being produced legitimately by these Mexican labs, you know, like maybe like methange, or diproponate, or injectable, Diana Ball, stuff that like are like classics, you know, get to the Diana Ball. Oh, wow. Oh, I think I'm leaving my family and divorcing my family to come down there for that. Look at this stuff. What is it? 50, 50, M L's? Yeah, that's a kill. Does it cut? Can you get it in a bigger bottle? That's what it does. This is a 50, that was just 20 years later, the way you take drugs. It's like, it's like, you're just, how would you set much? You just put on the eye, they have an eye and just like, no, Valentina would use a bottle of that a day, the bleep. He's loaded on one. That's one. That's one. Yeah, that's one by seven each bottle. There's plenty of, I got this from a bed pharmacy, right? Or of, you're not going to believe it, like $50. Oh my god. How many, how many, is that 50, M L's? No, 100, M L's. 25 million grand for Jesus. Oh, that's perfect. I used to use 25 million every other day. That stuff is great. The cheapest, the cheapest I now here in Australia, like, if you just want to get like, sus 250, a 10-millimeter bottle of sus 250, the cheapest you'll get in Australia is like $120 a day. Wow. Wow. That's a lot. You can get in much, much cheaper here. But, um, you know what, you know, guys, what's happening here? Mexicans are now getting the new substances. I have a, I have a friend, who made DMP, like, but he, look, look what he did. He did DMP and he makes them 10 milligrams. So it's, it's like, safe zone. Yeah. But, I don't know. I mean, so, I remember that you said before, Dave, that the problem with DMP is that the, the safe dose is very close to the, for that fake to the little, right? I mean, right. You know what I mean? The, the, yeah, the promise, just when you're taking enough to get good results, you could actually take too much. It's like, GHB, you can kind of go over that line very easily. And I believe that in different people's bodies, they metabolize the DMP differently. So, you know, one guy could use it and it works perfectly. The next guy drops dead from the same dosage, you know. I've never, I've never done DMP. Once I heard about what it does, I think it's stay away from DMP. Yeah. I've done D.P. And don't really think D.P. He's very close to the other guy's penis on his, a bit of affection. But, that's a little bit more scary at the point of being people. You know, sometimes you're scotted to be cast. It's like, it's like a sword fight, the rabbit hole. It's a sword. Just saying, I know that sort of stuff goes on in Mexico too, because they go to the potty drugs down there as well. I'm going to Mexico. We should come and then, oh come. We have come to Mexico. Superdrol too, Dave. It has became so sorry, guys. I'm a little nervous. So I'm trying to don't worry about it. We're enjoying all your information. Don't worry about it. Keep it coming. They like, they like, they like, they let me pop some tennis. Oh, no, just kidding. I twice. But did they do I see a sick, I think? That's a small behind them. No, his beard. His beard is, it's shaped like a sick sleeve. See it? How do I go back to me? Or is that a sword? Or is that a sword that's a sword that's a sword that's a sword that's a D and P bottle. If you turn it upside down, the paint looks like a stick. If you get to end and you're up the other two, you'll be tough. And you draw a little bit on there and then the teeth. Take it away from the thing and connect it. Six, six, six, six. That was fun. I don't feel like sorry. There you say. Yeah, well, I put this thing like they are introducing into the market. These new compounds, which they are not new, but in the Mexican market, they are new, pre-multaps. Oh, really? Have you tested those pre-multaps? I do, but I don't have the fucking video. I was going to buy the right test and I was willing to do it right here. But it didn't come on time. That's one of my favorites pre-multaps. Yeah, it can't get, can you still get, can you still get, can you get, I'm not here in Australia. Can't get really pre-multaps. Yeah, well, I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. For a pharmacy, no, no. They are discontinued for too many years. Then we talk about feel like the fact that pre-multiple powder is really expensive. So, I'm surprised that they're making real pre-multacetate tabs because, yeah, you know, I would imagine, if I was a guessing man and someone told me they had pre-multaps, for me, I say they probably die on a mold. That's what I would say. That's the point about this sponsorship. It's growing. These guys are getting much more money. Yeah. On certain people, making much more marketing in social media. So, they have more money to invest. Right. And they actually are doing the things like right on this spot. And it's crazy. They are doing super-drilled too. But young guys are abusing it from like popping ten a day. Yeah, that's so much. That's very toxic, super-drilled too. But the pre-multacetate tabs. I'll tell you why I like them because women can use them because they only have like a four or five hour half life in the body. So, it's not like women were being exposed to the drug for the entire day where if you inject pre-mabong injectable, it stays in your system all the time. So, you're going to get a much greater exposure rate. The ass-tate tabs. And for men, if you take like a pill every four hours throughout the day, I always found that the last like six weeks or so, I've got really hard on those things. They really, really harden your physique up. So, it's a good drug if it's real. And, you know, I'm assuming that you, like I said, you verified it. And so, that, I mean, that's pretty amazing. What, how many pills are in a bottle? In this bottle, 50 pills. Yeah. I mean, not a hundred pills just fits. That's all right. That's how the old German ones came. The, the pre-multacetate tabs. Yeah. 25 milagrant. Cool. Yeah. Very good. And yeah, the market has been has been changing in good ways and bad ways, too. There are so many guys. These years, I got like 10 young boys with his cheeks infected with, you know, 30. I mean, and this one, and he just says, that's what happens when you get these guys, you know. All I heard was 10 young boys and they take it in their cheeks. Or, automatically, a boy fucking jade bite. Ah. You're like, too much. Yeah. Yeah. But, so you say there's a lot of dirty steroids out that the people get infections from. Absolutely. As far as they, I mean, they're good, very good stuff. Only those three grants. But the other 70, eight, something like that, they're completely bunk. Right. And I actually made a video in my channel, which is a, I mean, it's a very little channel in English too. I made a video. I thought I took a moon and I did go to each pharmacy. Yeah. And the point of the video was tips to avoid of getting scammed, you know. I'll give us some of those tips. Let me hear it. Well, first of all, if you, I mean, I don't want to advertise my channel. But if you see that video, I record a pharmacy and each, that's a fucking mafia girl. I mean, I don't care about seeing that. But those pharmacies, you gotta stay away from them because all they have is fake. Like the GHS, like the, uh, the, you're talking about the touristy ones in the tourist areas. Yeah. And border, yeah, tourist, everyone, every, every Mexico tourist zones, like beaches, um, in the border, in the border towns, like Chicoana, you know, they are all over Mexico. Like they have to actually avoid those, those pharmacies. They must go to let me tell you two good pharmacies. Pharmacias Benavides is, is not, is one legitimate. Yeah. And let me, let me write that down. How do you spell it? This time is, is it six? Six. Six. Six. Six. Six. Six. Six. Six. Six. Six. Six. Six. And, and the other one is pharmacias, Wada Lajada, just like the city. Oh, that's the one. That's the one. That's the one. That's the one. That's the one. That's the one. That's the one. That's the one. That's the one. That's the one. That's the one. That's the one. That's the one. Wada Lajada. Wada Lajada, you can get over there. Wada Lajada. Real or ready, Jack, sauce to know on the free, multi-stombe, but which is testament data. How much of the red Jack's going for nowadays in the pharmacy? There are a lot, right? Yeah, like $30 just once he sees. That's crazy. Well, who's going to pay for that? That's nuts. It would, that's shrink compared to Australia on the first. Yeah. Well, there's plenty of people that really don't trust on some brands and they mostly the new IPB pros from Mexico because I don't know, you have seen that we have much, I have you, pro. Oh, you got some great pros coming out of it, right? Yeah. So I think they are like the guys that are investing in in most arm, arm of products. But yeah, like the underground maps, those three that I told you are, you know, the best ones in the market right now. Well, you know, I appreciate you. Like informing us. I've never been to Mexico, so I'm willing to come and I'm willing, if you know people at these free, good companies, I'll take any sponsorship from you. I think when you decide to do your show, we figure out what you're going to do. We are at, I think you, you know, Randy goes to Dennis James has to make sure he doesn't cheat on his son. I'm going to go to Mexico. You've got a Mexico. Yeah, you're going to Mexico. 12 weeks. I do seminars. I can do seminars in Mexico. I can train people. I can get stem cell and get drag out and party and party and can't cune and do everything. Just don't get the infected cheeks while you're out of that's all. Dave, Dave, before we go to, I'm sure Felix might want to do these two. And you got a dollar bill. Have you got a dollar bill? I would not do it. No, no, no, get it, get it, get it. I'm getting my dollar bill out of your home on a second. And why are you always carrying a dollar for anyway? That's where I want to open. I'm an American. I got money. I carry cash though. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Now fold it in half. Yeah. Yeah. Now fold it in half this way. Yeah. Now fold it in half this way. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Now fold it in half again. Which way? That's right. Anyway, you decide. Yeah. Now fold it in half again. I can't. Now what do you get? What do you get? What do you get? Direct. So fucking fingers. So fingers. I think I got a 666. I mean, a hold on a second. Hold on. There's a 6x. The x in the game. The x in the game. And the c. There's a 6. And you got free dollar bills. And you do it three times. You'll get 666. Oh. And I just so happens. I have three dollar bills in my wallet. Only three. Is that a cool one? Oh my god. You're a part of the luminality. Uh oh. Now take the M in the c and the x in the one one. Minus x, add the d and then add the c and then add free go back to the M minus set by three and you get p and what do you get? C3, p o. Star Wars. It's fun. And the universe. C3, p o. All right. This is my room. I'm going to start. Lee priest, Kairin, moving to Mexico together. They're going to roommate together and Lee's going to help Kairin ready for the Olympia. And then Kairin will help Lee for his comeback to the Arnold class in March. That's going to be the he's going to help he's going to help me dance. And then I'm not sure. Because Phil, he put now to these pictures. I think there's a kind of this between Phil and Kai. Yeah. You see, he can drum up the most bullshit. That's right. He's going nowhere. I'm going to say this. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. All right. Phil, I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. You. I. You got to. You got. Yeah. Just me. Just me. I got us commitment on the air right here. Look at this. Look at this. Imagine that arm on a bottle. Yeah. Oh shit. Yeah. That. Oh yeah. Hellwork. That was ugly. Something in. And the good thing is in Mexico, too, there's a lot of short Mexicans like me. Yeah. It's Lee, the T-shirts is a trust your priest, you know, and then put the brand name right in the need that you know. And the T-shirt would be T-shirt would be black with just a little white. That's right. That should be the brand. That's what. That should be the logo. The bottles to look like a little priest. And that and that white bit on the color. I see an even just goes on the Catholic priest. All right. So. Just have a little. Jack can be the. That can be the. That can be the. Peel away. That can be the peel away. That's here. Open the bottle. You peel the little white thing. That might upset a lot of people because there is a lot of religion and Catholics in Mexico. So we don't want to upset some of our customers. Dave. That's right. That's right. That's right. I'm sure you feel it before we before we wrap this thing up. What give us a one more great bit of information that we might not know about the underground scene over there in Mexico. I've got to write it down. Well, you guys with those three brands that I've told you, you can you can get you know good qualities cheap prices. And I think XT lapses is actually sending to the US a lot. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They have a real facility. So that will be convenient for for the guys. I mean, I've been receiving gear. A lot of people sending me free stuff from the US to Mexico. Actually, right, to try it out. And man, uh, it's not that good. Like like the year from the US. It's not that good. That has, has mostly the American people said, you know, I have a lot of friends there. But I started using injectable superdrol and man, my fuck, I was I was so fucking, um, pumped it up like three, four months ago. And then I was at my mom's house. And I was sitting like this. And that the air conditioner was, you know, really swam here. So I started feeling through a very, very, very, very, very scared like like like, uh, so I, I noticed that I was starting fucking losing hair from that. I mean, I was scared of something. I don't know anyone would use some of the drugs that are really toxic. I mean, I know the superdrol probably injectable form is as in quite as as toxic it is as an oral form. But I, I wouldn't use see the reason why certain drugs were never made by these sub-former, statistical companies legitimately was because they were deemed too toxic. Yeah. So they didn't make them. And a draw was probably the most toxic drug they actually physically made and prescribed. Everything beyond that they said, you know what, this might be a little too dangerous. We're not going to make it. So of course they wouldn't grab all those drugs and they started making those and sell them. So if I'm advising people, I always tell people stay away from the really toxic drugs. There's so many good antibiotics out there that you can use that don't have that level of toxicity that there's no reason that you have to find the the one that is the most toxic and use it. That doesn't mean it's the best. It just means you can have the most side effects from it, you know. That's very good of big pharmacy in America to not put out any poison or toxic drugs to the American people. You know, not like I'll see cocktail coding or that's the thing. They're very, they're very worried about you know, I thought like they're going to sell your cigarettes or anything. That could cause cancer. I'm very happy that the farm of the studio got company in America. It really looks out for the Americans health. Go USA. What's T X T sponsors L T sounds good. Yeah. What's the what's the number one selling animal that would you say right now? So I agree. We're a laboratory. No, I'm saying like drug. Like what drug is the most probably purchased is it testosterone? No, no, I'll try and belong for a sure. No, people are mostly travel on. Why is that? Why is that? It's all a young kids, all the young kids are still on the right way. It's a grain or trend this trend that trend this trend that it's like I used trend probably three times and the very last time was with caffeine would have been around 2000 and not 2000 and four. Get rid for an eye me and I put it in my shoulders. One looser when you put it in. I thought you said because it's skin stuff it may be even if it's based in alcohol as soon as I pushed it my chest got I mean the quietest ever. I couldn't even cough it was that time. I'm going to have a heart attack. I'm going to end up on the bathroom floor and leave all in my arm. So I never used it since I thought I didn't get this whole fascination with trend and young kids. I thought I talked about trend this trend that I'm like my god. And everyone that uses a lot of trend when I look at their pictures on Instagram and Facebook. They look shit so I don't know why. They're doing their first cycle with trend. I know that who runs like once he's he a day and I know for fact he's using real trend and real dose. So I mean it's very it people are getting argued you know what there's another compound that are getting so popular which is worse. It's trend below mix. So it's I mean I think it's more toxic. I don't know if the parabolic which is supposedly in there it's real or not. I don't know but people are dumping that shit in five or five that you're in just you know I mean these few are in just and you're getting results but I don't know I mean they're getting acne they're getting all the side effects their peeing doesn't go up. They're getting acne they get acne they're losing their hair but they're not getting any muscle but okay what happened to the old sock was when I started I'd just be deca and then my next sock was deca and doyen about what happened to the good I told the guy I told the guy once he wanted to use trevon it's let me tell you something. I want to use 25 milligrams three times a week just experiment truck he's like I heard you got to use a hundred and five times a week I used 25 if you can handle 25 milligrams three times a week then you can you can raise the dose a little bit this guy was was was getting bar fights this it was he completely changes personality because it really raises your aggression level up tremendously it makes you agitated it definitely raises blood pressure you sweat all the time on it it does make your body look good if you train hard and you do all the other stuff right but you don't really need as much as people think and I think that's a mistake that people are making I love trends my favorite one of my favorite drugs but you don't really need to use as much as you think 50 milligrams three times a week or every other day of tremble on estate is more than enough trust me if you do that you won't notice a lot of the negative side effects and you'll get most you just positives that's a guy I don't know if that's true I was going to ask you is that any true that trend really affects your brain cells like your thoughts your like yeah the brain cells I'll tell you something I'm a very mild matter guy always was I never really I'm always very peaceful I'm not really looking to get fights with people I'm not an asshole by any means in the sense that I don't go around starting looking to pick fights when I would take tremble on I was so angry all the time and I didn't even I didn't even connect the dots what it was being caused but I thought it was so irritable from dieting but the second I stopped the trend like when this one of the show was over and everything like that I completely changed my mood it really does raise your anger irritability it just it and it puts your nervous system on edge which means like you can never relax you can't it's very hard to fall sleep at night and some people get like trying to kick up from it some people get in the gestion because it overstimulates your digestive system as well it's not a great drug to be on for a long period of time if you're going to use it for a short period of time to get ready for competition that's one thing I wouldn't be staying on it for months and months and months though and that trend called me I remember that you said in one episode that you never experienced in the 80s and 90s you never you never you never was parable no only with trend acetate I noticed that yeah I think I heard the soul things right I don't think so I think it's the trend I think the difference was that when we used parable and it was only 76 milligrams you used it twice a week every three or four days so I think you just didn't get it because the dosage is worn high enough in tremble on the parable and had a very slow slow absorption rate it was a long acting compound so you didn't get this massive amount of energy and release it immediately so I think that's that might have been one of the reasons why but you know who knows what the real reason is you know it could be impurities and I don't know but it's trend alone across the board does cause that cough so I have to imagine it's coming not from the preservative but from the actual drug itself so well that's happening in Mexico guys that's the way we don't see a much more muscular people we are looking we we have much much better drugs much better better quality yeah much serious businesses into the industry here but we don't seem better bodies I think I think they are fought for focusing more on drugs than diet and and training programs and stuff you know still it's still at the end of the day it's about diet and working and supplementation and taking the right doing the right workouts and you know genetics yeah that's what I was going to say I mean Mexicans we just don't and he's not excused you know but you guys have good genetics though that's the difference you guys do have good genetics I think we have good genetics for men's disease but for open body builders I mean we just don't have not even one we have to 12 guys but you guys are shorter and that's why so I mean you know there's not many 12 Mexicans what what's wrong with being short you say nothing you'll fit right in you'll blend in they'll think you're Mexican don't worry about it they have good day put genetics for God they'll say look it's it's one more kiss hey yes okay leave you have a one up to Mexico and I say go swim how's it goes man yeah he was from New York he was a good bodybuilder how's he going to say come to Mexico and get it go pregnant and started I don't get anyone pregnant I was going to say that Lee you should come to or change the genetics with a Mexican girl is going to yes how about that isn't idea that's an idea bread your seat around we I'm going to come to Mexico I'm going to get sponsored by one of these drug clinics they're going to take my blood I'm going to give a little sample in a bottle and they got to take my DNA they got to sell my DNA from my blood and semen I'm sure I could do it someone can do it and we can have this like lead priest yeah this is your joking but you know what the a couple of people in my neighborhood I have a lot of property here they have cows and they're like I said how do you breed your cows I don't see any male bulls running around here they're like oh bulls are dangerous they buy you could go online you could actually buy vials of semen yeah and they send it to you in the male and I sent you just ejected into the females you know and then right place and you make baby cows that's amazing you don't even need boy and pretty soon they're going to pretty soon that we're doing that with us we'll be obsolete males they'll just be storing all of them they say they say you know because the bulls are dangerous having sex with the cow imagine the job jacking the bull off the they how dangerous that dangerous is that job but that will be a woo you can charge any woman to get them pregnant whatever you want lead imagine having a child of lead I want I want to love a child I'm going to love to have a priest yeah I went out with a porter recon once and this sort of close to the Mexican retirement talent they're crazy and I watched those movies and I like animal kingdom and stuff and all those girls are connected to the cartel so if you don't treat them right now come and talk to people oh yeah yeah one more time this is very I just discovered this 680 right down 680 no I don't want to do it right down this is this proved the illuminati's real and the earth is flat oh shit look at this right down 680 all right 680 minus 10 minus 10 minus 4 what do you get 666 and look I put it on the round piece of paper and when I ride on the piece of paper 666 happened to look what happened the paper became flat oh no it's like the flat earthers to you you're a genius yeah and mark of the devil what do I got on my shirt this must be some kind of a luminati symbol too it looks like it doesn't it look tile on the bottom look on actually on the bottom will be sure look that's a six and a six and a nine at the top on yellow two sixes on the bottom and that one at the top is a six at six zero six six I don't know what the zero is for mark and that would be like that see I just did a blood sacrifice last night right there it is actually they look they black look look look look look look look look look look look look look look look look look look look look look look look at the blood I fix six six six on the shirt it's a date I can see it Jimmy could see it you think your body I'll do the special symbol right they do this and like this they're like that or you know that's the the illuminati symbol I got it I'm losing my money thank you Felix they put on more than other mission of iron rage don't forget to subscribe to the least new Instagram the real least priest that's a special symbol thank you I want to leave for you here in Mexico yes I want to get sponsored hook it up you're gonna get a sponsor I'm telling you thank you very much I tell you leave 12 weeks before the Olympia you got to go out there in the train with your new sponsor and your new year let him gear right America I lived in America 18 years and I never been to Mexico that's crazy yeah I think there was nothing this I think there was nothing to see because everyone was coming to America from Mexico so I think it was what should I go to exactly what he did I will make you a party if you come you didn't know you're missing