Old School Body Building Clothing Company. If it's been three and a half hours since you last ate protein, now you're starting to freak out, you are old school. If watching someone sit on a hammer machine for five minutes between sets playing with their phone, pisses you off, you are definitely old school. OSBBC.com for the hardest training athletes. Welcome back to Iron Rage. This week we got a special show for you. I got of course, Lee Priz here with us, but we also have another crazy Aussie here with us. Take a lot of this. Welcome to the show. And you got your ears because we got you out of it. I'm going to talk about it. Yeah, awesome. Thanks for having me on the show. Can I say that's the first time I made Bright Dave, I've heard you pronounce it. Last year you pronounced it. This year you've pronounced it wrong. Made me sound like some kind of undiscovered dinosaur. I heard him say it 20 times, you've got a show start and just they get it right. All you great guys, you always shorten your names too. It's usually like Jake Nico or something like that. You know, you'll be... Yeah, maybe I should change it to Jake Nico. I heard last time that you said it, Lee actually corrected you and he said, no, Nico Lopolis and you go, yeah, yeah, Nico Lopolis. You can't actually keep on you. I was taking this Lopago silence in my head, you know, like a tortoise is on the mind, you know. Go towards the tortoise. Great. Well, thank you for joining us today. Lee, you know, you seem to be the hot commodity lately. Your people are putting you in documentaries. How did the Jake documentary come about? Does anyone know how it all started? Yeah, so I can answer that. So Lee and I, oh, Jesus. The whole documentary came on after I won the Arnold Basic here in Australia when I got my pro card in 2019. Great. The guys behind the documentary, I don't know if you're familiar with them. I think you know Gary Phillips. Yes. So Gary Phillips has his own company, muscle vision and he's done the Chris Columbia documentary. He's also done the, yeah, the Flex Wheel of Documentary and he's working on Lee's documentaries as well. From I. Am I allowed to drop that? Yeah, but it's kind of, they want to all the world Jake being Lee's documentary. That's the question. Yeah, we're filming for that in like a fortnight. Oh, good. Yeah. So he worked with another filmmaker, Darren Petty, Darren Petty films on from I documentary. And it was after the 2019 they both know me as well. Gary's known me since I was like 17 years old. The first competition I ever did. He photographed me at his, at his house. Nothing, kinky, Lee. Just living here without there. Just a normal photo. Yeah. I've got to say all these things. No, you know, my sister Lee is. My sister Lee is. My sister Lee. You didn't, you didn't tie your penis to like a coffee table or anything like that. No, I posed in drugs around. No penis tied up for anything. There was no, not since my penis, everything was just normal. No, normal photoshoot. Boring. Boring in les, in les books. That's a boring. You guys are shooting. Why are doing lines of cocaine? Tie your genitalia to moving cars or anything like that. Just put on a, join a premise. Join through my documentary here. It only goes to doing it. Mike and a fucking drug addict. Just, I thought, just put all the charges to the documentary. Just because I take my creatine different to you, Dave. That's a nice cocaine. Yeah. So, yeah, no, I'm Gary for a long time. He's known me since I was a kid. And after the, and Darren as well, he competed with the never when I did and we traveled together to Germany in 2008. I think so there's a bit of history with both of them. And then, yeah, after the show, they approached me and said, hey, we think it'd be a really cool idea to do a documentary. And the first thing that kind of went into my head is who the fuck's going to want to watch a documentary on someone that hasn't achieved anything. As an IFPV pro yet. But once they kind of explained to me what the purpose of the documentary was, it was more just a story telling of, you know, as a kid, where I came from, all the childhood stuff and actually getting the pro cut. So it wasn't so much as, hey, look at this guy, how much is the chief as an IFPV pro. So I haven't even done a fucking show yet as an IFPV pro because everything's been done. Yeah, since COVID. But that was pretty much the approach with the idea, then Dave, they said, I have about we tell the story and interview all the people that have played a part in your journey with Lee Priest, Samline 80s. It was a never champion family members, friends, all, all everyone that kind of had some kind of input into where I am now. And then especially lead, that's the whole, you know, raising one. So I fucked up. That lead. My glad to help. Why did you agree to do that? Well, the why did you participate in this whole thing? The documentary of what I'm saying. Right. Well, well, Graham Lange, feel the use to run the neighbor back then. He approached me, said about this young kid, Jake and I occasionally help people then, like, sometimes you help people and they don't listen, they do this and do that. And Graham was on me for a while, and I was very dedicated to this. That's I said, OK, I'll help him. So that's when Jake was getting ready for the world. So he went over there in one of the worlds. But yeah, I just, you know, we started helping me. I reckon you started helping me in 2011, I reckon. Right. Was it? Yeah, because I remember that I, I, you, I guess, you did see a few thousand in ten. You guess, post, had Graham show and I meet you backstage and you didn't give a fuck about who I was. And I was going to see, these advice would consist of, like, don't be a pussy just fucking or train. What do you mean tell me? Yeah, I think you were telling me that's how it was. I think you're exactly. I think they have not one of those fucking generic sign features day. I've got it on the wall here just says two Jake dreams come true, train hard. And by the way, he's got 400 of those in his house, like preprinted just gives him out to the people. OK, I think I'm, thank you, everyone. The doctor mentioned you talk about when you get ready for the show and I'm not most helping him. Please, that's what makes me just stamp it, like, please. Jake would send me a message like, hey, Lee, this and that, not feeling too good. And I'll point it just in back and message suck it up. Yeah. 100%. That's what you always did. It was actually hard to, to make it happen today because he didn't want anything to do with me. Really, I remember I sent him a couple of messages at start and he didn't want to know about it. And I literally said to him, because he was in Newcastle. I mean Melbourne. It's about, I don't know, an hour or so, right away. And I remember I pretty much forced myself and I said, hey, I'm going to fly to Newcastle. I'm going to put myself up in a combination. What gym do you train at? Like, what area should I train in? And Lee gave me the, um, told me like, what area to say. I said, we'll gym, Queensland. And no shit. I think we trained to get it, um, like two times. And I could tell that Lee thought that I was just going to be like, any other young bodybuilder just thought it was all about fucking drugs. And, you know, he was no use helping me because I already just didn't want to be able to do that. And I wanted to know about the hard training or the dieting and waking up to all cardio. But as much as Lee doesn't want to admit it, I think that you actually put up an Instagram, a Facebook post the second day after we trained together. And you were like, so refreshing, you know, these young guys. Yeah. And I, you didn't say it was about me because you're, that's just you. You don't fucking get credit to anybody. But I knew that it was a, well, that's a bad thing. That's about me. I hope that it was about me. Yeah, I rang everyone. I rang everybody. I was back. I was back. I actually asked Lee to see it. I said, was that about Jackie goes, no, it's too bad another guy. But I'll let him believe it was about him. That's about my mum. That's about my mum. And literally, I think about two days after me staying in the hotel, Lee was like, all right, he goes, just move all your stuff into my place. So then I ended up moved in with Lee and stayed with him. And we just trained every day and we hung out every day. So I think Lee finally after a couple of days worked out that I wasn't one of those typical fuck-wit bodybuilders. Who gave me down? He broke me down. He broke me down. Jake's got a, I got to give credit to Jake. Who screwed up who more did Lee, did you get more fucked up by hanging out with Jake? Did Jake get more fucked up by hanging out with you? How did he like that? How did I get him? How did I get him? How did I get him? How did I get him? How did I get my money back from the bills for more of therapy since I met Lee? Like, fuck it, how? I'm the one that's in trouble. I'm working on the competition. Now, most of the time I got fucked up, he's in the fucking long sleep straight check-up. Kevin, you've seen the videos Jake posted of us dressed up as Ben, members in his house and Reppin is made and clean, Reppin put him in the cupboard with a kitchen knife for when he's murdered. I've got to do this. They were all Lee's ideas and we didn't even take drugs. That's a scary place. So many people like, oh, you guys rock, you know, that's just this brain. I'm nothing, I'm arjunous. Yeah, we were sitting in the kitchen and Lee was just like, oh, what's in the garage? I'm like, what do you mean? He's like, oh, if he got, what kind of clothes or what gear have you got in the garage? And I'm like, oh, Dad's got like, oh, he's motorcyclical, I have fed him. We've got some weeds and things like that. And Lee's like, oh, let's go. Lee, we're just trying on all these things. That's right. Before the show, Lee was put in on his wear wolf mask, because my kid likes wear wolf, and my son came with his wear wolf mask. Oh, really? Lee, yeah. Well, yeah, Lee knows that. He's connected with the youth of our nation. For rock, yeah. I love Jake. Love Dr. Sine. Jake and Cynthia, those videos, Dave, after the show, they might be able to add them to show you because, oh, they do, he's. Oh, everything, every single thing that we did was a fucking laugh. I've never laughed so much. Even just going to the supermarket, if he's at with Lee, everything was just hilarious. But when I was on prep leading, you know, fuck, like we would go to the movies. I'd be eating like chicken out of the container with lettuce, and Lee would be getting chopped up ice cream on the ground, like, multi-sister's and chocolate. Were they filming all this stuff with you guys? Well, while you were with him, nah, there were so many things that we didn't film. Because it was back in 2012. There was so much shit that didn't get on camera. Well, you've been filming this since 2012? No, no, all these little things that I had though. So it all looked a little candid videos that I took a big and I think it's at home, and all that stuff, like there's edited all of that stuff in. But they started filming 2019. Right. You know what? I'll tell you, they did a great job on Cormea too. Cormea told me that he goes, I don't even know where it happened these videos they got in the film were from. I've never even seen him. Like, Cormea was being filmed by people for 10 years, you know, going to parties and shit, hanging out in hotel rooms. He didn't even know the footage existed until he watched the documentary. Yeah, yeah, man. Oh, and Cormea's documentary was awesome. That's how the reason why I really wanted Gary working on buying those like both. You don't really want someone to release the documentary and call it a documentary on yourself and it comes out and it's fucking shit. Lee, you know all about that, right? I know that's what generation I am. No, but I'm not, Lee, Lee's documentary is going to be amazing. Can you play some parts of it? I'll send you your scripts for what you got to say. What? People want to see this documentary. You know, you're better than the Shinbees. And where people want to see the documentary? Where is it? So just YouTube, Jake Nicolopoulos, if just asked Dave to had it's ballot first. Nicolopoulos? Yeah, I think we have a documentary. Jake Nicolopoulos documentary. We're going to put the link up to it, Jake. Yeah, thanks very much. I watched it. It was very good. It was very well done. Yeah, the link to it with the way they did it. As I said, for most people that watch it, it's more don't expect like, oh, why is this guy going to documentary? Has it done anything appropriate? It's more that journey, just to see. I know what junk I got. I started watching it. I also, because they sent me the link. I'm like, you know what, I don't want to watch. I don't even know who this guy is. And you know what, I got sucked into it because they did a good job. It's good. Right into it, right from the beginning. And I said, I couldn't stop watching it. This is the Czechos game we're grabbing. Because they had money in it too. Everyone will come. Yeah, we actually were actually rerunned it for me. If you were, if you were left, I mean, I don't know. I'm not a lot better. Also, come and create. Yeah, I do. Oh, yeah, I just stopped singing and fucking with the band and had Zanado on the background and stuff. And at the very end, you see, I'm on. You know what, you're on the top. I'll tell you why it was for Jake's because I didn't know anyone in there. That's why I liked it. It was like, yeah, well, it was a different perspective on bodybuilding for me. Well, we kind of wanted to do it day without making it look like it was super fucking scripted and real cheesy. We just wanted to make it real. And that's why when they interviewed some of the, like, my mates from, from back in the day, none of them are even into bodybuilding. That ain't even trying to do it. But they also, you, you, you, all see guys have a much better personality. Just, if they would have done this on an American guy, I would have probably fallen asleep watching him because they're, they're boring. They would have tried to make a two straight lace. They would have said, these guys would have tried to be too proper on film. You just, you know, you didn't go. Yeah. And that's, and that's what we tried to avoid. And then especially having lay-offs, well, that just box up everything. Any kind of chance of having some kind of serious documentaries. Can't so culture, can't so culture is real. Yeah. Yeah. All right. I thought it was very good. Guys, check it out. It is for free on YouTube right now. The Jake and Nicolapula's documentary. And Lee Priest is featured throughout that documentary. Now, I think when you, when you're competing next straight, oh, no, I was just, he wouldn't make a pro to debut. Oh, well, we're still waiting to, so we kind of even get out of the country yet. So I'm, I'm just like, every, just like everybody. Right. Yeah. Thanks with Jake, Stephen Lockdown, he made all the, you've got to think Jake's like, all the wildlife is there. And they, they don't let anything out of it. And you're in Australia. And now you guys, now you guys a lot down. So I think the thing on Lee, Lee, Lee, he traveled, because he's had three COVID vaccines. Yeah. Yeah. I think they've been in Jake. They've been in Jake. I think there's only vaccines. Yeah, I know. I hear you go for number four. Because you really, you want to make sure, you know, that's true. I think there has been a few pros here try to apply for like exemptions. To travel, you don't think that they're not giving, they're not giving anybody. Did you get one? I got one. Yeah, because he got three COVID vaccines. He's like the posted boy for COVID. I, I had my, I had my, I had my exemption for about seven months. I really, I think I think they just want to get, I just want to get, yeah, I have a country and then not you let that get. I think I think that's it because it is hard. It is hard to get back into one of these for me to get. So I can't leave go to England and then try to come back in when I went out and you're back. All right. Yeah, but that's, that's, that's all I'm waiting for today. I'm just trying to just say like, we're not going to actually get out of the country and kick a show to make a pro debut. Because as soon as I literally, the last show I got ready for, It was a week before. That was a great time. Tony, Tony, Tony, you just said this. Yeah, yeah. That's like fucking hell. Hopefully hopefully we'll have something over there. Now let me ask you guys this question. I got to change. I got to change subjects for a minute. The document is great. But we got the arm of plastic list came out. I want you first impression. I'll have Tyler put it up there. Men's open. You saw the list. I think it's a pretty damn good lineup, right? I think it's a good list. I'm happy to see Ian's doing the, and the team. And when I watched your interview with Sergio, the other day I thought it was great. And I actually got excited listening to Sergio saying, why don't we all do it. Nick Walker, and that, you know, I don't want to be like, I want to say back in mind. Well, he's going out there and he's going to explain it online. Yeah, I'm going to. Yeah, by that. That's right. As you remember, back in the 90s and early 2000s, the Arnold Classic lineup used to be pretty much the Olympia lineup just minus Mr Olympia apart from when Ronnie did it. I think once or twice, but it'd be great to see. Being that close to the Olympia, why would you do it to me? He talked to most of these pros. They say the Arnold is a better show than the Olympia, but the Olympia has the name, but the Arnold is a prestige, the money, the title. Why not do it as, as Sergio said, the Olympia sometimes the four go on, conclude. You know who the top two may be top three might be, but all these new guys do in the Arnold would be fantastic because you haven't really got a clue who's going to place where and yes, I see some guys get upset that there he goes, someone might get feet, but if you get feet at the Arnold who cares in a couple of weeks time, you might beat that person at the Olympia. But the great for the fairs would be great for the promoter. What Sergio said is, everyone should do it. It'd be great. Everyone's so scared of losing or not placing while these days, like they should just compete. But you don't have to win every time. If everyone just competed, it would make it such a great watch for all of the fans. But I think everyone's just so worried about I, if I lose, what are people going to say about me or if I'm a little bit off, it gives a fuck. If you're afraid to be a bodybuilder, that's the bottom line. Well, especially if most of these guys do, that's all that they do. But I've got a normal job. We've got a business. We work at an hour and nine to five, well a lot longer, actually, because it's our business. But if most of these guys, if they just eat and sleeping and training and just living the bodybuilding dream, fuck, they should be wanting to compete all the time. You know, I can't say you're wrong. I mean, I don't know what, I think guys just get scared. If you're going to do the Olympia, you shouldn't be afraid. You should be able to do any show out there and feel like, hey, I could win it. Guys like, guys like, guys like the Olympics, we're going to win the Olympics. The Arnold, what, twice now? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's going to do it. People don't really want to compete. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. The Olympia, the year that you know, carry one of the Olympians. So, I mean, any day, anyone could be in anyone. I don't even know why. I'm not going to carry. He should be on those. And that's what I always, Lee, you've always said that too. It's like sometimes the God that beats you, you come back a few weeks later in a different show and then you beat him. That's, that's what he's doing. So, you're doing it. Like someone always found you good, whatever. And I always found too, when shows that together like in the beginning of the year, we used to do the Iron Man, the Arnold, the San friend, the longer you're stating, shape with the posing and photoshoot, seem between or doing the social media now, the longer I state in shape, the better I got for each show. So, whoever these guys now are, you want too many crazy chemicals or whatever it is before to show that they can only speak for one show. I don't understand they can only speak for one show. And all you have to do is eat, sleep and train. It's not the chemicals, Lee. It's like, it's the brain. Yeah, it's like, what the fuck are you doing that is so bad that you have to do a show and take a whole year off. Oh, I've got to take videos for my social media. I just can't compete so much. Just like, they like, they like, they like the wrong. They like what we're on doing the first game in a year and say, see you guys, I see the finals. I see the end of the year. And we're like, what? It's like, how do you, yeah, man, tap 3th year, and see a limpia. I'm doing the oral, if it's a month before because that's an easy double. And that you can make some serious bank too. I mean, that's exactly. Exactly. So you're going to be like, who are we thinking is going to be top 3 for this show. You'd have Bonak Bonak up there. A came possibly a came in Sergio. Oh, no, no, the top 3 is going to be a came. I think you never know about Tetra and McMillan. Maybe he shows up looking at him and put that list. If centric, if centric's on, you can't can't he mat. So if I was to go with top 5, any top 5 I'd have Bonak. They came Ian Sergio and Sidrick, but then you can't please leave Steve Cookler out of that list. Because I'm just going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you're good, but Steve too. I think he's like Sidrick sometimes. Sometimes he nails it that sometimes. There's some for some reason people like Sidrick or Clupa, they're just a little bit off. They look a lot off. Yeah, I'm going to strike you that little bit off. Who closed been really good the last couple of times we've seen him? I haven't seen him work in a couple of shows. He's been really, he's hunting the bride and doing the show. He's a good day. No, I don't think so. He should have. Hunter and Nick, Matthew, from Desafine, so you can say his invitation. I think this year, due to COVID, no one to crack, they should let a few more do it. So they should throw in Hunter and we can see. I think that we're going to be lucky. I think by had he put his name on that list. Hunters do in Tampa, I think, and then he's done. Remember the problem is that the Arnold is not a qualified for this year's Olympic. It's for the next year. Because it's too late. So I think the guy's going to just qualify. That's a quality of the good to see. Some of you, thank you. If you're good to see someone like Hardy, I'm throwing his name in it too. I think I didn't get it. Yeah, I mean, if he's in town, why shouldn't he do it? I mean, he would have been a perfect showman to do. Yeah, I agree. Yeah. And I want people to dismiss this drug thing too. And I want people to think drugs a lot of drugs a lot of drugs. Because I can honestly say when I was helping Jake get ready and Jake get asked me about a cycle. I've just heard what I'm not a doctor. I can show you what I took and I see him in email. I said, look, maybe follow it is. I guarantee they would have been five minutes. It's takes it. Maybe about a decade ago. Are you fucking with me? I said, no, I said, that's the little bit I take. He's like fuck off. That's bullshit. That's a great work. I said, I said, no, no, no, no, no, no. Nothing. Nothing. Yeah. I still tell people to this day leader. That was the best thing that ever happened was me getting to know Sam. I need his when I was young and you. Because I was only when I when I was 22, 23, a little bit older. And that was the best thing because yeah, there was so many different coaches in Australia. There's so much information out there and all these guys are doing a pushing massive amounts of drugs. And there were plenty of young guys when I was coming up that I was like, fuck why they so much bigger than me. And then when you hear what they're doing, I'm just happy that I had someone like you lead to tell me that to train hard. Because I remember for like so many times you're like, no growthful man. I said, no, that way better. You still get it. No, you're not. You're not. You're not. The less you use in the early in your career, the better it works later in your career when you actually use the stuff. And that's that's a well known fact. So, you know, lead. Yeah. Try to advice young guys should use the mid. Nothing as long as they can. And then minimal stuff until you actually really need it. And then it'll push you over the top, you know. You can't start out of the gate using a ton of stuff because then what happens when that doesn't work anymore, you know. Oh, they all do. I don't know. It's probably it's obviously the same. It doesn't matter what country you're in. But yeah, so many even when I had my gym opened to personal training. I was meeting a lot of young guys coming through. Oh, geez. The cycles that they were. They were going over. It was just, it was just crazy what people were doing. And here I am thinking five. I'm still able to grow and do what I'm doing. And sometimes using a small amount, you just, you still feel like, oh, shit, you know, is it too much. And then you hear what these other guys are doing. It's like, you know, it's absolutely insane. What are they? What are they doing? I'm a little press for a day before we go. Before we go, Dave, what's your, you didn't give a short top 3D Arnold day of those names? Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm torn. I, I really, but you know, we didn't talk about Justin Rodriguez. It's also who's really, really good. Oh, yeah. And you know, it's Justin Rodriguez. Great. I have to believe Justin Rodriguez just we bone act is the highest place in God. I have to give bone act to the nod. I, I, I have Sergio, lever in my top 3 and I have Ian Valier and, and a team Williams. I got my top 4. I guess you know what? It's going to be a great show. I'm going to be a great show. But I like a team. I love Ian. I think Ian structurally is, is, is huge bone act is the most pleasant. And Sergio is the wild card. And I think that's what he asked you a question because you've worked with, we've worked with the cane. Yeah. Watching the cane at the, at the Olympic, he literally to me watching him. He seemed like one of the craziest guys on stage. How come you think he doesn't place like, because it seems like his condition is the best up there? He will. He will. You know what? His back was a little weak and it's still not as strong as body part. He has good width, but he has the density issue in the back. Yeah. But I think it's been improving every year. I think this year he's going to make an in for himself. I think he's going to move into the top five this year. And it seems like he has pretty much all the tools like he's just the monster and he's condition is crazy. Yeah. He's got very, I think I've fixed him. It's been getting better and better every year. But the back was always holding him back. I think this year he's going to finally, you know, be dead. I think that's what makes, I think that's what makes the out of classic good dishes. Because all those names we mentioned, anyone at him can win it is just going to come down to who hits it on the day, which is, Yeah. It could be the craziest out of classic. I don't know if that's going to go all in that. Well, you know, that guy is super. I think he's going to be tough to beat. Yeah. I'm a thank you. Yes. Yes. All right. I love you guys. But I got to wrap it up. I got to pick my daughter up from school. Jake, thank you. Check out the Jake Nicolopolis documentary that is featuring Lee Priest. Oh, that's twice. He got to fight. And now. What do you say? You got his name right. What's I got? I got. I got. I'm a slow learner. I remember for one time. So, Nick, thank you Jake. God, a lot of the kiss. Put your, put your wolf man mask on there, Daly. My wolf mask is up in the cloud. I would never mind. All right. I love you. I got to go. I'll see you next week. Well, I'm going to bring you on the show. We'll see you next time. Thanks very much. Thanks. I think you're talking to us. I'll see you next time.