Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X Pro 30 year in a row and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry. It's a low carb hot tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. I'm back. That lower again. Uh, you're fine. It's like I say. It's like I say. It's like I say. Do you like my tailbone for a shoe? Welcome back to another installment of Iron Raid. I'm the plubbo joined as always by Lee Priest. Now here you're going to be now that Chadwick Boseman has passed unfortunately. A lot of very sad people. I love them as black Panther. I hear this opening so I hear that you are now in contention for the new roll of black Panther. Is that true? Uh, that's actually cool. Do you have a soda cartoon? Simba the white line? Yeah. That's me. Um, the white line. Simba. What a great cartoon. Yeah. Black Panther. You can't replace black Panther. So what line is coming? I got to. You're going to. What a sad story. I mean, here's a guy. You know, I didn't even realize when I read his obituary. I didn't really see the guy who acted in the Jackie Robinson story. I don't know if you ever saw that movie. It was really good. Very well done. Uh, for those people don't know Jackie Robinson. He was the first black man to play Major League Baseball. And he was so, you know, ostracized. I mean, it was horrendous. What this guy had to go through to break that with a call to color barrier. And, you know, and after him, obviously, a lot of other guys followed. But he was the first, you know, well, imagine could imagine him see in pro sports now in America, where it's probably predominantly black people. Yeah. Like what that, huh? Yeah. Yeah. It's crazy. But you know, the fight with the feet. Well, there's no funny thing really about it. But Chadwick was really good in that. And then he obviously made, you know, his name as black Panther, which is really the first African American or black, if you want to say, superhero. You know, and I thought the movie was great. I'm obviously, I know you are two. We're both Marvel and Avenger fans. So, yeah. I mean, and I think they had planned some future movies. And, and the funny, the weird thing is that he was diagnosed and was being treated for cancer, while he was making all these movies. It's amazing. It was able to get to the satin and never, no one knew, no one knew. Yeah. No, it's funny because I watched him on a figure would have been, could have been when 21 bridges come out or just after that he was doing something else. He's in that there's a movie on Netflix now. He's in that's about the blood to five blood or something. It's about like a Vietnam type thing and they go back to Vietnam to get some gold or treasure or something. It's not Netflix. I think it's called in something blood or something. You'll find that on Netflix. I think it could have been in the last movie. But, you know, so I'm on the Graham North and show it on interview on a set of my wife. I said, God, he looks skinny like he's lost a lot of weight. I just figured maybe, you know, somebody's act is giving that their role like Ray, right. Fripping by him in the mechanic room. He lost the weight. Just being like that. That's interesting. I was thinking maybe maybe just losing this weight because when he's still up he just looks so thin and I think maybe stars are sort of smaller in person when you're soon. But he just looks so thin. I think I may be his next role because after seeing him in black Panther, he had a bit of size on him and stuff like that. He just thought, well, they're going to just go on around helping lots of kids and cancer wars and stuff like that. But nobody knew about sure he was going. And then, you know, I saw a couple of posts. It was a while ago, the head pictures of, you know, a pop-arazzi follows people as he can come in out of places, taking photos of him playing all the young drugs, looking in the look at what he looks like. Oh, when he really does that. Yeah. Those guys must feel pretty bad now. That's for sure. Yeah. Little did they know they had kids. That's what it gets still. It's like the pop-arazzi's like, look, I understand. Look, if you're at a premiere of a movie or your son way of doing something for a movie or stuff like that, okay, he's a picture. But in their private life, like maybe you can walk in down the street at a cafe out there and probably get one. But, you know, when they're with their families or on a holiday and they get photos like that, I think that should just be totally illegal against the law. You know, where someone could have a place to keep caught and they're at the beach or in the front yard and they've got helicopters for and over taking pictures of him sunbaking. If you were right, did that would be fucking arrested for talking and taking photos. Yeah, but different lives for public figures. It really is not fair, like you said. It's because it's a... Well, it's not only the standard, it's like, you know, somebody's had a promotion on their outdoings, I think. But family time when you're with your kids or on a holiday, that's private time. That should be off limits the pop-arazzi because, to me, that's just fucking ridiculous. They need their, you know, better laws for that type of shit. Yes, we might like the one that they do, but, looking. Some of the times they're when they're out. You'll see for top pop-arazzi. I mean, stars that will say, look, okay, I'm out of my family, but he five minutes takes some photos and then leg this alone. You know, that should be respected, do it and then get out of there. But the handle more day and fall on the ran here, you see, he's here, he's there. But he's holding his wife's hand at the end of the day, then not holding hands. They must be fighting me. Oh, wow. Or how many people have been taking pictures of your biceps, like you said, at the gym, you know, is that an indesian in your privacy? But I'd say, you like that. You like that. No, it's like anyone comes over at the gym. They're always saying, can I over photo? I say, sure, but a couple of times I did catch people where I'd be training. I look over and they're like this. That fetus, right? Look at it, he just come ask me, oh, do it. And then one time I was in the firehouse and those these two are so the other side and I was eating with my friend Kurt and I'm a closeer. I never got the video camera sitting on the table. I can see the red line on and they're filming me eating. I'm like, fuck and hell, so I didn't. I just started getting my burger and chips as I'm sure it up on spit it out like, don't go. Like I'm a fucking, like I'm a fucking retard. We're going to, we've got a photo of Lee eating having a stroke. So, please, oh, be. And that's why he eats like that, right? You know? But they're trying to sneak those pictures like that. The funny is one episode that threw me off of my training partner when I was squatting at golds. Yeah. And then I went on gym. Please, sometimes the Japanese too. It's always coming that by our people's or world gym. Yeah. You're way, way, way, way, way, way. We're self-established stuff. I don't know what they do. I think they just love it because they're going to go to golds and get bags of golds. Yeah. Clothes and, you know, because I've definitely got it. It would back in their country, but yeah, they, I was still in squats. I was ahead of about six or seven plates going super heavy. I'm psyched up. I walked back. And my friend Marks behind me spotted. I think I got a picture of you on the back of the five six plate mark I'll send it to you. And then just as I went out the squat, these Japanese, I just sort of stand in front of the camera and go, click in the flashgauge. Ah, you like it in the back? Yeah. Ah, fuck. You know, you just focus on doing the squat and all the sudden these camera comes. Yeah. Yeah. You're, you have a watch out. Fuck the old days when those valley out belts, how about the Velcro belts? Yeah. You put one of them on your get for a heavy lift and as you go down down the belt guys. Yeah, break up. Yeah. Yeah. The stupid, it was the stupidest belt of all time. And what they did was they got lead, lead the broadest spot to the, Yeah. It was like the spots and athletes. Everyone figured, well, if Lee's wearing the belt, which I'm sure you never wore the belt in Jim, if Lee wears the belt, then it must be good. But yeah, you put those belts on they look great and they're comfortable. Is everything, but they don't do anything, you know? No, I thought before Lee, that lead was probably, I don't see. I don't know if you're going to pitch Lee squatting five six seven plates. You know, probably around the free plate, Mark free and a half, the belt was good. Just the whole game. But anyway, you got to have a heavy weight. Yeah. And as when it flew over, but then I think everybody started going to Cadillac belts, which are always the best belts for those sort of nerves. Nice, live a bit softer. I remember I think one year was like at the Arnold Classic, you started doing the Superman one and he gave me, I guess Lee, I did this for you. I said, thank you. So I got it, but then he made a lot of them. But I didn't know because I was at the Arnold, and I was coming over to the Superman belts, Lee, and you saw him, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, and God, that's 50, 60 Superman belts. Right. And then I'm coming to the interview, guys, Lee, I made some Superman belts. Yeah, fuck it, no, I'm sorry, I'm just going to walk down. You know, he made a species belt for me, a species nutrition belt. It was so awesome. And he sent me like five or six of them. And I did some contest and gave him a weight. People were like calling up the office, they wanted them, and they were like, I'll pay anything. I'll give you five of the draws for one of those. I said, I don't have any left, they said I gave more weight. I said, I've been contested, everybody. I'll pay, I said, I don't have them. God of Cardillo, he made them. He's got nothing again in your one. Cardillo, if you're listening, I need a new belt for my comeback. Yeah. But the figure, I just like, is that soft leather, 200's like, it's the perfect sight. I am friends at where those, you know, big, fucking super thick, powerlifting type belt. Oh, I hate those. They dig into your sights. So they're cracking into your ribs. Yeah. And they're trying to put it on this, like, trying to put on that fucking, like, as beating the freaks. What? They're made for fat guys that you have to have a layer of fat on you. If you have no fat protecting your midsection, you're going to break your ribs with those things, you know? I've been there. I've friends with where they're built doing leg press. I'm like, how did you wear a belt? Yeah. You don't even need a belt when you're doing leg press. It's like, my stomach was bad. My legs hit my gut. I was like, well, especially when I was a doctor. I could not use those parallel thing belts. Someone was going to lend it to me. What I couldn't do with set. I was in more pain from my stomach than from the actual set of swaths. All right. So the way things are trying to put a lot of people like trying to put a covering on when you're already having a fucking work. I never thought of that analogy. You know, the thing is also, I think people don't realize you don't need a very thick belt when you're doing, you need it thick around your back, but around the front, it should be narrow. So it doesn't cut into your abdominals. At one point, don't put it on super tight because I think as long as it just felt that tiny bit of pressure was more psychological thinking, okay, I could feel. Yeah. You know what I started squatting, getting it when you're more facts sometimes when I get back my hips would sort of just go like this. Yeah. So it's just a whole minute. So even if someone spotted me, they just put their hands on my side. I didn't believe. But just feeling that secure. Sure. That's like, you know. Sometimes, you know, couple of times, your Steve Blackman spotted me sort of. Ah, the red man. Hey, hugged you. Yeah. He gave it a little bear hug. So very, that's very good. Putting where I was on my sixth breath and you sort of blowing in my ear. And I'm trying to squat. And then I'm like, bro, what's that? I said, what's that Steve engaged? Lee, I'm just going to put this here or keep your back straight. He said he had these special rod that he put inside and he keeps your back straight. He said you can do squats and work. He glitz you like, just squeeze your back. Squeeze, take a little squeeze. Squeeze. I was at a go. I was at a go on for six reps. The fuck am I doing 100? I kept saying, I'm almost there. I'm almost there. Oh, I thought a good picture. You, I thought, I emailed you the other day. If you can look in your email. I was just doing these steady reps like this. It's like, I'm not a soccer player. I kind of got any faster. What? I don't know if he did. Can he see the picture we put up? No, I can't see it. Why? He hasn't put it up yet. I found someone sent me a picture. Let me put up on screen. I'll tell you what it is. You don't need to see it. You see what email? I kind of forwarded it to you probably over the weekend. Not that one from born up. Oh, okay. I got one. You're all these poor hometowns. Yeah. You know, actually, when I'm actually good with this one, it's Lee Priest naked. I think, well, there's no pieces of me naked. But that guy's like his porn site. So actually, I had to subscribe to this porn site for like a month and nine ninety nine to see these pictures. No, wasn't even naked. I was like, I was like, I was in a picture. Yeah. I was like, I was like, I was in a picture. Yeah. Do I think, well, I want to see you in case someone did get you. Well, if you did subscribe for ninety ninety nine, if it would, did you check out anything else? Oh, yes. So I'd say, so someone with great fruit, but I don't know. We're going to put the picture up all on. I think there were pictures of the picture. I'm already built on the end. I was like, we're on the same cloud and there's a few of them. Oh, I'm sure. The picture is, there's a picture of you and there's a picture of NASA playing golf. Do you remember this picture? This photo shoot you did? You look at you way three hundred pounds in this picture. I'd have to say it. I can't see it. Well, no, you are wearing a red shirt with like short shorts. Oh, short shorts. You have a proper polo shirt. Polo shirt. Yeah. I don't know if they were to do that. We did a golf charity tournament. Fub, chicken, and NASA myself. Oh, I got a lot. Cafe, it was a... You don't even look like this on you seriously. You're probably like two three hundred pounds here. My hand's so... My hand's so... My hand's so... My hand's so... My hand's so... My hand's so... My hand's so... My hand's so... My hand's so... My hand's so... My hand's so... My hand's so... Yeah, exactly like that. I've been constantly... You know... But let's get... Let's get... Let's get on a serious subject here. Because Chadwick, Boseman, died of colon cancer. When they discovered it, he was in Sage 3 cancer, ready, which is with past-the-size cancer, with music cancer, spread. Very hard to control that and get over that. And so, the take-home messages, guys, you gotta get your colonoscopies. Now, I have a colonoscopies scheduled for the... I think it's a 25th of this month. It's on a Friday. Are you getting a video? I don't know. I don't think anyone wants to see it. Tyler, see Tyler can find the girl along with this video. In the lead, in the lead cruise, bodybuilders reality. I think that the more interesting part of it is the preparation for it. Because I think like starting like 12 hours before you got to drinking all these... Solutions that make your poopy brains out, you know, to clean yourself out. What's that? Shit, when I went for mine, Colosska, he said, I said, bring the lead, that was an obstacle. What were you drinking? I never had a custom colonoscopy from a... Steve's called me to bring it. From an expert like Steve. Well, Steve said, he just drink these special G's and I drank that. And I fell to a little bit dizzy. I fell to a little bit dizzy. He slipped your roofy, huh? The rest was a blow. I got on back to this video, Tyler can find it. I went to had one of those colonics. You know, what a clean your out? Yeah. And they can't board a water in and stuff. Yeah, I can't even do anything. I had this, this was just for the bodybuilders reality. For something different, the ad, for the sort of fiends could see. So I filmed it all. You can see the stuff going down the tube. Like, see, this is just the show of my fiends. I'm not fully shit. So I just filmed it all. It is the funny story here. And those were pretty funny. It had a good sense of humor. Yeah. And as with filming at my friends filming, and she puts it in like, like that. I said, I said, I said, so you get these options. You guys, oh, yes, I love them. I love them. As I get least two or three a week, I said, oh, so you must like, I ain't not six. And I swear when I said that, she jammed that fucking thing. That's a little bit harder. She perforated as colon after. Yeah. He needed a repair to insert. But it's clear because they just fill you so much water in your. I had one very uncomfortable. Very uncomfortable. Oh, you feel like you've got to go. And then when you go, it all comes out. But then even when you find me done for like four or five hours later, I still sitting down pissing out of my ass because there must have been so much water left up there still. It was funny. They should have, they found out that you really were full of crap. I wanted to actually ask us, I saw like a little fucking matchbox kind of guy. But I'm like, I wonder where that went. Ah, I had a colonic. Did you find it like some weird looking stuff came out of you? Like, you know, strange looking, you know, poops. Because you know, everyone knows their own poops. You know, might someone stuff came out of me? Wasn't the normal, you know, they put on my poops that I was normal. Probably being wedge stuff there. Better part from GI Joe to matchbox cars, looking for a couple of other little drinks, party food and stuff. A couple of years, rub is on and out of that. You know, I never did fiber when I was doing the colife. This is back in the 90s. So then I discovered fiber and I said, you know what? I don't need to do a colonic. I could do it from the other end. The fiber is a lot easier to use than the colonic. Some people like them. I found the very uncomfortable. I didn't really enjoy it. I did it. Like I said, I'd rather do it the natural way. Like you said, yeah. You know, I've been doing fiber with taking some type of fiber five. You know, supplement that, you know, the good thing that I'm not just taking Meta Mussel, he sometimes and just drink that before I go to bed at night and stuff. But I had friends that take it in the morning. I said, how do you take Meta Mussel in the morning? I said, say you're out shopping and all of a sudden, your stomach starts good. Linging you got to go, you got to go. You got to go. You got to do a Valentina. You got to put the toilet paper rolling your sock and you can't carry that around at all times just in case. I remember that time he talked about the story on the highway. We had to pull over with the toilet paper. Yeah. But I don't know what to say. And then men do need to get checked up more because this is what annoyed me. It's not really an army, but I don't know what's like an American, but here in a stray even with men's sport wherever it be. Rugby here. Yeah. Cricket. Every time there's a cricket on there's like a national pink day. And it's the mayor sports for the way primotis breast cancer and cervical cancer. And what is women's heat is when I'm like, men have just as many cances too. But yet emphasis is always put on the women's cances. And even breast cancer is bad. It is. It's not the number one killing cancer. I get to say number one cancer. It makes women feel bad if they lose a kid or something. But you know, there's other cances out that there's a worse it's like women. Keep your cances for your own sport. It's like even commercials on TV. You know, men get problems down there. But all we got to see is, you know, you know, these bashing earfucking ads third fucking decent shit. Oh, we got to see these ads for, oh, use your lead repats. It has wings. Yeah. You know what they tell men all the men would bring the prostate cancer? Leave it. Don't get it. Anyway, just leave it to slow grown cancer. They don't even, they don't even operate on these guys. But every commercial on TV is about women's problems with their vaginal itches with their periods. You know, what came on to best these ultra-solving pads you can wear. That's like, what about men? Men might have a discharge down there. Have that put some commercials on TV. But even the cancer ads, you know, there's this particular cancer. It's about, let me get found, sir. And stuff like that. But there's always women's cancer because women listen women that. Fuck. That's the thing. The take home messages, whether you're male or female, as you got to get your call and ask me, I'm actually a teacher. I'm 52. I really should have gotten one earlier. I don't have colon cancer. My family, although there are other cancers. But I put it off. And so I'm going to get it done. And it's ironic. I had it scattered already before I even found that about Chad with Boseman. But I highly recommend that everyone, if you're over the age, I think of what's it's a 50-year-old or if you have a family history of it, you should get a bit 40 years old. Go get one with peace of mind. This way, if you got some polyps growing in the ex. A lot of people will have benign polyps. They'll clip them out. They remove them when they go in there. And then you don't have to worry about them turning into cancer. That's what? How do you say that? If I remove my polyps, that's Steve's ripping on the inside. All right. He likes to take out messages from the Vasinkial ads, from the period ads, and all these other things that women have that take out messages. They got a lot of fucking issues down there. That's my HACO message. And they got a lot of issues up to you too. But that's wearing. You're really getting us a lot of trouble bags. All the women are going to hate us now. Luckily, none of the women listen to our show. That's the only thing we need some video goes up on YouTube. We won't have Libra as a sponsoring ad coming on our way through. Yes, that's in nice and yellow. I'd called me up last week. They wanted to do a sponsor the show. And now you blew it for us. So all you can do is, all I like to say is, remember women, do your breast chicks, check for lumps, men do the same down here. Check for lumps, have a squeeze, have a squeeze, and you steal it around. Here, check for lumps. I'm deep in love with another installment of Iron Rage.