Old School Body Building Clothing Company. If it's been three and a half hours since you last ate protein, now you're starting to freak out, you are old school. If watching someone sit on a hammer machine for five minutes between sets playing with their phone, pisses you off, you are definitely old school. Welcome back to Iron Rage. I'm Dave Palombo and I'm here as always with Leap. Where is Leap? MIA missing in action. Well, we'll find him. We was here earlier. I think he went to take a dump. He might have to, you know, and you got to go, you got to go. Too much fiber lies, I guess. Now today's show is going to be an interesting one because you've heard of postpartum depression, women giving birth and then being depressed. Well, there's something known as post-contest depression. That's right. After people work their butts off, they sacrifice, they die it, they probably lose their job, they break up with their relationship, the show is over, they got the trophy in hand, and then what? They're depressed, they don't know what to do with themselves. I want to ask Leap Priest if he ever comes back to his chair over there. What was his solution? I know what his solution to post-contest depression was. It was to eat buckets of Kentucky fried chicken back in the day. But I want to ask him now if he was doing it all again, Leap. If you competed again, I'm talking about post-contest depression. How did you come back? When the show was over, you had your trophy in hand, you didn't have a job, you had your bills were behind. Now, your reality of your situation was back. You had to try to get back, your relationship back, because you broke up with your girlfriend. How did you get over the post-contest depression? Jesus, you'll bleak. I never broke up with a girlfriend during the contest. I'm not going to ask Leap Priest because he never took a tremble on that's why. If you were to take a tremble on you would have broken up with your girlfriend. I never used tremble on a twice year, but no, get ready for a contest. I never got depressed. I was always so happy because I'm like, the show's almost over. I can go back to eating. I don't have to take gear. This is fantastic. So as soon as the show was over, I was the happiest I've ever been. I was never depressed. You didn't feel like a, oh, it's such a late day. What do I do now? I don't have to do cardio twice a day. I don't have to do gym. No, nothing I found hard was knowing what to eat because for those 16 weeks, it's like I have to do it this time. I have to do it that. So the morning after the show, I wake up and I go, what's going to have to breakfast? I'm like, I've got too many choices now. I don't know what to eat. I'm like, okay, okay, okay, pop fruit loops, lucky charms. What will I have? It's really no for the first week or two. You probably know that you did it yourself. Of course you look so good. You're trying to hang on to it because you're not. It's like I've still got veins. I'm still looking for and you're trying to hang on to the better. Third week you're like, the veins are going. Oh, fuck it. You studied whatever you're carrying me over. You're trying to hold on to that little bit of shape for a while. You know how like when you go for your first like real meal, see? All right, the next the eight that night, but then you go and then you're like, I'm going to go to the breakfast buffet at the hotel from where the contest was. You go down there, you get you cup of coffee. You're almost trying to emulate what you've been doing the whole contest. And then you're like, hmm, that don't it looks pretty good there. I can actually eat that. You know, those pancakes and that syrup. And then before you know it, you're you're sick to your stomach, right? Oh, yeah. All right. So I just have one bite. I just have a little bit. Then you have a bit more. And I try to avoid the buffet after a contest for that reason because you're full. But your mind's like, you haven't had it for so long. Go have it. Go have this and then you sit there and you're waiting. Like maybe I'll just wait a bit longer. You do a little bit of a bird. Oh, I got a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit. Oh, go with the gills. You go to your, you get your start with it. Like you said, the doughnut sour and a croissant sort of little apple strut or things and you load your plate up and you sit there and you're like, now I've got on the plate. I've got a try and eat it. Oh, you just feel I bacon. Yeah. I was always at the mindset that once it shows over, I was so excited to get back to the drawing board to start working on my weaknesses and putting muscle on and now that I can eat, that I was super excited. But I have clients that when they've done competing, the first couple of weeks they're all right. But then as they see their conditioning started to deteriorate, they start to flating a little bit because they're going off the drugs. They start getting like depressed and then all of a sudden they disappear and I'm not like hearing from them. I'm not getting updates and then three months later, I get an update and they look terrible. And then they're like, oh, I was depressed. I didn't know what to do. And not all my clients. I love them a very hyper focused like I was. But there are people like that who get very depressed after their show when they see their their bodies changing. What do you suggest? Like what advice, what words of wisdom can you give the people who might fall into that category to keep them in a state where they're actually in a good mood and that they can actually refocus themselves? It's in a talk in the meadow. Even your ask me me, so what is it? I am. That's because you're that's because you're how old are you now? You're almost 50 years old. I am. Happy birthday, by the way. I'm getting wise. Happy happy birthday. I think you can just focus on something because like I said, when you get ready for a contest, like you said, your mind is so focused on you got to do cardio, you got to prep your meals, you got to train your mind. So physically occupied with so many things leading up to a show that when it's over, you're like, what do I do now? It's almost like when you're a little kid and Christmas is coming. You're so excited. Christmas is over. You're like, yeah. And then it's like, do you, if you don't do good at the contest or if you're young, can you get shit Christmas presents, you're like, oh, that was shit. You got to focus on something. You got to focus on something. You got to focus on something. You got to focus on something. You got to focus on something. You got to focus on my training or what I needed to do. As long as you can find something to do because a lot of the pros, especially when all you do is sleep, eat and train. Right. Fileting up to a show, you're so busy that when it's over like you said, if you're training the morning, you got to gym early. You're trained for two hours. You get home at 9 a.m. there you are. What do I do now? I've got to rest at a day. Watch TV. I'll go for a walk. No, I won't go for walk. That's too much cardio. I'll just take in that. So I said, you go from like a hundred miles an hour down there. Oh, almost put the brakes on. But I think it actually today, it might be better for some guys because now having social media, you can occupy yourself with Instagram, doing podcast and that sort of thing has a so much more to do now back in our day when the show is over. And I think it's like, well, I've read that Flex magazine. I have to wait another four weeks till you magazine. I can't do that. I'm going to go to the movies. I'll just go and hang out or because I lived in Venice. I said, it's such a great time back then with what approach at the gym. Like we like John said before, a lot of guys who weren't training, you just go to the gym to talk to people with CP. Right. We'll go to the firehouse and hang out at the firehouse and because there's always pros and people in there. So you're pretty much just fine things to do that way. But yeah, I can see why I said, people do just, I think as your mind, it's just so focused on that contest for a few months, it's over. It almost lost. It's almost like you need that goal. So I just find other goals to do, whether it be in business or whether whatever it is you do or whether you're like a new project, you're going to do all training other people or stuff like that. But you just got to find your focus and put that same focus out on the contest somewhere else. Otherwise, you will go mad, sit and go and, what do I do now? I'm bored or what do I do? It's like. I tell you, you hit it right on the head. There's no reason why you can't take that same focus that you had that hyper focus for the show and put it on something like doing, hey, you know what, I'm going to start a YouTube channel or if you have a YouTube channel, I'm going to dedicate myself to doing one video every single day or at least five days a week. Okay. If you don't know how to video edit, teach yourself how to video edit. It's not that hard by a program. Video take yourself doing something showing how you prepare meals, how you train. So anything at all, how you went through your contest prep and you know what, you get in the habit of putting it up every single day, even if five people watch it initially. Eventually those five people will become 10 which will become 20 which will become 50 which will become 100 and a thousand and then just before you know it, you make money on YouTube. So, well, even if you still feel yourself like in the old days you have a diary or a book to write. Now you can record long videos. You can talk about your diet, your training, what you did. Even if it's just for yourself and you put on the YouTube channel, somebody else might find that interesting and then somebody else finds interesting and they're like, hey, that's what I'm going through. That sounds good. I might try that. So, if you just do like a video diary for yourself, other people might catch on and enjoy it. So, they say to keep your busy and stuff. Like I said, you did that one when you're not bodybuilder, you're up a thing where you're doing snakes. So, if you've got a hobby, video edit, talk about that, find something interesting. Because I'm sure this day in age with the man who people are in the world, someone is crazy as something that you do. I'm sure something does like when I talk about the COVID and chew-lice, time to a coffee table. I'm sure it is. I was out there to have done that. I might not feel the only one. Thank you. I am. But maybe I'm going to start a coffee and chew-lice YouTube channel. There you go. So, you know, I see these sometimes I watch some of these YouTube videos. These are guys out there that all they do. They're whole channels devoted to how to keep your hair. All the different products out there, all the things that you do, all the tech, the hair, you know, transplants, the tattoo, the micro-tattling of the head. You know, every video devoted to hair loss. And then making a fortune, they got millions of people watching these videos. And you know, so it could be something like that. It could be a video game channel. I mean, Chris Corrmier was a big video, it could be a game guide back in the beginning. Imagine if you would have just video taped and self-playing. How many guys would have watched it, probably? Watching Chris, commenting as he's playing in the video games. Oh, they would. Yeah. Can you imagine anything you can think of today? If you type it into search engine among YouTube now, if you put anything in there, I'm sure this video about it. And now, I remember I got the Mustang and there's a couple of things. I wonder how I do that. And I got the manual there, like this, I'm like, oh, fuck, look at that. I got to read it. I'll sit in the car. You see how to change this or how to do that. And there you are, instructional video is someone describing how to do it. And there's some, like, it's easy to watch the video and try and read. Like, if you, I'm one of those people who've just shown me how to do something once, I'll pick it up like that. But if I'm reading an instruction book or someone says, take part a do-part, the do-tweet-state-that way, I'm like, fuck this. Fuckers, like, you know, if I put something together from my key or whatever, I've always got parts left over and I'm like, oh, that's legal. I just toss them all up. Yeah. She falls down inside. You know, you put something together and there's one screw left. And you know, that screw is probably necessary for something. And then you find out, you go back to the manual and you're like, oh, that was step one. You gotta take the whole thing apart now, because you can't finish the thing. That's the way that screw in the right place. I just tell my wife, that's the space screw. They always keep you space. I believe that. But I'm done the same thing. I'll put a whole cabinet to give up. And when I undo the door, eventually look at it, I'm like, you know, it's got, like, the might have the trimming on this side, but I've put on sort of wood's face and like, I had to turn that shelf around. I've got to take the sides apart. Oh, my, like I said, I've gone to step 90 step 40 steps here. One. I'm just looking to picture on the box and go, let's see how it goes. There's these reptile racks that I use for my snakes. And they cut their hybrids that they come in like, or there's like a million pieces in a box, which makes the shipping very cheap. You put the whole thing. I paid some kids to put it together. So I said, you know what, when I went to buy the next rack, I said, you know what, there's another company that makes very similar high quality racks, but they come all together, but the shipping's way more expensive because it's all together. I'm like, I don't care. I bought those racks, because I just don't want to put it to, I don't want to put the stuff together. I don't have any time. It's not time as money as I always say. But you know what, you know, that the trick is that if you're good at putting stuff together or doing things, make instructional videos, those guys who make those instructional videos, those videos get millions of hits. And you might have times of videos. You can make a lot of residual income from YouTube, you know? We're not even that. If you're good at doing stuff like that, I know where you got people here, because everything you buy these days, you got to put the game you got to put the give up, just like these guys coming around there, it's just like there, fixing the wheel on the car. I went ahead and look at it. He's almost done. I'm like, I can't even see where the scratch was. But there's people like that, like the sort of like, any amount of this one called, that husband's something or whatever, like these guys, like a handyman, but it's business, like a husband name, then they click the husband or something. So any job you need, he comes around, like a handyman, and there are people here when they got a business where if you buy it, type us, because there's a lot of old people or women who don't have the tools, so you just call these people up, and they'll come around and put it all together for you. And stuff like that. So they travel to the US, I need him. I need his number. By the way, I live in Florida. What's happened to your bunk beds, I haven't heard about the bunk beds. The bunk beds got returned. I got news that they, I bought a bunk bed from rooms to go. That was two tall. I have a huge staircase. They can't get up to staircase. I'm thinking, they can't get up my staircase. Then there's no way they get it up anyone else's staircase. So a twice the came broken. The third time they came broken and they couldn't even get up to step. So my wife just said, you know what? Take it all back. We don't want it. So we give it back. Kids are bumping. I have to sleep in bed. So my son, you know, I said, has a map up on the floor now. He's sleeping on. Just tell you, kid, the light is trending. Everyone's got little tents in there. They're just like camping. Just sleeping. He'd rather sleep than that. Believe me. I told him it's because you're not behaving yourself. That's all you have to send the bunk bed back. Which is not, which is not something. Can you get one of those rice carpets? You know, a nice sleep. That's like a rice cake. He has a captain America bed, but it's a little twin bed. He wanted a bigger, he wanted the bunk bed. So we can climb and break his neck. You know, don't talk about captain America. I saw that latest edition on July 4th. Where captain America is saying the American dream isn't real anymore. And that's all alive. You've actually made captain America comic the last one. Political saying the American dreams of wow. Oh, I didn't see that. Oh my god. Did you do the edition of, um, this was when the woke crowd was coming out. There was an edition of Superman, even where Superman saw the guy about his allegiance to America. Because you know, he's the fight for truth, just as the American way. Right. He didn't believe in America in a more and the right time. The Chinese way now. Now he went to join the UN. He was fighting for the UN instead of America. I'm like, why do people play the size of comic books? I didn't even know the name still. The comic books are still being produced on a regular basis. But that's funny. Yeah. So kids still read. That's good to know. I am glad to hear that. They look at the pictures. Yeah. Yeah. If I was, you know, if I was an artist of death, I'm an ad track artist. I'm not a, if I draw those, those those comic book characters, man. I don't know. I probably would never leave my house. I'd be drawing, if I was like Jerry back and could draw the stuff that he does, I'd be breaking murals on the side of buildings and stuff like that because that's a true talent. That's, there's a couple, there's this two types of talent that I'm very jealous of. And I don't think, because I don't know if I, if I could ever achieve the level of what some of these people have, people who can have amazing artists who can basically look at something and draw it and people who have that, you know, the musical gift when they can just play anything. So you can say, hey, play this or make something up and they can just go, and it's like, you know, it's amazing. You know, that's a gift. I've got a friend like that. I've got a friend like that. He can't read music, but if he play him a song, he could sit in the piano or whatever and just copy it. That's a gift. That's a gift. Yeah. Jimmy the bulls like that. I like that. Even singing. I think if you hear it like when I was natural, the gifted singers, but I think magic just happened that talent way if you're like an Elvis or a Michael Jackson or someone way, you're on stage. You know what I want to say? Like, it's a bodybuilder. I want to say, imagine being a singer with hundreds of thousands of people just listening to you singing. You got to be in the palm of your hand. Well, if I had to come back in my next slide, the rock, I would definitely want to be a rock star. Those guys have had the best life. Even though they're a little nuts and they do a lot of drugs, most of them back in the day. I mean, I'm like, I'm like, bodybuilder, so I'm like, the problem with the problem is that most of these prodigies, especially like, you know, they die young and fortunately because they're too gifted. They're too gifted. I listen to a radio show the other day. And I went right on off. I think it was like Hendrix, was it or someone else, but there was like six or seven of them who all died at 27. Well, just from all 27 years old, they all died. That's why we have to be in the number. I think even Amy White has just 27. Yeah. It's like, you know, you're coming in the right. It's her Cobain. Yeah, it was 20. It was 27. Yeah, it's like this magic. Come on. Unbelievable. Yeah. I mean, you live a hard life. I mean, but a lot of singers are troubled. That's why. There's a lot of bodybuilders are troubled. But then we have, but now we have what he's now in who is a key fruitchid to steal. Yeah, he might be, I think he's been dead his whole life. That's what the problem. That's why he can't be killed, you know. Well, you don't, I'm sorry, I mean, I think, look at the ones that the ones like are on the shooters still going. Sounds great. Trilling. Triple H told me that he was very good friends with Lenny from Motorhead. If you remember that the, you know, I am the game, you know, that was the, Lenny made that for that song specifically for Triple H to walk out to and Triple H told me when he went to see him, he was living like a rock star to the day died. He's still drank and smunked. He refused to do anything to change anything about his lifestyle. He lived that rock style lifestyle. And he lived a long time. He wasn't a young guy. And he, to the day he died. He lived it, you know. Who's better? The notice I've seen people, I've seen people who live that life, you're in drugs and drinking and stuff. And they live, it's like, if you think how do you someone do that not die, but then I've seen them, they get in their six years ago. I've had a clean up my act. They went, they, they died. Yeah. Is when they died. Yeah. Well, that's what Lenny, Lenny thought, you want to, that's preserving you. Lenny thought that's right. He said, if I start the drugs, I'll probably die. So I'm so used to them, you know, that, hmm. It looks like people are drinking alcohol and they'll stop drinking it. And it's like, it's because they're like, sort of a dick to do it. It's like, I'll get the shade. The Z-T of get sick. It's like, if they, if they, if they don't, they just, when they drunk, but they just continually drink each day, they sort of keep some normal. They bought these used to. Yeah. It's so much like the tickling themselves. But it's fine. My father when he went to get his hip replacement done, you know, they have the question, now you gotta fill out. And you know, they ask you, do you drink, you know, how often, how much, so he wrote a bottle of wine. So they, so when they're looking at, they're like, oh, sure you drink a bottle of wine a week. He's like, no, I drink a bottle of wine every night. It's tough. Or every day, you know, throughout the day. And they're like, you're not a hog. He's gonna get the, he's gonna go get the DTs. And my father was fine. He had no, my father could stop and start drinking. He was like, cause he only drank wine really. It would not affect him one bit. He could take it or leave it. It was the one. He had his people, cause they're like, they're like, what are you calling like functioning at the heart, where somebody could drink a certain amount and be drunk as a scum, and these people can drink and just function as normal. We wouldn't even know that they had a drink, unless they got blue and dual breath testing device. And you see, wow, you're out of the lens, but they talk normal, they walk straight line. You wouldn't even know that they had a drink, but if we, if we drank the same, we'd be like, oh, we'd be fucked in the stock town of our mind. Yeah, exactly, but anyway, so the bottom line is guys, when you do a contest and you're done with the contest, immediately divert that same energy with putting into the contest, into something else that you find interesting, something productive, use it to your advantage. We have a tremendous tremendous ability to make your own world, to make your own living, to make a lot of money without even leaving your house, just by putting videos up, social media, nurture that. It's a gift that you guys are being given. We didn't have that. We had to try to get suppled and contract back in the day. We had to try to get, you know, magazine, you guys don't have to depend on anyone, you don't have to answer to anyone except yourself, you could make your own living. Don't be depressed. Even the off season, even though it's called off season, you can still treat your off season like your contest, because you're still trained twice a day or once a day. I know the off season, I was bad at it. I never watched my meals, but even off season, you can still prep the off season, because I find, this is probably where I lost some, I could have been better in the off season, I was gonna just ate anything at eight when I wanted to. But if you're about that same regiment at off season as you do, contest and still eat five, six meals in your off season, but more calories and still get in the right proteins, you can still treat and still have that same focus and make your off season almost like contest prep, and that is your off season prep to make those gains for the quality when you dive back down for your next show, because when off season comes for me, it was off everything. I know, you know, you were off your regular. I think like what is, it's been like, what are you having today? I'm like, oh, whatever the stuff that McDonald's had cooked in me. Ah, ha ha ha ha. You know, I ate McDonald's every day, but I also had, but my cooked all my other meals and a very regimented had my shakes and everything like that. So, you know, you can have flexibility in your diet, but you could also, you should have structure to it, because otherwise you're not gonna make the gains you want. Exactly. All right, let's wrap this thing up, Lee. Thank you. If you guys, if you want to see this week, I guess coming up, we're, I don't know, when we're gonna air it, we did two episodes of Iron to Bate, Lee Priest, myself, King Kamali, Mila Sarsha, and Melvin Anthony, you guys are not gonna want to miss this, do episodes. When we did the last bit there, we were talking about Kale again. As we're talking and she'd talk in about it, you want to see, I think every company is gonna be flat Kale with you guys. Oh, of course. Of course. I could just need to come in tomorrow. What you think you can win back there? No. No. Well, I got, I can promise you that the episode had, there was, there was a lot of strong opinions given. That's I'll leave us at that. And Lee, thank you for waiting for all these. I miss Melvin. What? I miss Melvin's opinion on showing Ryan the beginning. Yeah, I know the first, I'm gonna be the first person to get the phone call from showing Ryan now, but look Melvin was, you know, wanted to talk about it. And you know, I'm friends with Melvin, so I gave him the ability to talk about it. I'm just upset. I'm gonna have a crying at it. Sure. I was just talking about me. And he was talking a bit. Oh. I thought I thought Sean and I were tied. But I was like, you were pretty quiet. I got it. I, you didn't even get a word in edgewise on that one. That conversation. I'm just listening. I was just listening. I like hearing other people talk about Sean. If I sat there, I was just like, I'll eat eight Sean stuff. I like hearing other people's stories about Sean and stuff. Yeah, Lee was very patient on that interview. All right, we're gonna wrap this up guys. Plus I did leave. I did leave the drawing my wife to work. I didn't mean to say, yes, you didn't mean to say that. I didn't even, I didn't even know you were gone until you texted me. I didn't believe how quiet you got in there. So. Yeah. It's nice, it's nice to know what miss. She must work around the corner, or something like that. You got back very quickly, you know. Yeah. She does. She's just down the road, David. Oh. There's a park you got to go through in this park. So I didn't want to walk in through the park. I didn't want to get in right through anything. So. What? What if I was. What if thoughtful husband you are walking your wife to work? If anyone's going to rape my wife, I'm going to be rude. And plus the park is dark. If they go to rape, they're hacking over court. There's no lighting. Jesus. And I don't have to think. And I don't have to think. Until next week, I'm Dave Aloma with Lee, please for another installment of Iron Rage.