I'm Dave Palombo, founder of Species Nutrition. I created Species Nutrition with one mission in mind. To provide body builders and serious athletes with no-nonsense supplements that work and are backed by science. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body. And that lives on in the Species Nutrition line of products. We use only top-of-the-line formulations, toast from maximum results and the best flavoring systems available. I've put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition products. If you want to be your absolute best, join the evolution. You're fine. So if I sit, like I sit, like I sit, be like my tail, or from shit. Welcome back to Iron Ray. I'm Dave Palombo and I'm here with our newest astronaut who's heading to the planet Mars. Come January, he's just trying on his suit that he received in the mail from our 3D printer guy. Lee, when do you guys leave for the planet? I'm complaining on July, July 2nd. So that way we can hope to be in our space and celebrate the 4th of July from our space. We space here allowed the travel as there's no code that in our space so we're allowed to go ahead. Oh, mask, you don't need to wear a mask in other words. I'm just a helmet. Just a helmet when I go on my space walks in case I have to fix up any panels on the SpaceX. But yeah, so I'm just trying it on. You've got to get a feel for it. How it goes. There you go. But yeah. That's what you like, too. Have you tried out any of those anti-gravity, you know, those zero gravity machines with either to the you take it up. They take us up in that plane. Notice known as the vomit comet. What a pity. Yeah, why? Then they drop it down really fast and we float around. Yeah. I just didn't make sure here. And what I got, I got one of these things here. Oh, you got one too, massage it. There you go. Yeah, my friend, can you see how a vibe rates like that? Yeah. I screwed on it. I see it on it. Yeah. And then I got a kiss. It's just like, it's just like simulating title. Right. That's right. You're trying to see if you can handle the vibrations of takeoff. Oh, sorry. Now when you get to the red, I meant the red plant. I said the blue plant. But when you get to the red plant, how are you guys going to survive? Do they have any plans for in terms of setting up like, you know, colonies and domes or anything like that? I'm glad you asked. I'm glad you asked. I'm with had extensive phone calls and talks with Matt Damon. And he's told us to precisely how to use our poop. The, um, make plants and inhabitant. And the food, the food, we've been speaking to, um, cabbries and cabbries just given us thousands and thousands of miles bars. So we're going to, we're going to actually between the miles bars and the milky ways. Yeah. Yeah. Now I understand also that you have to in order to go into space. You have to have perfect vision. So I understand you went underwent your cornea surgery yesterday. It seems like you're doing pretty well one day after surgery. Well, where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Yes. Yes. It's just a little bit. I've got a contact in at the moment. Yeah. They had to do that. But what was that episode of final destination? That's what I was thinking about when I did that. I showed you a final destination. And the labor went straight through their head and their head exploded. Yeah. You know, once I put that metal clip and they wind your eye open and then the laser comes down, you're like, no, don't move your head and you can smell it burn, which is cool. But then I was getting this like anything in my eye when I get tattooed and make something be twitched. So I'm trying to, I'm trying to sneeze like this. Oh, the laser's got to pick it up. If I sneeze, okay, breathe. Right. I have to imagine that it's a, it's a little nerve wracking to have like, a laser blasting your eye. And you have to sit there and kind of say, I hope these guys know what they're doing. I hope they know what they're doing. You know, you know, you're helpful with some of us, you know. Yeah. Well, they're always telling you, you know, they've got a sign that I bet it was that small chain something that could go wrong. He could go blind. Yeah. I think for myself, what are the odds that would happen to me? They're pretty fucking hard. Because I have a cataract in one eye. I have one bad eye because I got hit with a rock when I was a young kid. So I have a cataract luckily it's in the bad eye. It's not in the good eye. But if I had to have the good eye operated on, I would be a little nervous because, you know, I kind of see mostly from the good eye, you know. So, you're basically going to go sailing with your head. You got that in your eye. Did you say, did you say you had a cataract in your eye? I have a cataract in your eye. Yes, I have a cataract. And luckily I have a blue eye. So it's like, you know, I go sailing in the sea. Yeah, the blue sea. So. I spent on having a book about back a wrecking your eye. That's right. Hey, now, so instead, one of our fans said to picture of you to me. And they said, I don't know if you've ever seen this, but it's hanging in my gym. I texted you the picture to be a Facebook. I don't know if you've seen it, but let's put the picture up the Tyler. I don't know. It looks like you got to be about 18 years old here. Do you see the picture? No. It's like you working. You look like a blacksmith almost. I don't know. Let me, let me look at my good eye. You don't see nothing. Is it like a photo shoot picture? It was a photo shoot picture. You have looks of dirt on your face and on your chest. It almost looks like a David Paul, but I don't, it's not a David Paul picture. No, that was from my friend Carl Hintzel. Hands on your hands. The master of muscle photography on his Instagram page. If you check him out, he's got tons of, but that was actually 19. That was over if the doc yards were, what doctorates in Australia and Calcutta. Yeah, Newcastle here with the doc yards where the ships coming in. I mean, that's a great picture of you. It looks like I got a job, doesn't it? Yeah, almost, almost as you got a job. You're really young, but this gives it people an idea of how, I mean, you had a really well-developed physique at 19 years old. It's crazy how much muscle maturity you had at such a young age. No one has that. No, I was ahead of my time. I was from the future. That's why I've spaced out now and gone back to my home planet. Once we get to Mars, we'll hope and see if we can make it the crypt on just a bit further out. There you go, I got you. Also, another fan sent me a picture of you with Paul DeLat, which if you look at that picture, do you know that picture? Put that one up the tile. Is that with my tight zone? Let me see, hold on. I got a little like, yes, yeah, you were tight. You look like you're about 12 years old in that picture. Yes, I would have been 20, that's when I first got to Gold's roughly. That's where Paul's sitting down, he's got his hand there around me. Yeah, yeah. That's when I had him moving off that Adam became the lovers. Ah, I see. Now those, those, those, those, those, those, Pete Taita, those like high skins or what, what were those? That's been. And I would have been hot skin jet and the bum bag. Yeah, bum bag on. You got all the, all the, all the 90s, uh, paraphernalia on there. And my wearing a gold, it's Jim Toppa, who's never totally awesome, shit, similar. I think I got gold. That's the gold, Jim showed private ad currency, you're right. It's got pink riding. See how I'm color-court and they didn't really call it. Yeah. And you notice too, when you wear those tights, you can bum bags that aside, you got a tuck. You got a tuck, you don't have, you don't have this plug. You don't have to go into the side, if you lay in the benches and go, it's saying you don't have to people walking past go. Ooh. Right. I told you that story once did I want to steal the leg curls and I had white tights on you know, probably the worst color to weigh, white so I still have the leg curls and I did. Oh, Lee, stop it, stop it, Lee. I'm like, what? I still have the leg curls in that second room. Yeah. Oh, you turn it on me, I'm late, turn the round. That's Chris, they can, Mister Olympia, more than so. I got hit on by Mr Olympia. Yeah, he's a jack on a rabbit. Yeah, Chris is getting a Chris's game, we have what knows that. But, that's funny. You never wore white tights again after that again. Oh, never, it's not a never got gay for the party, but I got hit on the bit. Oh, that's funny. That's funny. That was just trying to take the band, you got my thinking. We're getting some free out of this going. Was he feeling out, like to see if, you know, You know, testing the waters there. Yeah. Oh, actually, is actually really good seniors in a Chris Dickinson. Great. Very good senior. Actually, I think he said something to me once when I was visiting Gold 2. And I didn't, I didn't get it. But then someone else told me afterwards and he was getting out. Yeah, we're ready on my head. Yeah, I was very nice. I had done the use day when he walked up and said, Dave, I like the fuck you in the house. What did he say? I thought he said, I want to spot you in the, I don't know. I don't know. All right, let's, I want to get your opinion on some things. We had some bodybuilding actually occurring this past week and which is amazing because the season has been so pathetic because of this COVID thing. Nick Walker won the North American Championships at 5 foot 70. It was about 247 pounds on stage. The guys in absolute free. What is your assessment of this video? Do you like this physique? Do you think this guy's going to go far? I know you predicted that Huddle or Brad, I might win the Olympia. Where do you think Nick Walker fits into the scheme of things that 26 years old? I think you look straight. Hey, you look, I said muscle mass wise. You look straight. You still got the good symmetry. You hasn't got that stomach bloated or anything at the moment. So the main thing, the main thing with him, well, I can see is if he just does it smart and doesn't try and push the envelope too fast too quick. He should go far because sadly we've seen a couple of young kids come in looking like that and after a couple of years trying to go too hard to crazy and over a fuck up or die. So I think it does it smart. He's got the great genetics there and everything else in place. So he didn't keep his head on straight and have a few smart people around him and they don't go crazy. He should do well. He's still like, that's sort of different. It's when I think when I was 25, I think I've probably been training since 13. My muscle had a bit more mature look. So once it gets that muscle maturity, I talk about it. Now he's big and freaky but he still doesn't have that real. You know, you get a hold of that mature look to you and a good density mature look. So I think that will come with time. But yeah, I see him, you know, instead of you stays the course and does it the smart way. You know, in a couple of years time there's no reason why he keeps progressing. Why he couldn't be up there in the top freaky Olympia. Yeah, he reminds you almost of a Mike France, why type physique? I mean, just a powerful physique and you know it, the guy lifts low volume heavy weight. He was telling me he can show the press behind the net for 15, a four or five for reps, like six reps or eight reps. I think I could do that. I said, that one is your arm. That's the two four plates behind the net. Did you really? Wow. And now she had I tried it. Oh, this has before my neck operation. I just tried one plate behind the net. Because you know, we always just do everything behind the net. Like crashes behind the net. Who dance behind the net? Yeah. Now he was trying to do a foot heavy behind the net. You can't even, you can't even flex your body into that position. Any hard to get there. He's been to back at the head. Don't. But I never had because people always said I'll do it at the behind. They're doing presses behind you get shoulder problems. I never had a shoulder problem. As soon as I started doing everything to the front, I had fucking shoulder problems. Yeah. You know, it is, I told, I would Nick Walker and I was talking about this. Everyone's body is biomechanically a little different. So for one person, what might be the greatest exercise of all time. For the next person might be the worst exercise. They don't feel it. It hurt. They get injured doing it. I never understood how guys can do front squats. I mean, I had really powerful legs. But when I would put that bar across my shoulders, it just, I had been, it was just two, my shoulders hurt more than my legs hurt. So I couldn't do it. I didn't run any Coleman do 600 pounds, you know, front squats. I got up to five plates front squat. And you had to put on my head with that. Well, as well as doing five plates was more like the breathing. Because because the weights pushing here, it's almost like, yeah. Right. That's what I'm saying to say, I think, to go idea the date, the gym about body mechanics. Because I was doing some legs and there's on the leg, which is like, where should I have my legs, should I have them up and be the whole A here? Here I said, look, as long as you can feel your chords work and put them ways comfortable for you. I said, me, because I'm sure that minor bit lower. You might need your super higher. I said, look, everyone's going to have an opinion like up here. Out here in close to out right. I said, just put them where you feel as long as you're doing the exercise. Correctly, and you feel it in the chords. That's how you do it. It's like, oh, so you see trainers when someone's doing leg curls. Sometimes people, because of their natural body mechanics, like you said, if they're doing leg curls, they'll back my just come up a little bit. They're still working their hands. Right, right, right, right, right. But then I'll see this personal trainer's push down on the back. Yeah, I'm doing down. I think just that sort of compression why they're trying to, because I just, if you're not cheating and you're doing the exercise properly, just let your body go in. It's natural range of motion, you know? So you're 100% right. You've got to find your own groove essentially is what you're saying. Because if you don't, like, you know, I always said that, you know, it's good to switch up exercises and foot positions and something like that. But if you squat on a normal regular basis, 500 pounds for say, and you put your feet wide and you squat normally. And then some guy comes to the gym and says, oh, you should really go an hour or a hour. And then you're going to get more sweep or whatever. And then you try to do the same weight. You're going to hurt yourself because your body's not used to that groove. You've changed the groove. You've got to lighten the weight and build up to that again. So don't, you know, it's good to vary your exercise form and something that, but if you're used to doing things one way and then you decide you're going to change it. Don't go and try to do the same thing that you've been doing for the last six or six. So it's like you said if someone's doing like the squats in there or or stays in some guys all go wide, not they go wide. They're the same weight all of a sudden. They're the fucking order fucking inner part of the thighs and fucking homies get. Yeah, we want to want to. Yeah, absolutely. Now, let's, let's take a step over to the New York pro, which took place in Tampa, Florida. Also this past week in Ian Valier, redeemed himself from the Tampa, lost to Huntel Abrauder and went here. Did you like the, the quality made on Ian winning that show? And what's the take of the other rest of the top five? Uh, in look bed, let me did it the other show. Ian, I'll give him that, but he's 10, he's 10 still looks shitty to me. I don't know what he's using for 10, he needs to switch it up with every second. Yeah, I agree. But then, um, even better than he did before, but still I don't know. I think maybe a year ago, seeing him look better. But I think that Rodriguez and Max Charles got heavily overlooked or something. And it was, yeah, I'm just going by photos and from the comparison photos. Rodriguez was second, wasn't he? Yes. I would have probably had him first. And I know some people come at you, but look at the quads. Look at the quads on Rodriguez. Okay, they're not maybe. Ian's have that bit more flare on the outside, but then when you look down at their foot position, they both stand different, their feet. Ian's a bit more outside, they look more flied, but you know, Rodriguez doesn't have shitty quads. Okay, Ian's might be a little bigger. Well, you know what I've seen guys with bigger quads get second and third. Ian doesn't really have any fucking calves. Rodriguez has a bit of a calf. So he's got one up on him, but when you put all the other poses together, I just think Rodriguez looked better overall and more completely in the lat's spread. Okay, Ian's wide in the lat's spread. But when he's doing it, it's like his chest is very flat and stuff like that, whereas Rodriguez just seen more complete and full and better conditions. So and then Max Charles, I think he looked definitely. He looked like he got over. Look, they would have had. Look at how it have easily had Max up in the top three. Well, I'm going to say, I'm going by third, and see, I'm not there. So I can't see what's happening and stuff. Well, me and I have a meltdown over this because me and I did his diet and I guess in me and I have this stuff about, you know, Max being overlooked and everything, which is, you know, I mean, you can make a case for it. I wasn't there, so it's hard for me to make a ball. Yeah, I'm going to say, well, it does every day, but just going by the photos and I've read a couple of comments from people that were there, you know, all consensus was, look, he and did look great. He looked at that and before, but a lot of people didn't seem to even have Ian winning even though he, okay, he looked good, but yeah, I just think the other guys just look more complete, more polished, just seeing from his previous show, yeah, who's 100% better, but still, I don't think he was at his best. Like, you know, as far as that grainy hardness super, super riploc were as Max Charles, you know, he, he looked really good and stuff and, well, then I don't know what happened to, I saw the photos of, what's his name? What do you think of his name? What's Arthur? He looked good, he looked good, but I think he needs to be a little bit harder. Yeah, he could be a tailor for sure. But what's his name? Oh, every time I look at him, he reminds me of a fucking bulk drop, a muscular line or richie. Patrick Moore, that's him. Patrick Moore, that's where he is. Yeah, you're right. He's like a line or richie, look at him. He's like, he's got muscular. Yeah, but the funny thing was, he looked great, you know, I guess, on Instagram or Facebook, a couple of weeks out, everyone looks fantastic, but I think he looked better a couple of weeks a week or so out, there's an on stage, he looked good, but he just seen the, I don't know, he just looked like he got water, it was the lighting too or not, but he just looked watery from the pictures I saw. He just didn't have that dryness. He had like that picture. What's their picture of him with Chris Cicita? Well, someone would have been the long way where he had his arm out like this. Yeah. And it was all great and fucking, looked fucking messy, even then the day to show you like, whatever. What can fucking do? Right. Chris, what'd you do? It's like, however he looked on that day, fucking putting him in the show like that, don't change shit. That's what I don't understand what his people were going to do this or drop you water or add these things like, don't do fucking shit. Yeah, you're fucking fucking awesome stage. So you got to fucking do some people, you got it, you can dehydrate the hell out of Lee and they just get better and better. And then other guys, if you dehydrate them too much, they lose all that wow, you know. So you got to stay around with work. I think he's really hard, I think he's just a little smaller than these other guys. He's still needs more size. Probably, but he probably should have taken the whole year off and just grown, you know. Yeah, but even if you're smaller, it doesn't matter. I know, I saw some comments too, where people like, well, we've got Regus. You know, he's not as big as Ian, well, yeah, you know, this never think it, but that means shit, if you're in shape and you look great, you know, you should win the best man on the day should win. And I don't want to hear well, some people are probably looking at him thinking, next week or the week after he's going to be a lot better. Well, guess what, this eight, the week after, it's not too weak slater. That's fucking today. Judging Harry looks today and OK, Broderie, this was a little small. I think that means shit, I was one 99 when I won the scene for Ian and Chris was 260, that second, wait, doesn't matter. If someone's in fucking shape, they should win the fucking show. Right. Because I remember even once before when Flex wanted to show, then Lonnie was talking some of the judges and I was listening, they're like, oh, yes, but you know, he'll look better next week. OK, he might look better next week, but fucking today's the eye. Me, he touched him. OK. Not like I'm looking into my crystal ball next week. Oh, he has starations next week and that's OK. We're giving him first today because next week he's going to look good. Right. It's like, but I have next week. And we're ever saying today on the day, it looks the best. Fucking, that's how it should be playing and simple. No, you're right. Yeah, you have to, you have these guidelines, OK, maths, OK. They're like, what are judging for maths? OK, what that is, one of the judging criteria is, and so it's fucking conditioning, so symmetry and all this other shit. You've got to judge on all those things combined. And sadly, it seems like, you know, people say, all glutes, glutes, glutes, and this, and that, and look at their hammies. You ever even noticed, they got, well, look at the quads on him, look at the hammies on him. Have you ever heard anyone say, look at the fucking calves? What's happened to calves? You come to me as well, just fucking city wheelchairs and parks. It's like, you just come out on your knees, stand on your fucking knees. Because now, when's looking from the lower leg down? Look, I don't care if someone had massive quads, like, plats and massive hamstrings, like plats and beautiful up a body, if the guy beside him has a bit smaller quads and hamstrings, a bit of a body, but the guy beside him has got calves. I'm going to give it to him because that's the fucking complete pussy. He got a judge from the calf, sort of way up. If you would mind, I think my theory on the calves, Lee, is that because of COVID, and everyone's been training at the house, no one has a calf machine at the house. So, that unit calf machine, all my best exercises for calves, is on the back step, body weight, hundreds and hundreds of reps. That's the best. I've seen these guys put the fucking weights on the machine. They go, dance, dance, dance, dance, dance. They're not calves like this. I've seen guys who play Chris, eight plates aside, and when they do calves, they do 10 plates, I'm like, oh, you're fucking quads and his feet. Yeah, yeah. And you're a little fucking shins of moving all that way. One of my friends, he never used to weigh it all. He's calves, major 22 inches. They always look like matter arasos in that much else, but he had big calves. And all he ever did was just body weight on a stick. He do a 100 reps, they start burning, shake him, keep going. Because you look back to, when my sister did ballet, there's like, you're a lot of young guys that went to ballet. And all day, what they do on the ball of the toes, on the ball of the toes, just with their body weight, they have funny calves like this, these male ballet dancers, they're not using weight, they're just using their body weight. So, that how excuse to stay, even with COVID, you know, I don't think they got COVID, but I think they got fucking cancer in the calves. Was eating a muscle away, fucking. People are lazy, you know what happens? If I had wings, yeah, it screwed up. Because a lot of guys are lazy because they put so much in the quads, when the time they finish quads to get our calves, what they do, sandwiching the quads, hamstrings, that's why sometimes do your fucking calves first. Do your hammy's right. Do those areas that you need to fucking bring up first, give them a 100% of attention, you know, it's just like, but how hard is it to do it on time, fucking five sets of 100 reps of calves every day and a half. These guys are doing this as pros and they have weak calves. I'd buy a freaking calf machine and put it in my living room. Watch TV and do calves all day long. I mean, if that's what you like, I mean, if that's what you're passionate, you want to be the best bodybuilder, and you have weak calves, put a calf in your living room, you know? Get out, get out, get out, get out the back and get your muscles on your back and do the donkeys on the back. You're the old Arnold, you're the old Arnold Donkey calves. You can do the donkey white with your muscles on the back if you got a fat muscles, even better, extra white. And then you can be standing, standing calves, and then you can do those ones. Remember, plats and everyone used to do what you sort of squat there, like you're sitting and holding on to a pole and you just sort of... I didn't even thought about that. I'm going to try to do those. I forgot that he used to do those. Yeah, so I'm going to bring it back, guys. Bring it back. You squat down just for people who don't know. You pull the pole, like you're doing like a pole dance, and then you just kind of... Yeah. Go up on your toes. Yeah, it's almost like a seated calf just holding onto a pole. Yeah. Yeah, so it's three top exercises I've just given you to do it. Yeah, you got no excuses. No excuses for having shitty calves now. That's a name to just go. The name of this episode is Lees. Calf secrets. Turn your calves into bulls by Lee Prey. Yeah, sure. So you think Ian will do it with the Olympia? Well, we got Phil. We got Brandon. We got Flex. Give me another one. Ruin, buddy. Bonak. And they got a deed in that really embounet. I would imagine they were going to get here. Yeah, this is real. If we got Phil and we got Flex Lewis and we got Ruin, we got Bonak and we got Hunter. This five guys that are going to place ahead of him. Bonak. Yeah, what is six guys that will place ahead of him? If not, we're talking about everyone in top shape. You know, this isn't saying Ian. Dad. Dad. Dad. Dad. Dad. Dad. Dad. Yeah, absolutely just a small place for a day. What's up these days? Yeah, Sarito? So before the statistics they were colleagues and colleagues, Our퍼textered. It says in shate, yes, there is another one. Like I said, there isn't say, Ian's. Not a good bodybuilder, he is. He is, but I just think these guys in the Moss storms and the I have and the experience in the mature Moss arch has and they are all in shape. Körpery and you know, he might crack top 10. still looks like he's in that learning stage of this and that. I think we put it all together however he's going to be very dangerous. If I took it all together he's got the frame, he's got the muscle, it's just a matter of like I said before at the first show he just looked like he flattened out, this show he looks a bit full but then he's not as that hard crisp gravy looks like. You know body burning is all trial and error you know. He's just got to get it right but it just hope he doesn't think this being the Mr. Olympia. He's got to play some crazy size game and coming bigger and bigger and right. Fuck up coming in too big again so it's like you just got to find that balance and have faith in whoever's helping you and go by that mirror and just be the best you can be. Look you're your main competition who gives a shit how anyone else you stand a look on that day. You can't go by what feels going to look this way. Really is going to look this way. Just look at yourself and be your best and have someone who is honest with you and say hey Ian you look fucking great don't change anything. If you guys well what about it? Feel this and we'll be good. Fuck everyone else just go in the best you can be and just trust in that because I said if you gotta keep comparing yourself that I was in trying to you know twins your body that are trying to feed in somewhere with the other people you got to fuck it up so just be the best you can be in the satisfied. We never satisfied but whoever's helping you just say hey hey you look now don't fucking touch your being just let's stick to how you look now and don't do that like I said that last day or two hocus fucking poke us let's fucking try this and try that and I don't know what it do that it's like you know what it's like they've been dieting 16, 14 weeks your body's used to certain foods the amount of foods whatever drugs you're taking blah blah blah and now all of a sudden you think these last five days I'm going to suddenly switch on my carbs around switch on my salts around I'm going to add in these different drugs and maybe some diarrhea whole body just goes murder yeah and it just fucked up that's why I always think I always do that yeah almost but one of those photos you took David for Chris Lund because I always died at 16 weeks minimum so generally the 12 13 week mark I was in content shape I just had to hold it so any little thing I wanted to do wherever it be the chocolates and see how I look I might sort of cut my water back for the photoshoot a bit and use that photo to prove as the experiment it's like if the unexperiment doing that type of shit getting shaped early and then do it a week or two before see now how it looks because if you're been dieting 16 weeks and you think okay let's try this experiment to see how I look the last day or two before it's shown you fuck it up you'll just fuck that product preparation so try to head at time get ready early and then do it or even if you want if you do the show see how you look even if you could persevere for an extra week and fucking the pleat down a bit after the show and then try something different the week after and see how you look it's just like why you're in shape just try different things but please don't do it in the day or two before because we've seen it over and over when they post-rev pictures and you're like this guy's gonna blow everyone out the park and then zoom on stage you're like the company even blow out a fucking candle right now whatever it looks like to shit you're right very wise words from me very wise man this fucking that's a sense of how can you sound like a fucking guru scientist I was gonna say you're giving so much advice I had nothing to say I'm speechless yeah I've never heard of you give this much advice people ask you all the time what to do when you tell me I just whatever you want and now we'll see you give me a good time I'm gonna start a training program called Nessa Body Building there you go right the programs around it is world well he keeps updated hopefully you'll be able to choose the text message or maybe zoom us from Mars next week and be safe out there and when you take a shit make sure you're making sure you're attached to the toilet apparatus so it doesn't you don't send your poops into space you know if what is comes the worst day but I don't get to Mars oh cool Steve and he said we'll come to your highness okay so whatever whatever works we'll get somewhere okay that's right at least you always have your highness that's a good one I know we've got to bring in Steve people say why do you keep bringing it up because that's funny yeah and if I hit your highness might not see that black hole we're going in and I know that's wise words I'm day full of love for with lead priests for another installment of iron rage