Welcome back to another episode of Heavy Muscle Radio. Hi, I'm Dr. Paul Fajillo. Oh, that's cool. My birthday is tomorrow at a six a July, which is a bigger celebration. And now it's technically... It's a second. I was actually... See how good I am, I was actually at the gym. I just trained for now, 45. I said, you know what? I'll do some treadmill. I just turned the treadmill on and got it to the scene. Can you do the show? So I drove home to do the show. Oh, I didn't know you'd drum up. And that's very nice here. I appreciate that. You still fucking like you said, 15, 20 minutes, just 20 minutes. I went downstairs. I went downstairs, the biggest mistake is going to my snake room. I was going in for 30 seconds. My wife's like... That's an hour. She's like, yeah. She was like, yeah. She was like, yeah, yeah. She was like, one of my snakes actually had a litter. I actually had a malle. I didn't even know she was even pregnant. I just walked in there and I'm trying to just change some paper towels that were really dirty and I'm like, It's really dirty in this tub. up and the things trying to fight my hand off and they never, they know. And so usually the only time they get that defensive is when they have a litter. So I see, you know, I'm going to lift up the sidewalks. I lifted up. There's like a bunch of like there's like 10 babies under there. So I'll look at that. Well, congratulations. Warren on the floor of the joint. There we go. Everyone's going to go. We do have some birthdays in the Palombo household. I'm going to put on the tent of them. Yeah. 10 little mouths to see it again. And it's like three, uh, three wonderful kids are ready. So let me ask you this question. I'm always curious to other countries acknowledge when America has holidays more so than we, I know we don't acknowledge when anyone else has holidays, but do you guys acknowledge our holidays? I'm sure you doesn't acknowledge fucking anyone else. No, we don't get to do that. They're totally selfish, really care about ourselves. What is on the country? They're on the one. What is that? Yeah. I know that's all the Canadians have been wishing me what you've fought about, you know, happy fought July and that's pretty nice to them. They also that they shouldn't really affect them at all. Well, I get a lot of Americans wish you may have you full with July even though. When you live here for quite a while, so I guess you were. Yeah. I think when you get back to Jimmy the flat earth figure, I'm surprised that Americans even discuss it because America is probably just think there's America and nothing else. There's no earth. There's nothing. Just an ice cream. Right. Just somehow the bacteria. So I'm having Mexican people get over the ice wall, but no one else can. I don't know how to do that. America's just like an asteroid, fighting for the universe, just one country. So all of these. Oh, boy, well, we have the NPC team universe or they call it now the NPC universe. This week and where we had a lot of pro cards given that you know, I wanted to ask you about this now, you won the Navi universe, which is the original title of the universe, the one that I'm one. And now, you know, they've been, they used to have a show called the NPC team universe, which would feel the team that would go to the universe in Europe. Obviously now we don't, we don't, because when Rafi also in頭 has split with Germain, and there's no more universe. But so they just call this show now the NPC universe. And they give pro cards there and everything like that. Now, some people take offense to that because they said that it's not really the universe, but I don't think it really matters. What does you take on that? As a former Navi universe winner, you know. Well, it's not really the universe, you know, they can call it that, but it's not really the universe. It's like when they have, don't people put on the natural mystery, or limp your and call it the natural mystery, limp your, it's not really the mystery, limp your body. We don't really miss the Olympia right, exactly. Yeah, but people say I'm Mr. Olympia, it's just like you see some people walk around who are looking like not even top classic guys saying I'm Mr. Universe, people go, oh, really? It's like, wow, standards dropped. So the wellness girls are a, I'm, I'm Mr. Universe, too, right? So exactly. So people are in the no, no, but the general public done, I guess if you're, if you have one one that knows and it's not the real one, you can say you're Mr. Olympia, you are the universal people go, well, congratulations. Yeah, that's exactly. It's like a, what a pro cards are to give an out there too. Like I got nothing against it if they want to make money, but back in our day, they can people go to say, oh, fuck here, we got back in your day. When someone, when you went somewhere or you saw someone, you could go into a gym and go, that guy's a pro, just by looking at him, you knew that'll professional now, people come up the, you're, you're probably had a people come and make a highly, I'm such and such. I got a pro card, I'm like, oh, well, that's because of that, I, if I can go snooker or something, poor table, but it's like, oh, it's like I said, dude, when you're going to come online, face, spoke or whatever, and you're going to put, say, Jeremy Smith, I F. B. Pro, when you're going to tell someone you're a fucking pro, it's time to get out of the fucking sport. It's like, I got to put in my name, so everybody knows. Because they got, I've been saying this for for one. They got to make something that's like a little above a pro, like, like, maybe like, if you place like top 10 of the Olympia, you get another title, I don't know what you would call it, but, you know, like, it's a pre-prower, something like that. It's a pre-roller, it's not, it's not like a, is that like a pizza, is it? Yeah, yeah, it's, you're a pro plus. Right, right, you're like, you're like a higher level pro, you know, like the major league minor leagues, you know, minor leagues and baseball is still pro baseball, but it's not really, you know, you're not, you know, being, you know, early on TV or I thought you're like a pro with a triple eye writing or something, if you got to have us. You know, I've seen guys win pro cards at Masters or girls, win men, and then they go on and they actually wind up on the Olympia stage, you know, and they open and they do well. And so you never know, I mean, so, you know, I've to oiled with this thing in my head with the, is our more pros, the better or worse, and you know what, the sport has evolved and changed. So I embrace that change because I think that more business for the, I think business is important for the sport. If there's no business model behind around the sport and people can't make money from the sport, I'm not talking, because the elite guys will always make money with prize money, but that's only like 10 guys in the world. So if everyone else around the sport can make more money because now there's more pros, there's more people competing, so they need more coaches and more posing, you know, people spray 10 them and more people to do makeup and hair and more people to, you know, to train people on the gym, I see it's good for business and it's good for the sport and it's healthy for the sport. Don't you? Well, I think, I think, you know, that should be called internet pros rather than competitive pros, because there's probably out of 40 amount of pro cards that are given out. I probably only what 50% ever competing the pro ranks. A lot of them get their pro card just so they can put on their business card or put on their Facebook page. Right. And they never competing the pro ranks where there's been a lot of great images on those, so I'm here in Australia that never took a pro card and if made more money, they actually be an amateur then actually, because if they went into the pro ranks, they would get lost in the lineups and stuff that they'd never get a call out and the money that I'd have to spend to getting ready for pros shows, the better I'll stay and be in a top amateur. Right. Or, you know, what they do in boxing is if you want to fight as an amateur, if you want to turn pro, you turn pro. You can just do it on your own. You don't have to win anything to turn pro in other words. So, let's just get a pay for your pro card and I'll figure out. Right. Because you know what? I know in our sport earning a pro card is like almost like at the ploma, like from college or something like that. But in essence, for a lot of people, it's really a death toll because you've got a pro card, but then when you go, you've got to compete with all these people that you can't beat anymore. But it's almost like your better offstay as an amateur. Perfect example was Jose Raymond could have earned his pro card probably five years before he actually took the pro card because like, Newy wasn't ready. So, he said, you know, he won the lightweight class. I forget where the nationals are something like that. And then he turned it down. And then he won the the band away class and he turned it down. And then he won the middleweight class. And then I think he finally took a put, you know, I think he earned like three or four, you know, pro, you know, pro qualifying then. But he was smart. He was like, I'm not ready yet. So I'm going to take it and then finally agree to take it and then I think the two 12 class came out with two perfect. So, you know, it is what it is. I think people just take it now. Once you don't compete, they just take it like I said, more for the, if they like you see, they've got to be coaches that they've got to training. Sure. Think it the gym just so they can say the professional now and stuff like that. Yeah. Yeah. It definitely is a job. It's a 50 dollars. But you know, and also if there's more ability to turn pro, more people will compete because people are, they're like, status mongers. You know that. They want status. They want to be validated. So to say I got a pro card, even though they may never, ever do anything as a pro, it doesn't matter, at least they can wave it in people's faces and say, here, where you want to, you know, you don't want to quit $50,000 in applications and travel and they're in spray tanning, but I got a pro card at least out of it. You don't want to compete in the lay priest classic way, you know, the win, it could get a pro card, but that's up to me because the thing is, I decide, or the people decide the committee can decide because let's just say you have a whole heap of people up there. And the overall winner can get a pro card. But if that overall winner, if I look at them, go and listen, if this is our pro from Australia, we sent him that a professional universal professional world and he's not good enough. What's the point of sending him where if he just gets there and he just looks like a lucky kind of thing standing up there's like, you want to send someone, that's why even in America, when they give out pro cards, it should be, you could get a pro card at the show, but the judges have to determine looking at the person on stage, is he going to make it as a pro or maybe giving another year, giving another two years and then giving pro cards. And I said, if you want to go into the pro ranks, if you love committing, you want to be competitive, you just want to go out and stand there on stage. And like I said, all that time money and effort that goes into it, the whole training aspect could just be a waste of time. Well, that was the way it was back in the 90s or early 2000s. I mean, that if it was about, where you're ready to be a pro and are you ready to go to the next level? Now it's not about that anymore. Like I said, the sport has changed and let's face it. Changes, it bothers people who are from the old system because they feel like, well, I got cheated in some, because people always ask me, you could have definitely got a pro card at it. If the way it worked, operated today, operated in the 90s, you would have had a pro card easy. And I said, I did like, is that Bobby, I said, no, because when I competed, my place things actually carried more weight even though I didn't get a pro card because it was so hard. And so, you know, you got to just accept the time you're from and that the fact that the sport is going to change and evolve and that it's good, you know, it's good for business and it's good for us, you know, what we're doing now. Imagine if they did it in other sports or professional sports where they just gave about, we have the Olympic games and the fans and Rita. And here he comes, this is one of the five minute six. Yeah. Palambo, right. Palambo one is pro card somewhere else. Two hours later. Yeah. The difference is that, you know, if you run, if you run 11 seconds in the 100 and the guys winning the 100 meters are running 95, 4, whatever they're running, you know, you're going to be like at the starting line when they're done, you know, I got to mention this just because we've been talking a lot about Olympics more so with the, with the trip, we've been talking more about the transgender, but sharp, sharp, sharp, heri Richardson who won the 100 meters at the Olympic trials and you know, seems to be she reminds you of the perfect. Yeah. She's like the Florence Grove, the joiner of like New Year. Is she fell face to the set? Health doesn't help the piece on her arm when she's running. I think it's just a style statement like her hair is, but you know, and I like her look. I think it's, it's guy, you know, it's the first person I can remember since the flow Joe and back in the day, you know, who really stuck out and you know what, she's got to look at this. Yes, she got to touch. And she's like, just like, you know, here I am, this is who I am. But you know, you, I heard, you know, you get the news, she fell to drug tests. I'm thinking, oh man, what a dummy. What if she fell for, you know, a wind stroll or anivar? So I'm trying to think of like what she fell for and it's like pot, like marijuana. And I'm thinking of myself, how stupid this is for a heart of G, okay? She's just won the Olympic trials, okay? She's going to the Olympics. She's got the best chance of winning an American, a gold medal for America. She's got everything going for her. She knows the rules. She beat obviously whatever's the right test or she beat. She goes and smokes a joint. I mean, it's on the top of the list. It's not whether, you know, everyone's saying, I get these petitions in my email to sign because she's from Oregon and in Oregon, pot is illegal. Marijuana's illegal. But in running is not, and she knows that. Why, you know, and I know she, I watched an interview with her. She didn't, she said that she, she was doing an interview with some reporter and he told her, she found that from the reporter that on the air that her biological mother, who she really wasn't close with, had passed away. And she was so just strawed afterwards. And she took her right, she didn't, she took responsibility for what she did. She felt that that was the way she needed to relieve her stress. And she did it and she knew she did it. But I'm thinking of myself, you know, you're not like a regular person. You're going to be Olympic. That's place. You sat on ice everything. You're like training everything. Everything. You know, it's like the guy going to Mr. Olympia and he goes to the, the buffet, the Chinese buffet, like the night before I mean, come on. Well, you think, yes, it would have been sad finding out about your mother, but you figure if the salary a month away, go and did Olympics win and go and winning that gold for your mother, that sort of thing would have been. Right. You did it. Keep the win. Exactly. We've been a bit, but even the whole thing from Oregon's and she said, be like, people that come to America and start selling pot and shit, saying, well, originally from ants, the ants, the damn we're allowed to sell. If I can pot over there, it's like, I didn't know the rules. You didn't ask Biden. Yeah, I'm surprised Biden even the fruit was going on. So I saw AOC, AOC, you know, caught KZ that fucking weird. I looked like an alien. She's trying to play the race card with it. I'm like, really, you're going to pull the race card on this. Yeah. Like only black people smoke marijuana, right? I mean, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, me, come on. It's, there's no originally, but back in, even. But that can even play the race card in the Olympics, like the other one, the turn, the back when they go on about races and win. And not, I'm not sure what it is, but come on, at least when I watch the Olympics, it's almost like 70% of the American team, African American. So he can't, if America is such a racist country, it would be pick a black, black, but a representative. It's going to be like, hit the back in the day when he had the Olympics, pick an order juice, the representative. Yeah. It's like, he like, shut the fuck up. Well, yeah, it's like, come on. Look, they know the rules. If you smoke a joint, okay, and you felt marijuana, okay? And it's funny because the, the, the, the suspension is only a month. I don't know why marijuana is not as bad as steroids, but it's only a month, but obviously, the Olympics are coming up. So she's going to miss it. Now, they asked Biden, president Biden about the whole thing, and you think it's fair. Yeah, the realize, even though he's, he's out of his mind, the guy, he's the guy who back in 1990, and it was endorsing the whole, the steroid, which hunt that they went on. Yeah, because I interviewed Aaron Baker. I forgot this, but Aaron said the reason why they drug tested the Olympia and the, USA, the year he won it, 1990 was the cost Biden was putting the pressure on everyone. I said drug testing, you know, and that's why Vince McMahon, obviously, got into all that uh, regular role with the drug testing, the W, W, E, Ressler's, no, that stuff because it was Biden. He was a senator at the time, and he was the one pushing that bill, ironically enough. So they asked him, what did they see thinking about the, uh, shark, uh, Richardson's, well, the drug, he's like, I feel bad for her, but that's the rules, you know, where, where, what are you going to say? Uh, so probably you think that all sharks, sharks are very dangerous. I think it's swimming swimming in the ocean. Right. It shows like I like pot, pot's very good. It relaxes the little kids, it relaxes the children. Yeah, it, it is kind of weird though, because in this country now, I mean, look, she could have gone out and gotten drunk off her ass, and she would have been fine, you know, because that's not illegal. Now, it's like anything, it's like jobs, you know, you've got jobs here in Australia, you're a truck driver, you're in a thought that if you, if you can't, they get drug test to the bit because they're driving on distance into trucks and stuff, and if you fail a drug test, you lose your truck as a license and stuff like that. So you should drop it. It's like, you just know, why do you think all police officers drink? Because it's legal. They know they can't smoke pot and snort cocaine because it's, it's, it's, it's a, it'll lose their jobs. So if they want to go out and relax, they have alcohol, because that's legal. Now, the question is, if it would be interesting, you know, if they make marijuana legal, it will almost legal, but let's say it's legal everywhere. And the IOC changes their rule because now, marijuana is considered legal because obviously doesn't have any performance enhancing, you know, a bill is, it's not like a major or better run. I can't smoke. I can't get out of sleep with three or nine. So, but I mean, so if they change the rule, I mean, that's a different story, but the IOC right now, that's the rule. So, you don't, so when you're depressed and you want to want to let go or you want to relax a little bit, you go out and have a couple shots of awkward or a couple glasses of wine and you're fine. So, I, you know, it, that's too pity drives me crazy. You know, and I don't, I think she's accepting it. She's accepted responsible. I'm not trying to say she's making excuses and, you know, it's saying, you know, calling you know, I think from what I think from what I've seen, she's accepted a federal and half the other people. Yeah, yeah, yeah, people. Because she knows. And the work, and the work, create the work, create scenes to be firing up all these bullshit and stuff about. She's like, look, I accept what I did and that's so. Right. And I thought that was very mature for, but for some reason, it bothers me so much that this girl who is amazing, and that she obviously dedicated a tremendous amount of her life to this, had this amazing ability, this gift to go to the Olympics. She's running the best, you know, races of her life now. And now she can't go for some stupid things she did. It's like, it's like my son, we want to take him to an out to eat. And it's the last minute as a temperatureman blows it for himself and now we can't know, you don't get to go out to eat. I feel the same way. Like, it's like, you know, I'm sure they didn't want to take it away from her, but you have to, because you know, you have a rule in place and you have to have to enforce the law. You know, and that's the way it goes. I know. Maybe she'll get lucky and now I'll postpone the game so we could two days ago. There you go. Maybe someone can release another strand of COVID out there in the same or, you know, exactly. Yeah, so could happen. Speaking about people you don't expect to compete. What have you been fond of this whole kind of green thing? Oh, yeah. So I brought that up before. Remember, on the last show we did. Yeah, yeah. Well, you know, now he's, you know, it's interesting because I did know, I, why didn't realize maybe it's about a, it's a better thing than that guy. And I saw this because George Farre posted on his Twitter, a picture that we just, you know, we just, you know, we just started rap, we just thought, I think he put like something to the degree of we just started, we just started, perhaps something like that for Ty Green. Let me see if I could pull this up there. Oh, but that could be prep for anything. Prep for a movie, prep for a movie. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And George is implying that they're prepping for something. So I don't know. Let's see. Hold on. Sit. I stole a Nick string from power. So he said, you got a baddie, where you got a set of baddie, what's up, make it. What happened? I don't watch the child. What did next pet should have been power out of it? And he said that Ty caught him out on something, but he wasn't going to reply on his station. So he did it on his vlog station. Oh, my god. Yeah, yeah, yeah, and these guy, he's got it. I'm not going to reply that he's, but I am replying to it. But I'm, yeah, I'm not going to reply here. So you got to join my other side too, to watch it. Now, but George, you know, posted this, you know, and that's a nice out feed. He's got nothing. Yeah, it is. He looks like he's going to be in the next edition of Game of Thrones. No, but George posted we started back four weeks ago in Kaiser, already looking freaky. You're great. I don't know why Kai would start working with George if he wasn't planning to get ready for something. Now, is he getting ready for a movie or is he getting ready to maybe compete again? I don't know. What do you think? I mean, now that I see this, that's different than Kai teasing it. Now you got George teasing it, too. You know? I'm still thinking maybe when he saw the red cone. Maybe in there there was a thing that he had to defeat, but I know people are complaining and talking about he should get an invite. So if he gets an invite, people are going to be pissed about that. So they're saying he should have to compete to qualify. So you've been in the right kind of pissed people off. Yeah, yeah. Well, I mean, Tyler Manniam said something last year to that degree that it wouldn't be handy. Heading out, it's special invite so easily this year. And so I don't know, that plays the Kai because Kai is kind of a special case. But I mean, he only has a couple of options to qualify. Right? We got Tampa coming up and what else? There's only like one other show I think. There's something like that. Yeah, because your Arnold's, the Arnold's not like maybe he's got to be Arnold. Even though maybe it was in the Arnold's. Right. Right. Now what do you do? Let's say Kai jumped in the Arnold's. Kai jumps in the Arnold's. He connects Laura and Laura and Vites him. He does the arm and he wins. Now if you're the Olympia people, don't you have to almost invite Kai to the Olympia? I mean, special invite him at that point if he's in the audience. He's like, yeah, I want to do it. I would then because even though it's not a qualified, he's beat a lot of people in the Arnold who are doing the Olympia. So to me, that would make okay of qualified. So he goes. But then those people who are in the Arnold who are qualified for Olympia, who we beat, they are going to be pissed if he goes to Olympia because they'd be like, that's not a qualifying show. You should be allowed to come to the Olympia. Well, what happened to the other person? Well, I think that's the given. They'd have to give a special invite as what would happen now. So I think at that point, if he actually put on the posing, Trump's got on stage one legitimately and then wanted actually to go to the Olympia because those are a lot of what if you know for Kai, you know, to have to get through a lot of hurdles that you got to jump through. But assuming that's what happened, you have to give the guy an invite. I mean, you'd be, you'd be, then would be crazy not to petition for an invite there because that thing is going to blow that Olympia up if he would show up, obviously. I don't know. Well, I said, you'd have a lot of happy people, a lot of unhappy people. So I would be like, well, looking at what it looked like. Looking at how it probably looked like. What do you think? I mean, do you think the Kai could, could win the Arnold? I mean, is he started the tool set? Well, I can't buy that for it. It's hard to say, but it still looks like he's got the thickness and stuff. And like I said, I'm sure, you know, he hasn't been, I'm sure he's probably been, I can't really say it. But you know, I'm sure he's probably been using a little bit, but I'm sure he's not going to the degree. A little bit. He looks pretty, you know, George said they started four weeks ago. I'm assuming that means that they're, you know, I can't. But I look at Kai for the last, Kai for the last few years, I was still pretty freaky and fickened, full. And I couldn't see him go on crazy on order supplements, just if he's not competing. So I'm sure he's just using a little bit of a mischievous, but maybe he wants to. That's a legitimate, you know, recent picture. That's not like Kai, he's a Kai claim to be crazy. He's already 17. Did you read this? Yeah, three. Hi, saying he's already 17. What's Kai? He's only five. No, I need to follow Nate. Five, nine. Yeah, I don't think he's three, 17, do you? Yeah, if that heavy bones. What was the lot of weight for a night five foot eight or nine person, right? And what's his heavy, you speak in post about two of my fan, off at six degrees. I got the fan going on the big car hold on. All right. Well, I mean, I think Kai used to compete about two, 55 when it was all said and done. You know, when he would suck out, he would start, you know, pretty high and then he would come down. I don't think he's ever been three, you know, three, 15, however. What's his contest white snowed me when he lost competed? I think he's in the 255 range in there. Yeah, so if he's two, 17, I mean, three, 17, look at that. Yeah, it looks like he's even put on a lot of muscle, or he's holding his shitload of water. I don't know what the case may be. I'm sure he's not that hard from behind. Yeah, but free 17 there. You know, they say it'd be on stage at two, 80 when you're so. No, I know. I mean, I thought you'd assume, right? I mean, I don't know unless he's, I think he's jacking up the weight. I don't think I think he's probably maybe three hundred there. Maybe, you know, maybe two, 90. Maybe I meant two, 71. They got their bit dyslexicus. Yeah, I bet you never know. Never know. But that's I'll say anything the cause talk, you know, we're talking about it. Okay, three, seven, eight. Wow. Well, I mean, you have to talk about it. If someone else would have left your officer on me, what's your army in the off season when he's not competing? I think they said he was three, four, any other day, but, you know, who knows? You know, let me get a free, hundred. It's a lot. Yeah. I asked the seat of this question, you know, a couple of weeks ago when he said that the ramming would not be, if he, if he couldn't be a ramming, but what do you think? Can, can, can, can, can, can I beat ramming? I think so. I think, yeah, cause like I said, ramming is big in areas and he's got the whip and muscle mass, but even when you look at someone even like Heidi, you've had he come in super shreddlandry, even though he's short, I think he could push Rami. There's a few people I think could push Rami, cause like I said, Rami's a big guy and that's what a big guy. But I think a really, really, really winkler in Christ condition could push Rami because they've really got that thickness everywhere and looks more like a complete bodybuilder. Like feel he fit his best could easily beat Rami. So it's like, you know, Rami's just big guy and he's impressive, but when you get someone that's just more complete and flows better, I think anyone could give him anyone like Kai or Roli or if and like I said, the little Bonak shredded, yeah, cause you're sure they probably would give it to him, but he looks more complete than me. Where's I said, Rami's a big guy, but I think some other people look more complete when they're in shape and shredded. What do you think about this picture, although when we pull this up, hold on. Probably not really winkler since we were talking about him. Look at this freak shot. That's that magic lighting again, I mean that same spot. I don't care, imagine getting anything. I mean, Kai is pretty freaking hard in that picture too. I mean, I don't think you're giving that higher on stage, was he? That's what I mean, how he looks, if he just tamed up and kind of little bit of water, I could walk on stage like that, you think you'd win it, it'd be top three easy. I mean, right? Unless I don't know if that picture is super filtered right now, but I mean, it looks to me, it's pretty freaking bad. Look at any of that, you'd think that's a classic winner there if he comes in like that. Yeah, who could beat him? I mean, he's like a crazy guy. So, a lot of what ifs, though, that's where we're finding out. The speculation is nice, but you know what, I want to bite the Kai green cookie, but I had to, at the same time, he's done this every single year for what for the last five years, dangling that little cookie in front of our face right before the Olympic. He always does it right before the Olympic, too. I would be more likely to believe it if it was a little earlier, but there's really not that much time left here. If he's to re-19, we have the fric is he going to get in shape, you know, to do a qualifier, you know. And the thing is, too, the Kai can get attention just being Kai, it's not like he's an easy attention. If you get a do it, just say you got to fucking do it. It's like, I'm sure to promote it, what you're going to do it now, so people can get excited and buy tickets or whatever. So, if you're going to do it, just say you're doing it, stop the speculation, you know, and it's because like, you know, Kai puts up a pizza, he's going to get attention. Kai puts up a video, he's going to get attention. So, you know, it doesn't need to say he's going to compete and get attention. I think that puts turns people off, they just start hating him. So, just say you're going to do the fucking show, just do it. You're in. You're in. I've spoken on the fore for July. The threat. I did see, I did see some people complaining about the fore for July about saying it wasn't good and that they're playing the race card again day, but you know what I think? When I lived in America, it's like, you've had a black president, you got black me, you got black people in movies, you got black people who are top athletes making millions. Look, if you're a black person, why does Spanish whatever, you can do anything you want in America today. You got the same opportunity, you lose the only thing holding your back, you think? That's it. If anyone's going to complain in America and they want to hold rallies and they want to have peaceful protests right. So, I mean, would be the naiky for American Indians. Why aren't they out there fucking boon and eluding and doing shit because they fucking had shit taken from them and we killed them all off. Is that enough in a month? That's what the problem is. They're too busy playing blackjacket that you see. You know, so we started. That's right. We gave them some casinos to keep them quiet for the ones that are still around. We were smart. You guys are going to have to do that to be the average. You guys are going to have to give the average and you can see now's over there. If anyone's kind of complaining in America, it should be the 90th American Indians, more than the black people because you black people have a 10 times better than the 90th American Indians. Shut the fuck up. I want to ask before you drive, take all your drive money from the downtown, and go to fight the casinos and support the 90th American Indians. That's right. Before we start talking about some of the thousands of times, I want to ask you more more questions about their European Union. Bill Cosmy, release from prison. What do you think about that? Good. I think it's great. And you're calling people to call in America a racist country. Yeah. Look at the bill. Think I want to privilege it in the. I still know why they released the bill. And you know the exact reason. Yeah, they said that the prosecutor before there was some deal done where it couldn't go to try or something. But really, look at Bill. And then the woman who said he raped this, she was at basketball or a stuff. She looked like a lesbian. Right. So really, if I was going to rape her, I would have to take the fucking drugs. Not give them the money because there was a lot of women that came forward. Also, you know, they're jumping on the bank. They're just jumping on the hunts the bullfane wagon. They're just jumping on the duck. I'll say this. I'm going to go and say this on the record. If Cosmy's out of jail now, if Sean Rodin gets the. It's putting prison. Yeah, I'm going to. The people should be outraged by that because I haven't seen one woman come forward. Other than the, the accuser. You know, well, when next week, it should be okay. We should see Cosmy and O.J. playing golf together. Hi, so I think you have. Yeah, he should. Yeah, oh, I know. Yeah, Rodin should hire a Cosmy's lawyer because Cosmy's lawyer obviously was pretty down. I'm going to be got about it. Yeah, there's something to do with that. It was never meant to have. I mean, I think that's something deal done before. So, you know, he did what it did to against it. No, I don't even know. O.J. and Cosmy should go live together. They should put him in a half way house together. I'm going to do a TV show to get a reality show. The juice, the juice and the drink. Yeah, exactly. I'm unbelievable. We live in such an insane society. There's no, there's no evenness across the board. Everyone's got their own little, you know, I know this first. I got that one. I'm going to get out of here. I got a bit of lawyer. I get money. Definitely helps get your office. It's like, no doubt. There's no white, there's no white privileges. Money, privilege. It's money, privilege. It's money, privilege. That's exactly what it is. You called it a matter. It doesn't matter what color you are. If you've got the money and you're white, you can put your kids in the best schools. You took out the money in your black. Your kids are going to the best schools. That's right. Money, that's not fair. No one has a question. It doesn't care about what color you are. You move into white neighborhood in your multi-millionaire. Welcome. Come on in. They don't care. Look at where you look around and order people to live in. White neighborhoods, but they say it's racist, but they don't care because they got order money. So that's a money thing, not the fucking privilege when it comes to the skin color. That's right. It's always good. But if you don't have money, forget about it. When I was in federal prison, I was in a very low, obviously I was in a camp. It was like summer camp. But there were guys in there that when you, let's say you get sentenced to 10 years in prison. When you're down to like only like a year or two left, they'll put you in a, if you're behavior yourself in your nonviolent criminal, they'll put you in a lower security prison. So I had a couple of guys in prison with me that were finishing out of 10 years sentence. And what are the guys was, when I first got there was sharing the bunk, he was like, I was on the top, he was on the bottom bunk. And I said to myself, you know, you're not really supposed to ask people, but you wine a basket of them. So what did you do to get here? Did you see him again? I was a black guy, you know, and he's like, you know, I sold like two bags of like crack or something like that, you know, and then washing, first of all, watching the DC is not really a state. So it's considered federal fence if you do anything there. The guy got 10 years, especially on like two bags of fucking crack cocaine. I mean, he had no money, he had a public defender, they took a deal and yeah, he got sentenced because it was like his second offense or something like that. But the point is, the guy was was not violent. He was a guy, he had a family, you know, he just, you know, he was taking the leg, he was lazy. That's all he was one of the so drugs to make money. I mean, it wasn't the right thing to do. But did he deserve 10 years in prison? No, no. You wouldn't think too. He would have looked at cash. He wouldn't have never done it in prison. I imagine if that was like Beyonce or Jayce, he's son, he got caught selling crack or little probation, you know. I'm not saying he would have been a slug. You would have seen him on the side with the, you know, picking up the garbage of the guys, you would have done like 20 hours of community service, he would have been done. And then he would have gone to reality show after that about it. Yeah, 10 years is like punishment should fit the crime of all I suppose. But the other, the other reason it should be 10 years would be like if he's done it before and done it before and he said some other robbery charges, you know, if you've got a little bit of violent different story, if you've got to list this long and they're like, look, mate, you've had this many chances. And this is the tenth time we've arrested you go on a way, but image of first, the fences like some of those ones that get put in there for selling marijuana and people like I said sadly, we'll black people get put in jail, but like I said, it comes down to an economic thing. They can't get good lawyers, defendants and all this sort of shit, whereas the white preppy kid that's going to a nice college and he gets caught selling marijuana long comes that who's probably in the turn anyway pays the right people is out. So it doesn't come down to privileges. It comes down what you said before, the almighty dollar. You call that you said it and that's exactly right. Right. Lee, please, that's good. On 24. What's that fucking Australian even doing talking on July 4th? It's not even American. That's right, not even American all there. All right, I wanted to just, I wanted to just briefly mention the Dallas Europa show is this past weekend. You remember when the Dallas Europa pro used to be like a big man's open body, you know? And that was one of the biggest numbers. I don't know why they got rid of open body building. I just don't. I just want to pay the price money. I saw a fight out of Ed and Betty still still doing the show. They've been doing that since. No, how long? Hell on there. They've started a long time ago. You remember, you started to use to be called the Southwest Pro show and then they then the Dallas, then the Europa distribution company teamed up with them and sponsored all their shows and they have Dallas or Lando. I don't know if they have any other ones. They used to have like one of Connecticut and then they moved, remember they had one year they had it in Atlantic City. But it was always men's open and it was like the big shows of the year. And I guess they just got sick of, you know, forking out that cash for the price money because they felt like the competitors were not appreciating it. But they still have it. They had the men's physique. This pair of baby, baby, too. It's a kind of a great shape that you can do. Most musculoskelet matter are as well as stick a tongue out. Yeah, I bet. Yeah, you know, Daddy, people don't realize. Betty competed well into our 50s and she was awesome. It wasn't like she was just going to win the show. Yeah, she was winning the show. Yeah, she was winning the show. Let me see. I don't think it's some reason this is not popped up. Let me see. Oh, it's going to be poem, baby. Don't know what. Yeah. I got, I took the bill cause me all, all of you get informed. I'm just going on. You know, you get, you get ads for rupees. Yeah. I have a trouble sleeping. Exactly. Oh, my God. You're funny. All right. All right. Ramp's. Let me see if I can get it. Not getting late enough to get to Viagra and free some of next. Thank you. Hard and key person. Yeah. Ramsey Ram's. What a name. Yeah. Last name is, if you guys look so nice, guys, I haven't really talked about it. Last name is Rams. Why would your parents name your Rams Rams? Rams. Well, I know some people are dying to like, pay to pay to say, I'm thinking, well, what when you come up with a different name that I'm going to pay you to say. You know, my, my, my, my, my, my, an ants name is Patty and, you know, Patricia. Lisa, so she was Patty Palombo. She said she got torch and school P.P. You know. So, so what I named my kids, I was very careful. I don't think that's an idea of the many names where there was the, you know, could be nicknames that were torch. Yeah, you did it. You did it on the polling polling polling polling polling polling voting for. Yeah, no, no two peas. You know nothing. Yeah. But it's not even, it's not even the two peas. It's just like when your first name is almost identical to your last name. Right. Really. Well, silly isn't they seen Ramses. If I'm pronouncing his first name, right? One here really, the guys had a really good physique. You know, men's physique, I just don't think gets the credit. It deserves because, you know, I think guys, I think people still think of it as like, all right. Well, it's not really, you're not really showing legs. I think if they want it, they were going to change the vision out there that they should put these guys in some kind of trunks. We can. In a straight into an assort of where almost like classic, we know where they were like the right. We got Arnold, the big Arnold posing trunks when they sort of like, in between shorts and posing trunks. Why not? They're not hitting poses, but they're at least, I want to see their legs and I want to see their legs flex in the standing relax position. I think that would bring a better, you know, because I saw a picture. I got to see if I could find a Brandon Hendrickson who's there. You know what, you know what would help them, too, is if they stop doing this. But yeah, some of the stuff on stage. Yeah, I'm just putting your arm at the side, but when they go twirly twirly, when they're doing fancy movements in the girls and that leg out to the side and the hand and the hand like this looks like a hook around sunset waiting for a trick to come down. So it's just like, look at me boys, I got my hand down boys, look at me. Look at me. That's what I mean, stop, stop doing that. Let me, let me show this is what I, this, I mean, this is why I think they got the right to winpier champion there, but imagine if you had Brandon Hendrickson. Okay, on stage with actually, you know, I mean, look, you guys got legs. He's the Olympia Champion, men's physique. He's got legs. Imagine if they caught him, Henry Hendrickson. Yeah, no, so just those little black, I said, you remember the little black hop skin shorts were true. I know, he's got legs. He's got legs. You should have legs, there's no reason why you shouldn't have legs. It's a good, but that's a little bit too deep. Yeah, if he had black tarts on you still see it, it'll taste, but not closing drums, just those little black shorts. Right, but I'm saying you do understand like he has now he has a complete physique. I think that's a much more number one marketable look. Number two, I think it would encourage more people and I think the, the division would be taking more seriously because you'd be like, Holy macro, that's what I want to look like. I don't want to look like a guy with a play, you know. Hey, you've just got rid of 50% of the gym, say, you know, I'm a little bit more expert. Am I, am I limiting the division league? If you just lost half of it. I just lost half of it. But he looks like it, it ends like he could do a good in class. Even. No, well, he, you know, he talked to me originally when I had interviewed him a few years ago. He was saying he wanted to go to the open eventually, but I think he would be a great class guy. If he wins the Olympia again this year, he should move up the classic just the proof. Because no, I don't think there's there's been no one to win right to divisions the Olympia and two divisions. I don't even know why they don't have like, when you see him in their board shorts that come that are knees, I'd say 80% don't have car up. So why don't they just wear like jeans. Right, they're right. They're like, as well, you may as well wear a long stand-ex pants or anything like that. I don't know what's up with that skinny jeans. They can wear those skinny jeans or like when you go to big Ford 250 truck and you put little ties on. That's what it looks like when they're skinny jeans on that of a big upper body and these little legs. It's just like when people have a big truck with little ties. Looks ridiculous. I don't know why they won't show them. They're, you know, change it so they can see legs on stage. I'm telling you, I think you'd be because they don't have legs, they just like if you're in a locker room in a sec. Oh, they don't let them let them make it to the in need legs. You know, I think that's the way to fix the division. Not that it needs to be fixed, but I mean, you couldn't hurt. If you don't have them, you're not going to show it. If you're in the locker room and you've got a porn star cocky, you're just going to rip your pants. But if it's cold and you've got to stack a quarter's, you're not taking your pants off in the change. I guess. I don't know. You never know. I just think that I think that we can add another level of like acceptance and a sport to the division. I really do. I mean, it's the only division in any of the division's men or women that we don't show the whole body. I mean, come on. Something's got to be something wrong with that. Something's thing. Yeah, they might have just let us head where the skinny jeans because the boys, short-skilled them, they use it half and don't have calves. So think of their money, they'd say, they've got a tank, they've got a tank, they've got a tank, yeah, for body then, you can say, I'm running. Look, she's having a legs. You know, I'm very impressed. I want to bring something. We don't usually talk about the women that much on the show. Unfortunately, because you only have so much time. But Jessica Padilla, first of all, I don't even have any show. She's one, but she's one so many figure shows over the last couple of years. I mean, this girl has got such, she can do women's physique easily if she wanted to. Right. She wins another show. She wins a European here again. I mean, this girl is kind of like what Milo's was to demand's by, she just competes over and over and over again. And she's always in shape and she wins shows. And, you know, she's clean and up this girl. I think it's, I mean, she's one of the few that are not afraid to get out there. And compete several times a year. And I wouldn't be surprised if she might even be a limpia champion. At some point, I'm not around about this year, but you know, she couldn't. She couldn't win the Olympia, you know. It's actually like, if you enjoy competing and you love to sport and women, women, you know, some do in the body building, but not I think women like her. They wouldn't be pushing any hard substances. So it's like, you could compete over and over. It just comes down to your mental strength and if you love doing it, if you love doing it like some women do, I've do it. They love getting out there because let's face it. A lot of women stay in shape, more than the men do. So if it's in preparing for a show, it would taste easier, but you know, then that much weight theory is to lose like some men do when they bulk up. So a lot of women prefer to stay in shape all year round. So if you can compete and do it, do it. She might become like the decks, the Jackson and the win or the titles. I think it's you, she's smart. I think that I don't know, I just think that a lot of people are not realizing that they have an opportunity if you're good to actually make some money. You know, and I just, I don't know. I think the mist is about, I really do, but you know, what do I know? All right, I want to talk about, there was also the NPC team, the University of Bethesda, who we mentioned earlier in the broadcast. And I'm not going to go through all the winter because there's a million winners and there's a million winners and there's a million people who got further. I just want to say congratulations, yeah, bro, because there was some great talent. I helped a lot of people in that show and I was been looking at pictures all week and long and people been sending me videos. And I was very impressed with the level of what was happening. I mean, you can peddle us. I mean, you can peddle us. I loved it. They have hundreds, hundreds. They might be a bit of a thousand. I don't know. But they moved the show. The most show was in South Carolina. It wasn't in New Jersey like it's then. They went down South Carolina because I think it's a little more lean down. But could a separate mind? They're reported on it. I know. I know. It was an impossible show to report on because there was so many people at it. But I'll say this, you know, bodybuilders could give a shit about holidays. You could hold these shows on Christmas weekend. And I guarantee you will not have one less. You might have more people because people all more work. I could do the show. You know, it's amazing how bodybuilders do that care. I remember when I did the junior USA in I think it was 1994 for the first time. It was in Chicago and it was on Easter Sunday weekend. And everyone's going to be going to be knowing there. And I'm telling you everyone showed up. It was a stack line up and you know, people went on. I actually wound up getting stuck. I don't know why I couldn't get a flight on Sunday. I left on Monday. And I remember the only thing open in Chicago was was McDonald's. They got because you know, I loved McDonald's. Yeah. After a show, you know, you want to eat. I must have eaten in McDonald's about six times. You know, you could have eaten Easterings. Well, I can now. It's not like a huge, I don't think so here. But on July 4th, the muscle to beach down at Venice. It always had a lot of competitors. Great crowd down there because you got tourists. You got the people that want to come see it. And it's always packed out the muscle beach. July 4th. Sure. And stuff and it's always great. So yeah. I just been. Yeah, you understand what I'm talking about. Bodybuilders, you could ask a bodybuilder. Oh, what's the heart? They wouldn't even know. I didn't even know when the holidays would fall. I was in my own little world. I was like, I'm going to the gym and you know it. And I always made sure I worked out of a babes gym here on long Island. I was on long Island. I was on long Island because he never closed the gym. His gym was open on Christmas. I, you know, I never went on Christmas. But, you know, sometimes I think I might have a couple times. You know, bodybuilders do not care what's going on around them. They, if they're on the world, if they have it off day, and they can sink it up with a holiday, then great. If not, they go into the gym in the morning before they go into the relatives. Especially on the works. I'll run the contati. If I was a promoter, I'd run the contests on July food. Some of the entry money that people paid in giving the next day. I have a seminar somewhere and I have a big July fourth bar because we've all to competitors. There comes a lot. Yeah, that's not a bad idea. Back in the day, Craig Kaiterson, Coach Kelly Ryan, was also the after fighting. People definitely showed up for those. That's for sure. Craig Kaiterson, did you show up? There was a lot of my bad accused of my place. Oh, did they really? Yeah. Yeah, you were, you were, Lee wasn't a party here, but he would definitely, there was a, there was an occasion where there was food being served. He showed up. That's for sure. I think I never went there. And the only after parties I went to were the ones that we had to go to. Like the VIP one off the stage. The VIP one off the stage. You know, like Wayne the Millionaire. Yeah. I don't wait to just leave the show go to the hotel. I'll have a quiet dinner. Lee won and I read the movie. They built back to the room and read the movie. Yeah, I think. Well, let me tell my guest post. Promote is what always. Frankly, because I'd go somewhere to get suppose. And it's like, hey, Lee after the guest post. You want to do one duty. You want to go out here and eat. You want to go to Strip Club. I said, no, I have to go back to my room. They were like, oh, great. That's so great. I can go home tomorrow. I want to. When we had such, when we had such and such here and such and such here. We had to go to Strip Club's right the floor in the morning. That's what I was going to do. They thought, they thought I was great. Oh, did you just take the way back to the hotel? Sometimes I didn't want to. Because I was not really for going out. So I might just if they say to what restaurant do you want to go to? I just like the hotel is going to restaurant. Let's just eat there. I'm close to my room. I can just go. Yeah, you're home. I can go on to the room. Yeah, you were smart. You were smart. Captain Trouble too. But I do want to mention one person just because you know, it's a good story. You know, I helped this girl Donna Sterling back in 1995. She won the NPC Junior USA Women's Body Building all rolling. If you remember, back then there was only body building. So it was a big show. And she went to the US. What? And she's still competing tonight. Well, let's just know, she went to the USA after actually placed top five and then, and then, you know, life happened. She had triplets, you know, she, I mean, life, she just didn't have time. She quit body building basically and didn't compete for 25 years. I don't even know if she, why don't think she even worked out. She was doing like a robust class. She was teaching and stuff like that. But she was, you know, she was taking care of her kids and raising her kids. 20 years late, 25 years later, you know, or was really 20 years later, she kind of contacted me. Said, I really want to get back to the competing. She wanted to do a figure show. I'm like, oh, god, she had no muscle left whatsoever. And, you know, I helped her because I had helped her before. And I was friends with her. And, you know, I was, I was, I wanted to, you know, inspire her. And she, and so every year she would compete. And she started adding back muscle and I said, you know, you're not a figure competitive. You're a women's physique competitor. You always were. If they would have had that division back then, you would have been a pro. I said, because she's all along the smaller side of women's bodybuilding. And so, you know, finally I convinced her to stop doing these stupid figure shows that she wasn't placing it. And she started doing women's physique and she was doing well, you know. And this year she turned 50. So she got to do the 50 and over division. And I knew, I just knew, I knew this was her year. So I said, there's no 50 year olds in the theater. And she won her pro card and it's a great story because I mean, she, she was a single mom. She got divorced from her husband. She had, she raised triplets in herself essentially. They just all graduated this past year. And it's a good feel good story, you know, the kind of end the show with the, the, the take home message here guys is never quit. Never give up your dream. It's never too late to accomplish what you really want to accomplish in life. And I'm sure, for a, of show for a woman to a guy make it a comeback because we have testosterone. We can pump the Gary mole. I'm sure it's so amazing. But if you're a woman like you said, you've been going through child birth with three kids and raised them. Just your female hormones and stuff. I'm sure it's a lot harder for a woman to make a comeback after 20 years. And you're struggling imagine what triplets do to your midsection, don't leave. Please imagine what triplet study of fucking minds. And the great thing is her kids were all there with it. And then she says to me after the show, she's like, I think my daughter wants to compete. You're going to have to help her. Next generation. The next generation's coming up and what once again, feel good story and it just lets you, you know, just goes to show you, you know, never like all of your dreams. Because even life happens and stuff gets in the way. Always keep in the back of your head what you ultimately want to do it. And you can get back to it, you know, obviously it's. It didn't come back to her the way she thought it was going to happen, but she got back to it. And the funny thing is it took her a while to put that muscle back on like you said muscle doesn't come back so easily when you're older. But I mean you're going through that now with the you know with the surgery you had and trying to get that right side of your body up to par with the left side, which by the way, before I end the show. Everyone's been asked me. I've been answering questions on ass day will leave pre-spean on stage in 2022. Who that is? You want, I've been telling people you want to do it. I'm going to, I'm going to people, I'm going to have people hate me like, can I agree? That fuck is just keep saying. Yeah, yeah, yeah, but you've got to start putting some shots up for yourself now. You've got to say taking some crazy posing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. What I can. Hang the, hang the Mr. G cookie out there for those. Hang it. Oh, I don't reminds me. I got to go do a Mr. G eating the chocolate video for him. Oh, yeah, he, he, especially after the, what's going on with him in big learning now, which we'll talk about and after hours. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, tomorrow on Tuesday night. I'll choose that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, anyway. I'll have to come on and off the hour show one day still. Yeah, if you can get you up early enough. Well, you, you always wake up. You know, I got to say if I tell Lee we're going to do a show, he'll wake up at one in the morning and do it. You're, you're pretty good like that. But I don't know if I would have given up my sleep. So, so generously, as you do. Oh, you know. But you know, you're from that school of thought. You, when you were in California, you would get up at like probably four, five in the morning anyway. I was in the morning anyway. I was in the world, Jim, at five. Yeah, yeah, so you're used to that. You like that. I still want to do video. I said, the only ones you had to bid are right now. I'm being the criminals. We know it. I've gotten up early. I've been getting up a lot early because my kids now are in school and everything like that. And I will say this, you get a lot more done earlier. You start you, you know what to stay up to three in the morning, like I normally do since you get all my work done. I can, I get up at four. I'll get up at breakfast, take the wash to work. I'll try and I'll do laundry or clean the house that I sit there. I'm like, oh fuck, it's only 10 o'clock. What up? That, but I understand, I understand what you're coming from being a doge. And you can go to sleep in a normal time assuming that, you know, you know, I don't want to scream kids in the house. I start, I start those and off about eight, thirty, nine watching TV. Don't just go to bed. Yeah. I'm looking forward to the open-to-new crunch fitness here in the Kate Coral. So we're going to sign up for that. Now, all my kids will be in school officially starting at the end of August. So once that happens, we're going to take turns my wife and I going to actually going to a real gym and training. And if I get my training done early in the day, then that's another thing I don't have to do in loving a clock. I can't wait to offer hours and two months time or date. Welcome to our expressel. I got a ring. My wife and I have just joined crunch fitness. I've been there for a week. And I got fucking COVID. I got so fucking time. First time out in the house, like I back to a gym and I got tired of it. You know, I'm the kind of person that I do like to talk to people, but I don't go, I'm not like, I'm not a, like, I'm not like, When I go to the gym, I try to stay away from everyone. Do people come up to me and ask me questions, I'm sure that I've asked you to, but I don't socialize with a lot of people at the gym. I go to work out and I love that. And that's, you know, if you start hanging out with people and, you know, for two, three hours, yeah, of course you're around, you know, you, you, you yourself open to, you know, a bigger risk, but I'm just, I'm in and out. I don't even want to, to be honest with you, I don't even want to go to the gym. If I had all that equipment in my house, I would never, even leave my, I would never put it to every month. Exactly. That's a possibility later down the road, but right, I'm not really going to get there. But anyway, we're running out of time. Lee, I want to thank you for taking time on your, I can say, well, hopefully your Monday, so it's not really just something. I don't feel too guilty of taking away you weekend, but Happy Monday, where are you? I know you're a transplant. And thank you. I expect, I expect to have you birthday tomorrow when it's your birthday. I start your birthday yet. So, morning, when you maybe should come on to, after hours, you birthday. Would be my birthday when after hours is on one. Yeah, so when you come on for after hours, you're birthday. I want Mr. Judy to have a cake. You can have a little birthday cake for you. How old are you going to be? 49. 49. Well, next year's the big one. So, you can do master's national. I don't know. I'm going to marry up in a 50. You actually might have to actually recall fighting your pro car who knows, right? I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I got to wrap this up guys. I hope you have a great great point. The July of my, I'm very patriotic today. Here, Lee's very patriotic with his shirt on. And as we say every week here at heavy muscle radio with heavy muscle radio. The truth. I'm sorry. Yeah, sorry guys. You're not going to. Let's break.