I'm here with Remi Court Chemi, No Dinos, Speed and Agility Coach. They brought you on you. You've worked with some top class track athletes over the years. Duane Chambers comes to mind Kelly White. Right Kelly White. Look at the average Christian girl. Chris the games. And you've had Olympic and world champions in your corner. How did you wind up with boxing? Victor Kahn, Victor Dad, Guy Victor Kahn, the guy is the name he's coming up. Here, all this, try to find him. He's stuck you back in. No, Samsung can new for the different sport. We just talk this game about similarity of different sport. And I started to have the, I think the boxers and tennis players because a lot of similarities, right? And she said, you know, I have some boxers, you would like to work with and try to develop Samsung for them. I know that I'm very creative with just a leg to design Samsung can you, I like to apply Samsung can you in training? Number one, because of over educated. You're always good. Now what is your education back then? MKFP is in physiology. Do you PhD in physiology? Where did you get earned that PhD? In 62 in the desert. And oh, that's the Russia. Yes. And you were in Russia back? That was during the Soviet Union. I killed 74. Yes. I was in the Korean team and the Soviet Union, the team sprint coach and my brother, I was in the Russian team. I spent a lot of years in sports science. So I conducted a lot of research and I had a lot of publications about, you probably want to hear something about speed and he's saying the closing time. I said state and so I like to introduce Samsung can you and organize Samsung new training. What was it like training at the Soviet Union as opposed to the United States? Were the athletes more disciplined? It's not the discipline. Number one, they try to organize all athletes in the long training camps and the guidance of big scientific team. And coaches work very close to the scientists and they conduct every step of it. It doesn't mean that it will be a new work tracker, or tell, but in case of organization, all the system was very, very organized. So you learned a lot about training because you were able to detail every step of it. Absolutely. What the positive is that I learned from the time all the set of goals, all the things see what they want to achieve. And you can't actually approach the same way. You cannot cook soup if you don't know consequences or putting meat, vegetables and salt in the pot in order to have good taste. So many instances, coaches just drink, they don't know what is next. How to make a good soup? You know the soup, right? I know how to prepare, I know how to cook. Just by it in boxing, I am not in my own cook. I am just only person who cuts carrots. You cut carrots. The most talented athlete that you ever trained in your mind, the most talent. I think being shumbo, being shumbo, being shumbo is the best natural athlete you ever trained? Yes. I used to have my brain, a rhythm of his running. Really? Yes. What was so great about him? What was his main talent in your mind? I believe to be very explosive and very rapidly to deliver forces to his acceleration and his strong as part. It's reasons that he became an important champion in 60 meters because he had excellent rate of acceleration. I still use his video and his segments of running to educate my and not the sprint of thin and as an athlete. That's pretty impressive. Let's talk about Namedo D'Anear. He's a small guy. He only on the boxing ring he will weigh 118 pounds. You had to come up with a recipe if I might use your words. What was the recipe for Donita Senare's success? Number one, I never worked with a boxer before that. When I started training, I took a couple of videos and I just started to look how to move. There's a most important ability of giving a developed, this way, the play power is in boxing. I started to realize how to move and I came to intuition. The most important thing that I have to develop in the needle, in the needle, in the other, is the ability to reverse efforts. I call it a reverse ability of efforts. Which means what exactly? It means that you have immediately changed from one direction to another, without wasting time and without special preparation. I started to do training and educate Manita to do reverse effort. What techniques do you use to teach? I started to play my Banger Court and you could see it from pictures. I've seen the videos we have. Banger Court and you have these guys run with the courts. You do it too, I saw. Yes, I used it a lot for sprinters, but then I designed special way how to educate butters to use it and how to benefit from using the court. This fight, we see the best known needle donor that we've ever seen, the most explosive, the most powerful. Yes, he is very good in this case. Asmato, in fact, he was a number of how many repetition you can do sets with this cable drills and he did a maximum of that. I have a play for athletes who go through the number six. In my number six, I had, for example, under the course, that he was the best shape and where he fired after training with me. He had this match, and I had six that he could survive. It's very hard to survive, six sets of four different drills. It lasted about a minute and you have about 35-40 seconds of respite. It's very hard to repeat. It's very difficult. Since it's also impressed by the boxer, they have to recover. We've seen very short period of time. Samsung similarly, we have wind-wetrain in running capacity of an aerobic, like state power. And when I start to use this kind of approach, because in sport, the same lick in nutrition. I'll buy it, it doesn't recognize the word, bread, sugar, meat, very good, it's protein, carbohydrates, minerals, whatever. And now, exam, and our last start to produce different exam in order to break down protein, fat or carbohydrates. They don't know the name of Watermelon or something. The same in sport. I'll buy it when we load it. I did that with a recognized name. To them, 200 or 5-time, 100, around four or around back, pull the cable, put it, recognize how much force we have to produce in short of time, along with them. And how we can sustain a body of being contaminated with lactic acid and fri radical. Because we've seen short period of rest, we have to learn how to restore all this poison, bacteria, nutrients that we use for future. And he was covered quicker than he's ever covered. It's what I start to drink him. And he's starting to have a better, better, better. And as a matter of fact, in the last training, we'll need six or five-tission of six sets, he demonstrated excellent condition. And as a drill that I developed, the practice against, I used different, short-lived drills for cattle, and printers. And I discovered that the box of meat not just only to move oil in the back, they had to move, they had to bite, shoot him from one leg to another. And at the same time, be capable again to produce efforts to fight. And a designed special drill for Baxter. And now if you see a video, you can see how they move over the hot-woods, and how they can return effort and produce fast movements. Now you're the boxing expert, Trader. I would not say that I'm boxing, but I expert in condition of Baxter. You're putting new elements to their routines that they've never ever experienced before, that's more applicable to what they're doing in the box area. Because from my knowledge, even people who have education in Kinesiology, Physiology of Sport, they seem to know everything, but I met so many thousand coaches that made UK thousands. Yeah. They don't know how to apply this knowledge for sport. They seem to understand everything, but they deal with the sport as a sport itself. I don't tell claims that I'm professional in baseball, I'm professional in football, and I'm professional in training. Oh, but I know exactly how to develop different condition of different metabolism. For example, we have different metabolism for different sport. In spring video, mostly with an aerobic electrate metabolism. So we have to place special exercises, duration, intensity, and rest in order to restore ability to use this kind of metabolism. Then we have metabolism electrate on aerobic electrate metabolism. This anaerobic electrate metabolism can divide again in two parts, power of metabolism and capacity. What different? For example, if I have thousand dollars and I go to Walmart, it will take me long time to spend $1,000 by empty short. And I can go to Bloomingdale or Sax, $1,000. And immediately spend the stoutals by just one jacket. So you're bad, and you're brins have to recognize when you have a play, your energy and more fishing. Metabolism, sometimes we need to go to Walmart and spend $1,000 gradually. Sometimes we have to spend $1,000 instantly. So we have to train people to both ways, guys. OK. Production for the fight, looking to the camera, who wins. Does no leader don't air when? I want him to win. I don't like any prediction, but I know that he ready to fight very efficiently, that he ready to fight any number of rounds including 12. And I know that he always can deliver his best effort, any time when he won't and he need.