Today full-umbo, founder of Species Nutrition. I created Species Nutrition with one mission in mind. To provide body builders and serious athletes with no nonsense supplements that work and are backed by science. From my earliest body-building days, I believe in only putting the best in my body and that lives on in the Species Nutrition Lighter Products, we use only top of the line formulations, toast from maximum results and the best flavoring systems available. I've put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition Products. If you want to be your absolute best, join the evolution. Welcome back to live with Brostie Right, Species Nutrition. I'm Dave Palombo and today's guest is a good friend of the show. And I'm very proud to actually announce that he is the 2020 New York Pro Classic Physique Champion, a good friend, Logan Franklin, welcome back. Let's go on, man. Thanks for having me on. What a journey you've had, man, over the last couple years. And I can't even believe how big you are now, compared to when I first interviewed you. I don't even remember how many years ago it was when you were doing men's physique. It's like the transformation is mind-boggling. Yeah, I remember we actually did my very first interview together after I won the overall the 2014 NPC Nationals. We were, yeah, you were interviewing me and then you asked me to hit a few shots. And I did a side try set shot and you were like, what? I showed you my legs. I mean, you were just saying, what are you doing, men's physique? Yeah, because I saw the potential there. You just weren't that big back then. You had a nice structure, but I can see if you had added, if you were able to put the muscle on, which a lot of guys can, I said, if you put the muscle on, you're going to be dangerous, you know? Thank you. Let me ask you a question. How tall are you, first of all? I'm six foot, but it seems like I keep getting measured right under six foot, like five, 11. I got measured at five, 11, three, quarters and 10, relax. Oh, really? You've got to stretch yourself. You've got to hang from like a bar every day and get yourself. Yeah, I think that, yeah, I think that whenever you get a super dry, also like the solos you're feet thin down, everything just slightly in. You know, I think it has something to do with it, but yeah, I probably should get one of those things that you can hang upside down from and let my spine. Yeah, you know what? You can press. Yeah, you know what? That's going to be the new thing in class. Because they can have guys and the girls wear those like way shapeers to get their way smaller. Now, guys are going to like be, they're going to go in the, get these stretching machines to like make themselves like taller, so they can weigh more for class. I mean, right? Right? Big sense, man. Especially if you're, especially if you're right on the, oh, yeah. You know, huge difference. What's your weight cut off for your height? Well, if they measure me at six foot, it's 230. Right. If they measure me just under it like they did again this weekend, I believe it's 225. What did you weigh on stage in New York? 214. Really, you look so much bigger, holy macro. 214. That's it. 214 pounds. Look at you. 230. That's what, uh, that's what a lot of people say when they, when they see me in person, you know, but the funny thing about that is, you know, I have so much, you know, people that don't appreciate my physique, I guess, would say or people that, no, it's going to be haters no matter why you know that. Yeah, yeah, these, these people that are saying that I'm too small and all this and that, but I, I really don't look small. And it's because I get in such crazy conditioning and dryness and hardness and I guess the flow and symmetry of my physique and the way that I flare up and, and poses helps, you know, make me look bigger as well. Yeah, you know why people don't, the, the, the, the, the, the dash you because because because you're too confident yourself, which is good, obviously for competing because you, you guarantee that you were going to, you know, do this a couple of years ago and and people thought, well, yeah, whatever, you know, and now you did it and so people like they're jealous of the fact that you actually able to produce what you predicted you were going to do, you know, it's like the Andre Ferguson Andre Ferguson's always predicting victory and people can't wait to lose his, but you never loses, you know, yeah, people need to understand, you know, it's, it's not, arrogance whenever someone says they're set out to do something, you know, sure, a lot of this is manifestation, you know, I got to, I got to have this profound belief in myself, you know, in order to make, you know, my dream come to life and people, you know, need to understand that that's something that you have to do, that's a mindset you have to have in order to, you know, even have a chance at, you know, reaching your full potential and wherever that's going to take you, maybe one day be a great body builder or a champion body builder or whatever or it doesn't even have to be in body building, you can be in any career path that you have, you know, but mindset, you know, it truly is everything because if you don't have a, if you're not powerful and you're mind about your vision, you know, you don't have that full passion, you're not going to give it everything you've got and that's just what I truly believe. Well, the interesting thing is that you don't, I've never seen you bash anyone, you don't bash other people, you just talk confidently about yourself, there's a big difference there, you're, you're focusing on what you want to create, you're not like trying to play down what other people are and I think that there's a huge difference. I've seen other guys that they have bashing everyone saying, oh, I should have beat this guy, he sucks, this one does not this, you just talk about yourself and that that's a huge separation and I think a lot of people have to really understand that if you want to, like you said, if you want to create something special about your physique, then you have to focus on yourself and not worry about what the other people are doing. Exactly. This is exactly right. And you know, going back to that, you know, as the late, you know, a lot of people have been trying to, you know, make this beef between Chris Bum said and I out of, out of thin air, out of nothing and it was all, it all started because someone commented on one of my posts, I posted a front double by step that I ended up deleting just because I was leading up to the New York pro and I wanted to start going dark anyway and I was tired of comments and all this and that but someone asked me if I thought that, you know, I could hang with Chris and I believe that I can, you know, or if Chris was beatable and I said, yeah, why not use beatable? You know, he's got beat by Brianna, you know, I mean, in previous years, everyone's beatable, you know, at some point. And you know, this is what I said and then all this sudden now, everyone before this was before the New York pro. Yeah. And that's how I responded and then all of a sudden, you know, people are saying, all Logan thinks he's going to come in and just dominate everybody with the Olympia and it's like, no, hold up back up. I never said any of that. Like the salt, the all are taking this way out of context. Yeah. Well, you know, it's funny, this when Jake Houghtler was, you know, battling it out with Ronnie Coleman, I've never heard, I never heard Jay Badmout Ronnie at all, but he did say I can beat him and he always believed that. And I think a lot of people thought that Ronnie was unbeatable. I thought he was unbeatable. I said, he won't lose until he beats himself. But Jay always believed that he can beat him. And you know, I don't think there was ever a moment if you asked him, hey, can you beat Ronnie? He would always say, yes. And so that was his single mind that goal. And he did beat him, obviously, you know, more than one. That's how I feel, man, I truly feel that, you know, if I do everything necessary, you know, and I have a, you know, an outstanding preparation, you know, for the Mr. Olympia, my body responds well. And, you know, I make the certain adjustments in my training that I'm going to make, you know, improve on the certain, you know, things that I've been, you know, envisioning in my head to work towards a certain physique that I have in mind, you know, as long as I do these things, I think that I have a strong chance. And, you know, I'm going to, I'm going to keep that belief inside of me as strong as I can because I'm going to do everything that I can to make it a reality. The crazy thing, though, is you still got 11 pounds, you can, you can gain of muscle and still make that classic physique cutoff, if that's incredible. And when you think about it, I, that's why I think the tall guys have an advantage because you can't hold more muscle on your body. And obviously, your bones must be hollow or something like that. I don't know how you look so big and you're not, you're not, you're only way to 14. But on stage, you know, you also have mastered. And I don't know if you got this maybe from, from men's physique, which helped you. Obviously, because that's where you got your start. Obviously, that's where you were a pro and you did well there, one shows. You have very good stage presence. And you really have a good body awareness, much, you know, I wish I had your body awareness when I was competing because you, you know where you are at all times on stage and in space. And it really shows when you hit that Arnold pose. You know, I know you, I know you put that comparison up on your Instagram, maybe tell you, you pulled that up of you verse. You and Arnold hit in that same twisting back shot. I love it. I mean, that's, that's a hard post to hit. People don't realize that I guarantee you, you must have practiced that a thousand times. But I've been, oh, man, I put so much work in my posing, you know, over the last 12 months, 13 months because, I mean, I just switched to classic physique from men's physique, you know, as everybody is probably aware of that, that knows why I am. Last year, I did the Tampa Pro and I was actually winning the show and I faded into my posing and I got placed third, you know, because I wasn't, I didn't prepare myself properly and didn't practice my posing the way, you know, I should have, you know, and, and I didn't have a very good routine at all, you know, super awkward. I was not confident in the way that my routine was set up or any of that. And it definitely showed on stage. And on top of that, you know, stepping on stage for the first time in a different division and underwear, it seemed like at the time, you know, it was a bunch of a bunch of nerves going to the same time, you know, I had some anxiety go on. Yeah, most people don't do their first bodybuilding show when they're in as a pro, you know, they do it as like, yeah, an amateur, you know, and on top of that, you know, already having the name that I've built, you know, in the mid-spezique division and, you know, it was like all eyes on me whenever I made that switch to, you know, that show and it was a lot of pressure and I cracked a little bit, but it's all right, after that show, you know, I needed that adversity. I needed that that in my eyes, that failure for me to never allow to happen again. And it never will happen again. You know, I've made a complete 180 and like I said, you know, my posing was so heavily criticized after that show that made me go, you know what? Like, I know I'm a good poser because I was a really good poser and it's a great, great, we were not hitting shots, but I knew that I had flow. I knew that I could, I could put together a combination of what I thought was my better shots and make them and make it look sequential and nice, you know, and, you know, it just took me, you know, you know, my pristine focus to really just buckle down and give it everything that I had and that's what I did and I did everything but gave up, you know, and I prepared to my ultimate, you know, best of my ability and it paid off, man. It really did. I'm super happy with how my posing routine and how my posing on stage turned out. Like I said, man, I put so much work into it and it just, it shows and it paid off and, and, man, I've been on cloud nine since Saturday, like no joke, man. I mean, you're the most, you got to think you're the most successful guy in terms of being able to transition from men's physique to classic, I think and, you know, a lot of people think, you know, it can't be done because a lot of the men's physique guys have no legs. I knew I always knew you had legs because I saw him when you said that first time you, you, uh, I interviewed you, but a lot of these guys have no legs, so it's very hard for them to catch their legs up. You have, you see to be very well balanced, upper and lower. I, to be honest with you, when I look at your physique, I don't see any flaws like in the sense of like, oh, he's he's lacking here, lacking there. Which means you have good harmony with your physique and that's, that's, I think, one of the reasons why the created classic physique was for guys like you that necessarily won't be the mass monster, but that you have such good flow to your physique that it's, it's actually not, it's enjoyable to watch you on stage, you know. Thank you, man. It feels really good to hear things like this, you know, I've gotten, I've gotten so many great, you know, you know, like people saying great things about me, like you just said recently, especially after my performance, and it feels really good, man. Like I said, I've worked so hard and, and it feels amazing that people are starting to see what what I've been seeing for so long in myself and, and, uh, man, I'm just, I'm just excited for, you know, the future and the trajectory of my career and, and where things are going to go, because, you know, this is, this is just the beginning. I, I, I just now started having this vision of, of how I wanted my physique to shape, you know, about a year and a half two years ago, in terms of how I needed to look to, in certain poses, you know, how I needed to train, you know, what muscle groups needed to come up and, and, uh, in having that vision of, like I said earlier, a vision of a certain specific shape that I want to have of, you know, you know, someone back in the old, the old school days, you know, like something that I'm working towards and just keeping that, that shape in my mind and, and working for it. And that's what I'm doing and, and, uh, you're doing it right. Let me ask you a question. How does it feel to be a father? Feels great, man. It feels, it's life, my life has been changed instantly. I know, believe me. I, I, I experienced it too recently. So I, I just want to know how is it like as a head of your, you know, because I, I know, look, young kids don't sleep and it's like it changes your whole schedule around, too. Yeah, it, it, it definitely, uh, presented challenges, you know, stress and, and, uh, you know, annoyances whenever he was like screaming all day, he had colleagues or, uh, just teasing now and, and just doing this for the first time and trying to, you know, balance being a father and, and being a family man and at the same time, you know, you know, giving everything to my passion and, and making sure that, you know, I was going to come in at the, at my very best and, and, uh, have a redemption performance from the last time that I've set on stage. So like I said, it was, it definitely brought some challenges, but at the same time, you know, it gave me energy, it gave me, it gave me strength and, and, you know, it, it changed my whole, it changed my whole, like, wavelength of thinking and, and how it, it wasn't, this whole thing wasn't just for fun anymore. This is what my son is going to, this is who my son is going to know. He has my dad's, uh, this guy, you know, he can see me and how I, I'm living my life and, and, and see how I, I'm giving it all towards something and he can apply the same, whatever he gets older, you know, so, uh, that's where, that's where I'm at now, man. It's just trying to set a, uh, as best of an example for my son and, that I can and, and go with it, man, and try to, try to go all the way. Yeah, and, uh, you've been, you've been a, you've been a bank baby mom in there because, uh, I'm sure she picked up a lot of slack while you were dieting, right? Yeah, yeah, man. She, she's been so, so great, you know, I'm definitely blessed to have such a strong woman, you know, in my life, you know, someone that was able to, you know, take over whenever I couldn't, you know, take over the night shifts, whenever I need to sleep, she allowed me to just sleep and recover and yeah, and it was just such a blessing and, and, uh, man, she, she's a great teammate, you know, great partner, you know, future spouse, and, and, uh, it's just exciting, man. It's exciting because I'm exactly where I want to be in it, and, and, and, you know, life is starting to feel like life, you know, you know, you know, you work so hard to get to a certain point, and then you kind of get to a point where you say, okay, you know what, I've achieved the level of success that I actually feel good about, and now I could take that and I could run with that, but, you know, and you, if you get how hard it was leading up to that point, but, you know, you have a, you have a tremendous social media following, I mean, what, I like to ask guys because I, everyone has a different answer to this question, so why do you think that, you know, you have so many people who follow you and who want to know every little nuance of everything that you do during the day? What, what is it about Logan Franklin that makes you appealing to the, to the, to the mass, uh, people? Man, I mean, I guess, I guess part of it is just because, you know, I'm a go-getter, you know, I, uh, I mean, some, some people like the, the confidence, you know, in the belief and they, they translated to their themselves, you know, that's really what I do it for, you know, or why I speak, how I speak, you know, on social media, whenever I'm like, I'm gonna do this, you know, and I'm gonna show you guys that I'm gonna do this, you know, and, and have that mindset, you know, it's, it's not just for me, it's for, it's for me to show people out there that it's okay to have this, to have belief in yourself, it's okay to have, to have passion, you know, and, and, and to work hard and say that you're gonna do something and, and it's, especially if you're actually trying, especially if you're actually giving it your all to make it happen, and, instead of just not just saying something and not doing and thinking about what you're trying to say and trying to back it up, you know, so maybe, you know, part of that has something to do with it, maybe it's because I'm a, I'm a veteran and people have some, some type of respect for that, I mean, I don't know, I don't know, I just try to be, you know, as good of a man as I can be and, and, you know, let my presence flow naturally and organically will, you know, it'll grow the following, you know, grow, you know, a fan base, people that support me too, and it also make people dislike me, I mean, I have a lot of people that don't want to see me succeed as well. I had a lot of, a lot of people wanted me to not win this week and in hoping that I was gonna show up out of shape and, and look terrible in my posing and I knew all these things, you know, but you know, at the same time, I know that I have even more people that support me, and, but one thing that I've learned, especially the last, you know, a few years as I've gotten older and matured up a little bit is just, you know, it doesn't matter what anybody has to say, whether that's, whether that's positive energy that people are given me or negative energy, you know, I don't, you know, I've tried not to listen to any of it, you know, I've tried to just silence all of the noise and, and just focus on what I believe and what I'm set out to do. That's a, first of all, that's a very healthy attitude because you know what, I was, you know, I've talked to Ian Valier about this after Tampa and he was really, you know, mentally, you know, it was not in a good place and he seemed to be mentally in a better place. Also in New York, he wins obviously, but he took a lot of flack, you know, wait more than you took, a lot of people thought he shouldn't have won. I thought he did enough to win, but you know, a lot of people thought he shouldn't have and they took a lot of criticism and it's really, it's bothering him a lot now and I know that he, he didn't really want to interview because he feels that this, to how much hate out there and I think that he could take a, almost like a little bit of some words of wisdom that you're saying here, which is don't worry about what anyone thinks. Who cares? You got the win on in five years or now, no one's going to know or no one's going to even did I get to remember the show that he's going to see you won the show and think that the, if you can convince the judges to give you the win, then you did something right up there, energetically speaking, physique wise, you know, whether it was a small margin win or a big margin, it doesn't matter. A win is a win and that's what people have to understand. Not everyone's going to agree with everything you do or say or achieve and that's a lot of it's jealousy and I think that people have to just get, you know, it's hard to wrap your head around that because everyone wants everyone to love them. It's bodybuilders, we want love and adoration from the crowd and from the fans and from social media, but you're not going to get that from everyone. I look, I post a video and I get more just as much criticism as I get positives in the comments and I don't remove a single comment ever unless it's against my family or something like that, but because I don't care, it doesn't make, it doesn't alter my life one I owe to. I know what I want to achieve and what I want to do and my creative processes and I don't let anything get in the way of that and I see you're very similar to that. And that's why I think you have a level of success that's so impressive at this point and I think why you're so confident in yourself because you don't let the good opinion of others influence how you feel. Yeah, like I said, good or bad, you know. I mean, you know, it's just as detrimental to your mindset in my opinion, you know, listening to all the good positivity because that can make you get complacent and make you really believe that you're good enough yet and I don't think that I'm good enough. I don't think that I'm, I'm always going to have things that I'm going to want to improve on it. And I'm hungry man, I mean, I'm not trying to, I'm not trying to just get to hear and then do this. You know, I'm trying to just continue, you know, and every time I step on stage, you're all going to bring something, you know, crazier than the previous one and just consistently, you know, bring something amazing for this photo body building and the fans of body building to witness and and man, that's what I'm about. Well, I'm just, you, you're, you're doing it, you're doing it right. You got some good sponsorship through Dragon Farm. I know they're supporting you. It's big company. They also, they have rammy under contract as well and a couple of the big athletes. So that's going to make you feel good. It gives you some financial security. So, I mean, it, you're at a stage where you actually are making a living from body building. That's got to feel good. I would think. Oh, yeah. I mean, I've been, I've been making a living for a body building since 2015. I've been living solely, wow, you know, off of fitness and, and, and doing this man and, and it's just hard work. You know, it's, it's hard work and not, you know, not settling for anything less than my best of myself, you know? Yeah. And, and I, I mean, I think I'm doing all right, man. Yeah, you're doing great. Well, I want to just once again congratulate you on that big win in New York and, of course, good luck on your prep for the Olympia that's going to be taking place in December. Obviously, in Las Vegas, you'll be up on that stage battling and out with the best of the best. And that's got to feel good and, you know, once again, congratulations on becoming a new father and, uh, and on your entire career. Thank you, man. I appreciate that so much. All right. You guys are having me on. No problem. And, uh, you want to thank anyone before we let you go? Oh, yeah, just, you know, everyone that's supporting me all my fans here out there. Like I said, thank you guys all, you know, continuously supporting me, uh, my coach, you know, being so passionate about his job as well. Who's your coach? I mentioned. AJ Sims. Yep. Yep. Submit factory. Okay. Yeah. So, uh, amazing coach, amazing, amazing, amazing Christian man. Uh, you know, obviously my partner, Marissa, thank you, you know, she's doing so much for me, my, my manager, all this stuff. So, yeah, man. Look, you got it right. You got the whole, you got the whole, uh, the whole support team and the whole crew behind me there. It's not a one man show as we all know. And, uh, you know, once again, congratulations on all your success. Guys, that's going to take us to the end of another episode of Live with Brought to you by Species Nutrition. I'm Dave Palombo. We'll see you next time.