Welcome back to Muscle in the Morning on Dave Palavo and today is Wednesday June 27, 2018. I'll look find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Ladies and gentlemen, it's that time again. Welcome back to our Axe Muscle's world class recap Wednesday. And without further ado, let's get right into this week's action. Starting off on the other side of the pond at the UK Pro Championships. In the men's physique division, the win went to Swiss import David Wachelka, who clenched his first Olympia birth in the process. Coming in second with Spain's Andriano Moreno and closing off the top-reelist Frenchman Maxim E. Parisi. In the bikini division, Christobolina Paharez brought her best of the season on her way to being awarded with the win as she held off a solid effort from the hometown girl, Phoebe Hagen, and represents you the red white and blue for this other strong effort was third place's Francesco Lauren. Now we come way back down state side all the way down to one of my favorite places on the planet. Norlyn, Louisiana where we had one hell of a battle on Bourbon Street at this year's edition of the greater Gulf States Pro. In the men's physique division, former NPC National Champ Roman Miranda popped up from out of nowhere to grab the win. Second place went to rookie Kathy Jackson, who now has back to back top three finishes to start his career. And closing out third with his best effort of the season was Culli Alfornley. In the bikini division, it was business as usual for Marcec on Cubs, who was the clear winner from the mid-it-she stepped out on stage. Unfortunately for her, Natasha Coleman was relegated his second despite putting together one of her better looks of the year. And closing out the top-reelist was the only athlete in the division with a name so nice you have to say it twice. Cheeto. If you're like me and you love great food, great people, and great competition, then there was no better place to be on the planet last weekend than just water lahara Mexico. Because there was plenty to see and do down at the Mexico Super Show, including some more action in the men's physique division. There might have been a little bit of home town cooking. First place went to Mexico native, Ishmai Alda Mingez, as he edged out rookie extraordinaire, a came Scott for the win. finishing second was the surging Tonelle Rodriguez who managed to hold off an eventual fourth place finisher, Colombia in Fernando, Shala, and wrapping up a very international top five was Venezuela native Victor Ramirez. One of the coolest things about sports is that they give you a real chance to experience some pretty incredible comeback stories, a hundred times better than anything you'll ever see in Hollywood. And two weeks from now, we'll get to see another one of those first-hand. When former men's physique Olympian Michael Anderson makes his way back to the stage after undergoing 22 surgeries over the course of 13 months, that eventually led to the loss of his leg. Anderson is only a few days away from stepping onto an IFB stage for the first time since 2015. From my personal experience, I can tell you that Anderson was always one of the truly great guys in the industry. So I hope when he gets out on that Chicago pro stage that the fans recognize what they're seeing and give a misunderstanding oldation. Because there's anyone out there who deserves it. It's Michael Anderson. If you're one of those people who made it your summer mission, to put a few more stamps on your passport, then it might not be a bad idea to board a plane and hit up Vancouver two weeks from now to check out some of the pro leagues best going to work. And while you're up there, don't forget to stop by and check out our old friend, Lucas Oslo. Last week, the longtime veteran made the announcement that he was planning to make his presence felt at the Vancouver pro. But the hope of scoring a few points to mount a late-season push towards an Olympia bid. From a conditioning standpoint, you could always count on Lucas to be one of the top two or three guys in the entire field. But with the level of talent that we're anticipating at this lineup, it'll really take one hell of an effort from to be able to close some of those gaps and come out there with a win in his pocket. And that does it to yet another addition of muscle in the morning. On daypalombo, reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.