What's up, body-building fans? Dave Palombo here with an RX muscle, news update. The Vancouver Pro show took place this past weekend, even though it might have been overshadowed a little bit of the Chicago Pro show. The bottom line, however, is that there was some quality competitors here, even though the lineup might have been a little more sparse. It was 12 guys in the lineup. I felt that the competition here in Vancouver might have been deeper than in Chicago. Chicago we had some good guys in the top two, three spots, but it wasn't that deep. I think we had a good five guys deep here in Vancouver. Let's start with the winner right off the bat. Lucas Osseldall, we've seen him over the years. I watched this guy grow up in front of me, so to speak. Bill Comstack, who used to work for Muscle Development, and I worked together. He shot this guy back in the day before he was even a pro. I saw some muscle and density and conditioning on this guy that I have never seen. He reminds me of Andreas Munzer. And Andreas Munzer didn't have the greatest physique, but he was the hardest guy always on stage. There was no one more shredded than him. When Lucas Osseldall nails his conditioning, that's he's Andreas Munzer of the modern era. He's got striations upon striations. His glutes not only get striated, but they get like fibery striated. He likes to even oscillate them a little, and no pun on his last name Osseldall. But on stage, and he does some interesting maneuvers on stage as well. He has some interesting acrobatics. He does some stretching moves and he puts his head as foot over his head. He has very good body awareness and body control. That's impressive on stage. When you can control, even though you might not have the prettiest physique, if you bring tremendous conditioning and you have good ability to present what you have, that raises your game up tremendously, and it gives you a very professional look to your physique on stage. And sometimes you beat guys that are actually better than you because you are able to show your gifts better in high-dure weaknesses. Whereas there are a lot of guys who have more gifts, maybe, than the arrest of the competition, but they don't have to exploit those, and they don't have to hide their weaknesses. So a lot of times, you look at pictures after you know, like, how did this guy win? But the bottom line is that you have to be there in that front row to really get an understanding of why he won. And I'm sure Luke is, well, in video and in pictures his conditioning does show, you're not getting a true appreciation for it, unless you're right there in person. I've seen it, and I've witnessed it firsthand, and I know exactly what it looks like in person, and the pictures just don't capture. There are a couple shots back double bicep that you can kind of see it. But if you would go like exclusive on the pictures, you'd be like, this guy can't, this guy didn't win the show, you know, probably, you know, one of the most impressive guys, and I think probably one of the guys of the most hype going into the show had to be Alexis Rallone. A lot of people know him, he has two last names, Alexis Rivera Rallone, but we know the guy won the, you know, NPC Nationals of Alexis Rallone from Puerto Rico. And he is one of the most dangerous guys in this line I've been in my mind. He's got the most tools. I think he could have been a little dialed in a little better for this show. I think last year we saw him dialed in a little tighter, and had he done that I think he would have certainly beaten Lucas because I think he's got a better structure and he's got better, more muscle than he does. But I think he left the door open a little bit here. Alexis is a true talent. This is a guy who could certainly work his way up into being a super top competitor, you know, possibly even a top, you know, top six, top eight Olympian at some point if he continues to make improvements. He has the tool set that you need to go far in the professional ranks of bodybuilding. And once again, Lucas beats him because Lucas shows his physique off better, he comes in more dialed and Alexis leaves the door open a little bit, you know, in the conditioning department. You know, like I said, this is a guy who, you know, can show up next week and when a show easy. I mean, here's a, there's only a few guys out there that actually have the tool set that, you know, structurally to win shows on a regular basis. And Alexis certainly fits that bill. Now Josh Wade is, is it what I call the workhorse. No one works hard in the Josh Wade. He's always in the great shape. He doesn't have the prettiest structure, but his conditioning is always impeccable. He knows how to execute the mandatory poses. He's getting a lot of stage confidence in himself. Now because he's doing a lot of shows, my worry is that he's going to do too many shows and his body is going to start getting worse. I don't think this is the best Josh Wade we saw all season, but I think from a conditioning standpoint, it was really good. So Josh, you know, comes in 30 year by virtue of the fact that he's, he's just ultra conditioned here and he's a hardcore guy. And he's another guy, you don't really, you can't get a good grip about how good he is unless you see him in person because his conditioning comes out even better. You what you do is you see in pictures you just see a structural flaws and you're not seeing what he brings through the table in terms of gifts in which his amount of muscle he carries and the way he presents this muscle. And obviously the conditioning he brings as well. So if you look at these top three guys, all three of them, including Alexis, even though he wasn't as best, we're all in terrific shape. So this top three in my mind is certainly better than the top three in Chicago with the exception, the fact that I think lock it and Sergio were better than this whole line up. But I think they would have been one two here in this lineup as well. In fourth place, you know, Ian Valier is probably in my mind the most impressive guy with the most toolset of anyone in the lineup. He's structurally phenomenal. He's put on an enormous amount of muscle since I first storm turned pro at the Latin American amateur Olympian in Alco Polco Mexico. And he's improved every single year. And this is a guy who structurally can hang also with the big boys. I don't know, something is a little off. I don't know if he was a little flat here. Maybe it's posing wasn't quite as good as I thought. I saw some pictures of him last week and I was like crazy impressed. I was so impressed that I actually put it on my Instagram and I very, really put pictures of other people on there, unless they're my clients or to myself. But it was like a most muscular crap shot that just has a lot of density, a lot of great muscle. He's a guy, you know, I've been saying it for about a year or two now that it's going to be a definite, you know, Hobie in that Olympia top six and dare I say in another couple of years I believe. I think he's, you know, so me doesn't get hurt or nothing happens. So I'm health wise. This is a guy who is just improving the right way, slowly but surely putting the muscle in the right place. He's got a small way, he's got a good wide shoulders. He structurally can hold a lot of muscle on his body without it, you know, ruining his shape. I probably would have had him a couple places higher. I would have had him over Josh Wade and I probably would have had him over Alexis Rivera because I think his conditioning was better. I don't think anyone would have complained if he and Valia had finished second in this line and you know what, you probably can make a case for the guy winning. Even though Lucas was just tremendously conditioned Ian structurally is better than him. So I think it's a fair placing for Ian but I think at the same time that no one would have complained that he'd been higher. And that's a tremendous feather in his cap. That, you know, he might be the most, I guess you could say, potent guy in this line up in the sense. So the guy may be the highest impact competitor in this Vancouver pro because I think he comes away with this from this show with like the most potential, especially moving forward. Now finishing in the fifth was it Ronaldo Gary who also looked really good. This guy has got also a great tool set. He just, you know, he ran into some guys that were really good but his conditioning was tremendous. If you look at these top five, all five guys had tried to glue it, they were all in terrific shape way better than it should be better than the line of Psearch Chicago from a conditioning standpoint. And that, you don't see that very often. How many pro men's open shows do you see where at the top five guys are all ultra conditioned, you know, almost to the point of like, you know, being perfect? Like I said, I think Alexis could have been a little, I think he could have been a little harder but he still was tremendously conditioned. So it's not face, I'm not criticizing him or whatsoever. I'm being giving a lot of constructive criticism here because I think he could be better than he was. But this is a great top five and I think that the fact that it occurred on the same week in a Chicago pro tells you that there are a lot of good open men's pro competitors out there because they were able to feel two shows and give you two great shows on the same day. And that says a lot, you know, everyone wants to say that men's bodybuilding is dying. I challenge you to show me where because we're seeing tremendous competitors out there. We're seeing good top five lineups and if we can do it and feel it on the same week. And imagine if all these guys were combined into one show, who would have finished where? That would have been some virtual, you know, opposed down that we could have set up and tried to figure out. We never would have been able to do it in a hundred years if we tried. But it's good for bodybuilding. Congratulations to Lucas Ostele going back to yet another Olympia. He is a testament to the fact that hard work, practicing your posing, dieting hard, sacrificing pays off with the win here and bragging rights to say I beat some super great competitors, probably some future, you know, stars in the making. Congratulations, Lucas and everyone in Vancouver. I'm Dave Palombo with an RX muscle news update.