Welcome back to live with Brought You by Stacey Nutrition. Visit staceynutrition.com. I'm Dave Palamba. And today's guest, Luke Carroll, is our 2018 NPC USA Heavyweight champ and new IFB Pro. Congratulations. Thank you. Big win for you. Yeah. I was really excited. You know, it's funny. I hate to talk about the negative aspect of it because everything you did was positive. It came in. You dominated that heavyweight class. You won. Convincingly. But I know that you were not happy with the outcome of the overall. Talk to me a little bit about that. Yeah. We were definitely shooting for the overall. And I was a little surprised on stage when I didn't hear my name called. So, but the heavyweight chain he was, he was peeled man. I think I beat him on on shape, but he just was peeled. And he has that like dense muscle. So, yeah. Shainseter, we talked him before. He's grainy, granity hard. You obviously, a lot of people felt you were going to win that because I think when they played you guys up. So, the overall they had you in the middle, right? Yeah, they put me in the middle. And I was standing in the box and I was like, I'm shit. This is happening. Yeah. And they put Henry on my right and Shane was on my left. And I was like, I'm standing right in the middle. And you know, it just went Shane's way. So, I'd like to see the scorecard and see how it did stack up with that. They're probably pretty close. You know, it's funny. But thinking about back to when I was competing had this been in the 1990s or even the early 2000s, you wouldn't have got a pro card. They only gave the pro card to the overall winner. So, think about how cool that is now that all the way class went and get them, you know? Yeah. Because I got a fact of Chris. Chris Cook, if you remember that name, one of the USA heavy, a super heavyweight championships twice. Two years in a row and didn't get a pro card. That's pretty real good. Yeah, that's right. That's very rough. And actually, back when he was doing it, they would gave two pro cards per class. A per for the overall. And he still didn't get it. So, he didn't get the first or second in the overalls got the third. Yeah, that would definitely be a kick in the teeth. That's tough. It's a tough, it's a tough loss today. But I thought my loss was worse because I came in second behind him. So, you know, who knows? The bottom line is you got the pro card. Let's talk about your body building career because everyone starts out differently. Where does you get your start? What, who introduced you to body building and had you get bit by the Iron Bug, so to speak? You know, I got bit by the Iron Bug just from the very beginning at 13 years old. I had to petition my high school to let me into a senior weightlifting class as a freshman. And the principal said, yeah, okay. And I went in there and just, you know, obviously did the same thing that everyone does. He's trying to lift and grow. And then one of the coaches in there was a Olympic weightlifting coach. And he said, let's try these, you know, snatches, clean and jerk. So he did that and I just took to it right away and then we spent a couple of years really training on that. And I ended up winning state a few times, grow several state records and then state that I lived in. And then when I got out of high school, you know, I just kind of jumped into a job, manual labor kind of stuff. And then I lifted, you know, as much as I could, I actually cleaned a gym so that they would give me a membership. Help my girl, try and go through college. So they give me like this spray bottle and I was right down the showers and wipe down the equipment and stuff. And then a couple years later, I got introduced to ALR, author L. Ray. He saw me in the gym, he just lived in the same town and he said, oh, you got some pretty good genetics like lunch start coming to the gym with me. So I went to the gym with him. That's a good impression, by the way, I'm very good. What's that? That was a very good impression of him too. Yeah. May he rest on peace because he's no longer with us yet. Yeah, they have rest on peace. And so he ended up taking me to the Alipia for security for his booth. I'm that year. I think I was about 22 or 23 years old. And then after that, he said, you want to work for my company and I said, you know what? I got a job. I'm good. And then about three days later, I said, I called him back and I said, hey, and I take that and he said, no, we hired somebody and all right, he called me the next day and said, start coming to the gym with me and come into work on Monday. So just bodybuilding kind of got, you know, went from there. I didn't really know a whole lot before that. I was just, you know, Olympic lifting and stuff. And then he really put my foundation of bodybuilding. Were you with him when I, when he was sponsoring all our art muscle coverage? I'm trying to remember who you were. Yeah, yeah, I was there. That was like right when you left MD. Okay. I was working in the, I was doing a shipping and then I was doing in, in how sales. Okay. I'm doing, I'm kind of just everything there. That was a small company at the time. Yeah. So he was, he did well though. He had a good run there, you know. Yeah, he had that venom hyperdrive and that stuff, which is everyone loved that stuff for a few years there. And then they got into the bodybuilding shop. There's still a company I think high tech owns the now. Yeah, high tech owned the bottom out. Yeah. Now, interestingly enough, because I always say that, you know, bodybuilds got to find their niche and make sure you found your niche because from working with him, you kind of took the knowledge you got and you kind of started your own business. Tell us a little bit about what you do. Yeah. I own a Nutraceutical Manufacturer. I don't do that manufacturing. I just help, like stores make their own in-house brands. You like a broker, essentially, right? Well, you know, I want to make a like a fat burner or like a in-house creatine or something like that. And I kind of facilitate just every step of the way, you know, whether I order the raws, you know, domestically or internationally and then having shipped to a manufacturer. Have the label created with a graphic artist and it's of the label maker. Just every step of the way. So they give me a check and then I give them product. That's awesome. That's it. You enjoy doing that? Yeah, I really do. It's something I can kind of just do a lot from my phones. So it affords me the time to go for the gym and eat and everything. So it's a good job for a bodybuilder. Yeah, but it is a little stressful because you got to deal with all the headaches and stuff and compliance and things passing inspections and all that stuff. You know what? I really don't have a whole lot because I had to deal with the GNP facilities. So I kind of just started once before the GNP. I just kind of ordered stuff myself. But now I just have the manufacturer. That's easy. That's what it is. It's all just kind of like streamlines. So you're essentially a supplement broker is what you are. Yeah, pretty much. Which is good. I use one because you know what? I don't have time to do all this. The running around stuff. And I have a big company. So you guys are tremendously, you know, I guess you could say useful. And they sent you, you say people a lot of time. And that's what I think the best benefit of using a broker is because otherwise you have to have a full staff of people doing all this stuff. You know, and who wants that? I don't want to be bothered about that. Yeah, for sure. Talk to me a little bit about, you know, what your future goals are now. Now that you've got the pro card obviously, a lot of guys are jumping right into competing. I think you're going to fall right into that little, that little cup of tea as well. Yeah, we're actually in Tampa right now. We flew in. See yesterday morning and we kind of been training over at Ben Pocoski's MIT 40 gym. Nice. Getting the water off me and resting me enough. So we're actually going to be in the men's open class on Saturday. I was going to say you look very big. Yeah, I thought initially we're going to suck down to the to 12 class, but you're going open, huh? No, yeah, we, I started a week out from the USA is about 2.35. And then we've cut me down to 224 for way in. Right. And that was, that was a hard cut. I was already in and pretty dry. So 11 pounds is not, not happy to take off. And then we already filled back out. So I was about 241 this morning. So we'll see once we play a little bit of water and film me out a little bit more. It might be around 235 to 38 on stage. You look big now. Give us a double bicep pose. Let's see those arms. You look a lot bigger than you. You're a lot bigger than you are than you are saying. That's for sure. Yeah, yeah, we really had to suck me down. I didn't end up beating for about 20 hours. And that was, that was a pretty rough, pretty rough one. I threw the end because the day's leading in do it. I was very low fat, just white fish and veggies. So I was not not happy to be around for that week. Yeah, you know what the guys you suffered the most like that. Those are the guys that win and that's new fall to that category. So congratulations on that. Yeah, I was going to happy. My ways got got real tiny on stage. So that that empty now ended up working well for me. You know, you got to do what you got to do. Some people are not willing to go through that uncomfortable place of suffering and pain and stuff like that. But you know, I always used to think of it in my hand. I'm sure you do the same thing. You say to yourself, well, the guy who's next to me on stage might be suffering more than me. So I can't allow that to happen. Yep, yeah, I was, you know, I was watching, you know, all those, bodybuilding pages on Instagram and I'd see the guys getting more shredded, more shredded. And I would just push myself harder and harder and harder. So I got lined up with Phil Viz in March and he coached me for the USA's. And he, he knew when to, you know, pull back and give me a cheat meal and push harder. So we kept him really close contact throughout the whole prep. You know, Phil did good. I, obviously, you and he had Henry in the super. Yeah, yeah, I was in great show for him. For our team. Now, you pretty much have stuck to, you know, local shows up until last year. We wanted these guys to just like, you didn't want to get onto the national stage until you're ready. Yeah, I spent a long time, you know, bodybuilding. I got on stage. I think the first time when I was about 24 when I was still working for ALRI. And then I was, you know, I was small back then. And then, you know, everybody got to start somewhere. And then I spent two years off and I did, uh, oh, eight, the board of states and I ended up winning the novice overall. And putting it up rich, Fiona actually won the overall and then, and that's where I met him. He was a few as cool guy. We were kind of chatting backstage. Just wait before he was a, you know, YouTube. Yeah. And then I ended up going to college after that and taking a little bit of time off. But I was still still nothing hard just when I would have exams and hard classes in college. I would, you know, stick stick to that instead of training. So my way, we kind of go like this. So it's definitely, you know, five, ten pounds a year, but not not too fast. And then when I got out, I decided I want to get a little more serious. So I spent about two years kind of just more living the harder lifestyle on body building. And then jumped on stage in 2016 and I ended up winning the overall at the, um, the count. Yeah, you know, I give you credit because you know what? A lot of guys, myself included. Once I got into it, I was obsessed. I never put it's not given 100% at that point. You took eight years off between competing in, in 08 to 2016. That's a long time for a body building who's passionate and who loves what he's doing. So I mean, that's very mature. Much more mature than most body bulls would be to put school first and really not worry about competing until you kind of done with that and ready to move on. Was that, was that a difficult decision on your part? Sorry, what was that? Was it difficult for you to like wait eight years between competing? I knew I would get back on stage and I just wanted to develop my body to the point where I knew I could win before, you know, I didn't feel like jumping on stage and maybe getting a second or third. I just wanted to be far and away, you know, higher quality athlete. But I always, you know, I always train hard when I was when I was in college and it just, you know, the time that it would be in right. So I wasn't, I wasn't in a rush. I'm saying it's very mature to do that. Most guys couldn't wait that long. Most guys want to get on stage and want to do it. They want to see how they look. They want to test themselves out. They want to constantly, you know, push as hard as they can. You kind of really took a mature attitude about it and it worked out for you, obviously. Well, I, um, I like competing, but I love training more. If I stopped competing right now, I would still still train and eat, you know, the same way that I do because I just enjoy it. I, I, I go off diet and I'll eat pizza and stuff for about three or four days and then I'll just be like, Oh, my body doesn't feel good. I'm ready to, ready to start cleaning it up and get back to it. Right. Well, you, you, you, you certainly showed off to the world that your game plan was a smart one and you almost walked away with the overall, but you got that IFB pro card. We're going to see you on stage in the open in Tampa this week. Hopefully you'll, you'll shock a lot of people. How do you, how do you think you'll do? Do you have any expectations on yourself? Uh, we, um, we game plan to definitely win the, uh, the USA's and we were looking at Tampa for our, our plan. And, uh, honestly, I would be really happy with the top 10 finish that'd be like, you know, at my first pro show and I'm just kind of, no expectations, uh, going to get feedback from the, uh, from the judges and then be able to take this next year and, you know, implement what they say. So it's kind of, uh, kind of a learning experience and, uh, just exciting overall. Congratulations Luke on the big win and, and enjoy it and, uh, good luck in Tampa. Ah, thank you very much Dave. I want to shout out my sponsors, uh, granted supplements and I'll, uh, I'll, there you go. That'll take us to the end of another episode of live with Brought to you by Species Nutrition, visit speciesnutrition.com. I'm Dave Pulumbo, we'll see you next time. Thanks, guys.