As we sit here at the last supper, we must take the Lord and take pause. Jesus, what's the matter? We let you down? He was betrayed by Jewish Anthony, Shalom and a good adage. No, with the magazine Jews. They want to put him on a cross. Shut up! This is serious. Jesus is upset. What are you crazy? Jesus, Jesus, Jesus! Jesus, are you angry? Why don't you try to roast the Lord? I don't know how to handle the disciples. Let's be the one. Shalom, Jewish. It's time for the heavy Lord of Shalom. Welcome back to After Outwards. I'm the full moon. I'm joined as always by my cohort prime, John Uemano. I'm just beautiful August 4th, 2020, afternoon and it's nice to have no whack packers with us, but they will be joining us later as always. The Alentino is back this week. I think Jimmy the Bulls back, full force. He remember last week he had a problem. He did. He had a problem connecting. No, last week he had the kidney stuff. I was at home to leave. That's right. He had two kidney stones that he won a passing. Unfortunately, he sent me a picture and I really kind of grossed me out. He went nuts in the hospital, evidently. He was tearing apart the emergency room and they were trying to talk them down. He was at the Veterans Hospital. He used to deal with people that sometimes lose their cool. He wouldn't let them put an IV in his arm and he was dehydrated. If you're dehydrated, passing a kidney stone is almost impossible. Absolutely impossible. They tried to talk some lodging and he must have just been out of his mind. He was a pain. He was very sick. He said it was very bad. He was walking around with his hearing and he was a patient and a trainer. He was blinding. He was like, my dad kidney stones. He was a couple times. Here's the guy who drank a teaspoon of water every three days. That's why he'd probably out of him. He never blamed that. Did he blame one of those companies that was given him free and he brought Tina some like that. He felt like they were not going to die. He would tell him if they were ready did, that's trying to blame the protein. It was like nature's way or one of those companies he used to do. They found too much cows. They'd be cowards. I don't know how to play cowards. I don't know how to play cowards. He was walking around with that trainer. It was a terrible... That's the bad. I don't know. From what I understand, and like I said, my friend Charlie Armstrong is probably the toughest guy I know. He said it's the worst pain he's ever experienced. I've had teeth drilled with no no bikini. It's not even close to that pain. That's a lot of pain. That's a lot of pain. Yeah, it is. That's a pain. What you take on this whole... I think something from Luke Sando's family posted on Instagram this past week saying that you know, trying to correct a commonly acknowledged cause of death. It was suicide. For my heart, it was suicide. Unfortunately, we lost a really good guy. Now they came out and they posted that it wasn't. It was a hard attack. It's kind of weird that it's like, so like, so many like, where does a couple of months later? When did Luke die? So why don't we couple months now? It's kind of weird that like, you know, the coming out of a sudden, I don't know. What should take on the whole thing? Usually I have a good read on these things. No. These detailed questions are the things that Tyler, the creator, should be looking up for. I just pulled them. Yeah, I just pulled them to post. Yeah. I'm probably the one telling the creators and this is flight from Minnesota. So I'm the Tyler. I'm the creator of the creator today. Hey, the creator. Okay. Then I take that back. So it's rather large and sparety, you know, hard to get. So it's a attack suicide. I mean, you know, at very conflicting, I know, nurse sources were extremely tight. So I was stupid at least. Yeah. I mean, you know, person that was there. So why the family would be doing that is probably a couple of reasons I could think of. I mean, obviously the most obvious is to say face, I suppose. I thought they wanted to make it like, you know, like almost like, give some suicide awareness. That sort of seemed like it was coming out right off the bat. I mean, which was great, you know. Yeah. I mean, you would think, I mean, suicide is a big cause of death in America. I mean, I mean, I think of veteran kills himself every 20 minutes in America, you know, it's bad. So I thought suicide awareness, depression by polar or whatever it would have been, you know, awareness would have been a very positive way for him to think for him to have left. But to now conflict that months later with this heart attack thing, it's kind of curious. And I just can't really understand why the family would do that. And is this supported by an autopsy report? I mean, do we have that? Is that the weird thing? That's the weird thing. The last thing they wrote on this post is please, we ask all of you to look after yourselves, the shitty even more relevant with the knowledge that we lost Luke to heart failure, not suicide. Now, let's, let's read into this a little bit because that's what we did, right? Why did he have heart failure? Or he was experiencing heart issues and maybe the doctors told him, hey, you really can't body-bulge. He was so depressed over that, that he killed himself. I mean, is that a possible scenario so that theoretically, you know, the heart, you know, the heart failure might have ultimately been the real reason, you know, that he, you know, that led to what transpired. But you know what I mean, they could have been both things going on at the same time as what I'm saying. Well, one causing the depression of the other, you know, because Luke admittedly was depressed. He was on flu at Abbey-Aldge show, you know, and they talked about the fact that he was, you know, seeking, you know, help and trying to get medication for his depression, but he couldn't get to the hospital because of the cold COVID thing. You know, they weren't seeing patients. And so is a possible one thing John led to the other? Well, certainly that's possible. The question then becomes the manner in which he created a cardiac event that was lethal. I mean, but all types he's going to show obviously isn't bodybuilder is going to show a certain amount of cardio on my opportunity. So maybe they could, maybe they could blame that. Maybe that's where that's coming from. Well, I'm just wondering, you know, what I'm saying is maybe he was in heart failure or maybe, you know, there's different levels of this. You know, if you have like congestive heart failure, it doesn't mean you're dying tomorrow. It just means your heart is on the strain and maybe being that big is not good for it. And what's in this is total speculation here. I'm just trying to figure out why this came out like this. You tell a bodybuilder in the midst of, you know, after placing third at the normal classic and the midst of this, you know, potentially becoming a Mr. Olympia, you can't do this anymore because your heart can't handle it. It's a depressing thought, depressing reality, you know, and for people who can't deal with maybe something that severe emotionally because they have to alter who they are and change you know, some people that's unacceptable to, I don't want to be alive, you know, they've, in their head they think that even though it's a worked way of thinking, but I can understand you take away, you know, everything that this person has become identity wise and maybe that isn't a reason you get suicidal, you know. Well, I think there's also exist a perfect storm of conditions that could have exacerbated some kind of the, you know, ideology suicidal ideology at the moment. I mean, you've got the COVID thing, the gyms are closed, the contest will be in canceling. So, you know, all this stuff was piling up and then he gets potentially speculatively gets the news that, you know, his heart condition is is requiring him to step away from competing altogether when he sees maybe there's light at the end of the tunnel and I got one more shot and then you get the will, the rug pulled out. Family, this is all speculation. Yeah, of course, we just want to try to figure out what happened to one of our brothers. Yeah, and you know, this is like a guy that I don't think I've ever heard anyone say a bad thing or bad. Oh, no, so I mean, this hurts the whole industry and we, you know, we want to know why and so the question then becomes is if the heart, if there was underlying heart condition, what did he do to facilitate his own death that you could attribute to his heart condition? Maybe we're talking about it. When over those here, we talked about, you know, cardiac strain, what could he have done? I'm not sure. That would have facilitated a cardiac event that would have chilled on enough to the degree that the family would say that his cause of death originally reported is not true. All right, now here's another part of the statement that I want you to analyze is because you're a good analyzer. They said Luke was an upcoming star expected by many to become Mr. Olympian the coming years, the body building industries and enormously successful and financially rewarding one. In other sports, it is a requirement that athletes maintain exceptional health and that the promoters, sponsors and organizers actively assist in this. However, we found have found no evidence of this. It has become immensely disappointing to come to the realization that Luke was perhaps a little more than a business opportunity. So who would they refering to do think in this respect? I mean, clearly they're referring to the federation is in the federation. If you're going to accept the analogy to other sports that those are people content with their players' health, which you really can make that as a valid comparator. And because we're talking about individual privateeers competing among other privateeers, this is not a team sport. Nas cars and panning attention to NAS car drivers' health, they're just expected to take care of themselves. Body building, because of its inherent dependency on chemicals and the knowledge of how to use them becomes a little more suspect when these things happen. But I can't imagine you can, in any way, shape or form, conflate Luke sand out of any kind of business arrangement that was going to profit the federation off of hearing back and not reward him. I don't see that happening. I don't think any Mr. Olympia would contest that that would contend that that's what happened to them. So I don't know what that's coming from. I think this is really unfortunate because Luke did kill himself. It behoots all of us to know why. And maybe it could prevent one of us from no or enable one of us who know somebody else and exhibiting the exact same stuff to go over somebody's house one night not going to dorm and say, you know, oh, you okay, man? Let's not an hour and a half of beer. You know, I think these things can be avoided if you know really really what I just see. I just can't see with what's been posted. How the family is now months later denouncing the suicide cause of death and inserting heart disease. But I think it's another damn thing they wrote on the original part of the post. Luke's unexpected death said shock waves throughout the body building fraternity. No official cause of death was released, which resulted in unfounded speculation in rumor. We can only assume this was the reason for the inaccurate post, according to know how Luke lost his life. Such post discussions and comments of course as additional and unnecessary suffering. So I mean, do you think that they just got the autopsy report back? I mean, is that what why you think this was posted now? And that's why why it's a thing listed it? Or I mean, I don't know, it's so hard to say, you know, and obviously only the family really knows. And I guess it's disrespectful, but it's at the same time he was a public figure and people just wanted to know and there was so many fans who just loved him. So everyone wants to just an answer. I'm sure as much as the family does. Well, plus he's one of us, you know, we all do the same thing. So if you're just tired of it, we need to know why, how would Luke, you know? I mean, that just part of the deal of being a mummess. You know, long time for them to release this statement too. I mean, I mean, when Dallas and MacArthur died, we had a cause of death, right? Like a week later, I think. Yeah, autopsy results take less than a week, usually in a couple of days. Unless the toxicology report, you know, pain there in, which might take another few days or a week, but this is months later. And that's just, I have no explanation for no one's calling me up and saying, hey, man, what happened? I'm speculating, purely on what's in front of me. You have it. You had a very much closer contact to someone close to him. And that's what they told you. So why now the question is going to be running around our whole industry? Why now, months later, is the family changing the story? Or at least, at least releasing the story. I really just releasing the story. You know, I'm not with the initial story, you know, because it was an accurate. I would have, I would have made a statement right away. I mean, right? You know, it could have given me the statement. I would have read it on the air. I mean, I'm done it for unfortunately for too many other, you know, bodypos that have passed their families of content. I mean, I still talk to Rich Piano's mom. I mean, older time. So it's, you know, it's sad, you know, but obviously this was, this was the anniversary of his birthday, I guess recently, it would have been 32, which is shame. And how come you know, a lot of celebrities join and both Hollywood and sports. A lot of people died 32, 33. You notice that? I think we are, it's like a kind of an eerie like age like that people do the blue sheet died at 33. I think, uh, farly died at 33. What do you think there is about, like, that 32, 33 age? I think it's like, you know, is it like people who live too hard and it kind of catches up to them? Derek Anthony was in that 31, 32, you know, your herds, every time. Yeah, more. I think it was 31. Yeah, I mean, pollution was doing speedballs in the fricking right here. That's different story, right? Exactly. I mean, yeah, that's living life a little hard. So yeah, it kind of seems like if you, well, you know, 30, 35 was the original lifespan of man back in the day. We could just say our natural life, you know, the ones who make it the 80, your bucket of system. So, um, you know, and I think it's one of those things my dad just said, tell me, look, if you make it to 30, you're probably going to make it to 50. If you make it to 50, you're probably going to make it to 60. And if you make it to 60, you're probably making it to 80. So, you know, you're making it to 80, and that's good. Oh, yeah, maybe I forgot a few months to go. But um, I don't know where you got that logic from, but it's it seems we worked for him, work for you're probably the statistics that are out there. I'm sure. I'm using this session. Now my dad, I mean, you know, well, how old was sell? 80, 48, 88, my dad, 84. So, you know, they made it, they won. A lot of guys do, you know, yeah, you know, the thing about, you got to look at it this way, about 280,000 people die a day in America. A lot of ads, a lot of them. So, you know, that's where bound to know a few of them here in there. I mean, and you think about it, that seems like an awfully big number, 280,000 people, maybe 180,000, but it's one of the two. Either way, a big number, okay? So, so you would think with the number being that big, it sort of gives perspective to how many people, 330 million are living in the country because if we lose an over 100,000, 200,000 a day, I don't know, did you hear of anybody dying in the last week? You know, I mean, I get to your answer, every saying, it's also means that the funeral of business is booming. Well, it's going to, it's, it's inevitable. I mean, you got to do something with people, whether or not, so, you know, it's a great business to get into because you're waiting for a business in the funeral of business. You can't go wrong with people. Well, yeah, well, I was here because the light is facilitating all that. That's exactly that. So, yeah, I don't know, man. Sometimes, sometimes people get, it's like these Joe Biden moments, you know, you like, you just forget everything around, you know, what the fuck am I doing? I don't know. On a better note, I'm like, I feel good note. I'm going to be actually, I actually get you to help interview this guy. I don't know. Did you see the guy who won the NPC men's open body building and classic physique overall in Tampa? No, did you see this guy? I did not. I thought you were a hunter hunter or a brother. Now, we'll talk about hunter in a second. We already did that. This is my more, this is way more impressive than hunter or brother. This guy. Oh, you guys, that's like Dean Tornevin. Yeah. He hacked his 4th or 5. He's front Puerto Rico. So, I don't know how well good his English is, but I'm going to get him I'm going to get him on an interview. And so, I think maybe I should get you just to taste. I get translate. Yeah, it's I'm saying in case like, I, you know, there's a lost in translation type thing. But he's awesome. This guy was told by doc. There's like John that he would never be able to walk that he should get a wheelchair, that he shouldn't work out because he got brutal bones. And he just said F U basically. Yeah. Yeah. He's got to be the most proportioned 4 foot 5 guy I've ever seen, right? I mean, he's teetering on a door right there. I mean, so he definitely has, you know, he has some kind of dysplasia, you know, syndrome. You can see it in his, in his quad. But he looks really good. I mean, he looks, I mean, like I say is I'll show you some of the shots on his Instagram. I mean, he's got really good symmetry. Look at this kid. I'd like to see a post down between him and Flavio back in. Yeah. He, I got used to your Flavio. It looks like Lou Ferrigno compared to this guy. Look at him. He has him with Angela Daymad teen. Look, they're on their knees. And they've almost begun. But he's right. Good. Look at his calves. He's got every double lethal. Yeah. He's just, Mike, Mike, Mike, Mike can sign him. Look at him. Look at that. You got to see why. Wait, but I shaved this picture of him next to to Brandon Curry. You're going to think Brandon Curry's check. He'll own you. Oh, you're so cool. Blackman would hang him off his rear rear mirror. Hello, with that picture with the brand. There's a picture. Oh, here it is. Here it is. Look at that. Brandon looks like she killed on you, right? It's bad. I would say, shack. So, 12. I mean, the, the fact that he's wearing a plaid suit also makes him look three times. Yeah. Yeah. Can you imagine shack was in that picture too? How fun. I think shack's footed might be big of an emperor. This guy is proportioned. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. He's very proportioned. Look at that. Look at that. He's waist. Yeah. He's got a good structure. He looks five, three there. Yeah. Yeah. John's like, it's at least five, three there. Look at this. Yeah. What? Blackman would definitely get my contract with his back in the day. Anyway, congratulations. I love to, I love to see feel good stories like that because you know what? There's not enough feel good stories out there. I think John stuck. We got him, uh, John is frozen there. Let's, let's see if we can get him back here. So look, you know, there's so much craziness in the world going on right now. But I am, yeah. You know, I told this like, I want to see good will stories coming out. I love to see the hunt of the broadest story which John I'll talk about with humans. I love to see this guy's story. You know, I hate to see terrible stuff come out, you know, because it's depressing enough what's going on in the world that we can't communicate with each other. But, you know, at least when we have stories like this, feel good stories. I mean, that makes it a little worth it. It makes it like, well, all right, you know what? It's that we're not so bad after all. We're, you know, we got some good stuff going on. The Olympia is still planned, you know, for the end of the, that's great. New York pros seems to be, you know, going to go off this year. Although, I think, like, I think you're becoming from Florida. You have to quarantine for 14 days. There's some crazy laws. The thing I feel bad about is that the international competitors can't come in. I think you're all, I was just saying how the, it's a shame that like international guys can't come and compete now because they can't get into the US. You know, there's all these quarantines and then they're strictly flights and everything like that. But oh, Logan's here. We're right. Come on, little camera. Come on, little camera. Here's my big boy. I don't do what are you doing? He's discovered face time. He knows face that he face times grandma all day long, even with his insane houses are very lucky. What's that video? Who's on a tape? Who's on what's up? What's he got there? He's got my old phone so it's like a clone of my phone, basically. So every time it rings he answers it now, there's Mr. G. Hey, what's up, guys? Get him. Who's this old guy here? He's broken Blundbell. It's the the boss. Logan. No, baby, Logan. Logan, shut the face time. Oh, oh, no. Hey, Logan, I hear you. Logan, you like where wills? He loves where wills. Can you give a house, Mr. G, do a where will? How? Yeah, do a where will foul. All right. It's a part. It's a part. It's a part where will. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Where are you? Where are you? Yeah, yeah. You mean here for a kid, over. All right, we're going to do it now. No wonder he's not answering us. Oh, no. Oh, you're, I do your where will. Oh, oh, oh, oh. What do you, I'm, how about you, you, I'm. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Hey, hey. He's at the aliens now. He sees this off of where will. It's on the aliens. He's all aliens are way better than where will. I don't know. He go real fair. No, no, no, no. I got to do a shout here. Take this. I got to put this on here. This is what happened here. Okay. Hey Dave, can we chaos? Just like life. Yep. Yeah. Okay. I want to miss you. You want Mr. G to see this? He said, all right. You want to show you his phone down. His self-stud. Yeah. Did you like Mr. G's cookies? You ate his cookies? Oh yeah. You had the the Oreo cookie ones? Yeah. I did. You did. He liked him. He said he liked him. Oh, he did. He'll go play grandma. Yeah. Mr. G, I got the cookies. They were great. Thank you. I got more. I got other things. The issue is it's so hot now. We do the ones that we, well, it's the most companies don't do a short. I mean, short. Any chocolate dip, there or anything now? Like, Bellymaw is this stuff? You can't get them during. Oh, he'll jump left. What happened? Yeah. He's wrapped up here. Like Bellymaw said they sell in the stores. You don't, yeah. During the summer, you can't get them. Well, the chocolate dip, like, does he? What does he have? I'm filling the Oreo filling you have in there. And the cookies. The Oreo filling is a, is a, a, grass fed butter. The carry gold butter, right? We use with, with powdered sugar. And the species vanilla way protein in there. I think it's too thick. I think you should make it thinner. I don't think you need to, I don't think you need to thick layer of it. Oh, that's pretty old. Yeah, I can make it as thin as thick as I want, you know. You actually use the, uh, protolize pudding. Protege in that. You want to be thicker. It'll be thicker. And you know, you probably won't need to put as much sugar in there. Either. Here he is. He's back. Hold on. You want me to put that in? Yeah, use the, try the protolize and with the, uh, for the filling for the Oreo, vanilla stuff in there. If it will happen, if I use that, if you use that, then, uh, the, the powdered sugar is, is, is real, has a lot of, uh, air volume to it. Yeah. And that's what gives it a vibe. If I use that, it's going to be, it's a bigger, but I think it's better than the wave isolate because I think you're going to get a, it's going to be thicker. And you don't have to use as much. I think it's, it's too much in there. You probably spending, Mr. G doesn't spare any expense making these cookies. But I bet they're pretty expensive because that's filling is there's a lot of that filling. I don't think you need as much. All right. I mean, look, I'm trying to make a high grade, uh, probably, it's a high grade. I got it. I mean, no, because I don't get it. The sample. So I have to get it. I have to get it. I mean, you know, what you're talking or how I could help and use my money. Can you call your, your people down there in Mexico and get a few guys to move up here to the side. They can for Mr. G. I could help them immensely, but you know, I'm really, highly, highly American citizens with their American citizens. And then they, then they work. It's not, no, not that it. Not the work. But it won't. That's what I was. I see him. That's what I'm so object. I don't have it. I'm comfortable with this of the situation here that he knows that he's not sending me any cookies. Ah, no. Now it's all right. John. John, I'll, I'll. No wait. Here you are. Here you are within issue. Okay. I have 50 years of culinary experience in my, in my Cache that you could have free access to anywhere you walk is your my brother. And, and, and, and, and, and, and you know, I could help you out here, but, you know, you're not, you're not sending me any cookies. Why don't I do what the fuck you're doing? Ah, you're doing it. It's a bit of a little hot. I was getting it. I'll say, I'll, the only reason why, because I'm not a student. Because I know they're on the racks, they're cooling. That's why you have a set. No, I get the, I have to, hold on. Hold on. I'm just feeling the other one is for you. All right, you, you, you fill his order. We held, held his breath. But while you send those orders, Mr. Dick. I'll send it to him. Before we lose Jimmy, because we always have him for like five minutes, I got to hit the story of it. Oh, we were in the rain. Come on, Jimmy. Let's go. One two three, ran. First of all, the first one is the first one. The candy stones are passed, correct? Yes. So what happened was, first of all, I want to thank everybody. Because you posted that on, yeah, I don't know, the media somehow. Right? So I was getting full close to my house, saying, I hope you're right. Texas, Jimmy, I'm like, wow, how does everybody know? I had fucking goodness stones, right? And I'm getting, I'm getting all my friends. I'm like, hey, so one, one, my friends, I said, you know, he said they posted it on the show. So then I was getting a lot of, you know, comments on your post. And I just want to, you know, I really want to thank everybody. Because I really, I was touched by all the people concerned about me in the hospital, you know, with the stones. So that was very nice. I have to say it touched my heart. We have very good. I got a shirt on there. It's coming to the mail. Okay. Coming to the, let me, I had no one. Yeah. You know, Jimmy, to bull on it and everything. You know, I got a stand up. I can't see it. You're too fast. Yeah. It says hit the gym muscle mobster dot com. Jimmy, the bull. Jimmy the bull. Yeah. Did you put it back? Get his brother, make that. Bobby, Bobby, Bobby, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I've put some hats. I'm not a hat guy, but I got the hats coming, you know, I'll take the colors and black and, you know, on the, on the, on the, very nice. So it's all about, you know, muscle master and, you know, my trash, I hope things are going to come soon. It's gonna come soon. Now, you know, I had no idea what you should do. You day was not gonna send you a couple of shirts. Huh? Where? What was that? What idea? Where? No, we can't see you. We can hear you though. Jimmy. No, they're nice. They killed the shirts. They're nice, right? Do you hear me? Yeah, no idea what? I had no idea you went through the, you know, you could go in. I had to, I had to, I had to, I can't, we can hear everyone else can hear John fine. What's that? What's that? He was going through this game. I think he should. I mean, I hear it. See him, but I don't. Yeah, we can see it. Hold on. Let's get Greg's problems say settled. Jimmy, hold on one second. Hold on one second. Greg, you got to turn the little camera icon. We go through every single time. Yeah. You can never go. Where could go? Yeah. Something popped up in the screen, but it's not you. That's for sure. Looks like it's a circle. And so I'm, it's a cartoon of him and middle. Yeah. I don't fucking see this shit. I didn't even know. I got it. What about you, Grumpy All Men, we are? Yeah. Jimmy, what, Jimmy, what did you give him? You'll fall now. So, I can't hear you. Well, Greg's getting his camera going. Can you just, can you? Can you? Can you? Can you? Can you? Can you? Can you? Can you? I don't do it with him only or he should be only comes in. You know what? I'm not kidding. You know what I'm going to do? I'm going to give you. Jimmy, I'm going to kick you out of the studio. You're like, I can't hit him. I'll kick him out. He's getting nice. We want to record. We want to send the recording of this to stream your own. Yeah. Let's just tell you fucked up system. Okay. We go through this every fucking week. It's a game that I can't. It's a game that I can't hear nothing. It's not us. It's got to be them. It's got to be the top. It's got to be the top. No, Greg is using 34-year-old technology. This is his girlfriend's phone, though. Okay. No, it's like laptop. We can't even want to phone. Do you have a webcam when you laptop? Yeah. I get a good webcam. It's the one I use all the time. What I'm going to do is this is what I'm going to do. Greg, I'm going to kick you out of here. And when you re-sign in, make sure you choose the right webcam. You actually have an option before you actually tell him. You probably picked the wrong webcam or you didn't pick any webcam. All right. We got rid of them. I'll come back. So, Mr. J. Can you turn your camera sideways, Mr. G.C. you like the rest of us? Thank you. Yeah, I mean, we got to be sure. I'm all about seeing you. I'm all about symmetry. Yes. Yeah, we had the storm yesterday. You got it today. On event pool. We had nothing on the west coast here. That was good. My pool is cool. It leaves, though. I got to clean that out. Oh, you don't have electricity? No, I meant the train station. She waited for me. I sure. Oh, he can't. What? You know, we're going to be used to tomorrow. Now you sound like you're in a tin can. Can you sit in here us now? I can't you. Only me. Jimmy. Jimmy. I should have shot. I'm going to shoot you. I got it. You have this beautiful came up. I see everybody. But only here. Turn the phone side. I'm shooting. Did you hear John say that to you? No, I saw him. Did you hear John say that to you? Why did you and Greg have problems with this? And there's even Mr. G. He can understand. Has no problem with this. I, you look. You gave me the. You gave me the app. I, I hit on the app. It came on beautifully. Had no problem. But it's the sounds messed up. I don't know. I don't know. I'm going to. I'm going to. I hear you. No problem. All right. Can you can you just talk? They don't have to. You don't have to hear them. We hit. Oh, let's get right in here. Can you. It's great. Good job. Hey, great. Have to show us. I've got to. We've looked in. All right. Here we go. Jimmy's going to tell the story now about what happened. What is, what is, uh, what is, uh, give us the whole story. Oh, that's what all story was. You know, I, I basically, I get these fucking things like every year. Dave, I don't understand. It's like I didn't know that. I didn't know that about you. Yeah, like the last four years. I don't understand it. You know, so every time I go. What's your question? Oh, now we lost it. But I'm a quarter. How much water do you drink a day? How much water do you drink a day? Well, I'm not really. Now he hears you. He hears you. He just gave it. He just gave it. He said, you like, couldn't you hear you before, right? Steve Blackburn would say it's not the water. It's, it's, it's vitamin C says the man who walks around with a strain or pee and he'll be fucking out. He's a blackman carries around a little strain. Well, just not. No, I mean, when he's got me, I hear you. I don't see you though. Yeah, you're, you're, what do you think? You're video feed. Really? Yeah, you video disappeared. It was kind of. You must be hit at what it's done. I don't think I'm now. I'll kick you out again. You come back, guys. I kicked you out again. Here we go. Where can I say something? Yes. Well, you can. I was in a, uh, C side height. George, I was going to call you, but I didn't have much time. I had to go in and go out. It's, I stopped at a gas station and if a guy named Mike at Speedway, I think it's called was like, oh, my God. Oh, he's, he was freaking out. He goes, I love you guys. I watched the after I was shown. Did you hear what Mr. J? And I said, no, I didn't have time because I only went down there. They, it did get my niece to come back. You know what I mean? I was with my girlfriend. And he said, oh, fuck. I watched that. Oh, I see after I was show. So Mike at Speedway in Tom's river. There you go. Mike. He loves George. He loves George. He loves George. He loves George. He loves George. He loves George. He loves George. He loves George. He loves George. He loves George. He's right up to New的时候 and generally make his meal a shredblo or a shred on our steamed meal, we just heard Greg. And we sell it from from from Star Trek, it's a great to teach yourHayrow Dragon game. Who are eminning, Geoff. Come back in. Hmm. Another personal partings. I'm telling you a big tape to stream yours, you got to do it. I don't think credit the problem. I never had problems. Normally, I get another Things Take to lets talk about. Listen, I'm in fucking Walmart down there and some fucking guy stands at the top of the aisle It's a second time. It's happening in middle of the aisle. Some guy stands at the top of the aisle And he goes, hey, make this an attorney look and he goes, you know is because I have I have a face mask, right? And it's a flag face mask. It's sometimes it's loose Sometimes my nose doesn't come all the way out like this, but it'll be like loose So it goes to me get your fucking mask on Wow, right and I said to what the fuck are you talking to bro? And it goes to me, you know nose is setting it out your mask and I said Listen, I don't have no coronavirus. I told him and he goes, yeah nobody's got coronavirus It's all hoaxed because you must be a fucking Trump supporter guy damn it Oh So I got pissed I'm like my girlfriend will tell you so I started fucking running in front You get all scared and you ran down in exile, right? I go and fuck in there. There's no black people and I'm like fuck Trump fuck the Democrats Not Trump. I said fuck Joe Biden. He's a fucking dead body. I fucking support Trump Fuck you you sort of flag mask get ill because that's all yet He had to balls because he sort of flag mask because you're all you have like American flag on your face Yeah, but what the fuck is he it's different because door comes up to you and she's excuse me sir You know you can you just put that up But I don't need no customer and we did it all nasty and like a coward. He waited till I was in the middle of the aisle And he's top of the eye So when you ran after what he do he ran away? I was like starting to snap you know what I mean? I was gonna start full fucking kids off the aisle It's all mad I mean shit. I was getting really mad my girlfriend calm me down But the people who are laughing because I could say Joe Joe Biden's a third body nobody's a fucking I was freaking because I didn't like that. I felt like I don't like a coward bro. I hate a coward Yeah, well that I'm surprised he said you were an in person He probably wanted you to put your feet and soon Yeah, but I was fucking He's at the top of the aisle. I was in the middle of the aisle But what dude you really changed you know he must have saw me going on the eyes You really say but just because the nausea was a kind of hanging a little bit like that People and that's that's the same person Greg that will you know during Nazi Germany would it turn you into the the gas shop Yeah, right that's the problem I would have turned the mint Two magic so lady on the news took a couple hot coffee and doing it guys face because you didn't have a mask on Yeah, it's all of it. It's all of it a fucking is this right I was in the 7 11 Greg same thing at the 7 11 I walked the 7 11 I was in the truck. I forgot the mask You know saying yeah Turn it around and walk on the back of the truck. I said oh fuck it. I'll just go buy a mask into the 7 11 Well, I'm there you know, I don't pick deal You open the door to count as right there to free feed away I go in there. I go to get the American come online behind this lady I don't know if I tell you the story Dave. I'm not so in the ladies she's got there, you know the the fucking Filta mask on the fucking of the gloves I'm not Yeah, yeah, they were up to here the fucking I'm standing a seven long gone. All right, you know, she's a little fucked up with the virus. I understand you know You know, you know, you know, I put your credit card or thing and she hits the fucking number like this She hits the number and then backs away like that Then he's back up so we're gonna backs away It's the number backs away and I'm looking at it. I'm going with the fuck is this lady though? I says man What's wrong, man? Look at you? She said no mask no gloves you're all over the place You're in the screen. I said you're taking it easy come down They got a man's behind me. I'm gonna fuck the mess you know mask it I should you know, I get the virus in three seconds lady as you ran I go around here to sign up like my coffee and I'm starting the burn up now because I can't think this fucking What the virus is doing to me look at the Over this fucking Oh Stop All right, so I make it a coffee on the other side of the counter and the fuck I also like just all losing it Right, I'm going to notice I make my coffee on the other you know this is it was like eight nine Guys in the store like union work is a shade So I turn around I go get all what this is bullshit. I think this mask is bullshit Oh, this whole thing is both I said you're all shit Every fuck nobody is looking at you Everybody just put their fucking head down Nobody would say what I was fucking losing it at the coffee machine We're laughing they were laughing I was black people crazy people in the store and I would do a laughing They they were like yeah, you know because I couldn't stop I was I snap bro, I Let's take the ball you don't find the dead body, nobody should vote for that man nobody would nobody was laughing Or when I was doing it I was fucking kidding It was coming out of my mouth. I was like so fucking agabell That was the beginning of the That's got me mental look I even got my motorcycle fucking count on top Now I know where to go find the team he brought the camera Everything kind of squeeze a word in here two things they send them some fiber lies because that fucking toilet paper that much Yeah Thing is my my motorcycle Jimmy held up my motorcycle my motorcycle that I'm stopped at a light Look To the park next to me there's a lady when a mask on she's in the car by herself Runger rolled up She's it's 300 degrees out She's got the mask on and the face shield That's a new it's done that the new thing they want to make you a god She's got the mask the face shield Yeah, when does the road up she's in the car buyer stuff her hands around his fear and will is a fucking cigarettes picking out Crazy This virus got people They are so scared These people are so fucking scared I refuse to wear that fucking mask I won't wear it anywhere Yeah, the hearing So The only place anybody said something was Walmart and you said you she said you got to have a mask I said I have a medical condition I can't wear one she was well, and we can make an appointment for you to come in before everybody I was like, oh no thank you, I'm right I'm good and I can't think you're going to work You're lucky in a court In yeah in New York, man you can't do it. They don't fucking it, but you can't even enter that building without a fucking The call of the cop you call the cops like You don't have to do it You're a medical doctor You say you don't have to worry about the cops in New York George the people attack you You know how to do it Yeah I know It's in New York I I tell me six feet six feet because I went around the corner and he went around the corner You know I got a face Go be here I hope people listen the fact that someone would say something like that to Jimmy or to Greg They don't look like wimpy guys like you know They look like tough bad ass like I wouldn't have the audacity if I was a regular guy to like just you start like Spouting out you know, you know, you know rules to you guys and putting you down I mean you could pull gun out and blow their fucking brains out. I mean people are crazy It's coming it's coming. I'm telling you somebody's gonna do something. Yep It's people today are taking it upon themselves You know why because you got people like made the blos you'll say and you know Snitches gets stitches will not in this case snitches get props, you know, I mean like it's on really is out there saying Yeah, oh, yeah It's not a germany again. I'm telling you what a party here. The call of cops on you mean while the blosio locked up all of Caronipations and the nursing homes This is how this is how people want to know how how did not he germany happen how did all these people Give up all the and it because that's what happens they become they come Braves Just look at what you go slow how that was the most recent look at you I saw that that woman who did that video Yeah, it was pretty interesting she basically said it was exactly the same they did create the same scenario and that's that's how they wound up in You know with all their issues there Exactly, you gotta have rats stone. That's how it works. There's always rats. Do you know that? Those fucking Nazi kids and all that shit. I know that I was a hitler you know and he tells you those Those kids were very washed those kids were fine work, but I'm talking about the people who who just decided People of rainwark these people of rainwark these people of rainwark they really believe that this virus is so Fucking it's like that's floating in the air You know that's what they believe it's floating in the air. I think it's I think it's floating in Jimmy's urinary tract. That's what happened Well now I know Toyle paper crisis Jimmy had to pee out the fucking coronavirus Jimmy tell the story about the hospital By the way guys, here's one of these This was the small one, too I don't know how we got it at it's a little sharp Jimmy tell us what you tell us Here's the other one. You only read the table of the two kidney stones he peed out Black ones with a little bigger than this one You'll be reading you can pat the whole that side just because you used to do that actually You can wet towel that's right where he's Tell him what that He used to hang out he's to hang a metal I'm having a major scotch taper it's paper a rack from his penis and try to lift it up What's that called shame way hey I was there I spotted I'm gonna be forced I wasn't gonna want to respond and then with that all right, so when did the pain start you my Jimmy when you're gonna Again, he can't hear us this guy can you hear me All right, I mean I can't Yeah, yeah, maybe Greg can travel I'm taking a man again. He and you know, I'm driving crazy every time I can't come out too This is gonna be texting me. I can't see you it's his phone it has nothing to do with with with with the stream here I guarantee it well Yeah, probably So Tell the story about when at the hospital when they tried to put the IV in them No, they're waiting for are we waiting for the story every time we you know he comes back He he he distracts you Just tell one two three go Jimmy yeah, right No, Greg is the only one He can only hear Greg so Greg what's what's going on with you in the throw everything good? Yeah, you know, I still have to go do all these checkups and everything so so far so good But I'm still healing I got scar tissue physically got two fingers down my throat all the time right I mean But you know You alternative is better I mean well, you'll turn wait you'll turn it as worse You know and so yeah, I call you back Tomorrow I become officially 60 years old so Oh, wow August fifth huh August fifth You're glad you have your birthday man. Wow. I don't really celebrate my birthday Yeah, it's let me do I do I but but when you can I am right behind your brother and October That's crazy. I can't believe both of you guys What was it you already 60 right and so is Jimmy the bull yeah, yeah, I'm 62 I'll be the young guy How how how old are you? 52 Oh Back What here we go one two three go tell them the kid destroy the kid he's done story Okay, yeah, I mean I'm in a middle of a tropical storm 80 mile an hour winds up I just tell the story don't don't delay looking away right now I a big bridge of a tree just flew by my window don't delay help the story Anybody right you saw some fucking broad on a broom Miss golf Do you know Can't stand this anyway When you text that Monday you said you bump the show up instead of two say right of all the fucking days I get up in a morning I got I got like a pain down in my lower tests this over here Right, but my penis right so I'm back or shit. I'm feeling the pain I go I'm out please lord. I hope I hope that him with that thick of his because I had so many of them ready I know what it is now. I see you know okay. So yeah, so I'm I You don't even know it all day if you know so anyway, you know as as the hours were passed a mile like 10 11 was getting really bad. I I had I call my friend Jake I said yo you got to come tell me to the fucking hospital I said I'm going to I'm going to be a pain. I was on my knees and the kitchen You know just The shower tried to shower to relieve the pain and everything and so he came over he threw me in a car I'm laying in the fucking car my feet all over the dashboard I was so good pain then he goes down to the beach drops me off and he's he's weights outside the bird's room Like I go in and I I start yelling at her Please, I'm in the extreme pain And when you got to check in so I see check in I says I can't even stay up on my fucking you mean check it That's my dad. That's my dad right there In the service here. Yeah, I want it. Yeah, it's the I like I'm it's fucking extreme pain, Dave So I got you guys coming go to the tree. I got a tree so I go in some fucking old guy All right, I got a sit down and chair and I'm all fucked up I'm fucking I'm in pain. I'm on a chair like this. I'm like I see us we all these questions and she had he was having been out of the country Like I said I just got a complete I said Because it's how we got the blood pressure and he goes oh my god I Right so then they had cool Jake because he was outside just you gotta calm your friend down And he's fucking his I think Country Like I'm fucking You're asking me if I was out of the state Are you kidding so finally they'll come out in the very cave into the fucking version I'm going to go in here. I'm all over the country. I got my feet up all right here I'm fucking all I'm all over the fucking dirty And I'm the fucking nice comes over she says come down It's just come down. It's a you can't be because we got to give you an IV I ain't getting what I mean I don't know why they Well, I think give it to you just the case. I don't need I need a catch-in I want to know what I'm on in it That's why I said I don't have a fucking IV I'm telling you I got a learned this game around it. I was like six-thirds right now just no spoke over to me And she's got I'm on the fucking gunney Dave like this, right? You have your mask on Jimmy no mask right? So I'm on the gunning the lady comes along and she stopped pressing on my stomach like this This is I'm I'm I looked at Jake because he was standing like I said this is hard I just let me because you see me I need it this I'm I can't even see straight and also finally I think they took your nasty It put me in the casket. I was squirming the guys tell me they still the casket I couldn't even stay still in the casket. I'm fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking I'm fucking ring I'm doing everything right so fine. What on Jimmy Jimmy Jimmy? What would you what would you like compare the pain to like what kind of pain would it be? Holy shrapnel. Okay, I'm burnt. It would it would feel like a somebody took one of those Roter-rooted things. Yeah, shove that up my ass and held it That's what I felt because you got a piss and shit constantly So real imagine you're you yeah because it's in it's in the lower and send me your dad's coming down the tube It's in the Tesla you've got a shit Pete same time. I'm constantly on the ball I couldn't even go to the bathroom anyway. I'd not the left You know, I'm out of here exactly So they give me back in here and I have to wait wait wait So the lady finally gave me some pain killers, you know or lay a token and I'm waiting nation Then they come back up with the fucking the results that the casket says yeah She says you you know you got it you got a kidney stone. I says well, that's good Because the one guy there knows he thought I would have a fucking heart attack This guy's having the heart of that was a male mercy. I said a heart attack I said the pays are my balls not my chest You see me bent on the whole and they shit like this walking around What the fuck the fuck the fuck the nut down here That's what you got to watch those fucking asses man. Go there. No, you know what's gonna happen So she can't back up to go down listen, now this is around. I don't know for me if the room She says you go home. She says to good news is that we'll see any more stones in there There's the last one. I said thank God. It's four years now. I get him over here Come she says it's possible she said three four centimeters whatever So I go home. I was in pain poppin pain killers Trigger be a drinking water fucking everything I could possibly try to flush this shit out I fucking had those I pain all night to fucking 12 One two to morning I'm sitting on a ball and try to poop by cutting it off as the pain so bad I mean my hands started swollen up. I said you know what I'm not even gonna make it true to fucking night I just know why I said I can't take the pay I was praying to God It's a boy, please stop this this is because I said eight this morning. It's two in the morning I can't I can't hell in the more I can't you know So finally six seven in a morning I get up and I'm like I don't feel the pain I'm like holy shit. Okay, maybe it's the painkiller maybe it ain't I don't know let me go piss You know so I get on the fucking toilet I piss and then I feel I think come out of that shoot like a fucking like a you know You know, come right here I was like oh Shit and I look at the toilet and there it is this fucking stone I said it about the I thought you passed to them now. I thought you passed to me. Oh, and I was one that was one big one Dave I had a I went to toilet I took it out and I put it on a counter It's split and yeah, I had to get it out because they didn't feel the V8 So the only way to get it. I was not gonna stick my hand in it So I said it to my doctor. Did you put a glove on at least? No, I just went right away That's Three here from black me I was gonna send one to blackman to one to you. So anyway I said it's a trainer in his bag you could have handed you the strainer Actually, you would have held it for you. You know this one you could one you put that thing on the Put it in the store and he back I bet he still I bet he sells it. Yeah, but someone in the fanzel by it Well somebody on buy it. No, anyway I when I left the V8 John they give you a stack of papers like this You know, and then they give you those fucking paint cups, you know with the screen looks like a you know We just clean paint or whatever Suppose to piss you that I could you piss to that I'm on the fucking ball and we fucking five minutes Sorry, I took out the V8. I true right in the fucking garbage man talk Thank God I said it might so I said the picture of my doc. I said it to you two day So I said it to me now My doctor goes Jimmy if you could pay a stat you could pass anything don't worry Yeah, I was gonna say most people probably what I needed surgery to pass that it's going Printed their picture out and now he hasn't on a wall on a frame Yeah, when people come home and have to think it's a meteorite from space I said it man He gets them all the time too when I said him a picture and he was like how to hell that you passed that Because he gets more like little like little ones. I could grain a suit a little bigger God I thought the stone I got those stones were big when I saw them now I am when I hear that that was two stones were one stone. I'm hard To my dick her tear in that It was almost the size of an eraser head a little bullet an eraser now when you pass when you pass a stone like that Jimmy, are you instantly out of pain? Is it like all of a sudden now you feel great? Dave like just instant fucking relief You know There's any a dick hurt from that thing going through there with all the Manges I'll tell you what hurts John. It's not the penis Because you know I blew so many loads of my life. I got a nice canal Yeah, it's just I got a nice you know I got a nice such canal. So anyway, where it hurts is when it comes down the the uterus You know into the lower I don't think you have the uterus I know Like having a fucking baby what's the difference? So the year What is it called? ETR No, I think it's a year later is there was the real pain It comes out of the kidney into the urnir and then it goes into the urnir Then it goes out Yeah, maybe it may be it is the urethra but it's probably the part that you know the the small part You know Right, where is the pain occurring is the pain occurring in your rearthra or in the urnir Well the urnir Like you said it's after the urnir blatter is the stone in your bladder or was the stone in your kidney the kid The guests the the first two which is what it does your ever your ear You're gonna comes down out and then it goes into the bladder and you got like a little release for pain at that moment because it's in the bladder And then it comes down that second you know Yeah, that's so that the it's not the bladder that it went at her it's or in the kidney It's when it's coming down that pipeline. That's the husband has a feeling you are it What's this like down like almost ready to come out? You know, you don't really feel it you know, I mean like it's when it's right ready to shoot out. It's only coming down that pipe. It's a it's a son of a bit man And so so you're so my answer your the answer to your question is no my penis thing so the the pipe is sore from it scraping its way through that there You know, I never I never did so I just but I'll be sore for a couple days. You could feel like in the kidney area, you know, you could feel like you're sore because it you know, it's just supposed to have a A meteorite traveling through you're fucking reading it. I mean, so it was this bad man is for you. You're so Hey, guys, so people get there's the right so as your your physiology so the top part of your kidneys You see it goes from the kidneys those that long tube as your your reader down into your your bladder and they goes out of your your reach. There you are exactly I'm fixing my dick right now. Just hearing you So day, what did you make it? Well, you know, you probably probably eating hot dogs doesn't help. I'm sure right. No, they they told me it's calcium deposits, but I don't drink water, you know, so the nurse you know when I was leaving the the emergency was she said, I think some James you have the At least three bottles of day at least minimum. She says, you know, what are you going to be games James James. What's your call your James. Yeah Well, that's my that's my birthday. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. Anybody ever in my life call you James. I know I know I don't know if you're much I have a couple friends that call me James. Yeah, yeah, and Yeah, my ask your officers show call me. He's a better diver. Oh, it's not stuff that's a great diagram. What I didn't know that Jimmy you you Jimmy the books. Whoever know you was. I know yeah, well, it's you know, my my that's what my birthday was James. I'm right up until my father started losing consciousness. He always would have you know, always would ask me, how's your friend to bull. What was one of the hot of. I never knew he never knew he likes but they give me a name there is that that's a better picture. Oh, not to better picture guys. So yeah, he's up there and then you can see the your your owner here, which is usually where the stones occur, but then they can also occur outside of the bladder when you're going through the whole system. You might have had the ones you're there for the year or something like that. Well, no, it was in the kidney because they were had to work as we took the cask in a sort and that too. Right. So it was in there. Yeah, so the thing is that the fuck the thing is if you don't you know if it's too big and it gets caught in that too. You're in serious trouble. Who happens to the urine starts to the back up and then might be right kidney was already swollen. They told me it was swollen already. Just from that stone, but I didn't have the urine blockage, but that can happen and that's that's dangerous. No, what are they doing? They can be going that big. He used the old I think black man had it done right the ultrasound. They would be break it up with weight with sound waves. And my only one that could still see get fucking kidney. Yeah, so they break it up all like the the last time I had it when I was standing in the hallway dying in the fucking pain. The male nurse came over to me and he said that you know we got to take them down for a CAT scan. They wheel me down the wheelchair because I was all over the fucking place. And then when they came back up and they finally got the results, I was standing still standing in the hallway because they didn't go into the virtual room inside the room. And then comes over to me goes James, I got some some news. I said yeah, what's up please? I'm fucking a lot of pain, you know. Because you don't know could be in appendix, you don't you don't know. You don't know. So you have to you have to get a check. So I'm standing there and I go what's up man. Just just spit it out. What the fuck what? Tell me. He's here. Well, it's a kidney star and it's okay. Good. He goes, but it's a little big. He goes, you might have to go in and get it. I said, what do you fucking mean going in get it? I'm thinking ultrasound. He goes, I don't know if he was gay or what? I got he goes, no, we gotta go inside the penis. Oh, I said this, the fuck the way on this green out. Now you're going up my penis to get that fucking stone. I said you better do that. To get that, I don't know if you've cut me open. I don't even, you ain't the fucking stick and net it up my cock. But the fucker, I said get the fuck out of my face right now with that fucking shit. I also had the nurse came on up. She's like, take it easy, Jen. She's in look. He says, no, it's as if it was man. I said, what is my fucking shit? It's gonna go like penis on. Just don't know. No, no, she said you could pass it. Holy shit. I think I know what? You know what, Jimmy? That nurse must have heard about, he must have heard about the towel exercise. Yeah. I'm gonna ask you to suck it out for you, Jimmy. No, no, no. No, John, I tried that exercise, did it today, man. We're right down the towel and right down. You're weak. I got a little washcloth on you. I got a little washcloth. Hey, John, it's so bad. That's fine. You believe me? You believe me? It's been no time. Yeah. I'm taking on a good now, thank God, man. I said, you know, that's fine. That's fine. And I want to thank you two day for, you know, text him. No, yeah, I was worried about you, man. I don't want to see anyone in pain, man. Right. You know, no. I'm afraid he would get a little bad. That was nice. You know, my friend John, he was scared. She didn't know what to do for me. He's the one who texted me. John texted me and said, Jimmy's losing his mind in the emergency room. I'm like, what does he do to me emergency room? He's got a kidney stone. I love his wet hair and even his hair. He doesn't want<|cy|>'s. You know what? Jordan Mason said, Viva �henneyas has frozen his hand. You got no Helena Crow. These berries. Black-proud. Even Nick Neaver. Excuse me. Why mahdoll wants to come, wrong? Okay. I don't think I'll be arresting you again. Nor will I be casted in our depots. The No One can come here. Get to my boss, because you lost it. Okay. Why do you need another job to do that? Look, I'm just hoping, you know, don't get into prison there. They've got it. I'm definitely not caught in forgiven books. one of your kids had to have even the most simplest thing. I don't care. That's just they won't let you or your wife sit there and you got little kids. And when I'm there or dad there forget it. My wife will be in there with her. Trust me if they can't grab. They might take me. I'm gonna take her out. I can't hear the word. No way. No, but you know what I mean? The crazy like. Like if Jimmy was a state of knock Jimmy out, he doesn't have anybody there. Right. He needs water, put a pillow under. He'd be buying something. It's really bad now. Which for the people in the hospital is probably way worse not to have someone there with Jimmy because he'd be way easier to handle with someone there. I wouldn't want to be a staff member with him dealing Jimmy alone. Well, that's why he went out and got John and he was outside the version. You know, he was supposed to call in there. They're like we got to break the law because we got to break the rules because we can't handle the fucking guy. He's got a tear-puff. I think I got to go get we got to get his friend to the hole because he's not fucking he's not you know, I wasn't performing the nothing. I was all alone to place all of our true to fucking. Can you imagine this was 20 years ago, John? What if Jimmy was. Oh my god. Like 14 adagirls a day. You know, he would have brainwashed him. He would have been like incredible. He would have been like incredible. He would be watching him just start to talk to the fucking rock with a shot out like a bullet. Yeah, I don't know. Get out of your own. Get out of your own. Get out of your own. Get out of your own. Get out of your own. My joke buddy was actually. Jimmy, Jimmy would have shot that. That the kid needs to know like like someone's shooting a pelin gun and so on. Yeah. I'm the one. I'm the one who would have a right you to fucking shoot rock. I'm the one who's gonna hit the guy. It's the guy in the car. Yeah. We're back to Mark's. Can you imagine who was Georgia and Bobby was trying to keep Bobby at it in the hospital? Oh my god. He should have got a white coat on. I'll fix this myself. Yeah, he's sneaking. He's sneaking. All right. So before we go, Mr. G, what's the latest the latest the latest and greatest flavor from the jumbo like cookies that people can buy? With the Oreo Oreo cream Oreo cream. I have them. They're delicious. My kids would devour him. They're a little crumbly but they taste unbelievable. So good job. I wouldn't know. You guys will get them. All right. John, I'm getting them. I'm going to make them today. Mr. Potts protein.net and Jimmy, one of your straps coming out. Soon. I'll keep you updated on the whole thing. I got the straps. I got new wraps, elbow wraps. I'm going to do the whole thing. And where are those going to be available? You're going to have a website. Well, they're going to do that little commercial is going to be on the whole X. And then I'm going to have the website. Yeah. I'm going to have the website. I'm going to have an instructional video. How to use the straps. You actually got the URL muscle mods to.com. Yeah, we bought it. So good job. I have straps. But you made right now with your name on it. It's going to say, jump a pull-up. I love it. It's going to fit your wrist. Yeah. You're going to be going to be awesome. I'm going to do it all the way. I'm going to put it down. Well, you might have to have a line at the top now. Not everyone wants Jimmy the boast straps. They want to jump a pull-up strap. So you should sell both. Yeah. I'm going to have that. I'm going to have a rambling freakbo strap too. Yeah. I can do it. I can do it. I can do it. I can do it. I can do it. I got the guy to do it at the resources. We've had the Ramonov strap and all that. All right. And Greg, what's going on with you now? Anything that we should be updated on? No, same shit. You know, doing a shit with game-faced. Did everyone's promoting me with that trope experiment? But I got to tell you guys, Jimmy, Guy, and George, all of us guys, is a guy from Speedway, Mike, in Tom's River. Okay. George, if you ever went up there, it's on 37 past, right past Howard Johnson's, you know. I'm going to go there right now. Go there now. And I'm going to look what I got my hand. I got a lot of people coming here. Yeah, I got a lot of my book. Yes, I've been brought in with Big Jumbo. There you go. Load him up with 100 cookies. He's a great dude. He's crazy about you. He asked me about you. Jimmy, Dave, he said he's never missed an R.H. show. That's really hard. Probably sell Mr. G's stuff now. I'm sure he will. He loves you. He loves you. Mike, his name is Mike from Speedway. Okay. Mike's in his own place. Or does he just pump gas? No, he would just work there. But I'm telling you, he's freaking out. Like, don't fucking wait. You know, maybe you can get a something. You guys down there. Yeah. That's the last Monday when you called me. I was down there. John, when's the next lifestyle show with you in Gasparia? Fitness fame in fortune in Gasparia. What is that show next one? We just put up our legal brada. We got a little part of play. And then at the end of the week, we're going to post just rich in me talking about the evolution and the industry and the salt. That is, how does the Lee feel about the fact that Hunter is now a bona fide pro who won his first pro show, just like Lee did. We actually talk about that in the episode. Lee gave his son some great advice in his son took it. And things have played out rather well. I mean, I think you looked pretty amazing. But they see like the fact that he's a bodybuilder. I see discouraging or encouraging it. I asked him exactly that question. And you'll have to listen to the show. Hey, what about you? Would you want your son to be a bodybuilder? No. But if that's what he wanted to do, then I would certainly make sure that he did it the right way. Absolutely. I wouldn't encourage him to do it. But like if he said that, that's what I want to be. I want to be a pro bodybuilder. I want to do this. And if he says to me, I'm going to give it 100% then I'm going to definitely help him, obviously. I'm not going to let him stand. What you backed that up, but what you say you're going to do is. He probably will do everything in her power to discourage him from doing that. But at the end of the day, kids do what they want. So if he's in the gym and I have a gym in my house and he's trained like a maniac and he's eaten because that's what he loves to do. How do you tell kid no he can't do that? No, but all the chemicals in shit that the guys take. I mean, initially it doesn't start like that. I think I remember interviewing Lee and what Lee said to me was, I don't get involved in that part of it. So he doesn't even want to know from that. He knows obviously that Hunter's using, you know, gear. But he doesn't, that's not his stick. That's he helps him with it. I don't know who is his trainer, John, you know. I know he trains with another guy. I don't think he's got a guru. Oh, he doesn't have a guru doing this. That's course Lee doesn't want to be responsible for that stuff. That's right. Well, you know, he's the parry. He doesn't want to get involved with it. No, I like to leave it. I can find it hard to believe your father's. You're such a good a bit. No, that's the only IFBB pro father son pro do a. If you want, if you're well in a live because sir, you're junior. Right. I'm not sure you know, that's just, start your, you're not a wife. Sir, he is dead. Yeah. So a living father son, IFBB pro family, the only one in existence. Okay, what Dave, I got you got the eye. I know what I think. Right. What do you take? Who's, I know he's still young and he's not fully developed. He's totally different kind of build in his father. I think his father goes down as one of the greatest body. Because who would you, they would wouldn't in a contest as, you know, young. I think he's, I think he's potentially better than this father, because he's taller and he's bigger. And I think he actually has a, and a reward. You're, I think he's remarkably similar to his father. Very, very much like him on stage. Yeah, he looks like, I think he looks more like Rich Gospari than. Give me, you know what, you look pretty young. When I was with the brother was at my house for three days down in 1987, just 88 before the, 88, Mr. Olympia. Right. And he was Robin. And I remember, and now for the, I love Leo Barnes, a great guy. And he taught me a lot of shit mentally. But I remember he was peeling the fucking, his two weeks before the Olympia. And he was peeling like fucking hard-billed eggs in eat. And then he was kind of bitching about it. And his wife was like, listen, if you're going to, this is what you chose to do. You know, I don't, you know, I go, I kind of don't want to hear it. You don't want to do it, don't do it. You know, because everybody else is over there. We can go the deals and get it. You know, and I took his whole family out to dinner. So it's whole family. Right. It's fed the top, I have to be pros of the 80s and 90s. And it's now. Well, I mean, I mean, it shows that I, Leo, I got pictures right here on the other side. Yeah, you got the, the old program probably. I think it's been five years. My mother used to make Lee Haney spaghetti and meatballs when he stayed here. I think he had Eugene Sandow in his house for dinner. Oh, thanks. Give it back. Yeah. My role of crowed and over it. It's Steve Rezos is like a trading bar. Back in the 60s. He was born in Greg's bathtub. No, that I just find it. It's just fine. It's only house. It was the only house in that warm water. And they're pretty expensive. And it's a TV and a black away TV. My son. All right, guys. Thank you for those great stories. Jimmy I've played. You feel better and, you know, you know, tonight. No more drinking up drinking three bottles of water every day. Please. And have that be less than ever as you drink three bowls. Are you going to wind up with like Jimmy and an emergency room with tini stones on day, pull them up. I'm going to make them. I want to meet him next week and bring him a cool. With filled with a cool gift. Cool, with Gary, I don't know what you're talking about. You're making a set of questions, exactly. You should make a kidney stone cookie. I was a young one. Yeah, the anti kidney stone cookie. Prevents kidney. Put it on a top, mix it up. Yes. Oh, yeah, make your right. Make chocolate chip. I don't know what it's like. It's like, yeah, it's that. It's like a hot froth. I put it on a golden Anthony's cake. It's a golden Anthony's cake. I think it's a global congenre, my homestoggy. Reg valentino and the buyer both came in the bowl. We'll see you next time. Thank you.