I'm going to be launching the tasty pastry for the low-car hot tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. We love to show this. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to the show! Welcome back to legendary food muscle in the morning. On day polumbo and today is Thursday, August 12th, 2021. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Some people thought I was crazy. Other people thought he was crazy and even more people tried to write the whole thing off as one big media stunt. And if you're one of those people who love to be skeptical, this segment won't change anything for you. But if you're not, this behind the scenes leg training clip of Kai training legs with blessing I would be vote from this Tuesday has to get you excited. Considering that we're only nine weeks away from the Olympian now, this is exactly what you'd expect to see from Kai if he was planning to compete. You'd expect to see him calling in all the dogs and pulling out all the stops because this is one of those old or nothing moments in your career as far as bodybuilding competitions are concerned. I say this all the time where this smoke is fire and things are starting to look awfully smokey around Kai Green now. Don't you think? I've been so few days ago. I'd never heard anyone say that it's time to start the finishing before I read it in a post from Kamala Gorgney. Then the more I thought about it, the more I started to like it. And the app proposed I thought it was for him heading into this year's contest considering a situation. If you look at where he has at this point in his career, compared to where he was last year, it becomes immediately obvious that he's better today than he was then, which is saying something considering the fact that he played second last year. This version of Kamala isn't looking to finish when he started last year. He wants to finish when he started this year. He wants to prove to the world that Kamala L Gorgney is the best 2-12 athlete in bodybuilding. And if now is the time to start the finishing, then the only real way to finish whatever he needs to be finished is to be the last man standing on October 7th. Now, I want you to take everything I just said about how great Kamala looks and forget about it for a minute because Derek once further looks like he's about to do some starting and finishing of his own. Derek hit the stage last weekend as one of the featured guest poses at the NTC Knox Classic and pretty much everyone I've talked to about it since then has all had the same reaction, which is basically, oh my god, did you see what Derek looked like last weekend? In terms of his size and conditioning, this is the best that Derek has ever looked at any point in his career. People have been talking about Derek as their heir apparent to the 2-12 throne for the last 3-4 years now. But if this really is a precursor to what's coming down the road, this could be the year, those people finally end up being right. I know that I've said this before on the show about how important I think it is for people to double down on their stress. It never made sense to me why anyone would intentionally try to shy away from doing some of the things that helped them become successful in the first place. And the reason I say that is because Sergio O'Leave a Jr has one of the best backs in bodybuilding and he's been doubling down hard on making sure that it doesn't change heading into the Arnold Classic. According to Sergio, he's training back twice a week during the prep with the goal being to add more width and thickness so he can come in and remind people what this sport is really all about. And considering the fact that he placed 5th there a year ago doubling down on what works might be exactly what he needs to do to push himself up another slaughter too so we can find himself in those top 3 conversations. And that does it yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning on Day Palombo reminding you to always be true to your passions and they should have followed us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Thank you.