I'm Dave Palombo, founder of Species Nutrition. I created Species Nutrition with one mission in mind. To provide body builders and serious athletes with no nonsense supplements that work and are backed by science. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body. And that lives on in the Species Nutrition line of products. We use only top of the line formulations, stows from maximum results and the best flavoring systems available. I've put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition products. If you want to be your absolute best, join the evolution. Dave Palombo here with an RX muscle rant. Today's topic is going to be, if I was in charge, how I would restructure the IFBVNPC divisions that are currently out there. A lot of people ask my opinion. Now, I want to just start off by saying that I have the utmost respect for Jim Manion, the IFBV, the NPC, Tyler Manion, everyone who runs everything. I think the judges see Weinberg. I think everyone's doing a great job. I think the organization is grown by leaps and bounds, especially since Jim Manion is taking over the IFBV proly. I love that you guys are doing. This is just my own little fantasy world of how I think things could be better. No disrespect, but this is how I see it. I always say, like, I'm going to see how I see it. That's how it goes. This is what I think is going on. I think that I have been a little harsh on wellness, because I think that it really doesn't have a place, and I think it's a redundant division out there. However, I see the wisdom of it and the sense that in the Latin American countries it's very, very big. And women train there because they want big, the legs, but they don't want bigger upper bodies. So in that sense, there's a built-in division of people that are already, you know, basically looking like the division. So we don't have to try to, you know, mold people into that division. It's there already. So you have to take advantage financially of that and for the fan aspect of it. And I understand that's why it was adopted, because it's already there. They're already doing it there anyway. So we buy this whole sanctioned in the IFB, the N-TNPC, so that it's judged appropriately. And it, you know, and that we have it under our, I guess, umbrella, or the umbrella of the organization that we're all part of here. That makes sense. So I'm okay with wellness. What I'm not okay with is women's body building and women's physique. They have evolved and grown to a point where they are the same, essentially. Women's physique started out as a slightly more muscular figure division. It was figure with a little bit more muscle, a little bit of hardness, but not too much hardness and not too much muscle. It is completely morphed out of that initial iteration of when Danlin Belly was the first IFB be women's physique pro. And that's probably why she stopped competing, you know, because she doesn't fit in the division anymore. She's like a too small. And that's fine. If the power is to be in the judges and the competitors, want to see that division get to the point where there's more muscle, there's more conditioning. And when we don't know more, can you see I'm talking about shredded, blue conditioning. That's what they're looking for now. And I love that believing. That's my cup of tea. I like perfect conditioning. I don't like to have to like half diet people for shows. So women's physique has basically become women's body building. Now women's body building now is making a comeback because of Jake Wood because Jake bought the body building Olympia weekend. He has been supporting women's body building, you know, for the last whatever is six or eight years. I don't even have how many. You know, he supports all the shows with wings of strength. And, you know, there's going to be a lot of money. The miscellaneous back. So now you got this body building division that has basically died over the last five years because there's been no one nurturing it and no miscellaneous. And no Olympia, champ, iris left, you know, once, you know, they stopped doing the miscellaneous. And no new people have come into the division because they felt like there was no life in it. So they just all went to women's physique. And then as women's physique competitors, got bigger, a lot of the women body bowls that were really good just dropped down to women's physique. And fit in perfectly. And right now the women's physique winners are just as big as the women body bowls, biggeres of winners. And to be honest with you, a lot of the times the women's physique competitors are better than the women body builder winners of the show. But the exception of probably the rising phoenix show, which will now also go all to be the Olympia. So it behooves everyone to say, okay, you know what? We have two divisions that are accomplishing the same thing. One division where we have older competitors who have been competing through the last 20 years and will never leave that division because why should they, they're comfortable there and they're doing better now because there's less competition. And then there's a new division of a lot of young people that are afraid to do body building because they don't want to be stigmatized as body builders. So here's the solution. You call it women's physique division but the title, the grand title, is called miscellencia. So you win the miscellencia is the premier women's physique championship title. And basically women's body building in women's physique get merged together into one division. You take the title of miscellencia from women's body building. You take the name of the division of women's physique so that you don't have to intimidate women's body building moniker on your own. Because people seem to like all the women's physique competitor. It sounds more feminine. It sounds more publicly acceptable. And that's fine. It might from a marketing perspective, it's probably it's brilliant. But miscellencia is the title everyone wants. Iris stock competing because she wants to be miscellaneous. She doesn't want to be the world champion. That sounds like a step down. She's 10 times miscellaneous. She'll be going for 11 in December. But she should be competing against the entire division of women's physique and women body builders. It's what you'd be one contest. Who doesn't want to see Shnake ran first-high risk-high on stage? It's like a heartback to when Linda Murray was competing against Iris-high. I mean those were great battles or Kim Shazewski versus Linda Murray. I mean that's what we want to see on this stage. And I want to see the best of the best in the division. At this point there's no distinction. The weights of the girls are almost the same. Some of the women's physique competitors are bigger than the bodybuilders weightwise. Because their conditioning is better. They may look a little small. But I'm telling you, when you get to that Olympia level, you're going to see big, hard girls up there in both divisions. Put them against each other. One division, miscellencia. I don't know. It's almost too logical to not happen. So I hope someone hears me and maybe takes my advice. The last thing I want to talk about is crossovers. If you compete in two different divisions, let's use George Peterson as an example. If George qualifies for the Mr. Olympia in classic bodybuilding, or let's throw that out. He's done with class in Maddo. He qualifies for Olympia this past week and in the two-trial division. He won the Tampa Pro. If he gets another show now this year and an open category in wins and qualifies for the Olympia, Allah, Hottie, Shupin, what Hottie did last year, shouldn't he be allowed to compete in both divisions? Why not? They don't occur at the same time. Why can't if you are good enough? Okay, to qualify in two divisions, just like if you're good enough to play two professional sports, like Dion Sanders did, Bo Jackson did. Why can't you do both? They, those guys, were able to do both. And they had scheduling conflitsions, and they still made it work. If on qualified in two divisions, I should be able to do the Olympia in both divisions. If you want to limit other shows to hey, you know what, you can't cross over fine. But if you qualify for the Super Bowl of bodybuilding in two separate divisions, you should be able to do those two separate divisions. If you can qualify in two, 12, and classic, you should be able to do class in two, 12, why not? You earned the right to be on that Olympia stage of both of those divisions. I don't understand why you have to pick one of the other. It doesn't make sense. Now, in Hottie Schubensk's case, since he picked open, he probably was too heavy to make that two, 12. Also, but if he had been given the option to do both, maybe he would have sucked down to two, 12, and then jumped in the open as well. You know, he might have done his well, the open because maybe he would have been too flat, but that would have been his option. He qualified in both, he should be able to do both. I mean, I don't see, you know, I don't see why it would be something that would be a negative. It should be you should be celebrating and raising up the champions that are truly gifted enough to be able to win two divisions in a single year and qualify for the Olympia and both. That's big story. That's big news. We want to bring attention to the Olympia. We want people to get excited about the Olympia. How do we do that? We do exciting things like allow people who are prodigies to do two divisions. We do it by combining bodybuilding and women's physique because now we have a clash of champions. We have a physique champion, a bodybuilding champion, a 10-time misalmpia going against an almost unbeatable women's physique and limpia champion in the same division. And McCall and Miss Olympia, who's gonna be the next Miss Olympia? Well, the 10-time misalmpia winner will the women's physique champion that never got the accolades and never made the money she should have because she was in a lesser division. Now she's going for Miss Olympia against the greatest of all time. And if she beats Iris, she sets up a legacy of her own. Plus, who knows what other dark horses could be and the wings that might even sneak in there and beat both those girls? That's exciting. That sells tickets, that sells pay-per-view views. That is exciting. We have to create excitement. Hey, you guys did it in the fitness division. You somehow got a Delah and you somehow got an oxideaggress sheet of the comeback and challenged Whitney Jones for that Olympia title. That's exciting. That's a great move. Telling you, combine those divisions, allow people who qualify in two divisions to compete. It's just, it's fun. It's like when Trump came along with that football league and they made the instant replay, through we can check and you can do the challenge, the challenge, the referees decisions on the replay as well. I mean, that made sense. That was exciting. And then when those leagues fell apart, the NFL adopted those ideas because they made sense. They made the sport faster and more exciting and allowed the fans to get more involved. Think about it. I'm Dave Palombo with an RX muscle rant.