Old School Body Building Clothing Company. If it's been three and a half hours since you last ate protein, now you're starting to freak out, you are old school. If watching someone sit on a hammer machine for five minutes between sets playing with their phone, pisses you off, you are definitely old school. OSBBC.com for the hardest training athletes. I love you. I'm Dave Palombo, founder of Species Nutrition. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body and that lives on in the species nutrition line of products. I put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition products. If you want to be your absolute best, join the evolution. Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X Pro, 30-year-to-year-old. And what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry with the low-car caulk tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Alright, self-vision on rxmuscle.com. This is ass Dave better known as hashtag ass Dave. You're a 30-minute question, an answer show with Dave Palombo. All your questions, diet training, supplementation, I FPV pros, news, whatever's on your mind, it is all on the tables. We now bring a Dave Palombo Dave earlier today. You got to speak to the impressive. And I mean impressive, Hunter, La Brada, you saw the comments. Obviously, just one this past week in Chicago pro. Many call him really in the crop of the new generation of bodybuilders, really at that top elite tiers of ambassadors and really one of the future superstars of this sport. You know, I've interviewed Hunter since, you know, he started his whole thing every time he's one of the shows. It's funny because he pointed out to me and I forgot that he had one every show except the Olympia that he did. Amateur and pro. And, you know, he's got such a level of maturity about him and you could tell that he's his father's son for sure because he definitely falls in his dad's footsteps. And I could just tell, you know, when they showed that picture, I think you put it on our Instagram of Lee standing with his dad, his dad, like just staring at him while you want the trophy up on stage. You could tell how proudly he is. And you know what, it's great because Lee and he's got another ambassador for LeBron and Nutrition now and his, you know, Hunter is kind of like the new guy now on the block. He's the face of the company. They just rebranded with a new line of LeBron approach series supplements that they're coming out with. So he's got, you know, he's got the business side connected to the bodybuilding side, but you can tell he's really passionate about being the best bodybuilder that he could be. And I think he has every intention on being Mr. Olympia at some point in the future. And you know what, I wouldn't vote against him or I wouldn't bet he gets him for all the money in the world because this guy is got a good head on the shoulders. He's got the tool set. He's actually got a better tool set than his dad had because he's taller. He's got a bigger frame and a lot more muscle. So if Lee LeBron had to play second at the Mr. Olympia, Hunter LeBronica win the Mr. Olympia someday, will have happened. We won't know, but I think he's got that tough, tough mindset, which is what you need because you can be great for a couple of years, but it's about longevity in this sport. And this doesn't take one or two years to win the Mr. Olympia competition. So I was very impressed with him. As I always am when I interview him and I think he's getting better and better and he's made an eight pound improvement from last year at Muscle Mass-wise. And he does it again next year. He's going to be very tough to be. He's obviously got a very cerebral approach. I mean, he explains the process behind every little thing that he does also very transparent. I mean, one of the few bodybuilders that I mean, I think about it, almost every other day, he's posting a wide array of progress pictures. So very cool, very cool to follow. So if you haven't watched it, check it out. It's live right now on our YouTube channel. Full Q&A was a live show. So fans got to answer, ask your questions as well. Think about this. He's one of the few bodybuilders that's actually a young guy who's competing, who's in doors, who has a supplement in doors, but it's really his company. If you think about it, I mean, his dad's company, or as he calls his dad Lee, but let's face it. It's family business. He's working for himself, basically. Let's go to the questions. The first two questions from the day of Palombo experience, the first question. Dave, do you see anything on the horizon that is new, we're exciting for gear supplements for our community. I think we get to ask this almost once a few months as far as what's new, what's new, what do you see on the horizon? Well, think about it. Think about what this new vaccine, the COVID vaccine is all about. It's a messenger RNA vaccine, basically, that delivers a genetic sequence to yourselves, which then enable yourselves to actually express this spike protein, which is then stimulate your immune system. Pretty soon, this is going to be, if there's the dollar signs are there, there's going to be vaccines if you want. You want to call the performance enhancing injections. We're going to inject vaccines, essentially, into yourself that are going to deliver messenger RNA to yourselves. They're going to tell yourselves, stop producing myostat. We know myostat and is a protein that inhibits muscle gains. That is perfected, which it probably has the technology's probably there. Once that's perfected, you're going to see guys growing and girls growing much, much bigger. I think the genetic manipulation of the genome is the next big thing. Because you know what, I always like these guys, they come out with these different protocols for taking steroids and GH and insulin. As if we had a big of a satar ready, there's going to be some new cocktail that no one has come up with. There's nothing new out there right now. The peptides are new to the marketplace, but they're not really replacing steroids and GH because they're just not as potent. But same thing with Sarm. Sarm's are much, much weaker. Once we have a tool set that is going to enable bodybuilders to get to that next level of muscle development, that's when we're going to see some amazing things happen. And I think the manipulation of our genome is going to be what's next. I just want to make another point. This is one of the questions from the day polimoxperians app. With that app is for those of you who don't know, it's it. You can go into your iTunes store or Android store and you can download this app. And it's basically having day polimbo's your coach on your self, on your pocket. So all the articles I've written and all the videos I've ever done all collected in one place. We put a workout of the week up there. I answer everyone's questions, who ask questions on the app right on the app in a public form. So everyone sees everyone's answers and questions there. And I also do an exclusive Q&A video for the app every single week. So it's like getting another dose of ask date. If you're looking to further educate yourself and I'm going to tell you something, those questions are seriously a lot of them are really, really tough questions in the sense that they're specific. How to do this, how to do that. If you want to take your learning to the next level and constantly keep improving yourself, it's a great app for 29 bucks a month. I mean, you can't beat it. It's like a continuing education thing. And it's a tax write off of your coach. That's continuing education. You write that off your taxes every single year. Second question from the Dave Plumbo experience that it's about post-contest training. So they want to know how they should train in the first few weeks after a contest. I'll take this up further. How did you in your career train coming off a contest? I'll tell you what I did. And I'll tell you what I do now with some of my clients. But when I would finish a show, a lot of people would take week two weeks off. The gym and my daughter from the gym, I was already off for almost a week. Because I wouldn't train two days before the show. And then I wouldn't train the day of the show and then I'm not trained the day after the show usually. So by Monday morning, I'm ready to go back to the gym. And what I would do is I would go back and I would do one body part. But I would only do like one or two exercise. So let's say I'm going to go back and do chest. I'm going to get under an incline bench press. And I'm going to do maybe four or five sets. And I'll probably leave the gym. I might do some abs and leave. The next day I may come back and do back. I might do a couple sets of bent rows, three sets. And I might do some pull-downs to reset. And I leave the gym, but I do a lot of just squeezing. And you'd be shocked. Your body is like in such an anabolic state that all the foods you're eating now. Because you're going to obviously eat a much greater volume of food, higher protein, higher carbs, for sure. Probably a lot more fats because you're probably going to eat some, you know, some dirtier carbs. You know, I was going to McDonald's a lot. I was eating some pancakes. Whatever I happen to enjoy eating, friend, for us. And it's like your body just sucks up all this nutrients. Because think about it. When you're dieting, you're basically starving your body. Your body's in this mode where it's like looking for anything that it can absorb, but you're not giving it what it wants. So it can't, it can't build or it can't store things. It can only mobilize fat from the cells and repair muscle. And that's really what you're doing when you're dieting. Right? Now you're not training as much. You're giving your body a tremendous volume of nutrients that it needs. It's going to store things. But, you know, because you're eating high protein and you're giving your body a little bit of stimulus in the gym, even though you're not lifting heavy, you're stimulating. Everything's going to get stored as, quote, muscle. So your body's going to take that protein and you're eating and it's going to start building muscle in a much more accelerated rate. Because your body felt like it wasn't getting enough to do what it needed to do prior to that because you were over training so much and you were under eating. And that's why you get this rebound. It has really nothing to do with the drugs. And I think that's a big mistake people make. They pound drugs like for four to six weeks after a show of things or eight weeks. And they think they're going to get a rebound because of the drugs. You got tons of drugs in your system already. And I've said this the last three weeks and a row. It's not the drugs. It's the food. You can eat. You don't have to eat clean but you need to eat every two hours and give yourself a high amount of protein because that's what's going to build the muscle. Your body wants to build muscles. So you're going to give it rest meaning you're not going to train every single day. You might train for five days a week. You're going to stimulate the muscle in the gym but you're not going to over train in the gym and you're not going to do an hour of cardio so that your body has a lot of recuperation time to build that muscle because you don't build muscle in the gym. You build muscle when you lay in your bed sleeping at night. That when you repair things all you have to do job wise is feed your body what it needs. Let's go to our Instagram questions again if you're not already following us on Instagram our handle is official underscore our ex muscle if you are following us there. You would see that last night, a high green sent deep plumber a couple of videos. We posted both of them on our feed. So of course that's going to go for dyspensibility possible, high green return. I really think that this guy wants to come back. I do. I don't think he would have reached out to me because he knows I've been critical in the past but I also know that I'm a very supportive of his career and as him as a person. I've known since he's 19 years old. We competed at the same shows and the same circuit. I was older than him. I was a little bit four or five years older than him but we used to see each other almost every weekend. Here's a guy and then I reported on him. I did that video that's famous when I went to his house when he was living in the projects. So I know Kai for a very long time and I think Kai says, you know what? I think Kai is feeling he really wants to compete that this is a year he can do it. And I think he wanted to get an honest opinion from me and quite frankly he's he contact to me. I didn't contact him at all. He sent me the videos and then afterwards I said look you know is this confidential. So I keep this between us. He says no you can share the videos if you want. Now he went to the lab and he shared the videos. He had not really wanted to compete at this point. He was asking my advice as to how he should go about it and approaching that. So I do think he wants to compete whether he pulls the you know whether he doesn't or not is another story because I think he still on the side of whether he feels he can be ready in 10 weeks. I think he can. He basically hasn't done really much of anything in terms of supplements go. I think once he kicks everything into gear his body is just going to explode with growth. And I think we're going to see it. I think we could see the best. And you know what? One of the things that a lot of people I was always speculating on the last couple is I'm like why wouldn't Kai green compete when we had that vacant year where you know rodent wasn't allowed to compete and that's where Brandon Curry won. I said that would have been the perfect time to kite it win. But you know what kinds of an artist. He wants to have a dramatic everything is about drama with him and the storyline behind it. And wouldn't it be great? You get big Randy finally winning the Mr. Olympia. You know establishing himself is the new mass monster on the block and who can knock him out? No one can knock him out right? But Kai green can knock him out and Kai green comes in and this is the biggest challenge of his career who's obviously not a young man anymore. But if he would have come in and knock out big Randy and when the Olympia that would be the crowning I think jewel in his career I think because it would be a great story because he wouldn't just have a comment in one an empty title he would have beaten one of the better champions that we've had in a long time. So I think that we I think we might see Kai this is enough drama and enough dramatic we're poetic you know what do you have if you want to call it. Content for him that he can get his mind wrapped around this and I think motivate himself to be the best that he can do. Will he or won't he saga that we have seen since 2016? Kai becoming a two-week crowning conclusion this year keep it locked and we will surely have more on this. But again if you're watching us for the first time on YouTube hit the subscribe button hit the notification bell like we mentioned we had a hundred of the broad on live earlier so if you're following us you would have seen the notification you would have been able to jump on and ask Hunter a question as well. We plan on doing a lot more with our athlete interviews and especially now with the Arnold just around the corner Olympia Tweez after that with the athlete interviews we're going to be doing a lot of them we will do in a live form as you will have the opportunity to part take. Let's start off with Carlos Fitt and YC so Rally Winkler of course after the Chicago Pro announcing that he would be competing at Tampa Pro. Do you think really can make the need improvements to try and win at Tampa I think it is E in Valier show to win? Well you know I'm heavy do you watch heavy muscle rate of this past week we were speculating between Chris Cito and I Chris thinks that Rally just never added back the size that he had at one time because he had an injury took the year off. I don't think that's the case I don't necessarily agree with that I think I think that Rally overdited for this an over dehydrated and over did everything because that's what happened a lot of times when you're out of the game for over a year you just you overdo things and I think he learned his lesson. I guarantee you on Sunday or Monday after the show he probably looked like an absolute freak show and I think what he's going to do is he's going to rain it and he's going to you know get back to what he does best. He's going to rest his body a little bit initially and I think we're going to see a much better Rally Winkler in Tampa. How good he is that's up for you know, grabs. If Chris was right and he did lose and he never gained back that muscle that he had then we're going to see a pretty much the same Rally Winkler. However, I was right and he's just overdid it we might see a freaky crazy Rally Winkler and that's what the exciting thing is because we really don't know what we're going to see and it's going to make Tampa that much better because Rally wasn't intending on doing Tampa. Now we have another element to that show you know where we're going to see another superstar in that lineup. I agree with you though. I think Ian Valier has got to be one of the guys to beat all of the there's other people in this line of that that that has to be at the be feared as well but Rally at his best, you know I don't know if anyone could beat him in the line of will we see him at his best? Flip of cooling I don't know. I'll do another athlete what if questions from Josh K. Where do you think that Seth Farosi would have placed at the Olympia at his all-time best? I'm assuming they mean at the 212 will win the Olympic because he was a 212 guy. I think he's good at one of his best. He was really good. I mean people don't remember him. He was one of his first pro show. The guy was a freak. I mean he's got freaky crazy conditioning. He has a nice shape. He's got a lot of mass on his frame. I think he would have done really well but you know different times different days you know you can't it's hard to compare someone from what they look like 10 years ago to what they would look like you know now unless you actually see the guy. You know like it's like saying you know Lee Priest is going to make a comeback next year will Lee Priest be the lead priest from 10 years ago. I don't I doubt it will we see a greatly priest I think we will because I don't think we'll get on stage if he's anything less than his best so but what will we look like we have to wait you see. It's got an excellent 187 Dave can you explain the exact science behind card cycling specifically on high card days is it best to have the day off or the day before you train a lagging body card. If you think of carb carbohydrate intake especially when you're dieting and as gasoline in your car you have a tank in your car right that holds so much gasoline okay in your body you have glycogen stores in your liver and in your muscles that hold stored glucose basically carbohydrates and the idea behind carb cycling is that you're going to some days you're going to give lower carbon take so that the glycogen stores the pleat themselves down and when the glycogen stores the pleat themselves down your body has to dig into stored body fat and mobilize more fat but when the glycogen stores get filled up it seems like it stimulates your metabolic rate a little bit because your insulin levels are higher and that stimulates thyroid hormone the inactive thyroid home and T4 convert more to T3 which raises metabolic rate. That's why we eat a big carb meal you sweating and everything like that because it's raising your metabolism so the idea is some days you go low so that you're mobilizing and burning fat and then on the other days you know maybe three or four you know one or two days a week you go higher so you refill those glycogen stores up stimulate the metabolic rate indirectly now even though you might not be mobilizing fat on those days but you might be just because you're getting an indirect effect from your metabolism raising raising up if you would continue eating high carbs you would overspill the the glycogen stores just like you can't you fill too much gas into the gas tank of your car and then what but with your body rather than the stuff spilling onto the ground if you overfill the glycogen stores now you start storing body fat you know and that's what we don't want to do so that's why you always want to keep the glycogen stores a little underfilled when they get too low you give a little carb load and I do that with guys now you know if guys get too flat because I have them on low carbs for too many days I feed them you know and then once they fill up and I know the glycogen stores a full now I can deplete them down again and that you you do that sea salt that's what carb cycling is so that you get that effect now you couldn't also do it in a more extreme way when you keep carbs low when you you stay on a ketogenic diet so when you're on a low low carb diet all the time likeogen stores are really empty you're burning maximum fat because now your body has no fuel and your brain is in ketosis meaning that it's using fat as a fuel source rather than carbs to your brain feels good the only negative to that is that your metabolism can slow down a little bit and that's why you do a cheat meal once a week so there's different strategy and the cheat meal would basically be like a high carb day you know so in essence even on a ketogenic diet you're still a carb cycling you're just only a carb cycling one day a week usually so there's different various ways of doing it and it really depends on the person how much weight they need to lose how much fat if they need to lose and what kind of metabolism they have and that's what you have to ascertain as a coach when you decide what kind of a diet you're going to put a person on from from Shadi El Zamunia at a very long question I'm just going to ask the top part of it I mean you want to know why bodybuilding is not at the Olympics all out to that do you think bodybuilding has a shot has ever really been much of an effort to get bodybuilding in the Olympics Ben Weedor that was his quested life to put the well every show we ever saw him talk at the Arnold in the Olympic every year it was the Olympics and this guy I'm talking to the president and we're getting a send the Asian games and here's the problem about everything everyone thinks it's a drug related thing it's really not because they can do the same random drug tests they do with every sport I mean and I'm sure that'd be athletes that can beat the test and we'll pass the test and I'm sure there are natural athletes that will be able to compete and beat the test because they they don't take any drugs but here's the problem it's how do you quantify bodybuilding there's no specific poses and scores aren't you hit this pose right you get this many points like you do it like sand gymnastics or in you know ice skating and stuff like that they don't have a quantify body building so you can score and even the posing around is not scored which is the one thing that you can actually quantify they haven't done that and until they do that and they probably won't because I don't think anyone cares that it's not the Olympics you'll never see bodybuilding in the Olympics I think you have a better chance of getting fitness the fitness division into the Olympics before you would bodybuilding because at least fitness you can score the routine if you and and once they don't even have a quantify they used to have a quantify of a scoring system if they made one you'd be much more likely to get that one in first but I don't think that the organization has any desire to put it in the Olympics is once you get it on the auspices of the IOC the Olympic committee testing committee now they're going to want to drug testing and I want to randomly drug testing I don't think our bodybuilding organization wants any part of that and I don't blame them it's not worth it not open it's not worth opening that canter worms um let me see if I we're getting as we usually do a few keto related questions let's go to live for pump I'm hearing more about collagen lately do you recommend using it if so what should I look for specifically before purchasing you know collagen protein has been around since you know the the 70s I mean that was the first protein they ever sold liquid collagen protein and you know it was cheap they would you know they get it from the I don't even know where they would when they dissolved the collagen from bones and cartilage of animals it probably probably the waste of they throw out from the butcher shops and it would be like a syrup almost this six year and I remember I actually remember that type of the black man family first started their visits with twin lab they were a liquid collagen uh protein and it was a big diet thing back big craze back and they people would just drink these this collagen protein all day long and I remember when I was in high school they could kids would bring in the little things of collagen protein it was the taste disgusting it was like super sweet you just swing it down oh you gonna build muscle from this and then they realize the collagen protein really is not a great source of protein it's not that high in branching I mean it was a better source would be you know way protein egg protein you know casing and so collagen kind of got side you know basically put on the sideline so to speak then when way protein prices went through the roof people were looking for cheaper alternatives and they went to collagen back to cow hay collagen's good for your joints it fits in that and that but but so do I think it's worth using collagen protein now I think the the best bang for your buck okay if you want to get a good quality supplement that probably good quality protein supplement that actually is probably almost better than food as far as the biological uh availability of it and your body's ability to absorb it you got to go with the pure way isle 100% way isle because way isle it's have no lactose in them assuming you're using good quality one and they get assimilated really quickly and effectively especially post workout so if you're gonna use a protein supplement that's what I would recommend you using when you start getting into the cheaper casing and collagen proteins and even some of the plant proteins you get what you pay for pretty much you're gonna pay less money but you're not gonna get you're not gonna get a product that's gonna be as effective let's go to tailor-efficient dumbbell versus cable side ladders for side delts you know I like I love cable side ladders because I think that you have I love the continuous tension aspect of it and you know I do side ladders so I have a cable machine in my house and I don't even go ahead you don't you don't have to go heavy I mean as long as you're squeezing and you're getting the the contraction on the way up and in the way down I like it the problem is you can't really go that heavy on it and because it's a very tough movement to do dumbbells you can kind of cheat a little bit more and get them up a little bit so when I was competing I would do a little bit of dumbbell work I do some cable work but what I really like for building side delts is the side delt machine if you've never sat in any of those machines when you put the pad on your elbow and you kind of just you know bring them out to the side I do one arm at a time I kind of hold on to the machine and I do one arm at a time and I feel like that because you can push from your elbow because the thing is sitting on your elbow you don't even the hold on and it's all side ladders no way to cheat you can't really you know use momentum that to me built my delts better than any other exercise I did for for shoulders including behind in that crisis which I was doing three or fifteen for I think it's a very isolating great movement. We'll take another keto related questions from Ivan bodybuilding when doing a keto diet what percent of the fact should come from saturated fat is there a difference for an enhanced male or female and for natural or a natural male or female. I think the majority of fact should come from mono and saturated fat like extra virgin olive oil and that can name it on oil of a codo oil to be avocado oil taste terrible extra virgin olive oil unfortunately in this country a lot of it is fake it's just soybean oil or it's watered down with soybean oil plus you can't really cook with extra virgin olive oil because it burns that's why I came out with my own macadamia that oil it was very hard to find macadamia that oil wasn't available readily in this country it's only one or two brands that make it was expensive so I decided I put my mind to it and I went out there and I found I sourced it from South Africa and I've been selling I sell a ton of macadamia that oil on species nutrition.com and I like it because it burns very very well it met about and that effected in stimulation metabolism so I'd say probably 60% of your of your fat calories should come from mono and saturated fat so you can eat avocado it was too you don't have to take it in an oil form but I'm just saying maco oil is a very easy way to get a lot of that in I think 20% probably should come from saturated fat because after all you do need saturated fat and all the cell membranes of all the cells in your body so if you break down muscle tissue you're repairing mostly protein which is the internal components of the cell but the outer components are comprised of essential fats and saturated fats you want to take in some saturated fat I get most of my saturated fats nowadays from egg yolks other people like red meat you know and I used to use a lot of red meat you know I ate macadamia every day so you can do it from that as well you know 20% the other 20% of your fat should come from what we call polyunsaturated fats or the essential fatty acids that's your own megatrees and I'll make a you could take and it's just you know you probably can get away with almost 10% or what I do is of that 20% probably half of that is taken in supplement form so I have a product called omega-lice it has fish oil in it evening primrose oil in it you should get about three grams of each per day and that that's something you you probably if you do that you're going to be you can check that box of hey I got my essential fats and I also eat omega-3 eggs I eat salmon while salmon so I'm getting a lot more the rest of my polyunsaturated fat intake is coming from the foods that I'm eating and if you do that and then of course the other omega-6 or rackathon I guess it is found in chicken and beef so you're getting that so you could eat the saturated fat you could eat the some of the polyunsaturated fats and you can certainly eat the monounsaturated fats but the one thing that you should supplement with is the cost of the fact that it's hard sometimes to get the right amount of food would be your essential fats omega-3s and sexes in which case you should take a private like my omega-lice or something else that's comparable to that. um um officially priest wants to know can I send you a video of me breakdancing so you can advise me and if I should go to the Olympia or just open a fruit stand. I don't know I I'm not Simon Cowell for that's for sure I can give you my opinion on your breakdancing skills that probably you would probably want you know a more experienced breakdance. Oh who is the breakdance and um it was a guy who used to breakdance I know a lot of the fitness competitors to breakdance on stage during their routines but I don't remember it was a body movie who did it to I can't remember. Here's a picture of it. What was a Victor Richards? No and I thought I don't know maybe I don't know but I guess I bet he could breakdance. He said I would recommend sending you a video of the kind of great let him critique it. Or just leave recreate that video and then we'll post that. Yeah yeah that's right. Time for a couple more questions go to uh Ashah's kidney journey. I mean kidney transplant recipient on immunosuppressing and VP meds as well as prednisone please could you explain how this may affect my muscle building of uh uh and weight loss please I can build muscle relatively well but fat loss is the issue any tips on how to improve this given his condition and what he's taking. Yeah. Prednisone obviously is is a is a catabolic hormone so it worked the opposite of anabolic steroid so if you're taking something anabolic you know at the same time you're taking Prednisone you can kind of override that effect. The problem is that prednisone mole basically tells you a liver to produce glucose from immunosuppressing. It's glucone eugenic and what that does by raising blood sugar causes your body to release more insulin after absorb the sugar so you have a high insulin output and a high sugar content your blood which makes it difficult to lose weight. That's why prednisone makes you fat okay we all know that so you're you're you're trying to combat that effect. What I would do is I would keep my my carb a hydrate intake very low. If I mean if I'm having to take prednisone because prednisone is already raising blood sugar you don't need anymore in the blood and I would eat a high protein moderate fat approach and I think you'll get a better results that way because as soon as you start putting carbs in there you know you're you're having a situation where you're overproducing tons of insulin and it makes it very difficult for monely to lose weight. Prednisone alone what do you think the first thing you see if someone on Prednisone you got a big moon face right? Hopefully at some point they could ween you off the Prednisone and just keep you on the other immunosuppressants and that's usually what happens at some point I don't know how long it's been since you're transplant but usually after the first year they try to get you off the Prednisone if they feel that your body is not going to reject the kidney. That will more questions from Tubby Geo. If you had access to all farm up PDs what would you suggest for a mass cycle dose taking into account diet, calcerept and training is on point. Yeah I mean I mean I was getting pharmacy drugs when I was competing in the 90s and I and for me a thousand milligrams of testosterone worked really well with like and literally we were using three to 400 milligrams of acropoise a week or four to 500 milligrams of dechiro week, 76 milligrams of tremble on which was was called parable and back then two or three times a week and we would build a lot of muscle I was using three to four I used maximum of GH per week but it was all pharmacy you know great stuff and it worked and I think a lot of the problems today is that there's two problems one problem is that people think they need a ridiculous amount of drugs to be huge the other problem is that the drugs are not dose properly or they're not the actual drugs that people think they're taking and that's why the the roi test kits we saw I saw on my day paloma dot com website sell so well because people are always testing their products and unfortunately a lot of the stuff out there is either nothing or it's cheaper ingredients in other words people think they're using tremble on or they think they're using dacca and they're actually using test prophyne they think they're using adivari that using dianimal it's it's a podge podge of a mixed mishmosh out there and but if you can get pharmacy great stuff and you know your gear is good you don't need quite as much as people think that's going to do for this episode of astabe reminder right now on the channel live interview with hunter lebrata live as in we took questions from live users i plan on doing a lot more this so again if you haven't already subscribed hit the subscribe under the low i had to note a kitchen bell if you like what you're watching hit the like button comment below obviously that helps and as always we thank you for your support for Tyler sure in day palombo i'm city for rookie we'll see you next time