Day below here with an RX muscle, news, update the cow pro is taking place this weekend, the competitor list is released. And let's see what I feel about this lineup. Going into the cow pro, obviously we have to look at the guys who are front runners at the New York pro, specifically Max Charles who probably looked the best we've seen in a very, very long time. Mill of sources that we're going to say, you probably should have won the show. I don't know if I go that far, but we certainly saw a terrific Max Charles, very conditioned, big thick, you know, his legs that are always a slight weakness in his physique because of his upper body, and it's so good. Seem to have really come up a lot since he started training with Neil Osarshav. And, you know, he's going to be out in California, so we know Neil is going to be there and cheering him off for sure. Now, here's the thing with Max. Max is one of these guys. You either get a great Max, Charles, you get a so-so Max Charles. If we get a great Max Charles, this is his show that he certainly can win. Putting aside Max Charles for a minute, if we move over to a, you know, probably a fan favorite, I have to say the Patrick Moore who is probably one of the most conditioned guys also in the New York pro two weeks ago or last week, I should say. He's got to be considered also one of the favorites. He's notoriously done very good at the cow pro. He qualified for the Olympia at the cow pro last year. Here's a guy who's got all the tools. He flows well. He's got great condition. He's got a small waist. He's got, you know, a classic physique. You know, the knock against him is that he doesn't have enough size. A lot of times to stand with some of these bear guys in the lineup. Will the fact him here as much as he did at New York pro? Probably not because you're not going to have some of the heavy, you know, hitters like the E in Valieras in that lineup. And I don't see Justin Rodriguez in this lineup as well. So I think that obviously you remove some of the top guns so to speak. And now Patrick Morbick comes a more dominant body builder. But I think the wild card here is has to be, you know, Huston Mustafa, who really is lacking nobody parts. He's the thickest guy in the lineup. He's got the most muscle per square inch. He's got good symmetry. He's got, you know, the knock against him has been stage presence. And also his condition was not what people felt. He needed to be in New York to win the show. Chris and Sita would disagree, but Chris would not disagree that he could have been a little tighter. So I know that Chris is probably going to work them very hard this week to bring him in as best. If Husband Mustafa comes in at his best, I don't know if anyone can beat him in the slide. Only because of the fact that he's missing nothing. And he's got the best legs by far in the entire lineup. Matt Shawls obviously with the slightly weaker legs. And that's going to hurt him. And of course, Patrick Morbick is just not as big as Husband Mustafa. So I think it's who's done a son of Mustafa's show to lose here. If he brings what he needs to bring to the show, he walks away with victory. Then of course we have, you know, the wildcard guys that are what we call against the dark horses and to unvaliant who was seven place in New York, who I thought was a little over-depleted. If he comes in here fuller with his classic physique and his posing and presentation, that's probably better than everyone else on stage, I think we're going to see him move up into that top five. How far up he goes is going to be dependent on how these other guys look and how much better he comes in looking himself. Stannimal stand alongo is moving up from classic physique and he's making his pro-day view in the open class. It will be interesting to see how he stacks up against these guys. This is his first time in the open. He put on a lot of muscle. He might be a wild horse or a dark horse in this lineup as well. Eddie Bracamante is always a competitive competitor. He's going to watch out for if he shows up in his best with his conditioning, he can certainly get into that top five and maybe even higher. So you've got to watch out for him and I think on when is probably got the best symmetry in the lineup here. Balance, he's always in these California shows. His knock has also been, doesn't bring the conditioning to the stage and he really needs to. If he brings it here, look for on when to absolutely be a top five competitor. This lineup is still stacked with guys that could be dark horses coming from international countries out of the states that could come in here for the first time and make a name for themselves. That's what makes it exciting when we don't know who all the, I guess you could say, the front runners are. But I think we have to say match draws, Patrick Moore. Of course, Hassan-Bastoff, I have to be the top three front runners in this contest. They'll be the guys to beat how they stack up or how they finally place is going to be dependent greatly on what they bring to the stage, comes Saturday. Hey guys, Siddhi Furuki here with an update, a medical update on Hassan-Bastoffa. The Instagram post you're looking at is from about seven hours ago where obviously he's in the hospital. But he is thanking God and he is giving confirmation that he has received medical clearance to compete at this weekend's Cal Pro. Now earlier on, he had discussed that he had a bad case of hemorrhoids which impacted his performance at last weekend's New York Pro. Now yesterday we had received word that that impacted area had developed an infection which ultimately resulted in the hospitalization. But as we had heard earlier in the day and as he's conforming in this post, he had received medical clearance. So you will see Hassan-Bastoffa on stage this weekend in Las Vegas.