Daypalumbo here with an RX muscle news update, sad news in our body building industry. Once again, I've been reporting this all too often, as I've said many, many times now. Good friend of mine, top IFBB women's bodybuilder back in the day, and professional wrestler for quite a while. Melissa Coates has passed. She was at home with her boyfriend, she stopped breathing, and the boyfriend tried to give her CVR, and I guess it was not successful. The paramedics came from what I understand, and she wasn't able to be revived. So Melissa Coates has passed it 50 years of age. Very, very sad day. It was supposed to actually interview her this coming week, believe it or not. My good friend of mine, Alex Beyoncé, and I said, call me. She was friends with her as well. She said, Melissa really wanted to interview with you, because Melissa had gone through some medical issues. She had lost her leg from the knee down, due to blood clot, and she was going to be going to tour. Maybe even with Flex Wheelarium, I understood doing some motivational talks to veterans and people had lost their legs and limbs, and she wanted to come on and tell about her whole story about what happened. I was excited, because I said, I was friends of Melissa. And it just never came to be. And I had a bad, I had a bad premonition. I actually told my mother, collect that, you know, I said, I have a, I just the only that something's going to go wrong with Melissa, and I just was a bit, I should, I almost feel like, like, regretful that I hadn't talked to her before that. But obviously, the universe has its own plan for us, and we have to just kind of play along with it. You know, I met Melissa back in 1995 for the first time. She was guest posing at a NPC show called the Muscle Beach in New Jersey. It was probably around 1995, 1996. And it was the first time I had seen her on stage alive, and she was magnificent. I mean, she was an amazing shape, she was tanned off. She looked, I actually was ready to get on the Olympia stage. And I said, man, that's women's body building and the presentation. She just was, she was so, like, your eyes just went to her. She was like that kind of presence that was so big in the room that it just drew you to her, and you couldn't take your eyes off her, and that was Melissa. And she even, as a bodybuilder, as a professional wrestler, and she had a little stint, she, I know she did a special show at the WWE, and she was trying to get into a full time. And I guess, for whatever reason, she just couldn't manage to do that. So she wrestled a little in a lot of independent leagues for many, many years. Obviously, told she had her leg issue. But she loved to perform. She loved to entertain people. She loved to be that person that put a smile on your face that made you say, hey, this is cool. Look at her. Look at she can do. And I'm telling you, back in the day, she had one heck of a physique. And if there was women's physique back in her day, she might have been the Olympia champ for sure, because that was the look that certainly would have sold many, many seats. And she was in many magazines. A lot of photo shoots, a lot of, you know, inflex, muscle fitness, muscle mag all the time because she was Canadian. So she was a fixture back in the 90s and early 2000s. And if you were around then, you read the magazine, you knew who Melissa Coates was. And it's a shame that when people pass so unexpectedly, I mean, who would have thought, you know, talking to a friend of hers on Facebook, who was like, who's just like completely blowing away, because Melissa had been there when she lost her father. And, you know, that's the kind of person Melissa was. Melissa was a person who would compassionate, who could sit there and listen to you talk for two hours about your problems, you know, and, and, and comfort you and make you feel good about yourself. And that takes that's a special person, you know, that's a special skill. A lot of people don't care about anyone else has to say they're only care about themselves. But Melissa was like that. She was the kind of person that really cared about people. So when you see someone like that pass so unexpectedly, it, it, it, it, it grips you your heart really, it rips it out. I'll leave you guys with this story because two days ago, in my garage, well, let me take you back a couple of years ago. My father passed about three years ago, four years ago now. The next day, or that night, actually, there was a pigeon in my garage. Now, for those, you know, okay, Carl Flart, there's no pigeons here. We're not in the middle of Manhattan. And this pigeon was in my garage at night, sitting in there would not leave. No matter, I could, I try to scram and add there, wouldn't leave, it would not go away. And I couldn't figure out what was going on. And then, you know, I realized because my father was always like, you know, my father was very educated, everything like that. And I said, you know what? I remember reading one step, the last day in Palombo, men pigeon. And so I equated that, that pigeon with my father, you know. And I truly believe my father's spirit was there in that pigeon, you know, letting me know that he made it or right over to the other side. Well, two days ago in my garage on top of my brand new BMW X7, which was kind of getting you a little pissed off because I didn't know why this thing was here. There was a huge peacock in there. I'll even show you the video to prove it. And I couldn't figure out what this thing would not leave. I mean, I was going, usually these things, you go near him and they scatter in three seconds. This bird would not leave. My kids were trying to defeat and it bred, you know. It was just staying up there. It was like hanging, I think, would not leave. I don't know why it was sitting on top of my car. And it was driving me crazy. I'm like, what the hell is this bird in the egg? Because I got peacocks in the egg, but they never come, you know, they run. They're gone. They come into your garage and hang out. I truly believe that was Melissa Spirod right there because Melissa was the peacock. When you walk into that room, she grabbed your attention. And that's what the peacock is as far as when I see a bird that's a peacock, I think, a people that are something flamboyant, something that wants to show itself off. And I believe that her spirit was there telling me she made it. All right, and everything's going to be good and not to mourn her and to celebrate her life. And so on that happy note, I'm going to tell everyone, let's celebrate Melissa's life. Let's take a moment. Reflect, give our send our prayers out to her family and friends and fans in this time of loss. And I just want to tell you, Melissa, you'll never be forgotten. You'll always be indelibly etched into my mind on day polembo with an RX muscle news update.