Old School Body Building Clothing Company. If it's been 3.5 hours since you last ate protein, now you're starting to freak out, you are old school. If watching someone sit on a hammer machine for five minutes between sets playing with their phone, pisses you off, you are definitely old school. OSBBC.com for the hardest training athletes. Alright, I sell vision on rismuscle.com. This is Iron Dabait. Our first episode since the buildup to the 2020 Olympia Glad you can join us on the street for root humor host. This is the show where we settled the score of the base, introduced our esteem panel. Going left to right first joining us, Lee Preasy saw him earlier this week on heavy muscle radio. Glad you can join us for this episode. We go to the man now based out of Las Vegas, Miloche, the mind, Sarseva, always great to have his opinions and insights. And then we, this is the show that we created with this guy in mind. And of course we're talking about King Kamali King Kamali making his return to Iron Dabait. And then of course the man of the hour. Top 5 Olympia in 2006, handful of top 6 finishes, one of the best pozers in body building history. And that is exactly going to be the topic that we're going to discuss this. And of course, we're going to have some drama some scores to settle. Of course we're talking about Melvin Anthony Melvin walking to the show. How's it going? Good. Good. And of course we go to our K-Posterios. Welcome in Dave Palumbo. Let's get right into this. Of course we talk about settling scores on the show. We are going to get we posted on our Instagram yesterday. And that is the top pozers in it today's body building. We had another episode of Iron Debate. But a year ago talking about the art of posing and maybe how it's gotten a little lost on translation since the 90s to today's body building. Melvin, we are going to settle the score first. So a couple of days ago, Sean Ray posted a video depicting himself essentially helping you with your posing. Now you wanted to have your piece. You claim that that video is not the very direct it is in a sense altered. So why don't you have your piece Tyler? If you want to show that video first, Melvin, you're going to have your piece and then we have another video perhaps the longer unedited version of that video. Sean Ray. Yeah. The one that we want to mention. Sean Ode, whatever he tells you, write it down. Use the JGDunes because I don't like that. Right. I was already trained to use what I can use and keep him as a confidant because friends go, you know, he don't know my mama. So we friends like us like he says we are. He's the least on the tree. Okay. I want to get you about posing because he and Clyde did he showed you some tricks here. Not any show me shit. Not real. Not real. Not show me anything about posing. No. I am. So you come out there to do this. There it is. It's in. They come up here. Back here. We got there. They're going to start over. You know, take your time. I'm going to hit it. I'm going to touch it. I'm going to touch it. No, I'm going to do that. You know, it's called the letter. You're talking about their passion. First one it. First one out. Come up there. Take your fucking time. Come on. They're touching my face. It's clear. They're touching my face. They're touching my face. That's a great thing. That's a great thing. You need to trade this like this. Pretty much a show. Just another day. Yeah. Just posing. All the way through with your Channing. I'm going to do this. This is a good guess. You know, how you got to do it? Yeah. And then you're like your water. So it's like a dead tiny place. It really looks like how young you look. It's a fantastic year. But when you have to stay, it's like five hours a car. Yeah. That's what you guys want to have. All right. So Tyler, do you have the other video cut up as well? Yes. All right. Here we go. Let's get it Tyler. Dave, if you want to talk over this one as far as what we're watching right now, where'd you get this? No. Marvin. Marvin has a video called Marvelous Melvin. And I guess this material copy had shot this video of Melvin's, you know, leading up to the Olympia. And I guess there was a lot of her who've seen me, I was there. And it was actually validating the whole video. I think me, the one who sent the original clip to Sean. Sean clipped this, I guess. And right after this, you can see. But let's play the clip. You know. Yes. Please play the clip, please. The one I sent you. Yeah. There it is. You don't have to type sample that. If you're trying to lose belly fat, this is stopped doing cardio. That's not what we're going to do. Just Tyler, you don't go. You guys still don't let them just enjoy that. Who's that? That's my train. That's John Brown. This is the first three times Mr. Mr. World. That's my train. That's who taught Sean. That is the general. That's me, Lo's. To push and put me in my foot in the right position. So I can get better detail out of my hamstrings. And I still use it today. That's your best by car, right? We're going to play on the hit that button. Now there's Sean. He's not going to front of the video. For whatever reason you give a tip. Okay, that's fine. All right. You can do that. That's good. I get the point. So you're saying John Brown was the guy who did your posing. I'm going to, I'm just going to clarify it right now. Because like I said before, if you keep front of this mouth, I'm a verbally bus disaster. So he's about to get it right now. So let's clarify the number one. This is like chess. I'm going to move a pond right now. So that is my video. That is my video that I sailed to this day called marvelous. Melvin Mel was my road to going pro in 1999. Now mind you from the beginning, John Brown is my trainer. Okay, he's like family. Yes, that's who taught me everything I know about compulsory transitions about how to put my feet, how to spin, how to create music, how to do it all. Okay, I took it to another level like I was taught. Sean Ray's dumb ass was in the same group. He was trained by John Brown before me. So how is it that you edit my video to try to make me look stupid? That's my video. You followed me into the locker room. I didn't tell you to come in there. Me, Subaru was filming that. So okay, that's like me telling you, Dave, hey, you know, you can probably get more out of it. If you twist your waist a little bit more and blow your obliques out and do that on stage, you'll probably get more out of it. Does that mean I thought you had a pose? Hell, no. So like I said, my stand behind what I said, Sean didn't teach me shit. So me, Lord came at the gym because I asked me to come in there. When me, Lord's put the footage up, I'm still happy about the memory. Nobody's taking it from Sean, but who's the hater? You know what I'm talking about? I'm as much of a hater as a liar as he is a good husband and a father. And not get off sit down somewhere, bro. You gave me a tip. So let's just say, Princeton, I just owe Mitch Sean's dumbass all the way up the picture and I never met him. Was that going to stop me from doing what I did in the sport? Hell, no. Was that going to stop me from winning the USA? Hell, no. Did I know how to pose when I won the Orange County, the California, the Palm Springs before he even was in my circle? Hell, no. So what he said was I'm a liar in the hater. So where in that video do you show I'm a liar? He came in and put his two cents in. If you look at the video I posted on Instagram that was from the show that you and I competed in David, did I do what he said? Hell, no, I did what they had I wanted to do because I was trained by John Brown. So how are you going to edit and take that whole part out of it to try to make me look bad? So now my, my, your filter, my filter on my mouth is about to come off. So let's get to it. So you want to talk about continuing this in video. I'll continue to talk about prison, because to do all this stuff, but I'm going to be clear. I stand behind what I said. You didn't teach me how to pose. I'm ranked as one of the best ever or if not the greatest opposite of ever be on the stage. I didn't say it. The fans said it. The judge just said it. Why are you just a me man? I don't understand. Are you mad because they're talking about me and not you. Since you want to be relevant, this is going to be the last time I talk about shot rate. I'm giving down what you talking about. I want to put my business in the street. I'm put your business in the street. That's my video. Okay. So we go. I'm going to flip it on. So you want to talk about, you know, send a people videos about me. I'm mad because, you know, he did video about me. You want to present some of the prison. Well, he said, hey, stop. And what I'm doing, you said I had 20 years. Said I was a heroin addict. You said a whole lot of shit. I didn't say nothing the first time. But now I'm going to say something. Let's talk about your mama. You're mama did 10 years for trafficking cocaine. And you want to talk about me. So who is the skillet that call a kettle black? You need to knock it off before I put that video on a hole out there. You have not taught me how to pose. That's 20 billion peer. It is over with stop talk. We do we do. We do. We do. We're right. We need a photo explode. We have it again. Oh, so again. I think we. What the. I think we will see. Can you see? No, no. Let me jump in until you're in your your appearance. Yes. Yeah, let me jump in. Okay, because of course. I've seen that video. You know, I posted on Instagram not knowing that. Melvin and Dave had the interview and Sean's. We asked some complaints in the morning. I, you know, and I said that I said that the clip of the video to Sean too. Because he's there. I figured Instagram. He can get a little bit of traffic on this one. And then he says, man, can you believe? Ben is says, I never train him. Posting in all this stuff. I've been this video and that being perfect for him. But let me let me just tell everybody the facts. I know Melvin since the early 90s. And I know John Brown. John Brown is the reason why I'm a pro. But he came to he was slightly back in the day. I saw him pose. I mean, he was the reason why I decided to do this. Since I came to know as they said this seven. I met John John taught me how to pose as well. There was a instance that actually Melvin was video caping. John, a show me how to pose and we try to replicate this. I mean, I have all that stuff. But let's say 1993 Melvin competed in some muscle mania contest. He was like, he was like, uh, he was like, he was like, cool one. I don't know if you David, you were a story. Yeah. He was third. Yeah. Melvin did the 97 98 99 USA. You competed with him 97 a day. 97 he was third. 98 he was second to Dennis in 99 he won. Yep. You know, so I was actually the one preparing Melvin for 2000 and oh, see for his brother, but you and I was there. He was training in my gym. You can see on the same video. John Brown is training Melvin like a mania. I was always, you know, two plates. Easy. About a barbarco or more of that stuff. And at that time, Melvin wanted me to go there and see. You know, he's posing because of course, I was checking, but I would always do a, you know, do respect to John Johnny's mentor. I was just there to maybe throw in some advice. And I don't know if you've seen it. I've told him to go for a skip you up. Uh, some of you to just find that all times when you turn around and all the stuff, which Melvin accepted it and he took many times. Since you told me that, I keep my stomach flat. He says he stole that. So I was driving a truck. He said he stole that to this day. Yeah. Yes. I mean, really. And that's what I would do. Hey, I said to everybody is missing right now. When you drive your car when you eat your dinner, keep your stomach flat because if you do this 24 hours a day, it becomes a second nature. You're not going to lose it on the stage. But let's go with this, something. Sean did come in that time. And of course, I've seen Sean and my gym. Look at Richard Jones or Flex Wheeler. He was looking at me. You know, 2000 and he would give some input. Input. Okay. What do you think? So I have to jump in and say this. Yeah, Sean would occasionally. Yeah. Look at the summary and say his opinion. Not teaching. Pollows. But it gives some input. So I can see that. Madam is very emotional about this because. John Brown is his mentor. John Brown is the one that each. All of us posing. Not Sean Ray. So I just want to clarify for that particular video. I'm a guilty one to send this footage to Sean. I'm not knowing what you guys had going. And then I'm going to put this in Instagram. Yeah. Very well. See, Melvin, do we have the back? I see your video. I'd see your muted though. Melvin, do you hear us on you yourself? Yeah. Yeah. I can hear you. Oh, my perfect. Can you hear me? Yeah. So you will just give his side to you. Can you hear me? Yeah. We'll also give some more background perspective as far as because I think a lot of people probably are wondering, okay, just as far as to what extent this Sean claimed that he helped you. I mean, we so he puts post that video. You know, again, to cite that he did help you. But before that, if you want to provide a little bit more context. Okay, so that that's about it. So that day he came in and tried to give some tips. And I take everybody's tips and I use what I can use. And whatever I can't use, I discard. So like I said in the beginning, you know, you're taking he's taking it to a whole other context. Talk about you show me how to pose and being a hate on a liar. Why do I have to hate you? Hate you about what? What do I hate? I did everything that you done, okay? Now does that take anything from Sean Ray? No, what he did on stage is what he did. What he accomplished is what he accomplished. The money he made in this sport. I don't hate on that. That's great. I wish he could have made more. Okay. That's the type of person I am. Everybody on this panel can tell you. I'm not that type of guy, but I will also tell you. I'm from the neighborhood. So you know, when you have disputes like that and you say things like that, you know, you saw me at John Brown's sons in F.L. Party. And I said to David the video, you had every opportunity to say that to my face. You know what I'm talking about? We could have discussed it. But you know, it's not about me being pissed or emotional. I'm on a set the record straight. He didn't show me shit. That was the only time he spoke to me about posing because that's like Star Wars. Everybody sees Star Wars. John Brown is the Jedi Master. Okay. Sean Ray's a Jedi. Okay. I'm a Jedi. But I became a Jedi master based upon how I evolved from what John taught me. So how am I going to sit there and listen to what you're saying? When I got to Jedi right behind you. And then you're going to turn around trying to edit it and try to make it seem like that show video you dummy. That's my video that I still sell to this day. Okay. I had Sean Ray on there because that Sean Ray. He's a Mr. Olympian. I'd be a dummy not to let the boy talk. But if you see my face, look at the video again. I'm looking at him like, well, if you don't sit down somewhere. Okay. I heard you're down. Sit down. Right? Come on out. It's not that serious. So I'm going to still be me. I'm still on my square. I am who I am. But you are who you were. You want to still be relevant in this fort by talking about me. I must be pretty important for you to still talk about me. You give what I'm talking about. So that's why I'm going in on them today. So you didn't show me how to pose John Brown bit. John Brown had influence and a lot of people's lives. Vince Taylor Victor Richards. Me, Lose me Chris Kormier. Ask him. He's all had influence. The Jedi has given information for you to use to be better. So how is that being a hater? How do I lie about my own video? Are you a dummy? So you're someone's wrong with your mind to think that you taught me something you gave it to him. That's not teaching me posing. I learned how to spin, how to create music, how to even pose and contract my fingers. My animation and my face. That's all John Brown. And I took it into another level and brought it into my own because that's what I was trained to do. The same intensity that I put in a gym. I put on a stage. And if I never met Sean Ray, I still was going to roll. I still was going to be a top six Mr Olympia. I still have three titles in my gym. Sean's got two. I have three. How dare you say you train me like that. You didn't teach me how to pose. That's that's false. That is the truth and the proof is in a pudding.