What's up, bodybuilding fans, Dave Palombo here with an RX muscle news update? Well, the Chicago Pro is out, guys, and Michael Lockett has the new men's open champion, narrowly defeating Sergio Leavocenia last year's New York Pro Champion. Lockett is one of these guys who's always been super dangerous. He's always in shape, because I've never seen him at a shape ever, and every show he seems to be coming back a little bigger, a little better, and that's a dangerous guy, because he's always standing right there. His one weakness is the fact that his legs are not that good. They're hard, but they're not that girthy from the front. They definitely, the one leg on the right side definitely has a problem, whether it's a knee, I think he has a knee problem or something like that. That's always seems to be his one like a killy seal, and a lot of times he gets past that, because he has so much density in his upper body, and every muscle group including his calves, his glutes, his hamstrings are so norley conditioned that sometimes the judges can just look past the fact that he has that one week leg. Now Sergio Leavocenia, the conditioning that he brought to New York Pro last year, was not here today. I don't think he had that level of tremendous shredded paper thin skin that he had last year. However, he definitely had a lot more size, which was every noticeable on stage. His legs are far superior to Michael Lockett's legs without it doubt. His posing is unconventional, but very charismatic and enticing, and you almost your eyes go to him. Lockett's a little bit more low key. He kind of just hits the shots, shows what he got, and that's it. It was a very close battle between those two guys, and they were called that alone, and the judges really, you could tell the judges to work these guys, and really wanted to see in their minds who was better. Even though the scorecards might have indicated that Lockett won unanimously, I have to feel it was very close on every judge's scorecard, because they were tough to judge, because they have different types of physics. Sergio obviously, the classic poses, like I said, the eye-inticing type stuff on stage, the flashiness, he has a lot of his father's posing skills, probably even better, and I think he's really coming to his own as far as presenting his physico's. While he might, like I said, he might not have been as hard as last year, he certainly was better than last year, I think, in the sense that he brought more completeness to his physique. Unfortunately, Lockett was just so damn hard that I think it was just too much, in the judges' minds, to give Sergio the win here, because of the fact that Lockett had a kiddishing out. Some judging panels overlook conditioning a little bit because of the completeness of the physique. I think that you have to admit that Sergio, a lever junior, was way more complete than Lockett because of the leg development. Sergio's got really good legs, with really good separation. Chris, does a tremendous job with Sergio bringing in that level of, I guess you could say, muscle separation that you don't see on a lot of guys, but Lockett is so hard in his own right that every direction in turns and you see nothing but senior remussel. So it was a tough decision for the judges, and you know what, you can't complain either way. Had Sergio won no one would have complained, had Lockett won as he did. I don't think I'm not going to complain. I don't think anyone would complain either. It was really that close, and that makes for a great show for the audience, with the spectators, and obviously for everyone looking at the pictures. And I think that Lockett is so hard. I've seen him in person. He doesn't really translate into photos. If anything, I think Sergio looks better in photos, sometimes he doesn't person. Although you have to really see imposing in person to really get a true, you kind of just get drawn into his physique. Once again, I want to congratulate both guys because it was a great battle, and I know Sergio was there in front of his hometown. I want to see a group in Chicago. So this was a nice home coming for him. The two-twelfth division was one by Craig Richardson. To me, this division was not that competitive. I didn't think this was the best Craig Richardson we'd seen. The funny thing is that when Craig said his best he'd ever get to the win, he comes in here. His condition can be a little better, and he still gets the win here because I think the lineup is just not that difficult. So congratulations, Craig. He's one of us. He's one of the old guard. It is the mid to late 40s there, and he's still getting it done every single time. He's going back to the Olympia, gradually. So Craig, probably one of the more exciting battles of the weekend in Chicago that was the classic physique battle that we saw between Wesley Vissers and Amit Roy, the Bengal Tiger as they call him. Amit's got a great story. Amit was a guy who came from India with a dream of becoming a professional bodybuilder. This was before classic Vizic was even around. He couldn't even, he wasn't a citizen of the United States. It couldn't compete for a pro-card here. He had basically nowhere to go. He was like a man without a country, so to speak. Then they formed classic Vizic. He went at marrying someone in the United States. He got citizenship. He turned pro with an North American championships. He's now just finished second here in Chicago, which is a tremendous feather. He was certainly without a doubt the most conditioned guy in the show. A lot of people felt to shoot a one, but let's get to why he didn't win. Wesley Vissers, I've interviewed him on our Ex-Muscle before. I did a little preview about his physique a couple weeks ago because I just think this guy is super talented. Let's face it. One word, one this for him, Arnold. He may be facely doesn't look as much like Arnold as some of my think, but his physique is like a clone of Arnold's physique. He's still in the beginning stages. He still has much more to develop. This is his protevute. He wins here tonight and a lot of people want to know why because he's not the most conditioned guy as his coloring wasn't really good and pretty judging. I'll tell you once again Arnold. He looks like Arnold. We all love Arnold. We all want to see Arnold back on stage again. He's Arnold incarnate. It's unbelievable. The look and shapes of his muscles and his waistline and his abs. Obviously, he's emulating Arnold's poses purposely and I would do the same thing if I had that kind of a physique. It works. Arnold is the ultimate classic physique. Let's face it. That's what his division was made after. He looks like Arnold. He's got better legs probably than Arnold had for sure. When he hits those classic Arnold poses, you just want to see the guy win. That's why he beats a mid is a lot shorter than him. Although more impressive, conditioning wise and coloring and polish wise, Wesley Vissers is a guy who these the judges see as a future of this division. One of the top guys will be vying for Olympia titles down the road. He made a lot of amateur mistakes. He had like I said, the coloring wasn't good. I think that if his coloring was better and he could have been a little drier maybe. His condition was pretty good. He just didn't come out on stage because when you're not as dark as the other guys there, you don't look as hard. Also, I think he could have been a little drier. When he hit those certain poses, if you see it statically, when he's in some of those manitories, I believe everyone else and they just go to this guy. He sticks out. When you stick out on stage in a good way, you win shows. That's just how it goes. Arnold's won shows that people thought he'd never shot a one. The 1980 Missile Olympia. You see him standing there. He doesn't look like anything. Then you watch him do his posing routine and you're like, fuck the guys the winner. It's because he has charisma on stage. That's what Wesley Vissers has. He has a lot of charisma. This guy is going to be a force to be reckoned with. I'm telling you down the road. For a long time to come, so many doesn't get injured or anything like that. Here's a guy who has a tool set that is super impressive. You want to see the guy do well. I think he's only getting better. He's going to learn from these mistakes he may. He's going to be at the Olympian now in September. We're going to see a guy come back with a lot more polish. He's going to perfect some of these poses. This is going to be a lot of guys cheering for him at this show. He's going to give these guys a run for their money because he's tall. He's imposing. And once again, tall and imposing is always great on stage when you have a complete physique because you just see more of the robot and that's what Arnold Visser great. When Arnold and Frank would pose on stage, you can make a case. Arnold, I mean Frank was more complete and had a lot more muscle than Arnold per square inch. Arnold beat him every single time and no one ever thought otherwise. So this is really impresses here. Congratulations to Mid on that second place. You know, you got the best story on stage. No one has a better overcoming the odd story than you do. Send the relis story all the way. Kevin Johnson in 30 is a true talent as well. Watch this guy in the future because he is very dangerous. Let's face it. The name of the, I guess you can say day here in Chicago was Michael Lockett winning the open, you know, defeating Sergio Leaver. Junior the biggest story of the night and of course the emergence of Wesley Vissers as a classic physique pro to keep your eye on come a limpia time for now I'm Dave Palombo. But then our our ax muscle news update.