I'm here with Mike Basel now, No Nito Dornaris, Strat the Condition Coach, as well as cut man. You're going to be in the corner this semester. Yes sir. This set will for Mar and I. You've adopted multiple jobs. How did you originally meet No Nito? So he came in. His wife is a black belt and tech window. In our gym, I'm a spirit of boxing gym, in San Carlos. We have Golden State Tech window. That's where she originally got her black belt from. Wow, black belt, huh? Yeah. So she's probably, yeah, more dangerous. So she's pretty tough and she, um, so he was, after her fight, he was coming here. They lived in San Mateo with her, her parents. So they were kind of, I think it only been married a year. So they've been, they were, and she was looking for a ring to do an interview in a backdrop. Oh, I was like a setting. So she knew that Brian's, Jim, she's like, well, I think Brian's in has a ring. Let me call him state. So that's what happened. They came there and did an interview. It was supposed to be me and Brian waited all day. It was supposed to be like, you know, an hour, ended up being like four hours. They were there well into the afternoon. So after that, we started talking, you know, he was, you know, he introduced himself to all of us and, you know, we were talking about, uh, pack out, I just beaten Dale Hoya. So that was a big thing because he went to that 147. It was the biggest weight he was in. And that was a toughest guy, the highway. So he, no need, it was like, you know, I want to do that. It's my goal. It's the move up in weight, and he knew up in weight, and he knew the training people. And he just said, you know, I've never done any, I said, well, what kind of strength do you do now? And he goes, I don't do anything. I'm just a whole school box. I hit the bags, I settle box, I spar, I run. And I do it every day. And I do it as hard as I can every day. And you knew right off the bat for this guy is untapped potential. But untapped potential because I had seen him fight. I had seen him fight, uh, Victor Chini on HBO. I had no who he was. Mm-hmm. But I heard about Victor Chini and we were to sit in that homewatch in this showtime thing. And all of a sudden, this kid is like, well, this guy could move. He's not just some opponent that's guy. I think Victor Chini and thought he was just an opponent. Sure. But this kid came in and he was, uh, he, he knocked him out with one shot. One punch. But he had set that punch up even before in the other, uh, subsequent rounds. They could got him in the fifth round. But it was, uh, so right away I was like, man, he's so mighty watch. Right. He's a kid to watch. So then we ended up meeting him at the gym and then I made two and two together. Right. Now, once you started working with him, what, what did you focus most in? What, what do you think that was your major contribution to him in terms of stratified initially? Most of it was my, in the beginning. Well, over the lat, we've been together six fights, over that has been, mostly it's like the core condition, um, you know, the fighters have two sit ups. Yeah. His old trainer called him, uh, natural sit ups. So I do a lot of core work. That's mainly, uh, what I contributed to is strength training, um, as well as, uh, agility work on ladder. Use kind of agility ladder and some plyometric stuff to build some explosiveness in his legs. That seems to be the key for the boxes explosive. I mean, a lot of people don't realize it. I think it's all hands. They think it's all hands, but it is legs. It's core work. It's been able to, to change level of user hips. I imagine when you hit in the body shots, if you're stronger here, you can absorb more of that punishment. Exactly. Well, we worked about two weeks together. And I did some pretty crazy stuff. But I was very cool with them because he had, he didn't even know he's a very adaptable person. He's a very adaptable to anything you try. I mean, if you get him in the gym body building, this kid will probably move out. It will blow up. It will blow up. It's the weirdest body I've ever seen. Right. And so you two weeks into the training might mainly focus on an abs plyometric, some, you know, jumping drills for explosiveness and some agility work. Things that would transition into the ring. He goes best. A shadow box. And he's going best. I get it. And I go, what are you talking about? He goes, I get it. I get what we've been doing. I totally get it. Everything, every move I make, everything I do, I'm using my center, I'm using my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my center. And the, but for the very first time, I'm aware of that. Hmm. And then when he would spar, he would be able to take blows up absorb it, not feeling it. The way he felt body punches before. Right. I mean, a well-placed body shot will hurt anyone. Sure. But these guys, these fighters train themselves to not show that, right? But he, for the first time, he was like, I understand what you're doing. You're my guy. I got you. And he talks very highly of you. And you'll be in the corner. Yes. Cut man. Yes. Hold on. You're going to walk them. Jack little chance. We don't want you to fix any cuts. That ain't it. I don't want that job. Do you like working in the corner? You actually like being there with him? He, I love it. I love it. And I had done it before in amateur boxing and we'd work some MMA fights with Brian at the gym. We'd had some guys fight professionally. And it's with amateur's. But at this level, never had worked. And no need to always giving me this opportunity. I'm a huge boxing fan. As well as he is, too. And he's given me this opportunity, this chance of a lifetime to work with all these people like, watch for years.