Welcome back to Heavy Muscle Radio. I'm Dave Fullumbo and I'm joined by my two compatriots in crime as always John Romano and Chris Estito and it is July 18th, 2021 and we're actually recording late at night during haven't done it a while because Chris has to go for anything tomorrow. What's that all about, Chris? Well, wait, wait, I wonder for so why you have to go? Because you've got to be working like you like me, you know, you can have to go. You have obligations that you have to do as a husband or father and that's one of them. They want to go camping. So I said okay well, you know I do that. Oh you know I got a better idea. Why don't we go over it to hotel? You know in a rural area, you know where it's like. This is going to the woods and play but at least you can sleep at the bottom. Right in your area and you get a coffee pot and they refrigerate or microwave and hot water. You know I asked my dad when I was a kid if we can go camping once because my friends would go in camping because I do serious. I'm a kid. He's a new serious. We have a house Dave. He must have said just like the video we can out of the house. My first of my father would never my father had no mechanical inclinations once. That's like me. He would never be able to even set the tent up. I don't know. I don't know how to set it. How big of a tent do you guys have? Well we have two. We have a full person and a two person. The mommy and daddy tent and the gentleman's tent. Yeah. I have two visions that I had. One is like these little pup tents where you're barely fit in the tent. If you're feet are sticking out, you see like John can't even go in camping or something like that when one of those movies. And then the other one I envision is like you know these you obviously these are rabian like kings they have these humongous tents that they see. It looks like the inside of a house. Right. That includes furniture in and hanging. It's a ladder. I can call our friend in the middle east there. Chris has him send over some supplies to you. I can I can hack one of those. You know this is the one with the bodice that come in. You know the ones that don't protect you from the bears that are outside. Oh yeah you're in Maine too you need air traffic. We show over the bridge. The bugs there. Yeah I'm more concerned about the ticks than I am the bears. Yeah lime disease right? Well just all the diseases that takes spring and it was the point is what the ticks is. Dave 30 years ago. A 40 years ago whatever it was when I was a kid you'd hear like rarely like I saw a tick. Now on a windy day I'll you know my kids go to like track meets like in a rural area. And on a windy day they blow around. They blow around. Yeah they're everywhere. Wow not all ticks carry in disease but most ticks too. Now who's idea was it to go camping your wife you kids? No one's it was my friends who they live in Hawaii and they came if you want to really laugh four years ago and they convinced us to go camping. So we went we went out and bought all the couturements that you need to go to live out the woods and just the comedian would say to take two days of vacation and throw them away. And and we so we have all the tents all the equipment is a cooking you test a lot of that. You built it. No we've never used them. Says we bought them four years ago when camping our same friends from Hawaii came back and they said let's go camping and so they came back and we disengue with us tonight and they said let's listen because camping we said oh yeah four years ago or in this case five years right John we missed it. I was trying to Dave I was trying to like moldy bread and bagels and the house to try to like. Yeah that my sum legitimately pumped out. You know what I mean? I understand the tent thing to me. We'll tell six is just fine. I mean that's that's as far as camping you need to go. I mean it's got a roof you know if you look at somebody's campers they show up with the campsite so we've done with the transformer side. Great go out like that and then you have a lot more to live you want a big screen TV's and shit. Yeah you don't have a way. That's what I would love you because look up the window and see the one from front is the one camping at that point you might just stay home. That's why I'm saying motel six is camping but if you're gonna have this this transformer coach with a big screen TV big screen TV. Yeah with the features sub zero refrigerator. Yeah I'm gonna get out there and say I wouldn't say I'm gonna get out there and say I wouldn't it to think of go with eats can they just can they deliver me it's the campsite them with real smoke or really remote campsite or is this like like like a like a popular like really it's fairly remote it's in a bar rubber like east of our armor west of South it's never armor it's not a armor because it was bar armor it'd be you know glam climbing where they got a glam glamorous camping glamping yeah don't subscribing describing not camping you're describing john glamping. That can be just glamorous yeah that comedians right there you're gonna go out kind of vacation like you want it like go someplace relaxing like you know camping is not really that relaxing because of the bug issue and the heat it's like uncomfortable almost so even though it's kind of like you know it makes you kind of forces you to get to nature and lots of I understand that whole aspect of it and I know for kids they like if they want to roast the marshmallows but at the like you know like like 20 minutes to do in that it's like all right well you know what are we gonna do now you know yeah I didn't a candle when it box of smores and then good for you to light a fire in the backyard log and yeah you know I had to go camping also recently and we went to this campsite and that's where I first saw those transformer coaches with the with the sides that come out in the big screens and you know they bring a they bring like a thing that they put in the ground in front of the campsite and it's got their name you know like a mailbox and it would it with a little flag for where they're from or wherever you know it's gonna do that they may plug into something what are they doing run generators what are they doing yeah they got they got a box and they got a plug that goes in they got a sewer hook up and they got but some people go intense some people go in those coaches some people go like these other pop up things you go in a tent Chris where you go to the bathroom you gotta go in the woods well you take a you rifle and you you gotta get you all the woods no the night because you don't want to uh maybe black bed to get you no you don't you can keep every two seconds with the problem you ask you ask for uh they camp site closest to the like the bathrooms and showers yeah I was wondering we had a cabin when I went so that was technically a tent air condition no it was not it had a fan but night and I had no water it was no bathroom either so you haven't got to have to the thing so you know it's too clocking in morning I gotta get a pimple walking over the fucking thing so I just open the door and he had some real it's right it's gonna walk over there to pee didn't see any big puts it yeah no but I gotta say I know and I couldn't have empathy for Chris where he's going and the freaking up there where he lives bears you mentioned bears they got what does that well I think I think they got him what boards and shit they got to have a young knees and a coyote other kind of monster listen flames above the the bug the rainwater the bug what is there any bear I got you said have you ever gotten sprayed by yes I have never been stunned by a beep but I sprayed by a scum coin also kid I was driving I was riding my bicycle down in hill and I saw the scum get the base of the hill and like literally like when you have a you know you walk left and you walk into someone they walk left and right you try to like hesitate that's what you've been spunky that ran right over and then and then I I my I didn't smell as weird I I wiped on I bang my head I didn't smell the smell but my friends told me I get stunk and I didn't believe it because I hit my head I went over to his house and his mother washed me down with vinegar and tomato juice in the dry paint like three hours three hours yeah you would you one bottle of tomato juice after another or be a headless with vinegar when I heard that tomato juice is the only thing that gets it out you know they have a plant that smells like that is called skunk cabbage yes you grow in New York you know by the swamps what it's not like the real thing yeah I've ever been driving up state in New York you do you just thought smelling the skunk smell you know you're up in New York yeah that was like a tent real I don't smell skunk around here the where I live although I've seen a couple but I don't know yeah kind of parkway to get hit by the freaking hit by a car and then you come around and turn and you stay there damn damn well when I was in junior high my father pulled the yor father that's what I call that we we we were getting skunk stink every night in the hall and the house right so eventually my father figured out that he wouldn't look down to the front porch and there was a nest oh boy and at three in the morning he got sprayed to death he went out there he took the nest he put it in the middle of the driveway the charcoal light of fluid from those in burnt the top of the yard do stood to death and let it and the fire department came and he was standing the ass screaming at the top of his lungs when they told me he couldn't burn it down good if you go to jail now for the same oh yeah absolutely they were the neighbors would turn a minute to you know they called the the Nazi police to come you know but let's let's talk a little body building here uh I hate when we have to report terrible news but you know you have to honor these people that pass but we lost two people actually in the industry actually I think we lost one two people but um obviously the most well known would be uh two time figure Olympia champ Jenny Lynn who pass supposedly a misseasier she was in bed supposedly with her husband and she had a seizure and he tried to revive her and didn't didn't happen I had an interview I thought I interviewed her a year ago but it was about two and a half years ago I interviewed Jenny as a kind of an update you know she's to work for our muscle she's to do a radio show uh uh uh yeah when we first started the site with a delegate our c.m. and you know she was like a likable person you know she was she I think she one almost more figure titles than anyone else in the industry and then she retired at some point and she's been coaching people so I don't really know what happened it's terrible when you hear about these things you know usually we're talking about guys and everyone's like star or star or sort you know now you hear about you know you know you know relative a young woman about 50 years old you know dying obviously she took care of herself you know shocking really I mean you guys have any insights in it I actually was I don't know man was so like this happens is I got to look at it from all all angles you know just I mean she from what the news is is that she was fell asleep and then had a and and had a seizure and a sleeping never woke up right yeah okay so now if you go to her Facebook page you look and you look in the last you know weeks of June she's posted all these song like four songs back to back to back these country titles uh you know the the man cheating on the woman and I'll really you know you know tough times to get through shit and you know woman hating you know country singing women's shit and I mean back to back to back same theme you know and then boom the next week she's you know the out of a sea I mean I don't know read anything into this but I'm saying it's just seems kind of weird that it would be posted was more of a kind of upset pissed you know jolted you know music on Facebook page and then the next week you're dead with with this insanely mysterious sudden I mean was she healthy was she sick was she had for family history of this it's just kind of strange you know that you just someone who just dial like that and a healthy you know person I would imagine it's probably going to be a autopsy when do you think you would have you I would think it I think it depends on the state that you're in with the actual law is but generally speaking when someone is dies of especially young person dies of you know an odd cause or not you know a disease in the hospital they do an autopsy you know so you know what you said what you said did you complain about anything I don't think so I don't have to how was she there in the interview oh she was silent during but I was like two and a half years ago so I don't know I mean I knew a guy reached out to me and he said he talked to her once a month and that she was doing fine as far as you know but you know you know who knows you know yeah most people when they say they talk to someone it means they text with someone and you know it's hard to find out if someone's got any kind of issues going on when you're texting with them so it's just it's really sad you know I remember when she was competing and winning the Olympia is and she was beating if you remember Monica Brandt that's when Monica was there for her powers and you know Monica probably could have won a couple of those Olympias in there and there was some politics involved but they were battling an altitude and they were like the best in the world I mean I mean you look back at the physique this is what figure was really all about back then and now it looks like you know bodybuilding but that's really I mean they would be the best in the best at that time so it's crazy I mean you never know when you time's up really that's sort of an amounts to and I think we'll have to really you know we say it over and over but you know every time I hear about another death of John and then because I know you guys can comment on this it almost makes me like I feel like I'm playing dodgeball and you know how like when you're playing dodgeball and someone gets hit in their out you know and you're like before you're looking around you there's only you and one other guy left the volleyball court you know I feel like that's what's happening I mean it's kind of the area of the sense it's it's funny they've looking at that picture because you look at a picture you say what a killer physique killer body yeah and how the division is morphed so far from that yeah you know it's it's you know makes me wonder like is it the bodybuilding or the bodybuilder is it the quote athletes who are morphing it that way or is it you know the judging panel that's rewarding different looking for these and morphing it that way I would say it's a ladder because you know I remember when we would sit in the judging class because the control the control is not with the athlete it's with the you know the judge or the judge or the judge. Yeah I remember we would sit in this judging panel and you guys probably remember and and we would be looking at the girls and I'd be critiquing every single person on stage and we'd be saying what do you think about this one is and we would say oh she's too must do it she's not gonna do well and we would always be right they would do the call out to the must still grow would be the last call out yeah the biggest girl with the you know the freakiest looking girl is is the winner you know so you're doing it so it's not only time it's what they always do but why did they like this get away they had it that's the point I'm trying to make it yes you know I mean if you're at the whole point in creating a division does to create a look and then you you know you can't control the look what is the whole point in control you know starting the division in the first place it's like starting wellness and and then saying you know we like the quote you know big behind but we're looking for total strider glutes the next four years and that probably will be what happens but but that's wellness but figure was always something that they had ramed in really well to keep a clear distinction between figure and body building and yeah and then they created even they created women's physique which should really give them the chance to kind of reboot figure and bring it backwards a little bit um I remember when Heather D's was you know it was at the top of her game you know and and then can't escape and now these girls you know Heather has trouble you know she's still in the top vibe but she's not you know she had to put a lot more size on to that you know the only division that's held it together with respect to how they've been able to maintain a certain physique throughout the years has been fitness and and and that's because they were lie so heavily on their ability to do things oh fitness yeah so that kind of limits them right there and and their physique's have been pretty much yeah I don't know if you've seen gigantic sways in the physics no so what they should have done is women's physique should have been run like men's physique it should have been a weight limit per height so that would have kept them in check figure should have been capital what the standard was before which you know which was it was an achievable look you know I think I mean I'm trying to think if it was a good example of like I mean Jenny was a good example but I mean you could look even to people after her were really good um to that you know you can say okay can't as keen was really good Nicole Wilkins probably should have been the the the standard that they stuck to I think you know you got the way after her when she was that's when they got got carried away you know there's nothing wrong with the looks of being presented now but a great great great for me yes but phenomenal outrageous but you crowd out you know the the the the class for which the look was you know for that look that it was originally designed for which is a whole another you missing a whole another competitive group of people who want to look like that picture that you just put up which is a killer beach body period I mean that is not what what what muscle yeah well you know a day we laugh we say it with muscle but you know 30 years ago that would be remarkably muscular here but for most people who joined a gym for females that's not quote to muscular at all but it's it's a it's a look to aspire to it's still a competitive look right we're right we're just like missing out on a division that's like you don't see that physique there anymore and never will which is too bad because it's an attractive physique yeah even if we even bikini is more muscular than that no yeah maybe in some degree I think that if you think about it I think women's physique I mean the the figure girls that had those amazing physique that we love to look at because they're so because we like muscle what's they said those are the girls that should have gone to women's physique and that's where the what physique was designed for right for those girls to go there and pose because they have physique those top figure competitors can absolutely do women's physique at least the the way it was originally intended you know not maybe not now because now it's like bodybuilding but um and they lost control but maybe they'll rate it back in who knows but the bottom line is we you know we send our prayers and condolences at the Jennyman's family of course I want to also bring up another death in the industry unfortunately there was a wellness competitor I don't think any of us really knew she was we don't follow well to sound much but here's her on Instagram she's 152 thousand followers O'Dollis Santos Menna and great physique you know great wellness look to her and she went in and had some procedure done where they remove your sweat glands have you ever heard of this I didn't even know the dentist yeah what I don't even know what it's called but but the thing is the way that was reported was so sloppy first of all the death was attributed from what I can tell to the anesthesia not the preseneut the heat procedure the the proceed it's a heat it's a heat kind of you know like the opposite of the the cool the cool sculpting you know it's like a heat thing that surprised the sweat glands people people who sweat profusely and that's the procedure she wanted to have done and they're making it sound like it was that procedure that caused her death and wasn't and nothing to do with it she died from the complication some complication from an unlicensed anesthesiologist are you serious unlicensed yeah that's right we're not a maxio John yeah Guadalajara happened to know the place they're talking about well it's still funny it's skin pail or pail skin and pail pail is spanish for skin so it's technically skin skin it's kind of funny to think to out of all the all the medical procedures that you want to make sure someone's licensed but the anesthesiologist. After the dandishane girlfriend incident with the calf and plant an alusina like she think no one would ever do another crazy thing it like that again but that's not a crazy thing that's the thing the sweat gland procedures not a crazy thing at all it's a very simple common procedure so for for that problem what's that wasn't so common for her obviously like I said it it wasn't that procedure it was the anesthesiologist they maybe she should have had it done in the United States instead of in uh that was be the case you think ever border crisis now what what what what did he start coming over to get get fixed it's a it's a she was young to a 24 yeah yeah so I mean just I mean right in the prime of her life I mean this is terrible terrible and you know they're trying to say the steroids had some kind of interaction with the right you get that interaction with the one always like to throw the steroids you know that's the only article I said you've last week about somebody did somebody died or something and they said he was taking nutritional supplements oh yeah yeah I don't know you think I remember I can't remember what I did yesterday I know that that's terrible why she was you know but you know what I got to say this though in Central America and Mexico South America yeah these women are fucking nuts the shit they do to themselves is just insane I mean I read articles in Mexico all the time in the Mexican newspaper about these women this one of them got sent to prison for 30 years for injecting motor oil into people industrial silicone glue all kinds of shit they inject in their ass and their face and their lips and their in their legs they're nuts and they have no a clump function about what sort of their parties and they come over and somebody brings the stuff and they're jabbing it all in it's like it's like it's it's it's fucking nuts and Latin women God love them they have this thing that they gotta be whatever womanhood has to come out of them extra hard so regular women are like you know eight nine you know they're 12 15 you know on a scale of one to 10 and it's always gotta be I have never in the all the years I lived in Mexico I never once saw a Mexican girl leave the house like in a pair of sweats and no makeup they go across the street to mail a letter it's fucking sunglasses out said shoes you know I'm telling you never you know ever see a Latin girl on the never sweat glands are there for a reason okay just just anyone else out there has any cookie ideas I'm doing this stuff they're there for a reason okay they get rid of waste okay don't try to remove something that doesn't eat well well wait wait wait wait wait a reason she was going that some people profusely I know that's what Anthony the Anthony perspiration for I don't I don't know there's I've never seen anybody with that condition now I'd a guy in my gym that had it and this guy would just drip he'll think he got out of the shower all the time that that's what he was that was drinks his hair was wet your shook hands when it was like grab a thing yeah you can't fix it when you sweat everywhere she was just doing her underarms on the swimming right yeah well because that's the worst part you know you're there at your clothes and all that shit with that you know you have that usually is controllable because that you can put an Anthony perspiration on you know but hey you're talking about women who get their lips on their chin on your eyebrows right now that's not the best billers you you can make a list of 20 freaking things and you go open the freaking cloud cloud cabin underneath your wife's sink and look at the freaking array of goop under there and they all got it they every Christmas tree years does too they all do don't they I mean bottles and tubes and you can't identify the shit someone's in front of another countries and you know it's just they got this is what happens they get so wrapped up and involved with their vanity that they will procedure like she's not the first girl who has died by virtue of of vanity procedure that girls die all the time I'm sure guys I too but you know more women have in plastic surgery type of procedures being done obviously all right let you know all this death is getting me the bandwidth I got I got to just live in us up before we start the talking about some context coverage so when he pulled us I went one of our one of my guys sent me this he made it you guys all like this let me see but got it here oh my god this was before you sent me yeah I think you got Mr. G in a background with the thing that would give you a mask. You're a normal mask, right? It's the entire John. I was telling Dave. But Chris came to the question. That's the, that's the, that's the, that's the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, Mr Bobby or Mr. G, I could, they were trading off. One was, what was it, one was what? Diana Trump or something like that. Oh, wait no, maybe that's been him in the white behind him and he was, he was a whole cog in wasn't one, he wasn't he whole cog in and the other one was. It was probably Bobby smalls was Arnold. Yeah. Yeah. That's how it was. I thought it looks like Mr. G behind him in the white shirt. I'm happy that you had a move like that. I don't know the guys are genius. You guys can hear that noise, right? The music, right? Come on, Chris, you got to love that. I was expecting when Dave said that sweet that there was a different dot, you know, that we say something different. No, we don't create a virus, you know. Wait, who made this? We got to talk to him. We got to give him some direction. We got to get him connected with the other guy who does the sound by its press, right? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I love, we have the most creative audience. We have gotten sent the most amazing things over the years that people make for it. It's just incredible. I don't know how to do a great job of that. Yep. Thank you. All right, let's, I wanted to mention the, there was the Portugal Pro this week and took place in Porto. A storey Portugal. Could it actually take place in Portugal? Because you know, you got the Chicago and land to it. I know. I'm surprised. I'm surprised. I think Portugal's the only country not locked down. I'm just a little bit too sure. It's a good day. Yeah, they did. Yeah, I'm saying, there are a lot of people in Europe can't find a place to compete because they're so locked down. You know, the Europeans are like, you're a struggling. They'll lock that place down in three seconds. As soon as like one case pops up in a deli somewhere. And, you know, they're like, up, lock down the country, you know, locked down the country. I feel bad for the bodybuilders there because they're really strict there. You know, here they locked down here and no one listens to them, no one cares. But they're, they arrest you, you know. I feel bad for the deli owner. He's the guy getting hurt. So it's the next time they want to do a lock down, they should lock down like the big chains, like Walmart and Target and all these other chains that are making all this money when they're locking down and just keep the small businesses open. And maybe that would help people, you know, the economy come back, you know. And the narrative goes out the window. Can't do that. Of course not. Of course not. No. Who, what were you just saying, Chris about, oh, I, oh, you know, who? Oh, another terrible story. Bill Phillips has got COVID for the second time is on a ventilator. What? Yeah. Bill Phillips of the AAS and, you know, muscle media? No shit. Yeah, I should, I should, I should get where that clip is. The ventilator is no good, man. That's from bad side. No, it's, and this is the second time getting it. So so much for immunity then, huh? Yeah, you know, with this new Delta variant now supposedly. What do you think about all this? Cry, no, Chris, you had you a very vocal about that one. I think it's, you, you said the picture and I said it's, it's a little challenging to have sympathy. And what do you say that? Because he could have been vaccinated, but God forbid, you, you know, he had to weigh out possibly the, the intrusion of that versus death. No. I mean, that's what it is. And when you're unvaccinated, of course, that's what vaccines do. They look for the weakest host to jump to it, right? Recreate themselves, the variant on any, any virus. That is a, is immune to treatment or is immune to your immune system. Right. So by definition, the immune system is an immune system. It's supposed to fight viruses, but at the same time, viruses love immune system so that they can replicate becomes stronger. True. Mm-hmm. There's Bill and his wife Maria, she posted, thanking everyone for all the prayers and everything like that and that he's stable. He's still on the vet. He's on a low bench now as opposed to, I guess, a high pressure bench. So the pressure ones are bad. Yeah. Yeah. So I, like, I hope he pulls out, you know, the guy, the guy, the, you should, you should post the picture because it might scare someone to, you know, become a, look, become a wilt, liberal idiot and get a vaccination. I'm trying to find the picture that I'm saying. No, it's horrible. The picture's horrible. Right. Absolutely. I cannot believe it was posted because it's just so terrible. But I've heard of people to say that, you know, if you wanted to, she wanted to, she wanted, she posted it and she wanted people to see the level of suffering that he was in and how close he is to not make in it so that her message is now, well, we should go to vaccine. Yeah. That's probably the message. But you know, it's funny because it's the map. That is the message. That's just, yeah. That's why I said you can post it. I wanted to find, I wanted to find, I wanted to why she didn't say that in the post. You were thinking about that. I can send it to you. She did. I'll send it to you. She said she did. She said, yes. She says, you know, she makes a point that, you know what? She's maybe we should have been vaccinated. Oh, okay. She did a better job. People, please. The thing about Bill is that Bill was a guy who was always like impeccable about the way to eat and the supplementation he takes. I mean, if you, they didn't want to out there, it'd rather read muscle maybe 2000. I mean, the guy did. There's the, there's the text. She starts off with, please get vaccinated. Yeah, I'm looking on her Facebook to see where she posted. I don't see it. I know. She probably took it down. Just pulled a question about it. Yeah, maybe. The possible. How did you recommend people get? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. You know, when you see someone like Bill Phillips go down, I mean like I said, because of the fact that he does take such great care of himself and he's a guy that was always into supplements and eating right and being healthy and working out, it scares you. It can scare you because that means it can hit you can affect anyone, you know, real. If you think about it. Anyway, we'll send that some well wishes to Bill and hopefully recover fully. And we'll get him on the TV show if he ever decides to. He's a tough guy to get. I've got, I've had Sean on his brother, Sean Phillips is a great, by the way, he's a great interview. Sean, you know, he knew everything that went on. He told me the full story of the Holy A.S. story, but I'd love to get Bill on to get his take on the whole thing. I mean, because that was, I had reached out to him to get him on our show. He agreed. He was happy to do it and then he just, you know, disappeared. Yeah, he's a little anti-social, I think in that sense. But he, he really influenced me. I mean, his business model of the time, which was to build a start of magazine, educate the public and then start a supplement line and mark it the line through the magazine because of the education you're giving people. I mean, that's what I, we really did. That's what I did at least with the arts, muscle and and species nutrition because they kind of, you know, work together. It's a machine, educate people. You give free information out there to people. Let them understand what the science of things are and then let them make their own decisions based on, you know, a high quality product line that you put out. And then, you know, I've talked to Rich, Rich, to Spare about that. And that's what Richie's always done to it. I mean, he literally said, look, you know, I, I used, I want to use the best stuff when I was competing. So I made the best stuff, you know. And so we all kind of copied Bill Phillips in this sense. And if it wasn't for Bill Phillips, there would be no Scott Connelly. People don't realize metrics was, was successful because Bill Phillips launched it first. And he's going to put it in his platform more. Well, Bill's field copy Joe to a large extent too because the original magazine of course was also a fitness that had radically a diet from fortune, but it had all the ads and it would Joe's ads for some of us, but it had, you know, training in nutrition advice. The difference though is that Joe didn't sell you, you know, he, he, he, he bamboozled you with the, with the, with the commentary on the editorial in there. But what Bill said was, these other magazines are, are a full of crap. That this is, this is crap. And this is good stuff. We're not going to take the ads from the crap. We're only going to take ads from people who actually test their products and work with us. Bill was the 100% same as Joe. The difference is that his stick was he talked about steroids, had the balls to with Joe would never write. But I'm dead and it built, and it built ripped off a lot of stuff that. Well, that Dan to Shane, you know, well, they weren't cool. I mean, I really like that. And he had the water down version of Dan to Shane. So the excitement was that you could get a magazine that would talk about French and Aminos and by protein and by the way, you know, I, you know, sell those products too and it's called the AS. But let me tell you, let me have General Model breakdown for you, or someone Dan to Shane breakdown to you, the difference between Deca and Dan General. Well, I'm just saying you can't put down. He, that's true. That's true. He definitely did do that. But what, what are the biggest things that he did that really made a huge departure in what he was doing versus everybody else was when he wrote the supplement guide. Remember that? Yes. He talked about everybody, you know, and it was a big piece of work. I mean, it was not a hodgepodge. That was a very well researched good book, you know, and he, you know, he put himself out there just like everybody else, you know. So it was, it was very, for those who are very fair, you know, he sold other people's products initially. Because remember, you know, he sold AST research as a federal, a dimedidine rather, you remember he sold an ultimate orange from Dan to Shane. Yeah, the designer protein was not his. That was next next nutrition. I think it was called, that was the first way protein that I know. I mean, the market even though black men swear as that he was first to mark it up. I think it was first to mark it with, you know, every orange juice. Yeah. I'm sure black men hated that that that bill was so successful. Because that really where black men wanted to do was very similar to what they did. I mean, it was building. What was more successful for? Metrics or yes, because they were both like black monsters. Well, he finally had a buy in that a metrics because he owned 50% that was their deal. So I don't know what he made on that. But when he sold EAS, they made like 350 million. So I'm assuming EAS was a better payoff payday rather. Yeah. But they didn't day by didn't bill originally by EAS from Anthony Almada. John or a model was one of the partners originally and then got a new one in the Or did he bought it from a more bought amount or something? He was involved in some way. But it was, it was, it was that little core of them that spun off metrics. And then later EAS. And then that was a man. You want to talk about a turning point in industry? I don't know. That was it right there. Yeah. And why John? That that was, well, supplemented. I mean, it became the thing. I mean, it was broke way out of the gym and broke out of everywhere. It was supplements. And there were so many different ones you could take to did all of these different things. And they, they all would tell you which one I mean, I believe them because I was a science guy. But Bill would tell you which ones were bullshit and which ones actually did something and show you the science of it. And that's, that's what impressed me. And that's what really what I try to follow in his footsteps and the sense of saying, hey, you know what? Yeah, this stuff sells good, but it's bullshit. It doesn't do anything. You know, Connelly was the same way he hated bullshit supplements. But he, the stuff that works, you know, if he, you know, if there was science behind it, he was 100% in favor of it, obviously. Because I mean, just for the first time in the history of our supplement industry, putting together proteins in a logical way. In other words, using, you know, different sources of protein, which is what metrics was egg protein and egg all-beam and way and, you know, casing in such a way so that the protein was like a time release type of effect on it. And, you know, no one had ever done that before. It was always like, basically powdered skin milk with sugar. I mean, let's face it. That's what all the, the, the weater products were. And anyone else who had anything else, which was really not that many, I think GNC had their own brand. If you remember, we were like, egg and milk protein. Right. It would destroy your stomach. You know, when you can mix, but that was the turning point. Chris was, yeah, science based products. Science, back products backed by science. But basically that was, and that, and before that, what, what products were backed by science before that? I mean, ever, no, you're done with those creatinists studies. Yeah. Yeah. He had a bag of, he told me had a bag of creatiners desk for like six months before even did anything with it. Blackman, Blackman, Carl, under the desk, and found that that's why he mixed him first to market my good stuff. You know, what do you go with that little maniacs? He has to say, I would, that they were first to market with. And then, and he would get so blown out of shape when you know, I'm not a definitely had it first, we know. Oh, I know, like, like, well, even films would say in the mags, you know, Steve Blackman likes to say he came out with a first. The fact of the matter is, you know, and you get the proof right there, the Blackman still say, yeah, it's way in with first to market. Yeah. I think you know, it was Steve read a book about about creatiners probably like before anyone did. And he just didn't think to actually make it into a supplement or that he could be made into a supplement. So in his mind, he was first because he probably spot it first. You know, he had it is one of those giant piles of paper in the conference room somewhere. But that's what made it up because there was twin lab competing with, with, with tonnily competing with, with Phillips. And then we knew it was just still trucking along with his, the same crafty. He had out, but people bought it because he had Lehanie and, and Leela Brata and all those and dispari, isn't it? And of course, people are going to use it because of that, right? So the victory line. Yeah. Yeah. That's pretty nice. Very demanding and all those guys. And now, how did, you know, it's really funny is that the victory, the victory thing was, was Sergio Aliva. Yeah. I know. Sergio Jr. has a, has a clothing company called Victory Clothing. Yeah. It's not a, we don't know. It was the first, it was the first to market. Yeah. They had his based on Robbie Robbins's body and he had a, you know, name. You know, that is, for all we robbing his body, I just had, I need to stole Sergio's name or his company. Right? Joe, but you, Joe is smart. Yeah. And then Joe stole freaking my little crootons original, you know, charismatic, you know, progressive low overload system, you know, because my, well, because my little of crooton six hundred thousand years ago, he's throw a cow over his shoulder. A calf and walk up the hills and then as the calf grew, we got heavy, he got big on the stronger. And that, that, he was the first bodybuilder. And of course, you know, progressive overload. And then Joe took that. Oh, no, Joe was very sensitive to the like the way to training prints of course. Yeah, as like being like legitimately. Yeah. So like, you know, I, I do, let me in David John, try and we do, you know, bench press, then we jump off and do cable crossover, immediately. You know, super, so to something. It's it. He's after branded by saying it's a we just a percent president. Yeah, we're in a president. We're in a pre-exhaustian principle. He invented it. Yeah. All right. I was at blackman would have, we're, we're a rule that the empire, if you would have just put his face his head on high greens body. But he, he blowing. It was, it was what it really was was blackman, because Joe was the trainer of champions. Right. And Joe had access. Joe, Joe could rub oil on Lee Haney, you know, and, and that would drive the black me. Okay, because he wanted a rub oil on Lee Haney. All right. So. And so the tune of many millions of dollars later, he's still didn't get the chance. But. But that's what he wanted. He wanted to be the trainer of champions. So it was like, so that was weren't a whole, you know, because Joe would go to the photo shoot and Joe was active and involved, you know, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like some NFL owners, John, one of all the team except, and they, you know, the sky box, right? Because every team, you have to be on the side line. And other people, they want to get on the side, sign lines, and they want to be able to, like, you know, put your head in on the hot oil with, you know, yeah, yeah, all of them. Let me see what you guys are doing. That's fine. They want to be like totally involved. Yeah. But let's see, but Joe, Joe, you never got the home of I'm from Joe. And even though he published kind of like, home of magazines, to write, to degree back in a day, you never got that five from him ever, never. And and black men, it's just, you got five from, from black men, John. What's that? I said, you got that, you got that five from, don't see. You did? You just kidding. You showed the ropes and the rest went alone. Now I can't, you know better than that. You know better than that. It was a creepy, it was a creepy, it was a creepy, it was a creepy, it was a creepy. But he's kind of like a peculiar looking guy anyway, you know what I mean? So of course, you know, you know, I guess you got to be eccentric to be successful, you know, in the magazine industry. It seems like every magazine owner is very unusual, like you never noticed that. Very, very, even when we met with that guy Stanley Harris. You know, Benlik was kind of normal. Stan, yes. He was normal. Yeah, yes. You know, the kind of normal looking, the only thing Joe was Joe had the strong man, you know, mustache with the wax on it. That's what I'm working. Then he had that to it. One point. Black men coffee Joe. Every, if Joe did it, black men had to do it. It was worth it. It was worth it. It was worth it. Just looking at the photo shoots. So he come on it. He's his wife is sitting there reading the books so he doesn't She may not go out too bad. You know, it's, you know, it's a situation. No. Oh, let's go. All right, let's let's talk about the Portugal Pro. Andre, I'm presti from Italy. When's it? Let me pull up a picture. They don't, the NPC knows there's never pictures of it. But I'll, let me get the, um, his Instagram up there. Yeah, he's put him up. I want to put him up. He did, I want to give him some credit. Yeah. There we go. Chris, give me your, your whole take on Andre. Um, good v-taper. Really good conditioning. Um, nothing. This is nothing overwhelming. Nothing, I'm the well-made. Um, and then line up like this, it gives him, like the judges are straight firsts. I don't know if he should have been straight first when he looked, you know, he was really good. He's wide. He's got a really good v-taper. Um, I mean, if you look at pictures in the lineup, like I said, he's, it's not like he's like a, a Paul physique, a not sure, you have, see. But as you can see here, you know, great condition, um, which he was also in a very good condition. Um, in Puerto Rico, I competed there, made top, I think four or five. And, um, I think built on that condition here. And I think that was probably, I think what one of them is his balance. And his condition. And thirdly, his lack of weaknesses. You know, lack of weaknesses would you have great condition, you know, could put you right close to the top and a lot of these shows. That's the very true for sure. You know, why you think it was that we didn't see more Americans in the show. There's not one American in this open lineup. Here's a perfect opportunity for a guy like a Steve, well, I don't see if cool girl's going to be doing the Texas show. But I just say even like a cool glow or guy like that to show up at the show. Even like a, how can we didn't see a Nathan the Ashard this show, you know, going in there? Probably because it's a pain in the ass to go all the way to hell alone. Not if you're in England, it's not, but I don't know what the travel restrictions are, but I see a lot of rushing guys in the lineup here, you know. Well, no, you asked why American guys were there. These guys though, the body bills don't get no fly. I don't get on an airplane. I don't think you can just wait and go to Chicago. You have to think about the level of the competition you can see there. You're going to see it's going to be a stacked lineup, you know, the chances of you winning one of these USA shows, Tampa, Chicago. It's very slim because there's only going to be so many slots of them. You're going to get guys like Ian Valier and there and you're going to get your Hunt-A-Librodas and, you know, where does that leave a guy who's almost at that level, but you know, maybe needs, you know, this is a good opportunity for like a, you know, I don't want to say a B level body bullet, but the A, but on the lower end of the A level body bullet, to kind of snagging it and looking at qualification. We talked about this as a sort of a strategy. You know, thing where, you know, you're going to decide like, you know, what shows to go and do. Yeah, running over to Portugal might have been a good idea, but, you know, I guess there's going to be other chances that might be a little bit more convenient. If not that many chances out there, really, I think about it. I mean, Chris, you helped, you know, what's his name? William Martin. William Martin. William Martin, so we interviewed a couple weeks ago and he took third year. That was a, and he went all the way from Brazil there. I mean, I think he, no, so I mean, we don't, I don't really know what Trevor restrictions are, but in his case, he had to, I believe he stayed in the Bahamas a while, where, where the, what was the Puerto Rico show we was in the Bahamas, or was it in Puerto Rico? Yeah, Bahamas. Okay, was in the Bahamas, so do to COVID, he had to stay there for an extended period of time. And then, I think he didn't even go home to Brazil, he went all the way to Portugal. So, you know, while it seems like things are opening up all over, there's still some travel issues, you know what I mean? Like he couldn't go home, train, and then go, go to Portugal. And I don't know, like, you know, now that he's in Portugal, can he just like jump on a plane tomorrow and go back to Brazil, or do they say, you know, you have to wait. You have to wait. So he doesn't, that's so out of it. He gets stuck there for two weeks. The Olympia is not the October, you know what I mean? No, he's not qualified to win this qualified. But it has never enough points. Yeah, no, he got no points. He was seventh and no. All right, I thought he was top but he, I mean, he looks really good here. I mean, the guys, you've got him shredded. This is definitely theliness I've ever seen him. Yeah, no, he's come such a long way in a couple years. I mean, I think, you know, to contrast him with the winner, I think he's bigger than the winner. And I think he's actually harder than the winner. And do I think the winner should have won? Yes. So there's the point in, you know, when you ask him, what are the attributes of the winner is balance, it's pretty, it's pretty. But balance is like balance means balance between the body parts, but also means flow to. So, you know, a lot of times when you have really strong balance under the lights, you know, it enhances the way you look and you end up exposing people for structural issues or, you know, one body part being dominant where over another, your competitors, where yours, you know, may have a better flow. So that's why I think the winner came out as the winner here. Meaning he was deserving, but just, you know, it's not always about condition and size. I mean, I agree with you in that sense. I mean, William has a ton of muscle and freaky, you know, conditioning, but his waist is a little bit. We talked about this before the show and I mean, that's something he's just going to have to keep working on, putting on more muscle balance. I don't have a, I don't have a stage picture of him, but he, I mean, he's got a really nice physique too. All these guys were really shredded. Yeah. I mean, that's pretty impressive when you get a show in the top, you know, five guys are all like, crushed right in and haven't glued, you know. Yeah, Buddha Shrines are good body balance, really good balance. I mean, he falls into the category of the winner, really good balance. Usually in, you know, tremendous condition. And I think he was a really, really good condition here. I think he was the last time I saw him, I think a couple years ago, he was second at the Cal Pro. And he was way over the look that saying, yeah, he was six. You know, but really good, really good, I think. What do you think, what do you think the condition is so much better among these guys? The European guys, you mean? Yeah. I think the, I think the design up like if you look, it's such a good question, John. I think if you look at this lineup and if you remove William Martin's who's like the biggest in lineup, and kind of like quote, freaky, the guy to get first, the guy to get second, the guy to get fourth or let's say, yeah, even the guy to get fourth, but the guy to get fifth or everyone else, nobody's huge. And nobody's really big. They're, you know, good professional audience big, but they're all in tremendous condition. I think that, you know, just the mindset is if you're, I mean, let's contrast it with team. They're all tiny compared to a team. Right. I mean, if you're a team for people to get these guys, why would you die it down? You know, peeled out of your mind when you can beat them. This would have been a cakewalk for a team. Right. Oh, yeah, but you don't even need a, I mean, a team here. I mean, you can get a guy, you know, like, you used someone else's day. I just wanted to use the extreme. I was thinking like a seven day, nine place guy would probably have wanted to show, you know, somebody really big who's a little bit off, but big enough to, you know, they say, well, he's off, but he's still still got a lot bigger of free to give them these guys. So, you know, I think they have to come in that type of condition to be effective. What did you think about the two, 12 winner, Lucas Quaila from Brazil? They're really good. Excellent. Thys, midsection. I think the same thing, lack of weaknesses and extremely good detail. Made it a pretty convincing win for them. It's a pretty great because some people are less of a way of this. Yeah. A lot of us in short. How do you feel to do with the Olympia in the 2012 division? Top 10. Yeah. Probably correct the top 10 somewhere. It's so hard to say the 2012 because, you know, you split that out of the top 10 and then you start. It's like the Olympia. When you start, when you start handing the cap in the Olympia, we forget about people. I don't know how to say how my gosh, what it is. I've forgotten about, you know, right? Forget some people, you know? Yeah. You forget how good they are. And then you go to the Olympia and you're going to say, wow. I want to forget about him. Right. What do you think about the classic winner? Yeah. Who? Yeah. Yeah. It's a whole different year. Yeah. Is that the one that was a mess on that? No, the Jose won. The amateur of the, well, the, well, the pro. I'm talking about the pro, too, 12. I mean, I'm a classic, I'm just sorry. Classic. Plot picture up on the, I think I got a few more. Does it, there was, there was several shows a weekend. Yeah. No. Jose, Matt Day, Home home, so, Marianne, is, God explain the Spanish last name thing. They got, they, they have two last names, right? The mother and mother. They have, yes, they have their mother's maiden name comes first. And then they're, then they're, then they're surname. So you would have your name, your middle name, your mother's maiden name, and then you're surname. I got to go. And when they, when they, when did they use? It's like their legal man. Usually they're surname, the last one. Some of them don't, some of them use the mother's maiden name. It depends on how cool it sounds. You know. I'll take your pick, they'd take the go. You can, I mean, they, generally, the rule of thumb is it's your, it's your surname, but some of them go by them, the mother's maiden name. I can't find a picture of them. So yeah, they, pretty, pretty, pretty much, pretty much all of them have four names, at least. Let me make it up that day without seeing them. Well, I don't even think classic, classic, classic, classic, classic, classic. That's what I would do. I did it. Listen, listen, that's, that's like when judges say like, what do I get in, and prove on? Well, you could be, you know, bigger and harder, you know, I mean, you're just a good guy, I'm just a see harder, and you know, you got good fullness, but I feel a bit bigger. It must have been a good line up, and I'll tell you why, because Wesley Vissers, who, you know, has really made a lot of improvements, he's, and he's, he's, he's, he's, he's a qualified for the Olympic last year. He actually had a self-added third year. So, I mean, and this was a picture of him like right before, you know, he competed in him. I mean, he, if that felt like an article, look alike, and we've said this before, but he's even better now that he's gotten bigger and filled out his frame more. He's absolutely got such an article like physique, doesn't he? Yeah, I do. Dave, though, I, I'm pretty, the winner has a more body, like hardcore body building physique that was, you know, worthy of winning, but it definitely is all we had your body building. Yeah, I'd like to see Wesley go up to the, to the open body building eventually, to get an add-in of size, because he probably do it right. structure, you know. Well, he can take to 500 bucks and apply it to his future. But, say, he only won 500 bucks right from third place in a minute. Yeah, professional job. What do you think about that? It's climbing up there. The problem is this, this, these, these primaries don't have enough money to get that. It's only like a think of. Well, you know, those aren't what they're doing, putting on shows if they got no money. No, it's just got, thank you for the $1,000,000,000 question John. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Stop being so logical, John. Sorry. I, you know, I think that the, and this is good for the sport when the rock comes out with the, his, his athletic contact, he should have called the rock games. By the way, that's it that I think he missed the boat on that. But anyway when he comes out with athletic on, I believe it's coming out in April of 2020. I have been getting to be giving away a million bucks for every division in prize money. Is it million bucks total person or they're giving a million bucks or first prize? No, I think it's a million for the person for the, for the division. For you, John, remember? Remember when you said, what was that verbage you used John for EAS when you said it was not a watershed. The sale of EAS was a watershed moment. Oh, windfall. Windfall. This would be a windfall. And a watershed moment for the sport. Dr. Wolf. One million dollars. You will people who are. Yeah. To be one million for first place. One million dollars. Then you can, you know, then drop it down to 300 to 30. Can you imagine what's a good point, Chris? Don't you think this should be a huge disparity between first and second? Well, the reason they're Mr. Olympia. I think we've found it all. It's one hundred dollars. One hundred grand is not chump change. And that's the first. So it does drop off to second, third, fourth, fifth. To me, you know, fifth place. The first place is massive. Different. Yeah. The first. But I think first the second should be massive. It should be like million for first place, you know, 250 for second and then on. Oh, God. I can imagine John being up there. Those are by a point. So say, care, Bob Chickerola, we're got one point. One point. Seven point. Yeah. But they're. One point is where 500,000. Yeah. I was going to say, you did you got 800 grand for first place. And second place got like 150,000. I mean, that's still, that would be nice, you know. I think look, it's a million bucks first place. And then you got to go down to 250. Making 250 is not a two shabby. No, especially in body building. You know what, for the body, those are going to be great. But imagine to the fitness girls and the bikini girls who've never seen probably more than what 20 grand maybe. I mean, imagine they're making like 500 grand. You know, what is that going to do? And what message will that send? Number one to Jake, what if the Olympia? Number two to all these other promoters that are holding, you know, they show the Arnold people. And even, yeah, I got the answer to that question. Did they got to step the game up? I mean, what the, up to fucking game. What they do it. How about how about the football player, okay? How about the football player? It gets out of college, gets drafted, gets on the team. Now, he's going from eating ramen and ketchup every night. It's $100,000, you know. A year, okay? When you become, and that's not even the best. That's like an average, you know, above average guy, you know, what's the average? $300, $400 grand in NFL? Well, I think it's more than that now. Yeah. It must be right. What bodybuilders consistently making $300,000,000? Come on, they don't make it. So, you know, to three a top professional athlete, the best in the world. And you can't get a $1,000 first prize when you got freaking illiterate people who can't, you know, put string together sentences, when walking around with freaking, you know, $100,000,000,000,000 contracts. You know. So, yeah, I think there's plenty of money to go around, especially at the Olympic, at the Olympic level, at the Arnold level, at the or whatever, the shit's going to be, there's money. The rock is going to get prime time sponsored. Where the money is going to be. The rock is not this different than to his old bank account. No, but he's good. He should. I mean, this is what he doesn't need to. He can go to the under armor. He can go to Nike and probably get the money from them, you know, because he's looked the guy is the most popular guy in the world pretty much at this point. It would be and him making those inroads and getting, getting it up like that would benefit Jake Wood and and the Laura Merz and everybody, because the mainstream sponsors would follow suit they would follow suit. You know, I would hope so, right? I would hope so. Well, of course they would. You can't have the rocks guy and then the same guy is going to compete, you know, for Laura Merz, they want nobody's going to follow me. I hope if the rock a pull an under armor in or Nike in or whatever that he's going to pull in that they would go and spot to these other shows too, but they may not, you know, and then what happened? Does the Olympia become, you know, not so important? Yeah, come. How about this? Of course it does. Of course it does. Right? Of course it does. Is there any debate on that? We need an eye on debate on that? No, I mean, it puts a lot of pressure on the Olympia guys to actually have to put out more money and is the money there or they'll buy it. I don't know. To the Olympia's grant, because I've been hard on the Arnold's on the show and saying that, you know, I always give the example my friends are 100 grand in 1995. And the house that he bought for 174,000 is probably like $850 now. You know what I mean? So things go up. What was 100 grand in 1995? It was it was real money. And it's not real money anymore. So when the Arnold's not like it was 1995, the Olympia, the National and Choir group, you know, continually added money to the men's prize and Jake, you know, I mean, back against the wall with potentially no kick-it-seals, whatever, last year, still coughed up all that money and laid it on the line had a great show. But he, you know, talk about stepping it up. But having said that, you know, to his credit, everything that great that he's done so far, if the rock has a show and it's a million dollars first prize, it becomes the number one show period. And ever, you don't need 35, you can smoke a 35 or whatever, it's 50 year history in one second by just one million dollar check. God. Well, you know what I was doing. John, if the first place was a million and the second was the same prize as the Olympia. Yeah. And you're preparing for the Olympia. Please don't, you know what? All those guys who stayed and didn't take the vis-a-vis pick man money, wanted to be loyal to Joe Weader. You know what? Good for them, they were loyalists. But again, people, the people went to the WBS last their way to the banks. Yeah, that's really great. It wasn't for very long, but they did laugh. Yeah. You know, what I would do is if, you know, and I'm not running the Olympia or anything like that. But if it came down to that where I have to step up my game, I only Olympia, which Jake does, doesn't it make sense to start abitting, bidding it out like they do with the WrestleMania? Hey, who wants to hold this? Who's going to pay? Oh, you want to pay in the Middle East there? You want to do buy? You want to have it there? Yeah. Yeah. It's going to cost you $10 million because I got to put up the prize money for this piece of these guys. You're going to have to put up $10 million money. And you know what? The I guarantee they wouldn't blink an eye. Yeah, it would leave the Orlando, but you know what? That would solve your problem. It's a brilliant idea, actually, just because you own it doesn't mean you have to run it. Yeah. Not at all. And in fact, you know, I mean, who would you can still be fully involved in it? That's a great idea. Right. You can make a lot of money doing that because he owned your brand. Let him let these other guys pay for it. Manion in those guys is still going to run the show. They're going to judge it and let the other let Dubai or let, you know, Qatar or let wherever they want to, you know, Russia let them fork the bill out for the prize money and everything else. You know, that's the, that's the, that's the underlying basis. And that's fantastic. But what you got, you need a guy like the rock for is what you said before is he's the guy that's going to bring the under armor, the Nike, the Reebok. What you get sponsors like that behind it, then the, the whoever's holding it or running it is in consequential because you're now you're talking big money. Now you got, now you've got, now you've got, not only you got a million dollar first prize, but you got a nice old house, you got limo, you got air fair, you got all this shit now. And it's what it deserves. I mean, this is what 60 years, 70 years has been going on and now this is, this is, this is, well the excitement John and the passion is for the athletes to get paid. Right. And, and you know, I, I can hear it now people who run the Olympic get like a little offended that people who are critical of the prize money. What they always do. Well, I mean, to to defend them to some degree, I said Jake Wood was one of step that up and, you know, even, you know, a little fan of David Packer, but he's stepped it up too by continuing to continually adding money, but who doesn't want to see the athletes, you know, the guy gets eighth place, walk away with it. Well, he's strong. Hey, Dave. Let's use that's not happening right now. Let's use David Packer as an example. That, that was a great example. When, when he first came on board, I thought to myself, this is it. This is going to happen. Finally, we're here. We're at the mainstream. Yeah. He had the mainstream publications. He had access to every A, B and C level celebrity. You could name he had access to everything. What happened? What that was going to be? That was Cinderella Slipper for bodybuilding. What happened? You know, he didn't come through that there was under David Packer's rain. There was no reason why Mr. Olympia couldn't get a million bucks. None. Zero. Except for the fact that they just didn't want to go through the effort to go and do it. And I get that. Well, because, you know, why? Because bodybuilders for 70 years have been taught that they're not worth shit. And that the people putting on the shows, the higher-ups, manning and company, the whole, the whole organization, they all got to get their money. And it's off the backs of the athletes. The athletes have been underappreciated, underpaid, and under-recognized since day one. No, but I'm talking specifically about David Packer. Why didn't he? Because because, okay, who knows? I mean, maybe he wanted to, maybe they were he was told not to. You know, I don't know what the deal was. But if there was ever a time in our history where we could have departed from the the patents that bodybuilders were used to be in paed, it was under David Packer's rain. And for some reason, the prize money to forge a granddad when you, I think he wanted to do it. I think someone was tying his hands. I believe I could believe that too, you know. But if you look not really, it's not the onus of the people who run the IFB, you know, the Jim Man needs to do. No, it's a prize money. It's the promoters that need to come up with a better business model to be able to put that, you know, put that money. And in that in the sense it was Packer's job. Now it's Dick Wood's job. You know, the Arnold people's their job. It's the promoters job to get that money and they raise that up. Is that's like the reason for the show. If you remember, John, when Arnold first put out 100 grand prize money, the winners were really shaking in their boots. And they made some kind of big thing. Well, you got to keep the prize money less than the Olympia. If you remember, because the Arnold and Jack right up. But Dave, but Dave, under at the time, Packer was at the helm. He had Packer and Arnold standing together on stage. Humilever worth probably $10 billion. Okay. You've got two of them. Well, theist people in the country stand right next to each other, presiding over bodybuilding, or the bodybuilder gets 150 grand. Okay. So when you had Arnold, we need to go not only the highest paid entertainer in the entire world, but Governor of California, David Packer, the owner of all these tabloid publications, millions and millions and millions of dollars in advertising and millions in circulation. You had this gigantic thing in front of you. And bodybuilding didn't go anywhere. You can then to the degree where you can say, well, the prize money went to 400 grand. Wow, 400 grand. Holy shit. Well, you don't, I think Arnold's derby and co-stown to him. I think Arnold would have raised the prize money a lot more. Had all these new divisions not bloomed essentially and sucked it up. In other words, when France wall won, it was only bodybuilding. Right? Well, maybe fitness was not because you know what? Because you can't defend them that Arnold that way. Because when France wall won the 100 grand and when when J was winning 100 plus a hammer. Hammer. You know, when, when Mike won the 100, they didn't have an attendance of whatever they have they have today. 200,000 people paid. I'm going to you have to pay to go walk that trade show to see Genders Hawking protein bars. You know, so it wasn't that income stream. So the income stream was lower. Far, far, far lower. So you would think that there's with all those income stream's as money to, you know, up the prize money. Yeah, look, there is Ben Weeder died with a building dollars in the bank. Okay? So there was, there was money in bodybuilding. Joe Weeder was a wealthy, wealthy man. Betty is wealthy beyond imagination. There was a ton of fucking money in bodybuilding. Only problem is bodybuilders didn't get any of it. And so they were taught they're not getting any of it. So whatever comes along the afterwards is used to the fact that you don't have to pay to bodybuilders shit they're used to it. So that's why they don't get any money. What other sport on earth on earth is treated like this? True. You're right. You're right. It's said, but you know what? Talking about it, bringing it to attention is what's going to get it to change. I mean, if it wasn't prevents from expanding in the early 90s, Weeder never would have given out contracts and the money would have never gone up. So the rock might be the right person, the messenger at the right time to spark another, you know, Renaissance and bodybuilding where we're going to see a higher amount of prize money, a higher amount of opportunities available. Maybe even, you know, mainstream, you know, entrances to that Hollywood world via the rock, you know, which you know, Arnold Wet the Hollywood, but he didn't pull at many people along with them. That was the problem. Or maybe has ability to do that. I mean, that could be something that would be great for bodybuilders as well. Yeah, but, but it way, I didn't, I don't, in my rant there, I didn't because Chris brought it up. I wasn't disinjured what, by any means, exact opposite. I think Jake, what Jake would has done for this is just absolutely, you know, mind-boggling, because no one else stepped up like he did, but I still think if you get the guy, a guy like the rock who can really step this up and pull in, you know, those those big mainstream sponsors, it's going to help everybody, Jake included. So I wouldn't look at this as like competition, something bad has happened. I would, I would, all of these guys, other promoters, I would be praying and hoping that the rock pulls this off because I'm telling you though, John, I just know what my gut, the Olympia is a very strong brand. I think it was a very smart purchase for Jake to make, but I also know that, and I went, I've been there in the Middle East, these Middle Eastern leaders of the country, the shakes, think that bodybuilding is, is the coolest thing they've ever seen. It's like baseball and football is in the United States. These guys will roll out the red carpet and throw the money at the professional body. It was that they're like fans, they're like, black men watching the show, you know, they think they like and see the bot, they'll put the money out there. And I think that it's foolish to keep it here in the US if it's good, if we can't grow the brand because it's just not enough money here, go someplace where someone's willing to open their pocketbooks up and pay for everything, you know, that and I always like when the Olympia moved around. I mean, yeah, it's more convenient, but it's in the US of course, but it's more exciting sometimes, you know, when it can go to a place where they're going to make it like Disney world because they think it's like, they think it's like, they get in the Super Bowl and football there, you know? I agree with that. All right, so a lot of strong opinions today, and hopefully I want to congratulate all winners. We didn't really get to go over everything, but you know, I will cover during the week on the other shows. A lot of the pictures are. We get to get two stuff for the money. What's in the show? It was interesting because you know, I see and I smell change in our world and it's a good thing for bodybuilding because it's going to mean that we're going to have more opportunities for the bodybuilders. There's John said the bodybuilders are the people who make the sport and they should really be the ones that reaping a lot of the rewards and they're not. And so, you know, I think that with Jake and new blood at the helm, you know, I think we're going to see new things. And I think another exciting thing is we've got the much, you know, with Tyler Manning kind of moving into a position as a young man who's going to be running things after his grandfather, you know, steps down, I think that's good also to the sport because, you know, new fresh ideas and there as well. So, I mean, we have a lot of good stuff happening over the next, I think, five to ten years are invocable. And I think that the rock is, you know, he's the first celebrity to ever say, you know, what, I'm going to support bodybuilding. There's a lot of other guys that could have done it, okay, a long way, but they did it like Arnold. Arnold, yeah, Arnold got involved to a certain degree, but I think the rock, the rock is the guy who wants to run from president, you know, can you imagine that the president of the United States who actually likes bodybuilding? You know, look, I don't know, overshadow Arnold's, you know, political aspirations or accomplishments, either, Arnold is, you know, is a household name. So, you know, the fact that, you know, he presides over bodybuilding to some degree, always his success to it, to certainly, I mean, he's older than O2 John. So, I mean, at this point, he made a lot of changes in the sport. I think with the Arnold class, again, everything he did, and that's still going to continue on, but the rock is young, he's got a lot of fresh ideas, he's got connections, you know, that are fresh and, you know, not just connections that he had from 20 years, he's got connections currently, and he can leverage money from these connections and sponsors. And I think that if he goes ahead with this, it doesn't get cold feet at the last minute, like, you know, I think it could be a big thing. I think it could be a big meal. Look, a Paul de Lette in Canada, I mean, it could be a huge, huge, colorful event, you know, right? I think the rock is, and the fact that the rock is not trying to start his own organization, but he's doing it with the, the comp lines of the IFBB, it's something that's even more exciting because that, once again, is going to raise up the whole sport. It's not going to create a, it's not going to divide the sport, which is what we don't want, obviously. It's still competition for the Olympia. Yep, that's good. Competition is good, it's good, because you know, it's good for the athlete. It's my number. You go for the promotion. It's great on the athletes, but I think Jake has a very, very, very strong brand and the team, if he manipulated and uses it right, he, not only is going to make a lot of money, but he's going to be able to really raise the sport of body building up to another level. He had a rough first year, man, so you got to hand it to him for still hanging. Hey, men for sticking it out because he didn't have absolutely, so he drops them for the, Randy should be the one who's really, very happy. He might have been Mr. Olympia right now. We, you know, we're getting, we're getting curry might still be Mr. Olympia. If I birch a bit, they're not being in Olympia. They can't, they can't, they can't sell the freaking Olympics for God's say, right? So, all right, well let's wrap this thing up, running out of time and till next week, as we say every week, remember with heavy muscle radio, the truth is, get out of everyone, have a great one.