Old School Body Building Clothing Company. If it's been three and a half hours since you last ate protein, now you're starting to freak out, you are old school. If watching someone sit on a hammer machine for five minutes between sets playing with their phone, pisses you off, you are definitely old school. OSBBC.com for the hardest training athletes. Welcome back to our ex-Muscle Spotlight and today's competitor is an old friend of mine. He's just one his pro-card at the NPC Junior Nationals in the classic physique category. He's now an IAPB pro and the man I'm talking about is Bartley Weaver. Welcome to the show. Hey Dave, thanks for having me man. It's been a long time coming as you probably remember, you know, you were my first and I only coached back in what was it about 2016 or so. Yeah, yeah, I don't. Everything's on the board in my head, but probably, you know, it's funny because, you know, we work together and then you made those probably one of my favorite t-shirts as your t-shirts they made me. Oh yeah. You're still doing those, right? Yeah, I need to get you one of these. I just, yeah, podcast. Yeah, I had this custom made so we got a cookie right here, and it's slice of pizza and a burger. So bodybuilding and cheat meals podcast, I've been doing that with two of my buddies and it's been a great experience, you know, because we're all in prep and we're all talking about the food and we're all talking about what we're doing for training and, you know, sometimes one of us is struggling, you know, there's on be mode, you know. So what kind of talk a little smack and pick each other up. So so I'll tell you what I said, hey, listen guys, I'm all compete first. I'll set to standard for y'all and you know, I'm going to have to finish strong for me. Well, you're pretty much that a very high standard for these guys because you've got your pro car. But more importantly, you know, I think the thing that really, I mean, you've been, you've done a lot of things we're going to talk about, but I love the fact that you're a professional eater or at least a competitive eater. I don't know if you're a professional. I don't even know what's sad. Are you a professional leader? Is there a status thing there? Yeah, it's actually a son to three-year contract with major league eating. So it is a professional organization. It's only a credited one. So it's the one, you know, on July 4th, County, I don't know. I don't know. Yeah. So I compete against Joey Chestnut a couple times the year before last and he definitely handed my butt to me. But you know, I'm still ranked. I'm happy to win. I did 32 years ago at a 30 and 10 minutes at a Nathan's qualifier. I did it at the Cardinal Scubs game center field. So it was about 100 degrees. Oh, my God. When you, when you were 30 hot dogs, look, my son loves hot dogs. I, you know, I take him to 7-11. He's got to have a hot dog. He makes me make him hot dogs in the house. And I won't eat them because I'm against the nutritional components of the hot dog. But I don't care. My son is young. He can eat it. But eating 30 hot dogs, I mean, like, you keep those things down to you from up after. Well, it's kind of, uh, it's kind of players discretionary. No, so what are you usually do? For the hot dogs, I was like, man, I'm actually, um, I actually want to eat some pizza into my screen. So, you know, I don't know how long these hot dogs are going to stay down. So, you know, sometimes you help them up. But if it's, uh, if it's like bread, like I did the world pepper on your row, eat and changing ship, which was a lot of bread, he wasn't that much meat. So, what that heavy on my stomach. So that was, that was no problem. Um, you know, the main thing is that a lot of people don't understand is, uh, there's a lot of water turning involved. If you want to be, you know, at the top upper echelon of athletes and major league eating, you've got to be able to expand that stomach. So, sure. What blows a lot of people's mind is, you know, here I'm in classic physique trying to shrink the waist. Yeah, right. For a few months a year. And then I'm expanded it and blown it out, which really don't make a lot of sense. But, you know, it's a, it's a free cheap meal. And, uh, you know, you get to travel. And to be honest with you, man, it, you know, just like any other sport growing up, you know, you'll get the butterflies. It's like, it's, it's a very competition. Right. It's, it's a, it's a, it's a one man sport. But this is what I'm thinking of. You know, when I think of a hot dog, it's got the meat and then there's like a shell around it. There's this like this skin shell that is telling you just to use like, you know, the intestines really, you know, the thing that the intestines, but so that thing is not that digestible. Now, when you're eating a hot dog, you might, if you're lucky, you get a bite out of the thing, right? It's just you're basically swallowing the hot dog, yeah, I expect of it. And then you're soaking the bread and water, right? Yeah. So what I do, I like to do the, um, the double barrel approach. So take two hot dogs. You kind of mow them down. When you do small bites possible, because the, uh, the Nathan's hot dog is the natural, uh, beef casing. So it's a little bit different than, um, what we're using competition. It's actually a little bit tougher than just your standard, you know, uh, run of the meal grocery store hot dog. So, uh, I've got a picture of mall all laid out, you know, on your Instagram. Uh, it's during weaver, IV. Okay. I can probably send it. We got to meet a picture of all that. Well, put your pictures up. Yeah. Yeah, but um, yeah, I know. I'll get them. What do you do? You dip the bread in the water. So dip the bread in the water. I usually, I didn't know anything about this. You know, I'm, I just, people would tag me on Facebook or Twitter and be like, Hey, uh, there's, uh, such and such contest, you know, talk a week in contest going on the Nashville, Tennessee, you know, this weekend for 150 bucks. I was like, uh, you know, I'll go train legs and then I'll go, uh, fast and, and eight tacos and when money free cheap meal. You know, the main. So that's how I kind of started out. And I kept doing that until I competed at a, uh, a pro event, usually they'll let like one or two amateurs on the table and I did the World Mutton, Eaten Championship. Uh, uh, and I once burrowed Kentucky. So that's how much money did you plan for those people down now now. Yeah, I eat six pounds. It ended up being like 24, 24, uh, sandwiches in 10 minutes. And that was 10 minutes. Oh my god. No, when you eat that, when you eat that much of a mutton, okay, how long does it take to digest? Like, you know, when do you fully pooped that stuff out of your body, you know? Well, usually, and, you know, you're, you're a big fiber component, you know, so back in the day, I was slamming the fiber lies and that's something that I've almost, I've almost mastered Dave. I've, uh, and I give you a lot of credit for this because so I've created my own supplement line and I've created in my second product ever is a fiber greens. So it's a 10, 10 grams of fiber, five grams of greens and greens and probiotics and stuff. Yeah. I just, I took your stuff religiously for, you know, four to five years and I get my clients on it and that's, that's been something that you'd love this year to, you know, kind of bring my waist in because what I've got to do, I've got to naturally water, you know, play college football, you know, full back waist, you know, and what the judge just told me last year at the amateur Olympia, I won my class but didn't get the pro card and overall. Right. And they told me they said, hey, listen, your waist can't get any water. Okay. As we're glad you down talk, I was right now and I'm down. Yeah. So, so that's, that's, I use that in preparation. You know, I do, I fast one day a week. I did for this prep just, you know, calorie control, bringing in my midsection and that's what I would do going into these food challenges is I would fast at least, you know, 18 to 21 hours was usually my sweet spot for these competitions. If you do other guys do the same thing as that technique that most people use is that you're on technique. I talked to Joey, just not, and he said that what he likes to do, he likes two days out, he likes to do liquid only. So he'll do like liquid egg whites and protein shakes. And then a day out he'll fast, but he'll do the water training. So the water training is what they do every day. You know, I'm, I'm not that serious into it. We're out just, I'm just going to try myself, you know, choking water. You know, I got to wear, you know, just playing around with it a couple of years ago. I could do a gallon of water in a minute. And you're talking about some serious stretchage. You know, it almost, so they threatened to start a gradative with food, which is probably not helping me if they do it with water. Okay. I got it. Right. Right. And see, what a lot of them will do is, you know, they'll have to bring, you know, a lot of them's way more talented stomach capacity wise than I am. You know, I'm just kind of doing it just, you know, for fun, just for fun on the side, you know, and just kind of running with it. But a lot of them, like Joe Chess, not can drink four gallons of water in 10 minutes. Oh, wow. Don't know why I do that. You can kill yourself. No, no, no, no. Yeah. So, so that's, that's very, very toxic. So, you know, there's no way I could do that. And no way I'm on a try. But if I can get a gallon of water in 10 minutes, you know, it usually takes about six to seven iris to flush that out. So it's kind of like a, it's kind of like a balloon, like a water balloon, you know, once you stretch it out, once you let the water out, the balloon's going to be a little bit bigger once it finally stands out. So it gets me, it gets me a little bit of plod ability there. Gotcha. So, and you know, people don't really, you're not doing this eating every day. So even if you did it once a month, you're not going to blow your waist out from, from a, from, you know, perfect. Eating, you know, 30 hot dogs once a month. If you did it every day, that's a different story. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah, I actually got, got asked to be on the table at a event in West Virginia a few weeks ago, and I hit him back. And I was like, well, I'm all, I'm all, I'm all trying one more time for this pro card here. And we'll get back on the circuit. So, so maybe later this year. Yeah, the pro card is, it's not even that interesting. I'm enjoying the eating questions better, but you did obviously win your pro card. Now, one more thing I wanted to ask you, you were on that show, the rock show, right? What was the Titan game? Yeah, yeah, the Titan game. Tell me about that. Man, that was, those incredible experience right there, you know, anytime that you can, you can compete in front of one of your idols growing up, you know, to me, and one of the biggest guys in the game right now, the rock, he's, he's dominate and everything. And just being able to, to meet him and be on the show, you know, I even got a chance to talk to him a little bit backstage. And he's just such a humble, downed earth guy, you know, we, we go back and forth. We're supposed to train soon. So, so maybe he'll watch this, but after one of the competitions, it took like, like, 20, some minutes to push this wall. I'm not sure if you had a chance to see it, but it's lunar impact. Yeah, where you, where you run up, ladder, it's like a two or three, if you type in Bartley, we've heard lunar impact on you, too, you'll find it. But, um, so I competed in that and, you know, I came from behind a tour of my hamstring, three, three weeks prior on a 40-hour dash at the Titan games combat. So I had, I had three weeks to heal. So I mean, I was doing every recovery modality. You could possibly think of just like, man, just, you know, I can't, I can't, both this opportunity. And ended up, it ended up holding. It was still bruised up. I showed the rock backstage. Um, my heart rate was like 200, they had to EMS on me because I, for you. I can't, I can't, I can't climb as fast. The guy's going against is like was number two in the world, Matt Chained. He was number two in the world in CrossFit. And it's also a firefighter. So he, he climbed that ladder so freaking fast. It put me in the hole. So, but once he hits the wall, he brings it all the way back to me. It about knocks me off. But I had a few inches and then just walked him back over over 23 minutes. And so once I jumped off after I won, I went up to the rock and I was like, Hey brother, is that Army leg day? Iron pair dice. He says you got a brother. So every time that we talk, he's like, he's like, yeah, we're going to get that leg workout in the end. That's awesome. That's awesome. Yeah. Hang out with the rock and that you won and that'll, you know, yeah. And you're a big guy. And you know, and let's add one more little acolyte onto your list, you know, across your, your police officer as well, right? Yeah, that's right. Yeah, I've been a site trooper here in Kentucky for about six years now. So if I get pulled over speed and I can drop you an end. A lot of people do. You know, when I was in New York, I knew all the, all the policemen there. I used to know, in New York, you get the little pdf card thinking about, you know, you can kind of wave it and be, and it was good. And everyone kind of, now I moved to Florida, really, you know, no one knows me. Luckily, I did get pulled over once here in my community and the guy was a body build a believer in that. And he, oh, yeah. But I don't know. Yeah, if I'm in kid, if I'm in your state, I'll drop you a name. But that's cool. Do you like it? Do you enjoy being a police officer? I do. It's something, it's something different every day. You know, and you don't always get the opportunity to help somebody. You know, you're not always putting in a position to help somebody. But the times that you actually do get to help somebody and, and you, you know, make somebody's day a little bit easier. It's always rewarding in that aspect. Do you get frustrated when you like see stuff where people put down the police officers, you know, in the news and stuff like that? You know, that's like the, there's a whole bunch of people out there. I think the police officers were all bad, you know, and I hate when I see that. Because you know what, I know so many good guys like yourself who are, who are, you know, working hard, put their life on the line to protect us. And then I see these morons out there, you know, because there's one bad be seen. And it's just that frustrates me, you know, and I'm not even a police officer. Yeah, we've kind of been through a few cycles of this. If you, if you think back, you know, ever since I've started, you know, there's, there's been, you know, cycles of the media and, you know, yes, there's bad stuff that happens. And yes, there's bad apples. But, you know, like you say, you can't judge all of them based off, you know, sure, the negative actions of a couple. So I mean, I just, I just, I just answer my call, do my job, and treat people how I want to be treated. Sure. It seems to take care of itself that way. I asked that to Ronnie Coleman once the long time ago and he said the same thing, you know, he's like, look, I can only do B who I am. I can only be the officer I am, you know, and then take control of what other people do when he said. But I, but I have to imagine though, it's terrible when you, you know, you do spend and devote yourself to this job. And then you hear people just making it seem like all police officers are not good people. And that's just not the case. So well, all right, you got a pro card now. What are you to do with this thing? Hey, we're going to the Bahamas this weekend. Oh, you are. I don't even know that. Hey, Porto Rico Pro. Yeah, leave tomorrow. So I got to go pick up my PCR test today. I was just like, man, you know, I'm already at the top of my weight. Yeah. Basically, and I talked to Flex Lewis and Jose Raymond after the show and they're like, hey, man, just, you know, it's a, it's a small sport. Go ahead and get your face out there. You're absolutely shredded. You know, I brought my best package. And thankfully, you know, that's, it's probably due to the weight cap in classic, you know, I've been for the past three, four years. I mean, I end up losing 23.6 pounds in 48 hours to make weight for junior nationals. You're a professional eater. That's not. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, what's crazy is I can eat all this food with I can, I can fast like a son of again, too. It's kind of, it's kind of like a, all or nested in type of day like your body is adapted, too. Like it knows, you know, when he's fasting, you hold the muscle, you know, anything, you can let the body fat in the water go, but no, and then when you're eating, your body knows how to assimilate all that food and like, I'm just like an anabolic rebound. You get off of that. Now, how many pounds of behavior in food will you eat after the Puerto Rico pros are that's the question. I'm trying to talk, you need to, you need to shoot guys, sister, and you know what takes. I'm trying to get a little food challenge going with guy. I know, you know, Jamie, the giant, yeah, Joe Hall. Oh, yeah, he's probably good to eat her. Yeah, yeah, he likes to eat. So I shot him a message. You shot that in the day. He's the whole world of food challenges. One, Morrell won a few of our two, I know. I know. I wish I would have known you back then, but you wouldn't be great. I know it. Fury is eating. He's eating in one of few of our challenges and it was great. Yeah. I ate, I did a food challenge. I was four weeks out from a show. I guess it was last year, her year or two ago. And I was up in New York. I can't remember the name of the place. Wrong, wrong, concoma. Wrong concoma. Yeah, that's out one. Wrong concoma. So I was there and I wanted to do a little simple food challenge. Because one thing I like to do when I travel to new states, I like to get a food challenge in. Because I want to get a food challenge when in every state. There's only been, I think, two people to do it ever. So I looked up the food challenges. And I found a place called Crazy Crapes. They had a three pound curry. And I was like, all right, three pounds. Isn't that bad? I'm on prep. It's kind of clean. Yeah. It's clean. Yeah. Yeah. So I ate that. And then we walked next door because there was an authentic pizza spot. Man, I was like, man, at least need to. This guy's going and get one slice or check out three pound curry. Yeah. Yeah. And listen to this. I went in there and had some buddies with me. And they're like, yeah, it stays for fashion. I eat her. He's number 34 in the world. Number one Kentucky. He said, he'll eat anything you got. What do you got? And the dude was like kind of confused. He was like, really? Yeah, we can make a food challenge. What do you want to do? I was like, I don't know. I was like, can you make a big cow's own? He's like, yeah, I'll make a five pound one. Oh, no way. You ate the five pounder. Yeah. And I was like, oh, man, I don't know if I can do this. And yeah. So he made a cow's own about size of a pillow. Oh, my God. He pounds a food right back to back. And right after that, I said, Art is time for dessert. He made two pounds of donuts. Oh, that's how you had it. So 10 pounds. Yeah. I'm drinking that. I'm not that cold after that. And I was like, well, as I'm doing that. Can you actually sleep at night after the after you have enough that much food? See what's crazy Dave is I sleep better. Really? Big swelled up, Billy. I just lay on my side. Just let it hang. After I would get after a show, I would go and eat like a lot of food. I couldn't even fall asleep that night. I would be so I'd be sweating and just feel it. Don't I get your body is adapted to it. That's crazy. So I'm still working off my post junior national's cheap meal. I had had three pizzas. I had two deep fried moon pies with ice cream on top. Those are phenomenal. What am I eating for? One of my eating prowess is that in college I was a runner. I was really skinny. Like 140 pounds. And I had a pizza eating contest. Each dorm had someone represent them. And they were all fat guys. This is before professional eating was really around. This is in the 80s. Yeah. And I said, and I was always starving myself for bought for and I could eat a lot of food. But I was starving myself to keep my weight down for running. And so I said, you know what? You guys gotta let me represent you. They're like, no, let's give this the fact that they wanted to have the fact that I was. I said, I'm telling you, put I'm gonna win. I ain't two and a half pizzas in five minutes. Which I'm believing they'd never seen anything like that. And I was still eating pizza after the challenge was over. I was enjoying it because I would start literally starving myself every day. All day and then just eat at night because I knew that otherwise I'd gain muscle. You know, I was a, my body was running the build muscle and that's not good for long distance running. Right. So that was, and then I had, I think I also had a food challenge in high school. 230 vanilla wait for us in five minutes. Yes. And that was, and that was my, that was my food and career. That's, say, you know, I didn't miss a meal for, you know, I didn't miss a meal for 10, 15 years. You know, I started working out when I was 12, you know, so I've been going almost 21 hours. And I've been competing. My first show was 2009. And so it's been 12 years since I started competing. And, you know, I didn't miss a meal that whole time. I was the bodybuilder's bodybuilder's bodybuilder's bodybuilder. I'm gonna play you. That's why you're a pro now. Yeah. But what I was saying is I kind of changed, you know, with the weight cap, you know, it wasn't all about muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle. It was kind of, it comes down to a refining process and just working on my proportions. And so I had to, you know, implement a little fast and just to make up for the star days. It works, man. And you did it. Congratulations, Bartley. It's been a pleasure knowing you all these years. And hopefully we'll be continue to be friends. And you got to send me that T-shirt like that shirt. Oh, yeah. I got you wanting for sure. This is, uh, this is a good little tripling for you. So you like it. Congratulations on the pro car. Good luck, uh, and Puerto Rico. I should say good luck in the Bahamas next week at the Puerto Rico Pro. You'll keep us updated for now. They'll we are out of time on day polumba with Bartley Weaver for another installment of RX muscle profile.