Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X-Votes, our 30-year-to-row, and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry with the low-car capped art, we've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods, muscle in the morning. I'm Dave Palombo and today is Wednesday September 23, 2020, and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Ladies and gentlemen, it's Wednesday and full is officially here, and I can't think of a better way to welcome in my favorite season than kicking my day off right with an extra strong dose of recap Wednesday. We're starting things off today with the Hurricane Pro Championships and the classic physique division. We're Peter Scallow earned the biggest win of his career by taking home the title in both the open and master's divisions. In Bikini, second year pro Julie Lopez turned in the best show performance that landed her career win in numero uno, and at well deserved the Lempia Nod. In the master's Bikini, the dangerous one Abby Guy Tono came in and delivered the goods as she crews to an easy win, and finally wrapping up our coverage here with wins in the over 40 and over 50 master's bodybuilding is the powerful Jeff Wilkinson. Now we're moving on to the great state of Texas where once again, the beautiful city of Dallas played host to the classic physique division at this year's heart of Texas pro and bringing on the top honors was the Ageless Wonder Lorenzo Jones in the master's division, who added another win to his already impressive resume, coming in second was San Antonio native Scott Traut and rounding out the top three was veteran Aaron Sparinberg, who put together the best overall look of his career to close out of their solid top three group. Our final recap from the last weekend came from the other side of the Pacific where we had some competitive action in classic physique and bikini at the Asian Grand Prix pro. In classic physique, Stjong Jung Heng did enough to separate himself from the pack and punches take it to the Olympia by locking up his first career win. A strong performance from Jung Choi helped him secure the runner up spot and closing out the top three with a solid performance was Pungi Lee in the bikini division it was all about high-quung fun who stole the show here by putting together the best overall look of her career. Bola Cio slid into the runner up spot with her strong performance and closing out the top three was local product, St. King. Finally, we're closing out today's show with one last bit of news on the competition front. Following the announcement by NPC and IFVV officials that this year's NPC Junior Nationals were officially being postponed until 2021 in light of the news and PC officials didn't ask that they are still a handful of pro qualifiers left on the schedule this year. In the NPC team universe, the NPC Nationals in December along with the 2020 USA Championships in Amateur Olympia, anyone who's followed the Junior National Circuit over the years, I'm sure this announcement was probably pretty disappointing. But given the circumstances, I think the officials have done a great job behind the scenes trying to make sure that these athletes have opportunities to put themselves out there and compete for a pro card. Even though this announcement is somewhat bittersweet, things do seem to be trending in the right direction, and I'm hopeful by this time next year, things will be back to normal. And we'll have all of these big events back up and running once again. And that does it for yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning on the Palombo Reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.