It's going to be a cut. This is a controversial answer, but it is true. But the most hardcore place I've ever trained were the guys who are the most focused on training that's really it was when I was in jail, believe it or not. And we trained outside. There was a canopy over us and we trained either a 90 degree heat or it was freezing cold. I was there for six months. It was like five months. It was, I got both seasons. And then those guys trained hardcore. I don't think anyone trained harder than that anywhere I've gone. But in a conventional gym setting, I would say that first of all nothing can inspire you more than Golgjim, Venice back in the 90s. I mean, that place was like, even now it's still got great energy. But back then there was so many superstars there. I mean, if you couldn't get a good work out there and push your hardest, there was something wrong with you. Having said that on a regular basis where I trained, where I threw at the hardest core, atmosphere always was best for it's a powerhouse gym. And that's just because there were so many good people there and even the regular guys who trained there, all trained like they were, and no one can, most of them didn't compete. But they all trained as they'll be worth. So you couldn't just like, whip out and do a bad work out there because everyone's watching everyone in all times there. So on a regular basis, that was a very motivating atmosphere. Now I've gone to gyms where I've had really hardcore workouts like sporadically throughout, you know, my old Metro Flex gym, I mean, come on, you can't, that one's great. I went to the Metro Flex without in, where was it in Arizona was really, really hardcore. I've been at mid city gym in Manhattan, downstairs in the basement. I mean, that place, legends, Arnold used to train there. It literally, you walk down these steps, you think you're going into hell basically. And as these little rooms, it looks like someone dug up out with a shovel. Those ceilings are really low and they're super hardcore equipment. All the guys are hardcore. It's like, it's a sweat, it's like a sweat shop and there. But you know what, you get a great workout. 19th Street gym in Manhattan was really great. I never was at Johnny Latsby, heard that was a very good gym too. I used to train to place Metro, fit, not Metro Flex, Metro, fit up in a, a pellum manner, up in Westchester, back in the 90s. There was a enormous amount of bodybuilders who went through that to a bottom brush can used to go there and take pictures of people in that place. I actually worked there for a little while too. There's been a lot, I mean, strong, shapely gym back in the day when Bob was in his hey, day, you know, that was a great gym. Dear Park Gold Gym was great. I really used to know all the good hardcore places that I went there. But like on a regular basis where I train, Beth Francis probably the best place. If I lived in California, obviously I would have been a gold vendingist because the energy there was electric too. It's good. I ain't the pro. I got to mention also Tony Dardy's gym, 247 in Melbourne. Super hardcore. I love that gym. I really do.