10 and 9 You're my and I'm a group There ready for two guys who can't handle the truth The truth you can't handle the true word we can't be Lumball Chris Asito Orange Russell dot com presents Every muscle Leave your watch out Welcome to another episode of heavy muscle Radio I'm Dave Palumba when I'm joined as always by the technician on this August 20th 2018 evening and Chris We are closer and closer to the Olympia I actually booked my plane tickets which is a true sign of commitment on my part because I was having trouble I kept having trouble pulling the trigger on it and I finally did it. I booked the tickets I'm glad Yeah, yeah, so I will be out there Is it true that you're going out a week early I'm going out tomorrow I'm going out a week early because I just want to get away from my kids And then I just want to get settled a little bit there too Well, you know what the funny thing is I gotta just tell people this because this is true I always talk to your guys and you know when I interview the math today when the show is And I'm like we talk about Chris and they're like oh Chris Chris loves this you know every three hours we pose around a clock Chris just sleeps on my couch I said I don't even know why Chris gets ruined He'd much much happier on the couch No, you probably talked to Sergio this week Yeah, I did And Sergio said you know And he did the show he didn't do the show on a whim But he ate and you get the scoop and I talked about last week he ate like the maniac in Chicago And then at some point I forced him to do the show not forced him but I just put pressure on him to do the show And then he goes like well you know I get a two bedroom place for me and you wouldn't tamp on him like Oh God you better look good. I'm thinking in the back of my mind Sure But I did I was like I'm like you know Like a tech you know all right Let me see what you looked like Sergio let me look you know and he really only came together to like the last while And Sergio is really needy anyway, so he likes the fact that every three hours you probably haven't get enough you know I would be like can you leave me the fuck alone let me sleep already you know I don't want to get up every three hours Sergio is like probably right you know setting his alarm You know he's up every the very Chris let's pose come on. Well, no I don't have to get him up But we did joke a lot the whole I don't know if he told you that we we joked around the whole entire time I guess his humor And I think people don't some people don't get his humor, but as long as I get it Yeah, well, we have this you know we have this whole redcon this whole redcon Iron Road to the Olympia series that's starting you know today And I don't know who's going to be up first, but we did a bunch of interviews already and Sergio was great I mean he's he's you know what the funny thing is you guys stated that to bedroom apartment or whatever you say which is completely reminiscent of what you did with Sadrick and in Brazil that year that he must have competitors meeting in Lee Thompson to Squalf item and the same exact thing happened in Tampa I know that's that's what she claims is because he was sick. I mean it told Tim Gardner better, but the bottom I see And that is luckily though luckily there was there was normal people running the show this time around so no one to scroll find him that It was like days you have to all over again. It's a yo-yo barrow would say yeah, it was a huge but it was a blast we had a blast So you interview him who said you got interview these are the guys I'm helping for the show because people asking Jose Come all Zane in the 2012 hope you get all those three Sergio and Rodin in the open Well, Rodin wrote and sent me pictures unsolicited the other day of himself Oh, I was pretty proud of the way he looks. Yeah, which him any and I've never seen Rodin release a picture before the Olympic which is a good sign Because it four weeks out if he's sending me a picture which he said I can definitely put up which we did Ah, you know, he's he's got to be feeling good about himself, which is for once rather than playing catch up and trying to like you know Fix stuff that's broken. He seems to be ahead of schedule Well, I don't know if he's ahead but he's on and you know last year was like a panic prep and You know, and I mean it is what it is, but I would I can't wait for the Olympia because I think he's going to be big and I think he's going to be hard You know people don't talk about the fact that Sean Rodin is not Thirty years old, you know, he's in his 40s, right? I mean, I don't know what how 40 what but he's still improving. It's kind of amazing when you think about it This guy is still getting better, you know, in his 40s and is looking better every year. I'm you know, I'm impressed because guys don't improve it 40s usually Yeah, no, he's he's he's I mean some people can some people can't and why I mean who improves and I mean Dexter's not improving. He might be just as good But he's not improving who improve well, we'll see the day of the show, you know, but I'm saying who improves in their 40s though no one really nowadays They just kind of if they last then they they pretty much maintain what they have, you know, that's true. That's true. So And then so before I forget because I know I'm will forget I got Reagan I already forgot Henry Pierre and Stanimal in the in the in the black So you got it. Yeah, you got a good group of guys up there. Yeah, so I can't be in every room every three hours, but I can be in every six hours Why is Jose when I interviewed him I said Jose where are you staying? He says it the same place every year Well, I thought he was going to say he was staying at the platinum with you, but he's like no, I'm staying in the free room in the in the warlands Yeah, but he stays he upgrades to the to the penthouse. Oh, he does he didn't tell me. So he gets like a 1500 square foot place Oh, I didn't know that I thought he was just like gigantic yeah I thought he was a compromising. I was like, wow, that's pretty impressive. He's staying in the warlands. I think that's pretty you know blue collar I like it. Well, he might be the only one who knows that. I think like Robin Chang get some the free room Right, or AMI whoever gets the free room and then Jose like 365 three days before Calls up and says, you know, I would like to upgrade and they said it's like another hundred dollars upgrade. Oh, that's that's cheap. Yeah That's a good idea actually I'll go hang out in Jose's room. Maybe he's got an extra room in that suite of his Yeah, no, it's a place to ask of the whole time of there. Oh, he's always about all laughs Well anyone out at there has an extra room with the world leans. I'm going to check it through that little place you told me about I think anyone has an extra room with the world leans. Let me know about it. And then what anyone knows the name of the sweets. There's a hotel that is like quote all sweets And it's in the parking lot of the Rolling so tell then email Dave and tell them the name of that hotel. I'll take the regular room and it's anyone's I don't care. I'm not I'm not going I'm just going to work. So I'm not going to a park. I don't care. I'll take whatever the cheap. Well you'd be there with me. So we'll have a glass broadcast. Oh, you'd be great. Yeah. So you started the red con road to the Olympia. Red con one. Yeah. Iron roads to the Olympia was a lot of interviews this week. I got a lot of coming a lot more coming up And we're going to try to get as many good interviews as possible with people to really kind of look no one's promoting the show. You notice this? I mean it's like we don't see any any You know really excitement coming out in the show. Isn't it funny in it funny? I don't know. It's good. The child back to the show. It's bad for the show because I mean you want to get people excited about it, right? You know what it doesn't It's just yeah, there doesn't seem to be a lot of you know who's quote is that. See if you can attribute that quote that that quote is Strongly attributed two years ago to who who was on your show. What was it? Yeah. It doesn't seem to be a lot of excitement building for the Olympia. I remember like verbatim because most of everything he says And yes, you listen to the show is 100% dead on he said well Dave, you know, there's not really a lot of excitement right now for this show. Yeah, I just didn't do the actually it. Well, you know it the show is there's excitement in the fans But it just seems like anyone is promoting like the show very much So I'm going to obviously up every year we try to do it. We promote the hell out of it. We really you know try to get the athletes. I want to get the look these guys have earned and the girls have earned the right To be on that stage, you know wasn't an invite. It wasn't you know choice. It was it was it was the qualification And so they should be at least be acknowledged for that and allow them to like say hey this is how I feel you know going to the Olympia. You know I'm excited or I'm this or I'm that or it means this to me or that to me And you know I just think that you know because a lot think about only the winners of the top top guys are going to really be acknowledged once they're at the show It's you know so before the show I think these these other people that qualify and have names in their industry and that you know Really need to be acknowledged. I'm I'm looking at my computer screen and I see these pen marks all of my computer screen my son was writing with a pen I'm like computer screen. What the hell is this? And I remember he was taking the pen and writing his new thing is he's he likes to write on everything Well come to my house so you can see like the most gorgeous Absolute fabulous lay formally fabulous love the couch just ripped into tatters. Oh real made a strike the couch. How did he do that? I had my oldest son was a picker In other words he would take his fingernail and and just ever since he was one just like pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick a thing We don't He would scratch things with the thing I got a hole in the drywall in my dad that I've never fixed Wow, and that's the picking and picking yeah, well even to this day I'll scream stop picking you know he'll be like sitting in the car And what is like a nervous habit I don't know what is it a little second dog that digs on you know, oh my god That's what I mean with the ficken hell and it and he you know I got 10,000 holes fixed in apartments and my own house. I got a hole right in the den And then and then leather couch that you would have loved it. You would have loved it And had you seen it when it was in it's a I'm sure it was probably like when you were a bachelor probably was awesome I should donate it to the buy building the Hall of Fame and say it was like I Don't know Someone's couch when they prepped for the USA in 1988 It was Lee Haney's couch. Yeah, Louis Fregnows can open it that he used to open up tuna fish on first Why no, he's still got the same fucking one. He's probably still using it Well, we could get a replica artist tradition. Well, I got to just tell people when you when that I don't know what they were releasing the Jose Raymond interview, but If you guys missed that one you're missing probably one of the best interviews A ball time and the reason is that we don't really talk about the Olympia that much. I mean we do it a little bit, but it's about Jose's life And a lot I guarantee you 99% of you don't know anything about Jose and where he came from and the obstacles that he overcame I didn't and it's an unbelievable story about what his brother Tito and him had to endure growing up And I'm not going to run if you watch the interview Surgey, of course, of course was amazing He's a Hey, if you ever want to have a good grade in Georgia, just have Sergio on because he'll talk about anything this guy He's so honest it was really maybe maybe we can get me I told you I was watching a minute land or my in-laws for a week And I've been watching family feud over and over so maybe we can get for the bodybuilding family feud me you Sergio Jose who else could be catch The whole thing about family feud is it's one family against another so I know but we'll have to have the bodybuilding family Nobody gets like the well, maybe we can family we'd have to get like the RX fan RX muscle family versus the you know I don't know and get to it Somebody's empty family can have black men in their run Harris they can only have two people no would be black men It would be a lease you had a lease and there to right because black they always right don't you usually have like the the the the head of the family And then they have like this wife and then they have like kids And then the married to married like some of you like black men a lease then maybe like Ron Harris and Even though he's a work for the maybe I would want to put Christian Duke in there. Just just to have it like the other you know the Yeah, be good for you know the crazy uncool you know that he'd be like the crazy cookie uncool And so you would be the head on our side They'd have the the Boston Terrier you know bulldog whatever the French bulldog who's got the legs don't work real legs don't work They'd be like the the last person in the crew there and then on our side would be me you Romano Lee priest and Boston Lloyd well wait a minute. What about what about the guy with the exploding arms from a way right out Value we got to you Valentina when there's a Valentina people it might be the craziest rated choice And the first round you know you always have like the first person on the on the panel it would be like black men versus me and they'd be like name a name a name That we have that we use in the industry for shredded Glutius max and muscles Hi Well yeah, I was not right who was it? No, it was like it was a term and I said Stry it in I see someone answer thing I mean I did just like him. I went right there Didn't listen to the question and then we got a crush you'd be the second person and name for a For ripped or excuse me for a super lean glutius max muscles Shredded net number two answer thing thing and end of it. We get the whole thing Next question then it would be like a least verse you name a popular Body building Guru Always my husband Steve Blackman Krissacena Gilles Alice I just got I love her Boston Lloyd Honey Robb honey Ramrod Naming I have to organize the whole thing We could do like could be exclusively body building Triple H to be like the host of the thing you know yeah He could be the over to Dawson Yeah, French kiss all Each Can you imagine when he was to run the show right used to get ready to kiss him on the mouth right he's a make out like crazy with Like high as a kite Was he think he was drunk all the time? Oh half the time. Yeah That without a doubt and they loved them people are ready no one said anything I never heard of like a bad word about that guy right no scandal That was there was before the me two movement Everyone on the show for like 20 years That's how Bob Barker I think we had to get off the show I think he also like had issues with like Making moves on though. Oh, he did yeah, yeah, I think you're right and then what's his name was packed well and a path subject in didn't He had it. I think he had a Relationship with that a way but I don't think that he was sexually harassing any of the women on that. I think about when you work with someone every single day We could also do bodybuilding 20,000 dollar pyramid Yeah, I know a pass word what was that it's 20,000 dollars 20,000 dollars was the same thing right? That's the fun game. Yeah, we have to like and they Scipient eight that's not so long acting Just a testosterone that people use you know you all who likes their rights Clent Fyright TNP Cardio things that burn calories Oh, man Well, we did a And I it was supposed to be an iron rage because we do iron rage every week with Lee prace and Ramada But Boston Lloyd wanted to do this show on veganism and just sick of hearing about all these vegan people So I turned to like a little iron debate Boston Lloyd Lee priest and Ramana Well, it'll be released this week Oh, it's great funny. I'm gonna have that pain in the S The vegan gains now on my fucking case after this freaking thing they abuse Yeah, I'm teed he's gonna be fucking making videos and torture me again I just got rid of him too recently and then Oh, vegan gains because they're gonna be like, you know, he's gonna he has he needs material all the time He's gonna be great material forever What was the deep deep is he ended the impression that we can't be you know you can't be a vegetables build muscle No, you can't there's no if you can't be a big body and there's no successful body But on the history to support there was a true vegan You know, I'm gonna backtrack somebody asked me about vegetable protein today And I had a funny text back. Oh, I deleted him because I got mad at him I had a few clients that are vegan but they're bikini competitors You know, that's fine because you don't need a lot of muscle in bikini But you just can't build muscle, you know, and then one of the greatest things you know, Connelly Stock to Scott Connelly is one of my mentors Um, made a great statement, you know, the mountain gorilla is a vegetarian, you know, it's leaves all day long, right But from the minute it wakes up to the minute it goes to sleep at night, it eats, it eats, it doesn't stop Because it can't, it has to consume such large quantities of these leaves to extract enough protein To be able to sustain itself That it's almost, you know, no human could do that, you know, it would be impossible Why we evolved as, as I'm the voice to be able to eat both, you know, animal protein And plant protein because If, if some of it If, how about this? Because I hate science Uh, if somebody was gonna be a good bodybuilder, he didn't A strict vegetarian diet we would have known about not him but them by now. Simple as that. We would have known about him. It would have been like, did you see Jose Raymond? He looks crazy. Yeah, he doesn't need any protein. What do you mean? He eats tomatoes and he compliments him with kidney beans and rice and... Right. It's just... Well, the oldest story in our industry about vegetarian was everyone always said Andre's calling was a vegetarian and he looked pretty good right and his head was still looking good. And then I interviewed him at the Master's Nascals if you remember one year. And Master's Olympic excuse me when the jerk, I think the first year she held it was something like that. And I asked him, I said, do you or vegetarian? I said, you know, how did you do it? And he's like, oh yeah, he wasn't a vegetarian. He ate fish and daryl. So he just didn't eat red meat. And that's back then in the 80s and 90s. And that's what people call the vegetarian, right? If you didn't eat red meat, you were vegetarian. You know? But veganism is when you don't eat any animal, so we're super, you know, weigh, dairy, eggs. Oh, the guys up the guys are like investment guy. And I said, he asked me what he had to do. What do you think about vegetarianism for building mass? And I said, it's like junk bonds. And he got it. I mean, meaning bonds that are really going to eventually be worth this probably most likely highly, highly, highly, highly, highly, likely not much. Yeah. So he got it. I have this, you know, appreciate this expression. I was like, I was like, expressions. Because I grew up, you know, with my mother's side was Jewish and my dad, obviously, you know, there were Catholic Italians. And the dough is expressed in the tanyning expressions, always being thrown around my father's still like the, always say, fun, go, fun, go. I know, you know what's so funny, Dave? My, my, I used to have that in my house. Are you ready to? Yeah. And one time, I tried it out. And I didn't know anyone was in the house. I had to be like six. And I know exactly in my house where I was standing. And you know, I have a crappy memory in Los Angeles. And I screamed at the top of my lungs. Bungu, I didn't know anyone was in the house. My mother was in the back. I didn't. She came, she came flying out and covered my mouth with a wet cloth. And I didn't even put what was and what it was. Yeah. Fungu, yeah. And then you know, well, the, you had to expressions from the, you know, right by Jewish side. How was I always hearing? So I have a client who's, she's Mexican. She's a woman's physique competitor. And she, she sent me an email. She's like, I'm feeling, let me see if I could be expression right. Gordi Guanga, she said, Gordi Guanga, she kept saying to me. And I said, what does it mean? She's like, chubby and flatty. She's like, I'm not really sure how to translate as English. Because it was like right after her show and she kind of was revounding, you know, and I thought it was pretty funny. Gordi Guanga. Gordi Guanga, I got to get all started using it and wrap up. She looked good by head a little Gordi Guanga in this law. She did like that. Now there was an article that came out recently. It's, I'm so excited to make. Actually, I think it was, what's his name? Dr. Dr. George, who we interviewed. And it's a study they did, which seems to link, Chris, it's pretty crazy. All-Signarist disease and the use of trend below. Are you kidding? Yeah. How many people could they be in the study? I can't believe that they actually were able to do this study. But yeah, they are saying that I'm going to read it right here. Testosteron and its metabolites, estridial and DHT seem to offer protection against Alzheimer's. That's why my new wondered, I guess those are the researchers, what effect trend below has on the formation of beta-amoloid plaques. Now, you get a memory. And people with Alzheimer's, they don't break down this amoloid beta-42. It's called, it's some kind of a protein. And people with Alzheimer's, it accumulates in the brain. And they think that's what it takes away the memory and destroys the brain eventually. And when they do an autopsy on Alzheimer's patients after they die, they find there's a lot of this amoloid plaques in the brain. So what they do is they gave my five injections of tremble on over 48-hour period. Human equivalent of doses the researchers used would be about 0.85 milligrams per kilogram. So the way I figured out is I figured, let's take a 200 kilogram person, right, without the about, 100 kilogram person, which would be about 220 pounds. That would mean they would be taking about 850 milligrams of tremble on. So it's a pretty big dose over the course of 48 hours, but nothing probably Boston White hasn't done already. And according to the researchers, the results, the amoloid beta-42 accumulated in the brains of the male rats, and they showed the, I guess the results of this 48-hour period. Now, obviously this was a short-term study, so who knows if it really has anything to any relevance to anything. And this was in rats too. Yep. The addition of anti-angirgines such as fluidamine, reduced the amoloid beta-42 accumulation. So brain damage caused by tremble and seems to be due to its angogenic effects according to this. A combination of tremble on in DHT, which is 100 to the soft runoff, boost the accumulation of beta amolids, that's I could. So who knows? I don't know. I doubt it's going to stop anyone from taking tremble on, but I don't know. I don't even know if it has any relevance. Because I don't like these short-term studies. How about take a guy who's used tremble in for 10 years and check out his brain? You know what I mean? Let's see if there's any, the problem with beta amolids is it's really hard to see if it's actually in your brain until you actually die and they actually cut your brain open. So you think you do MRI studies to see and stuff like that. I remember my dad was in the hospital probably about five years ago, I think it was maybe even a little less. And they did a CAT scan of his brain and they said that they didn't really see any like Alzheimer's type stuff there. They just sort of shrinkage that was consistent with his age. So he obviously had dementia, but I don't know. It could have just been from getting old. I don't know if he actually had Alzheimer's per se. Yeah, it's funny. I tell my 40-year-old, he won't need to send me the other day. I wrote a few weeks ago. I said, if you don't eat, your brain is going to shrink. And now he keeps saying, he'll ask me if I tell him. He eats something. He said, you always says, pull my brain shrink. They kids listen to everything because they don't eat. Yeah, they kick it. Yeah, that's right. He's exactly as it is. His brain's going to shrink. So I had to go to the more big job of having to go pick up my dad's ashes at the creamatorium. How weird is that when you walk out of it? I have to turn, I know my dad would want me to talk about the absurdity of this because it really is absurd. You walk into this place, you know, they give you this little bag. It's always a nice place because you're paying fortune for this anyway. You give it this bag and it's like walking out and putting my dad in the trunk of my car. It's kind of like ridiculous almost. And you know what the truth is? What the hell knows when you really got in the bag anyway? Well, they give you a bag of dust. It could be anything in there or anyone. Basically, I'm paying to have my dad, you know, basically just, you know, gotten rid of essentially. It's like when you go to, I can't have had to put an animal down in it. That, you know, they say, how do you want to do it with the animal? You can bury it or you can cremated or we can do it. What do I, what am I supposed to do with it? I don't know. I don't know. What do you want me to tell you? Well, separately, you want to do it in a mass cream. What the hell are they right now? What's the person's not there anymore? What's an animal's not there anymore? What's that person? That person is not there. That's talking about, you know, throwing in a garbage bag and just throwing in the freaking trash. You want to hear crazy story about burials? Yeah. My grandmother, from Italy. She was dying. Since I was a kid. She was just a martyr. But she'd always tell me, you know, she was getting ready to die, getting ready to die. She had in her kitchen. She was a receipt for her burial. Oh, she already paid for it. She paid for she prepaid for it. And it was one of these things. You know, she paid for it when she was like 40. Seriously. And she lasted about 80. It's just 93. 93. And she still had to receive. Was the place to open? She still had the receipt. And she was in her kitchen. And, you know, it was like this, you know, rig and were all when you went over there. And she's, I'm not feeling good and if I die. Yes, the receipt. So one has to worry about me. I'm not going to be a burden for anyone. There's it. So she helped everyone out of the way. Yeah, she died. And the funeral director pulled my father aside and said, I gave him a bill. How long do you think it took before my father started to choke the guy? Seriously. Oh, really? Like two seconds. That he had the audacity to, you know, pull over. You know, because he thought it was, you know, quote, not the right time. But two, that he should know that, which I was actually an agreement that she had prepaid. Now, did they try to hit him with, like, actually, your father get extra drugs? No, no, no, once once a guy almost got choked to death. That was the end of it, yeah. That was the end of it. It would have been complimentary even if he had never paid. I'm sure. Very skid. To almost, you know, almost in just own grades. Yeah. So I decided I was going to go every year they have, like, this big reptile breeder show and they're toe in a Florida. And I haven't gone out to a show in a while because of, you know, the kids and everything like that. And it's just I can't go flying in place. So last year I wanted to go, but I had my shoulder surgery so I couldn't drive. And so, Amanda said, yeah, I can go to the day. So I took a Tyler, the producer, and we did the O'Cammer. And I went in and interviewed people. It was like a four hour drive. And so I got up really early. I had like three hours. I was just like, and I said, you know what, I got a drink coffee because I'm not full I'm sleeping at the wheel. You know what I mean? It's the drug. Except the bull. And I don't do any stimulants. When you don't do stimulants in your drink coffee, I had one cup. You feel like you're on, you know, you're on, yeah, you feel like you're like on the greatest speed of all time. It works so well when you don't use it. So I was like, it was like instantaneously not tired anymore. And I did the same. Another cup on the way back. And it was phenomenal. I was like, so finally when I got back, obviously, I still had answer emails. I got back about eating clock at night. Because it was four hours there, four hours back. And we stayed for about four hours. So I get back and I'm go to sleep maybe two in the morning. I'm answering emails and I don't even know what I'm writing anymore. You know how when you get to that, you that level of tired. You're like almost like sleep while you're awake. You're dreaming, but you're not really asleep yet. So I'm like, I gotta go to sleep. So I go to sleep and I have like the, yeah, I slept like maybe six, six hours, which is five or six hours, which is not probably out of six hours, which is more than I've had, you know, in like in probably six months. And I felt so, I felt so alert the whole day. I was like, wow, I actually feel like I actually, I'm my memory was better and everything. I'm like, maybe I feel like I'm turning it to my dad, because I'm not sleeping at all. And I really believe that to be true because, you know, they say sleep is really necessary to solidify memory. So if you don't sleep, all the memories that you're getting, that you're not making them permanent memories of your brain actually. It's pretty interesting when you think about it. Yeah, it's fascinating. And I'm sure it's true, which is probably why I have no memory. Yes, absolutely. You never sleep. Yeah, you haven't slept for 20 years, probably. What about, um, do you sleep better when you're awake from your family? Oh, absolutely. Yeah. You better cut the tape there so your family don't hear it. Yeah, yeah, probably. No, it's true though. It's true, right? When you're like, I went down to the camper and I got no sleep on top of those sleep and I felt completely rested from that trip. Yeah. Because I was away from like, you know, like, could, you know, chaos of chaos. You don't want to get the best sleep of my entire life. When I, when I, when I flew to Australia, I knew you didn't say that. I slept for 17 hours. I just kept taking it's anx. I woke up when I got there. I was so alert. I was like, I felt like I was like, Albert Einstein. I was so smart. I felt so row rested, you know. Now obviously, sleep is not that good because you're sitting in a seat. But when, if you, you don't even have the quality of sleep. Yeah, yeah. 17 hours of sleep, you're going to be fucking rested no matter what. Exactly. Exactly. Study published in the British medical journal. I feel like we're going to have a British medical journal of January 2012 has concluded that age-related cognitive decline begins much earlier than expected by our mid-40s. Oh, I totally believe that. Even more distressing this decline can progress in very unpredictable rates. Scientists have identified that a seat of calling, a keen or a transmitter, is responsible for forming new connections and strengthening neural pathways in the brain. In other words, it keeps your mind sharp. However, persistently, low levels of this key neurotransmitter places you're at risk. So we've got to try to boost our acetyl-colym levels. How do you do that? I'm progressing on the article here. Can I just take a supplement? Yes, that's what I'm looking for here. I think I thought even taking a little story left for me was good for acetyl-colymboosting. I got those people looking, I'm getting reading. Unfortunately most of us levels of acetyl-colym decrease as we age, especially more rapidly after 45. You and I are screwed, Chris. We're really in big trouble. Oh my god. What does it say here? Let me say. I take you guys what's up, man. Helps. I used to know everything when it came to that stuff, but I told you I gave up on science. I'm serious. Chris doesn't know anything. Right? Is that what people say? Chris doesn't know anything. Yeah, they do say that. They say he's not a science guy and I say, no, I'm not. Right? I'm looking for the, Oh, you know what, yeah, you know what it was? It was a big one in Ginko, Belova. That was a big, that's been big for years, right? Is that still big? What they're saying increases your acetyl-colymboosts. Alpha GPC, Lions name, or Ginko, Belova, Couparizing. Oh, that's one of the ingredients I'm thinking about putting in my new neuralized form. Right there. Hmm. I've been taking lately the only supplement of taking is turmeric. Two marks good for reducing inflammation. Yeah, very good. I think this is inflammation in the brain and helps remember. Oh, it does. I'm taking that, too. The good thing is I'm remembering to take it. Actually, I'm taking coke here, man. I think it has not the same thing. Yeah, this is the same thing. Yeah. It's crazy. It's crazy when you hit a certain age, you don't even care about your body. You might just want your brain to keep working. You're like, alright, you know what my body has failed. Let's just keep the brain working. Let's keep, let's just make sure my brain keeps working for the next 50 years. Well, I'm alive. That's the most important. Freshhold, you lowering the bar. Pretty soon people will be injecting stem cells into their brain. And try to regenerate stuff. Of course. Speaking of which, John Lindsay and his crew, all of the world. They did a show in Ireland's here. They did a show in Brazil. It was at last week of the week before that. Now they are in Vietnam this weekend. This past weekend. They did a pro-men's physique showing Vietnam. And Mardi Shara thought from Marina Del Reykjav, 21. Congratulations. It's good. We were just talking about, we should see more USA guys going out to. Yeah, you did say that. You can see these, these shows in weird places. Yeah, yeah, they were. No, someone, yeah, someone I'm helping first show. I think he could have won a few of these shows. I mean, he didn't have the money to really travel to. Right. But these are remember when they can qualify as a for next year, then after this year's Olympia. Second place was Mohammed Kashnaki from Iran. I believe the Kamali was helping this guy. And Juan Farrow from Spain and Mr. You know, it's funny. Kamali's been sending me all these text messages. Let me pull up. He's got some guys. He's been helping it really pretty frequently. Good. I got to tell you. Or he doesn't, he's not helping the mob. He at least knows these guys from around these. It's a shame. It's a shame these guys can't come over and compete in the US because there's a lot of freaking good Iranian guys. You know, if I can remember Jay's quote by saying, who said on your show, you know, there's not a lot of hype running into this year's Olympia. Kamali did say these guys are a dime. It doesn't over there. I was there. Yeah. Right. You know, they're all doing these, the European tour. These guys, that's what they're waiting for now. So that's like they're Olympia. You know, they're doing the Prague show. So they're doing all the overseas shows because they can, they can be making other, I guess. Isn't it funny that we, we boycott all these people in the R allies, let them all into the country? It's pretty funny. Unbelievable. Well, congratulations to John Lindsay and this grum. It's kind of cool to know that we're spread all over the place now. John's cool because what John does is he goes in the whole museum to show us all the place, which is why you make your money. Then he holds one division pro show. Usually a bikini remains physique. Just to kind of showcase the pro division at the show. Because it's, it's expensive to hold the pro division because you have to surprise money out, you know, and you're not getting an application fee from these guys. So rather than hold 15 different visions, he holds one at the studio shows. Get the people of Vietnam say, hey, here's a pro athletes on stage. And but the amateur show is what really what you're nurturing because that's we make your money and that's, you know, that's, hey, spread the word, so to speak. So I thought it was, there was a good idea. And I never did. I don't know how to do it. When you like to go to Vietnam? I wouldn't mind going there. Yeah, but the food is probably good. I always think about whatever I decide where I'm going to go. I always think about the food. What's the food? It could be like. I think it's nice to you. Probably like all the snakes over there too. Oh, yeah, yeah, definitely you'll hurt me. That's for sure. Now, I'm trying to think, did we, did we like the food and prog or not when we went there? Um, no. Prog had, uh, crab meat food. Yeah, we can get, we can get a droid of prey that's coming on their food. If we could on a sore and he did not like pro. Yeah. Um, no, we didn't like the food. We were, we were intrigued. I wasn't treated very nice and pro. You remember? Well, they didn't get you. I just did. They wanted to ban you from the shower, right? I think they did. Well, they, the first year I got there. I remember I, I, we flew in there. Yeah, I got there. They like, they try to not give me a pet. Yeah, they try not to give you press passes. Yeah, because the next time I think they tried to ban me from our explosive, I'm just, he was Sean Road. Right. Yeah, yeah, that's right. So I go there. I asked for press passes and like, okay, I get there. They're like, oh, we know how many press passes. We don't know what you're talking about. Like, um, guys, um, I flew from New York to Prague. I have an email saying I have press passes. You think I'm really going to get on an airplane if I don't have press passes. And they were still pretending like, oh, we can't find it. I'm like, okay, luckily at the time, you know. Oh, good. Make one. Make one up. Right. It's not, it's not. I made a phone call. I was taking care of. But, uh, and then the following year, I requested them in that, and they didn't, they refused them or something like that. They said, well, we don't want to give them to you. I'm like, all right, right. So you already going there with, like I said, with Road and Road and how to take it from you. And then they try to tell you, you can't come in right. So I'm showing you. Like, like, you're like, uh, I'm not here to cover it for anyone. Yeah. Unbelievable. These places. Never, never ceases to make me. No, so where was the best food that we went to? This is a question. I'm going to be honest with you. I only spent one day there, but because I had to come back early because I tore my quibba. I had some good food in India. Now, I wasn't eating the native food. I was eating the hotel food, but the hotel food was authentic Indian food, but it was good quality Indian food. Mm-hmm. I don't, well, how do we, will you there? Did you go to India? Sure, I don't know. No, I don't. They had this, this is like right up your alley. 12 midnight. They opened this, like buffet or you can eat buffet for the, everyone. It's 12 midnight. Now, work great because I got there about 11 o'clock at night the first day. So I had this great buffet at midnight. I'm like, oh, this is fucking awesome. What a hotel is a freaking buffet. It was the greatest buffet of all time with the greatest foods it, like you've never seen on a regular basis. Yeah. And show it to chicken. Yeah. Yeah. So then I got up the next morning and then I went, Aaron and I went. I was going to be right there. And Sanger and we went out and did all this sight seeing. And then I went to the restaurant. And I went, I was going to go there. And Sanger and we went out and did all this sight seeing. And bought a bunch of stuff. Got back around five o'clock. I said, I'm going to go to the gym, which was the biggest mistake in my life. Aaron said, I'm going to go drink alcohol vodka. I'm like, yeah, see me. Yeah. He was so awesome. I should've gone and drank alcohol. I've got. I've still, I'd be to this day. What is it? Six years now later. I'm still nursing a torn cloth. So it's still not fixed. But as my wife pointed out, I would never have married my wife. So it all worked out for the best. All right. It was in the cards. See? I sacrificed my quad and I went up a beautiful wife and two wonderful kids. So it all, see it. It is a greater picture that we don't see sometimes because we're our heads are in the sand. But if we can only step outside of our body and look from a distance, we probably see the wisdom and everything that happens in our life. Well, it was hard to do. People are so busy with their phones. I'm serious. True. And it's true. I will definitely admit to being a victim of that myself. And for you know what the problem is? I'm a new two where slaves are our phone because it's part of our business. I know what I turn my off. You can't tell. You have a hundred million clients who text you all the time. I don't have that many one and then you can't tell. Yes, you do. Your clients all text you nonstop. I know they do. I know, but I text them like I turn my phone at like I tried turning on like three different times during the day. You know like seven to seven to nine. I don't believe it. I don't believe. Don't believe Cresse is mine. I'm just trying to get you in trouble with them. I know. I'm in a. I never answer my tone. In your your a serial text or tip like I try to just embarrass the answer to text message. Like I I'm the I'm the most succinct text you'll ever meet. You know, I never give too much information on text. No, it it irritates me sometimes when I give too many texts. But I I don't mind quick text and quick questions because that that can answer quickly. But when you know the over textures out there who just these guys are just in girls who just can't. Right what they want they have to write like 40 paragraphs. You know what? You got to learn to sink we've gone through this before you got to succinctly text. All right, there was another show also another John Lindsay show. Actually was just a John Lindsay show. Probably was. Let me say. Maybe not. Was the Pacific USA championships. Probecene. He. That was in San Diego, California. And Norman Oshrie wins congratulations and arm. She's she always manages to get away every single year. I don't know she doesn't it's pretty impressive. She's not a free to compete. That's why a lot of these top Olympic competitors whether be bikini or fitness or be. Women's physique or men's open or whatever. A lot of people once they hit the Olympia level that top six Olympia level. They don't compete that much anymore. She's always competing. That's why she always gets away every year. I think that more people need to compete. Speaking of competing, you know, I watched my wife's obviously as a form of gymnast. We were watching the US national women's gymnastics championships. And you know, Simone Biles, who's the, Rain and Gold, the gold medal, certainly Olympics there. She's like, I'll come back. She had taken off a year or two or whatever. I don't think she had done any very year. She came back and now she looks like a little body builder. You know, because she's maturing. She's in her 20s now and her physique is coming to its own. And she destroyed everyone. She's like the Ronnie Coleman of like women's gymnastics. Like no one can beat this girl. Like she can make mistakes. It doesn't even matter because the difficulty level for routines are so high that she still beats everyone by like, I think she won by the biggest margin ever or something like that in the history of the event. And I love watching. Don't you love to watch just prodigies like genetically. Oh yeah. It's like a Michael Jordan of gymnastics. Like people like that don't come around every often. When you watch them, it's just like wow, you know. People humans, there are people out there that are just meant to do certain things. And she's meant to be a gymnast. It's just incredible. Speaking of, Porta Chase, Tiger Woods, I think, is in the running for like a, a win this week. Or what happened with that? Oh, I don't know. We did a look it up. The thing I wanted to bring up about the gymnastics is, you know, you see all these. You know, you see all these these people do these gymnastics, you know, these women in gymnastics, and everything like that. And then they retire, right? And a lot of them teach gymnastics so they go on to try to do other stuff. But there's got to be a pretty big amount of these ladies and maybe the women's, the women's, they don't even make it to the Olympic level. They don't know what to do themselves after gymnastics. I don't know why they don't go into fitness competitions. Our fitness, the end of the sport is pretty sparse. It's not this good physique, but the talent pool in terms of running doing routines is not that good. This is like a perfect, you know, breeding round for awesome fitness competitors of the future. Let's get these ex-gimns to do this stuff. Because they want to go away the money is. Yeah, but you know what, most not everyone's in the money. In other words, the top 10 girls in the world may be make money. What about the other 600,000 that are out there that, you know, that are good, but they're just not good enough at the Olympic level. They would destroy it. Most of these girls would crush it in fitness competitions. Yeah. So I think we need to start doing some recruiting. And I say, we, I mean, the people that run the organization, not me. And I'm not many times who recruit. But there would be a good idea. Because it would give these girls a lot of these girls get heavy after they stop competing too, because they just don't eat right. Imagine transitioning from gymnastics, elite level gymnastics, into fitness, because now you're going to learn how to eat properly. You're going to work on your physique. You already got the skill set to do the routine. And it gives you the ability to showcase it. And another venue where people will really, really appreciate it. You know, and you could obviously, I think would extend your career. Because most gymnasts are done by the time that one. Yes, sometimes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You need a course, kind of like the guru course. Yeah. You need a. How to transition from gymnastics. Well, I'm putting the onus on the former fitness Olympic champions, like the Della Garcia's and the oxonic or sheenas and the Jenny, the Jennifer Hendashot and all those Suzy cars. Let all these former champions start to go, they're all former gymnast anyway. Let them go and talk to these gymnastics schools and get some of these girls. And let's get a mid to fitness routine. Man, it would revitalize that whole edge of the sport. And you know what? For the promoters out there who are wondering if it's worth it. You guys are going to make more money because you can get more applications. So it's 100% worth it for everyone to do it. And I pick it up. Don't when you think of like the fitness Olympia, like up. You know, if you have a lot, you know, gymness that we're actually stars into the gymnastics world that are now. It would it would only up the game. Yeah. Yeah. No, it would be, it would be cool. It would up the Ivy League game way. Yeah. You get way more coverage too because. Well, they would guess what, Mary Lou Redd. They would be complaining to their given money to the figure girls. Girls and girls and to the two 12s. Right. Mary Lou Redd. You picking the the most well, the Olga Corbett. Yeah. Yeah. How about a, or a naughty company. Nadiya, come in each. I just sorry. I didn't agree with that. Yes. She married Bart, Bart Conners. I think was he's, he was an Olympic goldmaster. Imagine their kids, homie, macro. I did a diet for her and golds like probably 30 years ago. Nadiya coming each. Yeah. I did it. And some golds she might forget. What she was trying to figure out what to do. She moved to LA. And she was trying to do like movies or something. Right. And she was like, it's not heavy, but heavy year. And whoever adds partners were in golds because that gave me that free office. Right. They brought her in and said, you know, put together a diet for her. That was I forget. She might have been with Bart Conner at the time. She had some people with her, you know, she had like a little small on to rise. How did it be fun? Was it? Yeah. Was that right after she defected? I can't remember when it, you know, it had to be like, I'll tell you the, I was 89. I'm saying that's, that's, that's, was that before after the wall came down. And that that was probably before it, right? It was what you were. Reagan was president from what 80 to 88. Yeah. I don't know if that's maybe because that's maybe to come down. Hmm. She must have been here a while. Tire Woods almost won the British Open. He didn't win the loss. But that saying that now he's like, game is back to where it was. So maybe he'll the next time he goes out there and plays. He was was was Valentina was a Valentino who had the best summary of what happened to Tiger Woods. His, his game lost when he stopped chasing chicks around all over the country. It's serious. He said Valentino made some analysis. He said, is it, I think it was Greg. Yeah. He said, isn't it coincidental or because might have been remodel. That the time it came out that he was like running around with hookers and, you know, high again call girls like every night of the week. Like the minute that came to a stop, his golf came suffered. I've come sure that's something. You can literally time it to the, you know, to like that incident. I believe it. And I think whoever was Romano or you, maybe it was, find out from Valentino. So see if he can, you know, Recomment on that. It was definitely, yeah, it was definitely. He said it was the endorphins, you know, you get these endorphins going and, you know, get some, some type of it made a hundred percent sense. Now, well, he was, he had a rembourse of Tiger Woods. It was, it was injured too. That's what it would have. He had a lot of injuries. Yeah. He had a re-learn his whole swing because his injuries. And now you imagine you have a swing your whole life. That's it. And then you have to redo it for your old. Yeah. I remember seeing him Dave on the, on the Mike Douglas show, if you remember, then Mike Douglas show. Yeah. I had to bend the mean 10 or something, 14. His father brought him out and Harry was, you know, they, was sitting in all the months. That's crazy. Yeah. Who would have thought? I would like you to get on the show. Serena Williams father. Yeah. He would be good interview, right? Oh, he'd be, he'd hit one up Sergio and Jose together. Imagine that the balls of that guy. Yeah. Because he, I'm going to teach Mike kids how to be play tennis. Even though they didn't, I don't know anything about tennis. I just read a book. Yep. That's it. And he did all these cookie little drills that nobody used to do in the day. And, you know, he had all kinds of crazy condition and drills that he came up with. He's kind of like, he's kind of like the Charles Glass of love. Yeah. He was the angle of the tennis. Well, you know, he come up with, you know, cookie things that people say that doesn't work, but it worked for it worked. He would make him like throw tennis rackets over the, over the top of the gates, you know. Yeah. To the whole time. And then, and then, and then finally, you know, when he finally relinquished, and they hired like the premier, the eminent greatest coach of all time, the girls went back to the father. Oh, they did. Yeah. They're like, well, you know, he's not pushing us like I father. Because the father was like, man, we got to make fun of Mike and Mike doing this. Yeah. Yeah. None of this like, like, enlighten it. Wait, we're going to work, man. We're going to sweat. We're not, we're not playing indoor tennis. We're playing out to our tennis. It's 100 degree heat. Oh, boy. That'll get you, and shave. It's kind of like the, yeah. You girls have a little bit too much fat in your ass. We're going to play in 100 degree heat fucking for four hours a day. You'll lose it. Don't worry about it. Oh, it's, it's, I mean, I'm sure, right? The girls have, quote, good genetics, but there's something to be said for, his crazy geniusness. Yeah. Remember when we were talking about the last show, I think it was the, um, we were trying to figure out what that pitch was. Remember the pitch was throughout where it's like, I saw up in the air. Yeah. The, the, the knuckle ball I said, It wasn't a knuckle ball pitch. It was like a loft like an, and then, a big, big looping pitch that these, these, these, some of these pitches through. It was like a couple people. It was like a blupping knuckle. Yeah. So, I, so one of our listeners. Listen up, so to Fred Flintstone, when Fred, you threw a clip like, Yeah. Well, whatever, one of our listeners sent me the, uh, a Wikipedia page that was, it was, it was showcases this. It's called the, it was called the Fist pitch. Uh, it's a very low speed junk pitch they call it. The delivery of the pitch has, the delivery from the pitch has a very low velocity. And usually catch catches the, a hit or off guard. Its invention is attributed to rip, rip C well of the Pittsburgh Pirates in the 1940s. Is there any video of it? Oh, yeah. I did, you can go on YouTube and check it out. Please send me the video of it. Yeah. The, the, the, the slow velocity. Yeah. Yeah. How do you throw a slow velocity pitch? It's thrown on overhand like most pitches, but characterized by a high unusual, arching trajectory. The corresponding slow velocity bears more resemblance to a slow pitch. Softball delivery than traditional baseball pitch. It's considered a trick pitch because in comparison to normal baseball pitches, which run around 70 to 100 miles per hour. An at this pitch appears to move in a slow, three miles per hour less. Sometimes it goes 40 miles per hour. For, you know, I, I can imagine pretty odd. You're up against the guy throwing 90 mile in all pitches, and then they bring in someone else who's throwing half that speed. Yeah, you wouldn't even know what, right? Here's a good, here's a good little tidbit on the helping. After appearing in over 300 Major League games, rip C well. He's the guy I'm in that to the pitch. He gave up only one career home run of the office pitch, and it was to Ted Williams at the 1946 All-Star game. Williams challenged C well to throw the office pitch at him. C well obliged and Williams fouled off the pitch. However, C well then announced that he would be, he was going to throw the pitch again, and there's a total of them for his good at it. And Williams clobbered it for a home run. Crazy. I think, I think, when the scribes and mechanics of the pitch and why he was able to succeed where others had failed, Williams remarked, this is the way asking Ted Williams how he hit it. He's like a little girl hit hit that pitch. But succeed where other failed, we're home. A little girl hit that pitch, but you had to provide all the power yourself. Years later, however, Williams admitted that he had been running towards the pitch to the pitchesman as he hit the ball, and in other words, he used his momentum. And the photograph revealed that he wasn't in fact a few feet in front of the batter's box when he made contact. Under rule 606, a special baseball roll. He pulled the fill he's. Yeah, a batter is right. You can add a lot to step out of the batter's box, so you technically was illegal. But the pitch, you can't hit the ball of the fence, because there's not enough momentum on the ball. Yeah, there's not, yeah, that's right. There's not enough speed coming in, but how do we get talk to all because somebody, because Sid is a softball. Right, we say we threw the offense, but Bob too, explain through that through it also, fill Negro through it a little bit. Well, I said don't you, right? I last week I did say anything. Yeah, he threw it a couple times. He didn't use a lot though. He was an echo ball of it. Yeah. Pedro Bourbon through the pitch. So you get Pedro, bro, you know the body of the Pedro Bourbon. The little freak, freak is like, he posted on his social media recently that he had a good, he was in kidney failure and his girlfriend gave him a kidney. Yeah, I saw, you know what I saw? I met him out in China, gold. The one day that I went out there to see Roden last year, when Roden was prepping for the Arnold. And I met him out in China, golds, and he told me that story. It was like, he's a great guy, man. You know what the weird thing is? I find it so fascinating that, you know, think about how hard it is to find a match for an organ. His girlfriend's a perfect match for him. Don longs wife was a perfect match for his kid. No, it was crazy. It's like, you're drawn to people like, you can write it. You, you blasted out in Indian, India, my wife. True, but it wasn't, it wasn't such a quasi-infector, but there it is. Black men said you over the other company, the kidney, right? Yeah, we'll settle in the wrong world. Yeah, click. They even look for organs for days. No one gets less, nothing. Oh, man. That's funny. Other nicknames for the F.S. pitch include the balloon ball, the blooper ball, the gondola, the parachute, the rainbow pitch distinct from the rainbow curve, gravity curve, the Monte Brewster. I reference to the titular character in Brewster's millions. Remember that? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And the bugs bunny curve, I reference to the 1946 bug's bunny cartoon, baseball bugs, which several bad as an eros swing three times at each pitch before the ball reaches the plate. Remember that? I remember it. I said it was Fred's limestone. Did he ever say it was the bug bug bunny? Yes, it was bug bug bunny. Yeah. This is a Wikipedia great. You can find everything online. It's amazing. I love it. I looked at Wikipedia and they confirmed that you mean you were going around the earth looking for kidneys and lipisperies. That's great. I love Wikipedia. The only more competing page is that accurate is mine. Because I have people who keep sabotaging them. Well, that's why I'm just why I'm bringing up the phone minutes of us running around because that would be something on it, right? Yeah. And you used to from 19 2000 and through 2014, Chris Oceito and Dave traveled to Brazil, Australia, you know, all the Eastern European countries looking for a kidney and were and heart for day and that's where Chris learned to throw the F.S. pitch. Yes. Which he then taught the Sid Ferrokey who used to know his softball leg and one of the championship I have and we was the best of the R.A. and the league. He never ends Chris and ever. Maybe maybe we could have a softball team and we could get Boston on it. Me on it. You want it Romano. We're all beat up. We could play like, you know, chair. I think even Sid's team could be that's probably. Sid's team could be. So he can be the star by team, right? It'd be the pitcher. Well, if he knows the, I'll throw that pitch. Nobody can hit it. We can have a good defense. You know, one of the things that drove me crazy about my shot bad shoulders is that I always hit to myself. I want to, you know, sucks that I have these terrible shoulders. I'm never going to be able to like throw a football or baseball my son and this is before I even had any kids. I was already planning this. I'm like, this, that's all I want to be able to do. You know, I don't even care if I can lift weights. I just want to be able to throw, you know, baseball and catch from my son. So I get my left shoulder done, right? And I'm right, right? So I can't really, I can actually do the throwing motion with my left arm, but I have no coordination, of course. But I can catch a ball. I don't have any pain in my left shoulder. So now I'm thinking, you know, because the next, over the next couple of months I got to get this right shoulder done. We're just trying to figure out the right time. I'm like, I might actually be able to throw a baseball at some point in the future, which is, which is, which is an amazing thing, which, a matter of fact, I was actually pitching with my right. My right arm is, is, is brutally painful to shoulder, and I wanted to, my wife said, you don't have a throat of a pitch. I'm like, I'm telling you, I'm not a pitcher, based on my father was a catcher at a very high level. When he was, when I was a kid, he used to have me pitch to him. She said, you don't remember that pitch. I'm like, I could pitch. Yeah. But I was pitching pine cones into my canal, my backyard there into the river at the time of my house. I was brutally painful, but I wanted to just prove to her, I can throw the ball, you know, I could throw it. So even through the pain, I grit and barred it, and I threw these pine cones. I threw like about five or six pitches. My son was loving it. And she's like, what do you can pitch? So, that's my goal to get my shoulder. That took a pitch to my son and throw a football to him. Overhand, as opposed to underhand. Yeah. It's funny. I just just throw a bite. I just throw through a neighborhood in Maine. And I saw on this one street, three different fathers playing past with their sons. You don't see that much anymore. No, you don't. I want to be able to do that. You know, my dad did that with me, but my dad was very involved when I was younger, you know, with sports. He didn't really understand soccer too much, because he never played it. But he went to all my games, but he listened to police to throw the football in the back. It's funny. We throw a football in the backyard together. We throw baseball in the play and he those sports. Because I found that later they didn't want me involved in them. Like my mother, you know, the Jewish side didn't want me involved. It's all people. It's all people. Well, you know, as I hit an eye injury when I was a kid. So they didn't want me to like risk, you know, injuring the other eye. So they steered me out of the sports. So I wanted to play soccer and running, you know. Dungeons and dragons and running. Playing to the Dungeons and Dragons is my own device. That was my fantasy escape, you know, thing before they had. If they would have really good video games back then I probably would have been playing video games probably all the time. But I think the private Dungeons and Dragons was better. Because at least it was a social type thing where you're actually involved in involved with kids. Today, no one even talks to each other. You play online, right? And you're talking through headsets to people that are in the middle. We hate it. So we took our, I didn't introduce it. We took our as a way from our kids. I think it's a good idea. I'm sure I won't be able to do it. No, no, because they do this. They say our friends and I, you know, so and so gets to play and, you know, so and so says that you must be a strict parent. I think, you know, none of it bothers me. Guys, you're not playing those games. You know what the sad point for Chris is? Well, yeah, nowadays you could actually make a living from playing video games. They tell me that to, they tell me that. They're right. You could be, you could, they might be, they could be the next Ronnie Coleman of the video game world for all you know. I thought this a lot of ways I tell them to make a living. I think, yeah, I think you, you know, when you're young, you have to be exposed to everything. I think the best decision I ever made was going to a liberal arts college where they make you take everything. Yeah. I can't. I can't. The apology. It took history. I took art. I took, I, it's even took an acting class. You know, you got to be exposed to everything because who the hell? You don't even know what you're, what you really like. How could you know what you really like in, in 19 years old? You're, you might think you know what you like, but you might find out that you actually liked something you didn't even know about it. I was a runner in college. I never thought I would be a professional bodybuilder or, you know, made it. I was exposed to that at school, you know, and then, you know, people working out and I'm like, I'm going to try this too. So you never know where you're going. You know, you got to keep an open mind. Sometimes it's not good to just say, okay, I'm six years old. I know I'm going to be, I'm going to be a neurosurgeon when I get older and nothing's going to stop me. I'm not going to have any other interests told that. You know, because that's what I think is right. You got to keep an open mind because you never know where you're going to wind up. And the funny thing is you never know what skills you're going to be using later in life. Like, I went to medical school and then I laughed and I'm like, thinking, you know, most people would take, well, that's a way, what a waste. You'll never use those skills again, right? Well, I used them my whole life, those skills, all the little things I learned there. I'm still using. I still have that information in my head. And I see this happen all the time. I see people who, you know, were worked with their parents, their dad for like 25 summers. You know, it's 20 summers before they went to college. You know, doing laying brick, picking what a waste of fucking time other than the fact that they're going to make up some money. And then later in life, they wind up, you know, becoming, you know, doing very well financially in themselves. They wind up building their own house or something like that, you know what I mean? Well, just the discipline of brick laying. Yeah, no. I don't think anything's wasted really in this life. I think I don't think there's no such thing as unless you become a drug addict, you know, do anything. And then that case, you're probably not going to do very well. Unless you become a drug council when they're trying to get up. Well, I took the video games. We took the video games away from the 14 year old and the 13 year old has been writing a book. And it's like riveting. Wow. Riveting. And he's doing it by hand. I can't wait to read the next chapter. And that's not because, I mean, I'm not one of these people. What's it about? It's about a kid who grows up in a broken household. And I'm thinking, is this based on a real story or something? Well, you're not a broken household. But where's he coming up with all this information from? He probably steals it from like movies. He's seen it. He's an avid reader. So, you know, when you read, you just automatically incorporate that stuff. Interesting. And it's good. You like it? Oh, it's unbelievable. I'm the first. I always tell my kids like, you guys. Okay, you know, do you want to quit basketball because you're not really good. So it's not like, you know what I mean? That I'm stroking their egos. Are you, is it like a rocky type story? Um, it's, it's, it's a sad story to start out with. He's on like, maybe chapter four. He's only written maybe 60 people. There's a nowhere it's going or is he kind of just writing as it goes? Um, he knows where it's going. Okay, that's good. That's smart. I'm very, very, very, very observant. So I wonder, I want to read it too. To be able to dance on around. I'm not talking about my dad died. He would, my dad used to love to do that stuff. Read other people's stuff and critique it and give him. But, but he's a perfectionist. And now he's bothered because he realizes there's so much more detail he could be put in there. If he was writing a lot of computer because it's been writing it by hand. And I don't know if it's not copying it. That's all. Yeah. I said the lady who want, wrote Harry Potter stuff. Wrote all of it by hand. My dad, you know, my dad's real. I've seen him give people advice with writing. He would be like, you know, when he would tell you something, there's no rules. Write what you want. Don't listen to what other people tell you. Just write. To good, good advice. He's like, don't, don't listen to people saying you can't do this. You can't do that. You do what you want. Hey. It's tremendous advice. Yeah. Don't let people tell you after write on the computer. You write it if you're doing good and you have good, you have a good feeling for what you're doing when you're handwriting it. You handwriting it, you handwriting it. You handwriting it. You know, Shakespeare hand wrote is all the, all the old things he did. It's not even using that. There was no typewriter's back. Yeah. That's all. That's all I said. Like that said Shakespeare hand wrote everything. It said, but that there was no typewriter. He's like, I don't want to hear this crap. Yeah. No, that's just stupid details. I said, what I want to hear. He hand wrote it. So, can you write? I can't get out of here. That's probably what Kodi said. I remember going down that I wrote that I wrote about backing up. Because I ever wrote it like that. Like, old table One algum snap there's somewhere I gonna write, there's something we just had not been writing live on. My dad used to write when he would write. He had the tie- opera you know he had like the old typo who said, The heck of me that used to like your typewriter because the too fast moves too fast. I said too fast. What do you mean too fast? I need to, I like the touch type. That's what used to go. Touch type. I kind of feel those keys. I try to make it. It's like me and I don't, I remember how long I had the black break because I was afraid to text my phone. I like to feel the keys. Yeah, the great thing about the black break is whether you can, you can text people without looking at the keys because you can feel them. Yeah. I knew that the keypad. It wasn't even a real keypad. It was just a number pad that had like certain letters on it and you just had to know which ones to use and you didn't have to look at it. Now the funny thing is my, I'm like, when my dad would like leave his little, he had a little study room and I would go down there and sneak down there sometimes when I was a kid and I had to type right there and I would take a piece of typing paper and I'd roll it into, you know, put it into the machine and I'd start trying to type. And the key seriously, and I was a strong kid to get those keys. To fucking strike that piece of paper. I had to whack them, you know, as hard as I could. And of course, when you did that, you would invariably hit two keys at the same time and then they would get stuck. Because it was like, it's almost impossible to explain the people as you've ever seen a type bread. It was like this metal thing that would, when you hit the key, it was metal thing would hit the paper and it would actually, it was like a stamp and it would stamp the little letter on it. And if you hit the two keys that would too close together, the two pieces of metal that would strike the paper would get stuck together and then the machine would like, it would like, ponder the whole machine down. And then you had to try, you had to try to loosen them up and free them. But when you did that, all the ink that was on the metal piece would get on your fingers. So invariably when I go upstairs, my dad would have said, you, are you my messenger, am I typewriter again? I'm like, no, of course not. Like, what's all that ink all over your fingers? It was like getting you, covered your hand and the cookie jar. So, so then my dad got to the point where he got lazy or used to make my mother, like my mother would choose the electric type. He'd be like, he would hand-write and she would type it out from, you know, they were like a team almost. Because my mother was, you know, my dad had my mother convinced that, you know, he was going to write the great American novel and then we could just go. But she was like, all right, I'm participating. That my contribution will be all type out of all your stuff. So, well, the irony to that is, he probably could have wrote a big novel. Well, he did. He just did it was, you know, it was tough back then. It wasn't like it is today. Today, you can, you can, you can read any book. I'll just make it, anything, it was, it was actually had to be good back then. And you had to know people and my dad wasn't, that all the people in Hollywood and all the people who were all the writers in New York City, they were all like in this click, they would hang out with each other in the city, they were all single. My dad got married and we had kids. He had his networking abilities, working completely gone after that. Yeah. And it's like today, imagine today, you can network with someone in fucking China, you know, from your computer now. You never have to leave the house, you know? Yeah. Yeah, I get back these YouTubers. And it could be cool to be a recluse. I went to this, I went to this, that I thought it's Reptile, bring your show in Daytona. And I'm, I'm not brand-armed there. Because it's almost, I don't even want to even tell the story, but people were coming, I have a Reptile channel called muscle serpets University, right? I'll interview people at Reptile shows about your there. But I'll also do my own animals, I'll explain the different genes and what I'm breeding. And it's an informational channel. And people, I guess people like it, I haven't read 10,000 subscribers. So, and I'm building it slowly. I go to the show and all these young YouTubers that are Reptile breeders are coming up to me. And they're like, oh, oh, I watch your videos. I'm so nervous right now. Oh, can we take a picture? Can you be in my vlog? That's the thing everyone does. Everyone does their own vlogs, you know, where they chronicle their whole life. And some of the guys were, you know, there were nice kids, but they were, they were, you know, they were a little, socially awkward to some of these people, you know? And everyone's a star now. Everyone can be from their house, have their own channel, their own personality, their own, you know? And sometimes every once in a while, you get one of these guys that just hits it. And someone likes this, something about what they do that people can relate to. And they'll get hundreds of thousands of subscribers, they'll monetize their videos and they're making $10,000, $20,000 a month Chris from YouTube. But think about that. Yeah, no. One of the number one, Aaron Sigma is telling, one of the number one channels on YouTube is this kid who plays with toys. Have you seen this? The place you're playing. It's got a hundred million subscribers, Chris. They play with toys. He doesn't even talk. I see the footage he reviewed the toys, no, no, no, he just plays with toys. And kids watch this, like mesmerized, watching this kid play with his little, you know, how old is that old? It was a kid. All right, he's probably a little old now, but I don't know, he was a young kid. He's a little of the, he's under 12, you know? I forget the kid's name. He's making, it's gotta be making $30,000 a month. And of course now is, you know, now is parents like, yeah, yeah, so we gotta go through a video now, you know, come on, every video the guy does get to million hits. We are, huh? Yeah, but if you saw him was making that kind of money, you'd be like, you take over his manager, right? You would try it. If I let him play out the games that I don't want him to play. You got, yeah, you mentioned him. Imagine if you had a hundred million subscribers because he was playing video games online, which there were kids that would do that too. Well, they watch, they watch, they, they, they, they, I mean, they watch those channels where kids are just playing video games. They, they have, they're playing video games and they're commentating on what they're playing. It's a brave, new world out there, my friends. And, uh, and as, Norm from Cheers would say, we're, we're wearing a milk bone underwear, Chris, you know. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. On that note, we're out of time until next week, remember, with heavy muscle radio. The truth hurts. All right.