. Welcome back to live with Institute of Energy, K. Coral, Florida, and Dave Palombo. And today is very special. I have never thought I would ever have a year in my studio. If you would have told me this thing years ago, I can be sitting next to me in Florida, and my new home in my new studio, I want to sit you crazy. But you guys here today, he is the co-executive producer of the movie Bigger, and he's a body building well known personality, Dana, solomer. Welcome. Dave, you know, I had a pick one house to get a flat tire in front of him. Oh, that was a wrap. I didn't see it. I came to business. So I came stumbling, but first, I wanted to say something. I've had a chance to visit all sorts of places in this industry. This has to be the most unique set of, first of all, this set is tremendous. You guys have done a great job. But what you guys don't know out there is behind the wall that separates this studio is Dave Palombo Enterprise. And it's this whole corporate infrastructure where products are being moved in and out, and all these things are happening. So they let know we always talk about a misindustry that needs to constantly reinvent and the commercial component of the body building industry. It's alive and well here, and congratulations, too. You're doing great. Well, you know, Dana, when you have kids, you have to, like, say, well, how can I run my business? Not to have spent too much money over head and have it be convenient enough so that I can actually run my business. And we have it here because I can run across street at three in the morning to the studios and record something, or we can, my wife does a word of sometimes, like, two in the morning, when the kids are sleeping. You know what the coolest part about that is when you talk about the new reality of your life there, it makes me, that we've all been around this game for a long time. A few decades, right? You know, I've been doing this, the business of body building. And when I come here and I visit with you, I really review what you've created. And I think about all the people that we've kind of come up with. And watching their evolution, the other day, our good friend Rob Wilkins, who was the IFB, who's liaison to the military, he was just picked by the president of the United States to be on the president's council. I was going to ask him, I didn't think that, well, because his resume is impressive, the White House took notice. They assembled the list and there was some influential people involved. But I look at that and I think this is the same guy, Rob, and we were kicking around the body building shows. And now he's at the White House, being sworn in with some of the most revered people and a fitness industry. And then you have guys like the Ryan, the Lucas of the World, we all kind of came up with. He's worth hundreds and millions of dollars doing great. And the Paul Gardner's even Aaron Singerman, who I know, we have him come in because Aaron has been very supportive of you and myself. We're very familiar. And Aaron's story to me is great. And I hope you don't mind my burning gut. Now I actually did a show in him on the success of how to make million dollars. And I said, you know, he said, did you ever think that you never thought I would be here? I said, well, I said, no, I did. I'm going to tell you, you just need it. And the right fire, you live under your butt. And the right fire was that he got his wife corrected. Yeah, well, that. And I think also some of that fire was started here when he was with you. And a lot of those things that I was pretty well documented. But now a lot of drama, a lot of things. But Aaron's a guy that I've known for a long time and trust each other a lot. I'm always giving him advice. Lately he gives me more advice than I give him. A lot of people go to Aaron for advice. But I'm just so proud of what he's created. I get a chance to go down to those red condo and headquarters from time to time to tell you. In business. His facility. And it's an incredible operation. Yeah. It's a very highly synergized, high energy, collaborative environment. So he's doing great. But I do have a bone to pick with you, Aaron. So Aaron made an announcement the other day that they're making this big, surprise, signing the biggest thing in fitness. Right? And usually when Aaron has a secret, he'll tell me. And when I have a secret, I'll tell Aaron, and it's kind of the way we do it. So I saw this post and I said, I wonder what red condeser to do. Who's this big announcement? So I called up Aaron and I said, I'm going to give me the scoop. Expecting him to tell me off the record what it was. But Aaron wouldn't tell me. And I kind of begged him and he made me feel pretty small for it. Really? Yeah, I texted him and I said, Aaron, give me the scoop. He wouldn't tell me. I'll tell you what I did. I figured out the seat, the special announcement. I texted what my belief was to him. And the fact that he didn't text me back, probably means that I'm right. I said, what are you signing, covering? And no response. And Aaron always responds. So if I had a bet, I would say that it's covering. But isn't covering? And aren't covering and Aaron already in business together? So that's not really a big development. Unless, and I'm just speculating here, of course. I don't know anything. But what if Tyd's maybe they're closing up shop? What Tyd's business is maybe signing direct? Maybe that's it. I was thinking maybe, said that, with millions, because of said your ties to the military. And I thought that might be a natural retina. We could do a whole show discussing who retops on the side. But by the time this airs, everybody, I think, will already, this is the biggest name he's saying in the industry, it's either Romney or it's Kai. He said fitness industry though. Yeah. He didn't say fitness industry. Yeah, but he's bodybuild. I would go back only because of his nod. His nod. That's right. Respond. Yes. He knows that once he, when he's, he can't lie to me, because he knows I always figure it out. So what do you mean? But Aaron next time I call you and I want the inside to get it to me. That's right. Now again, I wanted to bring up to you. Obviously, the movie is going to be coming out soon. I know you told me, I think, a little bit a weekend. We got something special. So, all right. So, it's a counter, really, to say, okay, formally what's happening, but there are some discussions taking place right now. Obviously, it's no secret that this is a movie of Joe Hader. And we're also trying to celebrate Joe's theatrical release of his film, then at the very end, the very end for what he created. But there is nothing to announce yet, but I do know that there is some discussions surrounding the possibility of maybe doing something that could get a limpia fans excited, but it's still too early to say. All right. Those are some things in the words, but yeah, it's been fun so far. When do you think the official worldwide really? So, again, that's all the same conversation, but I am told that we can expect it in theaters in 2018 and that plan has not changed. Maybe around, maybe the holidays. Yeah. All right, let's talk about the Olympia Minute because this year, they're trying to do something that's a little different. And they always try to do something a little controversial, or fun to bring some attention to the Olympia. The last two years, they have a frowny, a special invite to last year was Flex Wheel. This year, they want to institute because of the whole social media interest. They want to try to get the people's champion. And from what I understand at least from the website, they're going to be allowing the people in the audience to vote for what they will get in the determine as the people's champion. The last time we saw something like this, was kind of when they had the challenge round, back in mid 2000s, when they would allow body ghosts to challenge each other on stage and then they had all the former Mr. Olympia's voting for it. What do you think this people's challenge? Okay, so even you mentioned, I remember it was yesterday, that was the year that we had the challenge round. And I had that awkward moment where I stood between Ronnie Coleman and Gustavo Badell. Who beat him? So beat Ronnie Coleman, and I had to give one of the more awkward interviews of my career. I think I was on a paper, thing that I had done. And so it was odd. So my take on this, I would have loved that. You would have loved it. I would have thrived that you would have, you were popular. Well, I was the right thing, because I think Ronnie Coleman was fresh off the wounds of having just been beaten by Gustavo. And I'm asking Ronnie Coleman the great iconic massive Ronnie Coleman larger than life character who's standing right to my left. I'm saying Ronnie, how does it feel to have just gotten beat by this guy in Gustavo Badell? And you should have seen his eyes. You were killed. And Ronnie's comment, actually, for his flex really had it. Yeah. Good point. Good point. So getting back to this year's development. Now, it's interesting because I think it has the potential to be compelling. And that is the potential to be dramatic. It also has the potential to be a huge problem. Now, the talk is that they are going to allow the people in the venue. I don't know all the particulars, but the talk is the way we were trying to figure out the end of it. Right. How they were actually to vote. Right. They got buttons on their seats. And there's only the people in the arena and outside the arena. I don't know all those particulars, but I do know their plan is to crown a people's champ, which leaves open the reality that we could have a people's champ and a Mr. Olympia champion that are different, which is a big problem, right? Because you certainly want the Mr. Olympia champ to walk off that stage, feeling like he's the best body when they're in the world. But then if the idea is well, you want this, and then this guy won't let it, then you don't have a definitive anything. And isn't the whole purpose of the Mr. Olympia to crown a definitive champ? Right. But the difference is that whoever wins the Mr. Olympia will have the $400,000. That's right. That's a big difference. That's a big difference. Are they planning on getting any money you think to be? Yeah. I don't imagine there would be some benefit to winning that. I don't know, probably sponsored that. That's right. I would love to see in Bob Chicaroa, when I was talking about this the other day. I'd love to see a situation where instead of having a people's champion, if you want to create interaction, you want to engage the fans, give the fans an opportunity to dictate what they see on that stage, right? Like create something where maybe fans can request certain call-outs, maybe they can request unusual comparisons. Maybe we want to see Flex Lewis, the 212 King, versus Phil Heath, the main event King, and see there's got suckies going through it. Yeah. That could be interesting. That's what I would have done. I said that for the past couple years. I'd like to see the 2012 and the Open champ post-down with the Arnold and Franco used to do. Right. You don't have to even give any award to it. You could just say, let's see who wins. Or maybe let the people decide. Right. You mean I have to judge decide that? Let the people decide. I haven't spoke to Phil Heath about this. But I'd imagine that Phil can't be too pleased with the idea of a people's champion because what makes me say that when you've won this thing is many times as he has. Especially coming off last year, right? It was pretty angry. I'd imagine he's not excited about the idea of having a deal with the fallout of potentially winning again and not winning the people's. It seemed like every year they're trying to always find a way to mess with Phil Heath. And I think it just pisses him off more. And it just makes him come back. But I almost think that they're trying to find a way that not let Phil win. And then he always wins everything. So obviously his talent speaks for itself. Isn't he like a J-Countler from the standpoint of, whenever he has a close call or when people like us doubt him, that's when he digs in and he delivers something that we just didn't expect. Yeah. I mean he won last year. I didn't have any. I know some people thought he needed to deserve it. I didn't think he'd think. I have to feel winning last year. It was close enough though to sort of assess the trend that trajectory of big rawmese physique. Big rawmese was really good last year. But he still wasn't in the best he was. So I think some of the victories that Phil be kind were closer than last year. Yeah. For sure. It was that one year. You could make a army of Kai could have won. And Phil was off a pre-judging that he came back better at night. And I mean, so look, the guy knows how to win. This is one thing you can say about Phil. He might not be the greatest minister of what he had all time. But he knows how to win better than that. As he might break the old time record. If he wins nine or ten times, then that counts for something. You know, you're a good dancer. I mean, Dexter might not be the best bodybuilder of all time. But he's certainly the most consistent. Yeah. No, I mean, right now, look, it's funny because nobody's talking about the fact that if Phil heat is able to win, he will equal the Lehani Rani commentary. He will be standing a top-to-sport tied for the most important record this sport has, the eight-sand out trophy. And he's on the break of doing that. It's amazing that we're there already talking about him doing that. Because we still view Phil as a young guy. Yeah. But he's all-time one of the all-time. And he's years past very fast, especially when you give him my study on the background. So, especially if you have kids that goes even quicker. Yeah, those kids don't exist. Here's the question. The question is, and I saw some, and I'm hearing, speaking of an area, an area in Kai making some Instagram comments when this whole people's champion came out. They were saying, 11 weeks to go to get ready. You think Kai will jump into this event? And would he be welcome to jump into the event? I'm sure I would think the Olympia promoters would love to have Kai up there. Everybody would love to have Kai up there except Big Ronnie. Yeah. I think Big Ronnie is would be the only loser in a Kai-green comeback scenario. But Kai-green Kai, you need to come back. It's one of those things where what he brings to the sport, the drama that he would bring to a pose down between he and Phil, body going to fans want to see that. Kai, I recognize that you view yourself as something different. Maybe you don't see yourself as a bodybuilder. Maybe you see yourself, I've been told as a performer. That's all fine. But you know what, it's not like the guy lost 50 pounds in the mental size. He still has big nose. Good as ever. Yeah. So it's not like it's a far stretch first to say, like, oh, let's get him to the groovy. That's right. He reached 50. He went back to the company. He's got to get him 40 pounds. Kai, you got to do the contest. It's one of those things where the window, the number granted. He will regret it. Kai, you're going to regret it. They just, the window has closed. To a point where this might be the last chance because number Kai doesn't want to be Mr. Olympia. Kai wants to be Phil Heath. Kai can pretend he doesn't care about that. But Kai green wants to be Phil Heath and he's got the good to do it. We know he does. So for him to have taken those God-given genetics, that extraordinary physique, arguably one of the greatest to ever live. And to not go at Phil Heath one more time, it's disappointing it would be an amazing storyline for the contest and I really hope it happens. Do I think it's going to? I wouldn't say I'd bet on it. But it seems like he's always pretty close. Yeah, I would think that there would be a humongous announcement. I don't know. But I think it's what's the point of having it. If you're not going to get the benefit of it. I think it's a size right now. Maybe that's why you might be able to do what I said. Because obviously there's some bad blood between Kai and the Olympia people who run the Olympia. Whatever the argument was, we'll never really know what happened. There was Kai felt that he was not respected in some way or pasty. I don't know if I agree with that or not. But the bottom lines that Kai has done the contest because of that for Kai was amazing. Yeah, it's going to be if he doesn't it's been four years. Yeah, if he hasn't been four years already. No, it's a bad question. What would he look like? I mean, we always got those big shoulders. We know the upper body is going to be there. But you know, from the waist down, what's it going to look like? What are I some, we saw pictures he posted on the screen. He looked like I think he's so good. I think there's no problem here. And it might even be better than he actually took. I mean, he never took more years off as a child. That's right. Maybe the rest will do well. Remember when sugar rainwater? That were really dead. So sugar rainwater took that big, you know, he stopped the box. I mean, then over some Marvin Hagel was unbeatable. And he said, I'll come back and beat him. I mean, I was like, you're going to box. How many years he can make? He can make? He can't make. He can't make. That's what he's seeing. We don't want to grasp it in a month. It would be amazing for the contest to see Kai grain and fill he. Because it's, you know, you have a responsibility. I kind of might disagree with this. But I feel like Kai is a responsibility to get up there and to deliver some of this sport has been very good to him. He's made a lot of money in this sport. He does not want to any individual. It's a lot of these guys have to put their body through. But I'd like to think that if there was a chance for him to tip this cap to body, go in the fence and just kind of give the body to the body. So he won't let's her off. Kai, we would love to see it. And just let us know what we have to say to make that happen. Or an hour and a half. Or an hour and a half. Hey, you make it happen. Well, whatever it takes. You know what? Here's a scenario. Let's say Kai does the Olympic. Okay. Last or wrong. I'm going to do the Olympic. What the hell? One last time. Sure. Any wins. Now. He would win and he would walk out a champion. No, what he, how do you walk away when you're the champion? Now he's got the title. Right. But you're saying you're starting to keep competing. Think about what you're saying. You're saying how would Kai walk away as a champion? You're talking about a person who just walked away already for no reason. You would $400,000. And now you're a Olympia champ and things change. Yeah. Now I'm the champion. That's right. I have the benefit of this. Yeah. They have to beat me now. That's right. I just made $400,000. Yeah. You know. Maybe I could do it another year. I mean, with Kai, I'll bet's wrong. He just does his own thing. He's not wired like the rest of the world. He's got his own computer up there. It does its own things. He's a very great guy. I don't know what you think about it. Kai would be doing a lot of people good. Arnold came back in 1980 and won the Olympics. That's right. The one thing he was going to compete was the last minute. Maybe Kai Green is planning an arm. You never know. But it would have taught on the Olympics. Something we're watching because it's a real scenario out there. But as of right now, there are no confirmations. And we don't know yet. But hopefully we'll hear something. What do you think about I heard the announcement that Arnold removed the two 12 Division from the Arnold Classic? I heard that. Okay. What would you think of the motivation? Yeah, that's a positive thing. Unless it's just a situation where, look, that whole Arnold dynamic is a little strange. Right? And then you have, what do we have six Arnold Classic or five Arnold Classic now? They don't have two of them or so. We're down to five. And in three of those Arnold classics, you won't have heard of most of the ProBoddy builders because they're now part of a whole Another entity. So all the names that are the household names in the body of the world. You have to go to Australia or Columbus to see them. So basically Arnold is overseen in dynamic where half of his events are doing one thing and half of his events are doing the other thing. Maybe the function Columbus feel like they're already drawing the body building crowd. They, you know, everything's economics, right? Are they drawing more fans by bringing a 12 Division to their event? They're already drawing the body building crowd. Maybe they don't care. But I, again, I have not heard that official. I've heard that that was my the latest that I kind of heard. I actually asked Tom as they were aiming about it and I'm sure I was watching. You can see watches of all programming. And he's just, he felt that Arnold doesn't care about the two 12 because they're short. Arnold's at all, Arnold likes the classic and then the open guys. So yeah, and who knows if that's the truth. I have to feel he orders economically. It's a little bit of a sanction fee. You have prize money. There's all sorts of variables. You have flight of people in the moment. Right. So I can see if if if you think about it, if your goal is to attract at the end of the day, a promoter's objective is to attract different parts of the pie, right? So if they're already getting the body building crowd, people coming in to see the big division. Maybe the math doesn't support it. I don't know. But you would like to think that an event of that caliber would understand that the 212 Division is important that fans like it. And if you're going to call yourself the biggest fitness body building weekend of the year, then how have those divisions? Or, arbitrarily, start hand picking and coming and going with these divisions? Yeah. That's not really responsible in my opinion, but something like that. I agree. I am in 100% agreement. What do you think about the fact that this is something that I've been bringing up the last couple of years? I want your opinion on it. I think there's too many people in the Olympic divisions that they have out there. I think it might be a Timmy. You should have the top 10 in the world in each division. I don't like these bikinis divisions when they have. And I like bikinis. I just don't like to have this value weight 35 curls on stage. And I know they did something to curtail that a little bit with the point system. If you have more than a certain amount of shows, it's not who wins the shows. But it's a total point getters, you know, get to go and look at it. But I still think it's a lot of people. Okay. So my first thought is the point system hasn't really worked. In my opinion, because look, the Olympia, as you just mentioned, is supposed to be the best in the world. If you can't win a contest on a yearly circuit, you know, if you can. And let's go with this respect to anybody. But if you can't win a contest, and there's so many of them. Right? Especially in all of the bikini. It's great. So if you can't win a contest, you can't really complain too much about not having a spot on the Olympia. You're not happy to complain about the point system. They're saying, well, it's not fair because if this person has the money to compete five or six or seven times, that shouldn't be a thing. They shouldn't have the advantage of all the points. And that's a fair point. And if you just say they have what the point system you don't have that kind of vision, because the point system really is allowing people to compete that really didn't do the thing that you're supposed to do to get there. And that's when a contest. Right. So I don't know. I don't have a huge issue with, I think the point system is just opened up a whole bunch of problems also for the promoter. Because when you think about the number of events that are out throughout the year, I mean, Robin Chang and the Olympia, they have to support all of these athletes who are coming to compete at their show. Right. I feel for the promoters. I feel that that money could be well spent on other things. That's right. More prize money. Maybe some of the divisions that are not getting these big prize money. Because we don't need 30 girls up there. I don't need 25 men's disease guys up there. I want to count. I want to top 10 everything. If you think about the bodybuilding vision, which is the most compelling, has the least amount of people. That's right. Is that unusual? It is. It's also because there's the least number of events. And that's the thing. And for whatever reason, the member of the scoring system was also creating to encourage people to compete more often. Unfortunately, the people who are competing, I'm going to do that guys. They're not the people you want to see. Right. So the people that we want to see are the ones who are automatically qualified. So the only solution is only this relentless should be exempt. Everybody else you have to earn the way back to the Olympia stage. Which of course then brings us back to the Cuygren conversation. It was totally unqualified to compete in the contest. Right. That's a whole lot of story. Yeah. Now obviously they can make a given special advice. You do whatever you want. And I think that and some people who think that's not fair, I think it's absolutely fair. Look, look, their promoters are trying to create a interesting, compelling book. I know this. You are in the business of media, of covering bodybuilding. I get the privilege of going out there and hosting the Amazon coverage. And all of that stuff is better. If I get to talk about chagrin and being in that contest and you get to cover chagrin and being in that contest. Everybody wins for that. So it's a business and more tickets will be sold, more people will watch and more people will care if a guy like Cuygren is in the contest. Now I will say this. The Olympia does not need Cuygren. No mistake about it. The contest has thrived. You know, Arnold has come and gone. The 80 is coming down, Ronnie. Ronnie, come and it's coming down. The contest is going to be fine. But it sure would be a lot of fun to see Cuygren. Well yeah, because it's how many more years this Cuygren really had. I mean the guy is not young anymore. No, he's in his 40s. I mean he might look at you. But he's getting older and things go wrong when you get older. I know you know we got injuries. You know he's pushing you know a lot of weight in the gym. He's still you know he travels a lot when you travel a lot. You've come more vulnerable to injuries. So he can get hurt tomorrow. And that's going to be the end of his career. So you know, I say to Cuygren out there. Just like you said to Cuygren get in that show because you never know when your last show will be. And this isn't here where people want to see the people's champion. They want to see Cuygren out there. They want to see Cuygren try to stop Phil from winning eight. Mr. Olympia is in time that record of pain and Ronnie Coleman. And what better year to do it than the year that they're actually voting for the people's champions? Which we know he is. Cuygren is right. He's sort of the... If he won't be a winery enough that we don't even vote. He's given them the awards right. You know? And that's probably one of the reasons why he's maybe even compelled to do it. Because it does seem like there are things out there right now that would go well for him to be there. Now with that beat, will they be an asterisk? And then the record folks like when they say, oh, then the 2018 Mr. Olympia. Phil E. F1 but with an asterisk and then the second hiring one people's champion. No, I don't think so because there's been things over the years and other contests where they do that stuff. Right? I mean back in the day when I used to do those body vote and now come webcasts. We would give out not that those were sanctioned parts of the event. We would give out people's choices all the time. And sometimes the people's choice would be the guy who finishes 15th. Oh yeah. There are some people out there with all sorts of technology where they can start voting. So we're kind of what those apps and all right. Right. Well, you know, I would just do it like I would bring in a company that does like the American I will. Right. You know, scoring, you text it in a cross money. Yeah. People would vote 40 times even though they had a paper. That's what they should do. Yeah. They should even handle. They should say get a company to come in and you guys do it. Charge for the text. We don't care and just give us the tally at the end of frigging night. And that would be the way to do it this week. Everyone feels like they're involved. And you look to stupid things. I would not text in my vote because I know it wouldn't matter. But there are a million people out there that will do it because they want to say I voted for that. That's right. That would be the people's text. So skating the game. Yeah. No. I mean, it would be cool. But I will say this though. I am concerned. Invisiting a scenario where there is two separate winners. That concerns me because look Joe Weader created the Mr. Olympia contest to have a finite definitive champion. It would be really lame to exit the Oralians arena on that Saturday night with two camps, feeling that they both won something. But you know what that might be the way it goes. Now the other side of this is it still gets beaten. Just because we have to entilge all the scenarios are of course. The other side of this is the one that is going to be a little bit more of an arachmuscle.com. If Phil gets beaten and he complains about it. Which most champions who lose that right. And let's just say Ronny Wins and Ronny also wins the people's choice. It's kind of vindicate the judges, right? Because they can sit back and they can say, well, Phil don't complain because the fans all agreed to us. So if Phil doesn't win that people's choice award can actually make things easier. But if Phil does win, that's going to be tricky. But if he gets fair to say that he's not, he would be an underdog. Yeah, for the people's choice. Just because people want to see him beat. Let me ask you this thing.