Here we are, Muscle at the Movies. And this is a very special Muscle at the Movies. John Hansen, the Air in St. John, what makes this episode different than every other episode? We are doing the best of 2011, the best and the worst. And we got a bunch of categories, too. We got the best action film we got, most disappointing or worst film, what else will we got? Best superhero film, and best comedy, and we're going to do the top 10. Your top 10, my top 10. All right, let's start off with the top 10. And we're going to start at the bottom with 10th spot. So, who do you have in your 10th best movie of the year? My 10th best movie of the year was the help, which was a movie about, took place in Mississippi, Jacksonville, Mississippi, I believe, in the 1960s. And it's basically about the African American made that all the white people employ, and the maids were helping to raise these kids, and then when the kids grow up, they're very disrespectful to the maids. They treat them like crap, you know. Two great acting performances in it, Violet Davis, and Octavia Spencer, both favorites for the Academy Awards, by the way, best actress and best supporting actress. They were both awesome. A lot of great acting performances, mostly women. Emma Stone was in it. Justine, Jessica Chestin, who was also in a few other movies this year. Really good acting performances, really good movie. It's sort of a feel good movie at the end of the movie, you know, about sort of a controversial subject, but it was basically a feel good movie. I really liked it, really well done. That's one of those ones that I really hadn't heard too much about until the awards start coming out, and I've seen that they've been up for a lot of awards, and I think they won some already, didn't they? Yeah, Violet Davis just won the Saga Award. So I think she's got to be the favorite to win best actress. And Octavia Spencer has been cleaning up with the best supporting actress, so she's probably going to win that. All right. My tenth movie on the list will be midnight in Paris. Okay. And this is when we were viewed in the past, and this is Owen Wilson, and who else was in this main characters? Rachel McAdams. Rachel McAdams. And this is based on, as we were viewed it before, anybody who read a lot of the classics in school, such as like, anything great, Gaff's be, yeah, exactly. So in these old authors that you read in school, this kind of they bring them back to life, and this is a, and this is a Woody Allen film, and it's actually with the best Woody Allen film I've seen in a while on a big Woody Allen fan. So it was great to see him come back with a movie that I really enjoyed, and I think you know, even Daria liked it, and pretty much everybody had good reviews. I wasn't sure it was going to be so good, but after you recommended it, I went and saw it, and I was impressed with it. Yeah. Ninth spot. My ninth spot was the Iads of March. Another really well-acted movie, Ryan Gosling, who's basically the star of the movie, George Clooney directed the movie, and co-wrote it. It's a political movie where George Clooney is trying to get the Democratic National Convention, or the Democratic National nomination, I should say, for president, and he's a governor, and it's all about to be hiding the scenes going on between, you know, in the political world, very well written, very smart movie, good acting performances, Phil Schymour Hoffman is the campaign manager for George Clooney, and Ryan Gosling is basically his press secretary. Then there's a little controversy, little suspense in the movie, I don't want to give it away, but something happens to one of the main characters, and then there's some suspense in it, but really well-done movie. Again, another movie that's going to be up for a lot of Academy Awards. On mine, mine, I think movie, was the dead, and the dead is based around basically the war criminals of the Holocaust, and one of them was, I guess, the story is kind of, it's not based in reality, but it's kind of like, I guess, fictionalized reality. So there was a doctor, Dr. Mangala, in the real Holocaust, and they kind of modeled this doctor that these Jewish soldiers are actually trying to go assassinate, they send them out trying to get bring this guy back, excuse me, they're actually trying to bring him back to Israel, and bring him back for trial. And it's kind of the saga of these young Israelis looking for this doctor and trying to bring him back, and then what happens is a result of that. So I put that firmly in number nine, a good story, and people would like it. Great. Number eight, my number eight movie is the whistleblower, another movie that probably not too many people have heard about, it's on DVD right now, so if you want to run it, Rachel Whites was the star of the movie, great acting performance, I think she had totally overlooked with the Oscar nominations. I think this was a small movie that came out, nobody really heard of it. It's actually a true story. She plays a cop from Nebraska, hurting from money because of a divorce, and everything she's looking for other ways to make money. They recommend that she go to Bosnia and work for the UN peacekeeping mission out there. So she does, she goes out there, and she finds out once she gets out there, there's all the sex trafficking going on with these miners, and people from the UN are participating in it, and it's a huge controversy, nobody's saying anything about it. She's she being a good person, reports it, then she's suspended, then she's terminated, and she goes all the way through with this thing and brings it to light. It's a great, really great movie, great acting performance by her. I think she did one of the best acting performances of the year, so if you get a chance to see that movie on DVD, go stay at it. My number eight was Warrior, and Warrior was a good movie. You have a C kind of action movie where two brothers that kind of grew up separately, one went to the army, another one raising a family, they end up both making into this big tournament, and it's like a MMA drama slash action movie. I highly recommend it. I think that it was a really good, it was one of those movies that I would never imagine making a top 10 for the year, just because it is basically an action movie. You're relatively, I mean it's like a blood sport, basically. A blood sport, you know, with a little more twist of slightly more intellectual blood sport, you know? I mean good acting performance. And they had the two dramas between the two brothers. Right, exactly. So I would definitely recommend it. It's one of those that actually did really good review. I was one of the ones I was looking at Rod and Tomatoes, I know you do too. It is 93% of the critics liked it, so that's extremely high number. So I think pretty much anybody who went to it walked away liking it, which is a good, puts it pretty solidly in the brain. And Nick Nolt, you played a drunk and father. Got nominated for an Oscar for that movie. I didn't even know that. Wow, there you go. Yeah. Number seven. My number seven was Midnight Perse, same as you. Again, Woody Allen movie, one of his best in years, like you said, very well written. That's what I liked about this movie. It was very, very good comedy. And you know, bringing back all these old characters, it was like it's like us going back to Arnold's era. And we get, we get to meet Arnold in Franco and Sergio Leeville and they're young, and you get to see him. And you know, that's what this guy, because he's an artist, or screenwriter. And he's trying to, you know, he imagines, he romanticizes that era. You know, the F Scott Fitzgerald and Ernest Hemingway. And then Marion Coutilard was in a two and she was very good. She was, remember the girlfriend of Picasso. So he gets his Picasso, Salvador Dally. You know, so it was a really good movie really well done. All right. For me, number seven was 5050. And this is the story. 5050 is based on the main character. He finds out that he gets, he has cancer. Young guy, I probably what? Late 20s, maybe? Yeah, 26, I think. 26. Yeah. Well, good memory. Look at the memory on John here. Oh, he just saw it. Okay. So anyway, he finds out that he has cancer in the doctor say you got a 5050 chance to live. And it's an interesting mix. This is another one that was a comedy slash drama. And he had a lot of actually very funny moments. And I remember when I heard about it, I was kind of almost hesitant to see it because I wasn't in the mood for a sad movie. And I was actually very happy that I saw it because it was funny. And I enjoyed it. And it actually came away like almost like a feel good movie in the long run. So it was very moving too in the end. Very moved. Didn't know what was going to happen if he was going to die. And this is a guy who was contemplating death at 26 years old. Yeah. That's tough. Definitely tough. So that was my number seven. My number six was margin call, which was a movie basically about the 2008 mortgage crisis. And this is basically like the last night before the bottom fell out, you know. And it's not a true story, but I think it's based on Lehman Brothers, what happened with them. Basically Stanley Tucci is the analyst at the firm. And he's let go and there's big layoff that they have. And before he leaves, he gives this computer chip to this guy's secretary, secretary Quinto, the guy who played Spock in the Star Trek movie. And he's this upcoming you know, Wiz Kid. And he says, you know, hey, I found something you better check this out. And he looks at it and he says, oh man, we are going to lose money. You know, this whole industry is going to go down the tubes. So it's basically about what happens in one night. They call in the big wigs from who run the firm. And Kevin Spacey is another actor in it. A lot of really acting performances. It's almost like a drama. It's it's very tense as you're watching it, because you know what's going on in fold. You know, it's going to happen. So really well done, called margin call. That was one that you know, people will find this interesting. This is a little side note. A lot of the movies that we are putting in our top 10 are movies that we reviewed in the last two shows. It just goes to shit. People might be wondering why that is. A lot of times it turns out movies get held towards the end to the awards because they want they want to make it to the award show. Obviously, if you put a movie way earlier on in the year, there's a good chance that people will forget about it unless it's really a big impact. So a lot of times these movies that you guys are hearing on our list is because they literally save these things, right? Exactly. Yeah. The summertime is mostly escapeous type movies and the real serious movies start coming out in the fall. All right. For me, number six was Sena. And this is one that is actually a documentary, a documentary. It's a documentary. It documentary. A documentary on the race car driver. And I can't pronounce his name. His first name is Brazilian guy, Atoia. I think it's a Toia Sena. And I never heard of him before. F1 Racing is not something that I've ever really been into. Although I'm going to the Australia and Graham Prey at the same time, there's the F1 Racing. So I may be all end up seeing one. But anyway, he was like, almost like a prodigy of F1 Racing. And it's not a secret because it tells you in the back of the film, the guy dies in a race. And it kind of gives the whole life story of this guy and how he came to be so great at racing. And it was really a cool movie. It's one of those ones that got really good reviews. And because those reviews I saw it, and I was happy I did. And it actually came in at sex, which is pretty good. Okay. My number five was the movie that's really surprised everybody. The whole year was the artist. It's a silent black and white movie. And it's basically about the silent film era. And there's this guy who was a star as name in the movie is George Valentin. And he's a big star in the movie. And right around the time of the movie, the talkies are coming in. And then he meets this girl whose name is Peppy Miller. And he sort of helps her get into the movies. And then she becomes a big star because she's got a great voice. And he's actually French. So he can't make America movie. You know, you know, here's her voice. Oh, she just said, no, yeah, the whole movie silent. And it's just a very entertaining, feel good movie. There's no, you know, vulgarity in this movie, no violence. Really great, you know, really well done movie. And it was really entertaining. And it's probably going to be the favorite to win the Oscar. Believe it or not? Who would have thought in this day and age, a black and white silent movie would be possibly wouldn't would get this kind of reception and do this. Exactly. I was a total, total surprise and real challenge, you know, for the filmmaker to even get a maid. But paid off. That's one I guess I got to put on my list. I'll have to see that by myself. In time is my number five. If your movie was the artsy, farcey, high-browen. In time will be the low-brow entertainment. Basically it's just in timber lake. And, you know, a lot of people might not see it just on that. But in reality, the plot is what got me. And we'd review this one. I'd really like to before is that in time was original. In the fact that he basically has to, he uses his money. Everybody at this period and this like alternate reality uses time as money. So you don't use a dollar bill or currency. There's no currency like any kind of funds or goods. It's all time. And it's actually on their wrist. So if you want to buy something you use time. If you want to get paid, you use time when you run out you die. And so it's so different than in the other movie I saw, the ideal loan being original. And even the society, the hierarchy, you know, the poor people live in the ghetto where things are cheaper. And if you want to go to where things are more expensive where they have luxury, it costs money to even get there. So they prevent the poor people from moving up in society. They're working for very little time. And the top of the line where you see Justin Timberlake eventually get there literally you have people that are buying, you know, millions of hours or even millions of years houses. So I'll have a billion years to live. Pretty amazing.