Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X-Box, there's 30-year-in-a-row, and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry. It's a low-car hot tart, we've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. And that does it to get another edition of Muscle in the Morning on Day Palombo, reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. curious question here, are there any full words that get bodybuilding fans more fired up online than new big rammy picks? Okay, so you missed it a few days ago, rammy set the internet on fire when he released and never before seen photo of himself looking so ridiculously shredded that it was like something right out of a Marvel movie. Now to be clear, rammy news team didn't say whether or not the photo was recent. But since it's been so long since we've seen anything like this from rammy, I don't think it really matters if it's recent or not. This version of rammy is what people think of when they talk about him as a legitimate title contender for the Olympia throne, because when he's in this kind of shape, he's without a doubt one of the most unstoppable forces in the ISBB. And if this is a recent photo, it means he could be getting ready to release a whole world of hurt on some people, a lot sooner than expected. If the best training partner is the one who pushed you past your limits and into uncharted territory, the crew flexed Lewis has been running with lately are definitely the right people for the job. Recently flexed managed to team up with four-time world-trogest man Brian Shaw and power lift the slash internet sensation big boy from the strength cartel for what had to be one of the most punishing workouts he's had in a very long time. One of the things that really stood out to me after seeing flex in this group is how small he looks standing next to these two guys that tip the scales at three and 400 pounds. Even for flex who I'm told is sitting somewhere in the neighborhood of 250 trying to keep pace with these guys had to be a humbling experience. And that's what training partners do. They humble you and sometimes that means taking you into deep order. But at the end of the day if this is what gives flex that extra pushy needs to contend for the Olympia title I guess it's all worth it in the end. Team sports culture is huge. Winning and losing are both things that have to be learned and the culture that surround to Natalie is a huge part of that process. So for someone like Alex Cabernero who's one of the few people who knows what it takes to win at the highest level in classic physique. I think having that culture well established heading into the early stages of this year's Olympia prep is a huge advantage. Winning the Arnold title at the start of the year essentially primed his mindset for excellence which is exactly what you need when you're trying to challenge guys like Chris Bumstead and Breonna Ansley so if you can really bear down and dig deep into the roots of that winning culture I think that in the end it could be enough to push him over the top. You should be wary of the man who walks softly and carries a big stick. And if you were surveying the landscape of the 212 division right now you'd have a hard time finding someone who walks off there and carried a bigger stick than Noah Adani. Throughout his entire year, Noah's been hold up and working quietly down at his home base in Mexico trying to erase the sting of a rough outing it last year's Olympia. He won the indie pro last March and the lineup that featured some pretty high level guys. It showed how good he can be when he's completely locked in so if you can get back to that level of conditioning I'd look out for him to catch some people by surprise between now and October. And that does it. At another edition of Muscle in the Morning on Day Pombo reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.