I'm going to launch the tasty pastry for the low-car hot tart. It's got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. I'm Dave Palombo and today is Wednesday July 7th, 2021. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Bellman once again, Wednesday is back in bed of the never. There was only one pro show on the Docket last weekend and it was the Orlando Europa Pro. And we're cooking off our coverage with a recap of the action from the figure division. But a second week in a road Jessica raised a pediaton went out and dominated as she crueys to another big which gives her a ton of momentum heading into the second half of the season. Second place finisher, Rhea Gale looked great in her season debut. As she managed to gain the edge over eventual third place finisher, Ivana Ivusik, who had the best conditioning of her career just for the record. Fourth place went to Julia Shapplin and Donya Jackson around it out one of the best top five groups that we've seen so far this year. We are through the men's physique, the big winner here was Ramsey's Rams, who locked up his first career win along with a trip back to the Olympia stage for the first time since 19. Our red hot John Saramento continued his strong season with another strong second place effort here. Third place went to Steven Cow, who looked close to his all-time best in his season debut. Ishmayel Demingas slid into a very comfortable fourth position and we're wrapping things up with our coverage here with Gerardo Gabriel as he managed to crack the top five in his season debut. Like the Arnold Classic lineup for release a few weeks ago, you knew it was only a matter of time before we started to see some sort of drama flare up between some of these athletes. And right on cue a few days ago we saw some exchanges go down between William Bonac and Nick Walker that caught everyone's attention. As far as I can tell this started when William threw a not so subtle insult in Nick's direction on social media after Nick said in an interview that he saw himself winning the Arnold in October. As a defending champ I guess William didn't take too kindly to that and why would he? And now here we are off to the races. Now up to this point in his career Nick hasn't been one to bite his tongue so when a fan asked him about William's comments during a Q&A on a life feed, Nick was pretty directed as response. He said that he didn't know what William's problem was and that he'll be happy to settle this on stage, which has been pretty much his response every single time someone has called him out. Even though he's young, Nick's been a put up or shut up type of guy from day one. And so far all he's done is put up. Just knowing how both of these guys are, I don't expect this to be the last time we hear this between now and the Arnold. Neither one of them is the type to back down. And as a fan, I think it only adds to the intrigue and excitement to a show that's already going to be one of the best that we've seen all season long. There were also some words exchanging classic physique over the last week and two. Only this was more of a one-sided exchange coming from Chris Bumstead's camp. Apparently during a Q&A someone asked a member of Chris's team whether or not they saw the two-time camp Breon Anzley as a threat. If he came in and ended his old time best this year. And their answer was a pretty emphatic no. As far as they're concerned, Chris is so far ahead of everyone else in the division that they don't see anyone being a threat. If he's completely dialed in and I think there were a lot of people out there who also happened to agree with that. But at the end of the day, titles are awarded on stage not in the comment section. And in a few months the world will have a chance to see firsthand if they were right. And that does it the end another edition of Musselin the Morning on Day, Belombo, reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.