We're going to be launching the tasty pastry for the low-car caulk tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. On day polomba, today is Wednesday, June 23rd, 2021. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Ladies and gentlemen, it's that time again. Recap Wednesday is back and better than ever. We have another great show lined up for you today starting with this recap of last weekends your Ropa Dallas Pro. We're starting off with classic music. We're our free show favorite, Tony Tavaris, showed up and showed out big time on his way to earning his second pro win and a well deserved Olympia qualification. Second place went to Leland, Nevada and another strong effort from Harold Bright rounded out this top three group. In bikini, Jimmy Morley looked fantastic on her way to bring him home the first winter career which also secures her first Olympiac qualification. Congratulations. The run-rub slot went to Houston's own, Brittian, and a strong performance from Julia Walsh Lego was enough to earn her the first top three finish of her career. Before we move on, we wouldn't be doing our job if we didn't highlight our first pro wheelchair action of the year. Incredible Bradley, Dats, Brothal, well deserved win here. But there was also a lot to be said for second place finish her Chad McCary because he also delivered our herkially in effort here as well. We have one more note here on the Dallas Shroop Pro before we move on. A few weeks ago, we spotlighted Amanda Cover as a pre-show favorite in the NPC wellness division and thankfully for us, she did not disappoint. Not only did she show up at the best conditioning out of everyone in her class, she also walked away with the overall title, which sets her up perfectly to slide into the universe in a few weeks to win her pro card. According to Amanda's team, this was the plan from day one and now it's just a matter of time to bring that to fruition. As long as she stays the course, I don't see any reason why she can't seal the deal at the universe to end her year on a high note. As I mentioned right before the last segment, we did have one more show on the dock at last weekend, just outside her nation's capital where we saw plenty of high level action at the first annual DC Pro Am. We're starting off our coverage with the bikini division this time where the big headline was Perennial Olympian, Ellie Hernandez finally hitting her stride as she crews to her first win in the season. Second place finish her, Regina Harley looked great in her season debut and once again, on Yannick Wilson put together another tremendous effort that closed out this top-three group. In the men's physique division, it was all about Charger Grant, who finally earned his first win of his career, along with the second straight trip to the Olympia, so congratulations to him for another job. Well done, Adrian Horton looked tremendous in his second place effort here. Look out for him to keep improving as the season progresses, and we're wrapping up our coverage here with your third place finisher, John Saramento, who definitely put together his best look of the season so far. And finally we're closing up the show today by sending shoutouts to Sean Clarita, Nick Walker and Brett Wilkins, who all put on one of the best guest-posing performance of the year at the NPC Junior Nationals last weekend. As you see in these photos, all three of them were incredible shade, especially Brett, who's only about a month out from making his season debut with the Chicago Pro. Sean and Nick are both obviously dialed in for their Olympia prep at this point, and the both of them looked like they're on track to do some serious damage when they hit the stage again in October. All in all, I'm sure this had to be a great experience for all the amazing fans and athletes who were in the building last weekend. And they know I'm not alone in saying that I would love to see more of this in the future. It's great for the venue, great for the fans, and even better for the body building and fit this community in general when stars come together to do things like this. And that does it the end another edition of Muscle in the morning on April 1, reminding you always be sure to your passions if they should have followed us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.