We're going to be launching the tasty pastry for the low-car caulk tart. We've got three and four grams of net carbs and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. On day polumbo and today is Monday July 5th, 2021. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Welcome back ladies and gentlemen. I hope you had a great 4th of July weekend. It's a new day to new week and I'm sure you've heard by now we have a brand new Arnold Classic on our hands in large part to this man Nick Walker. In case you missed it last week, the Arnold Sports team announced that they were adding Nick and really winked to their signature event in October. It sent out shock waves for a few different reasons. For Nick this feels like a balsie move because he doesn't need to do it. He already has the Olympia qualification which tells me that he wanted to just for the experience and to test himself against the other all stars we'll see in that lineup. Also for a strategic standpoint, competing here also gives him a chance to feel things out before he peaks for the Olympia. Which feels like a smart play on his end. I see this as Nick playing with other people's money. If he does well, all it does is add to his legend. And if he doesn't, he can say that picking for the Arnold was never the goal anyway, which turns us into a win-win situation. In Rullies case this news feels completely different to me. For one, the sheer fact that he's in the show now demystifies what his plans for the season are. Now we know for sure that we're going to at least see him here. And here's the caveat. Unless he wins. Okay. And even if he does win, the Arnold doesn't qualify him for the Olympia, which means he could be on the outside looking in for the second year in a row. But with that being said, just because he's competing at the Arnold doesn't mean he's probably also not competing at another show earlier like the Tampa Pro, which is five weeks from now. Because that would also give him the opportunity to qualify here for the Olympia. But if his plan is Arnold or bust, it does still leave a lot of things up in the air, which is just another thing to keep in mind while we see what happens with a ruling wing blur between now and then. Even though Brian Jones' name wasn't added into the Arnold roster last week, like Nick and Rullies was, if you're a classic physique fan to stuff you've seen from him lately, might be almost as exciting as what we just talked about. Even though he hasn't competed since the Olympia last year, the updates we've seen from his camp over the last month or so had been out of control. Right now he looks bigger than he was at any point last year. Not to mention the fact that he also looks like he might be ready to step on stage again in a few weeks. Brian actually earned his Olympia qualification last year by winning the Chicago Pro. And since Chicago is only three or four weeks away now, that might be a potential destination for him to make his season debut. This guy might be the most improved athlete in the division over the span of the last two years. So if he can successfully defend his title in Chicago, I think it'll go a long way towards letting people know that he won't be going anywhere soon. And finally, I wanted to send you guys off today with a feel good story that came across my radar a few days ago. Two weeks ago, at the Brucini Classic, Mark Farron is Dorner Sheridan made history when they became the first father, Dorner combo to compete in the show together. Believe it or not, Mark says that it was his daughter who actually pushed him to come back to the stage after not competing for almost 30 years. And it was a good thing she did because he won the novice middleweight took second in the masters over 50 and fourth in the open. But they tell you the truth, Sheridan was the real star of the family here because she took second in the true novice in figure, fourth in the novice in fourth in the open at 17 years old, which is amazing. So congratulations to these two for making history and more importantly for making memories because at the end of the day nothing's more important than creating memories that last a lifetime with your family. And that doesn't yet another addition of muscle in the morning. I'm Dave Holumbo reminding you to always be true to your passions and they should have followed us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.