Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X-Box, our 30-year-in-a-row, and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry with a low-car caulk tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods, muscle in the morning. On day polumbo and today is Monday September 14th, 2020, and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. In some ways, winning your pro-card is the end of a culminating moment for a lot of athletes. It represents years of blood, sweat, and tears, all finally come together at the right time. But in other ways, winning your pro-card is also the start of an even longer journey with their greater purpose. And if I had a guest, North American, overall champ, Nick Walker probably feels like he's experiencing both ends of that spectrum right now. After his big win two weeks ago, I saw a lot of people saying that they thought Nick was ready to step on to a pro stage right now, and he could possibly even crack the top five in the right lineup. At this point, we haven't heard anything from Nick's team about whether or not something that that is even on the radar, although he told me he'll be answering Chicago. So I guess in some sense that means they haven't ruled it out. Given that they are so few Olympia qualifiers left, I don't know if jumping in right now makes a ton of sense on paper, but this guy has undeniable talent. There are plenty of people who would be interested in seeing how he stacks up on an IFBB stage. The older I get, the more I find myself agreeing with people who say that age is only a member. And I think that probably applies double for someone like Victor Martinez, even though Victor officially hung up the trunks. They have to be the Arnold Classic. You wouldn't know it by just looking at him. Victor released a clip from an arm training session not too long ago. Where it didn't look to me like he was showing any signs of slowing down. Before we started today's show, I actually went back and looked up some of Victor's career numbers and it's almost hard to fathom how he stayed at the top of the pyramid for so long. And to be honest, it's not just the numbers. The lucky brought to the O7 Olympia is still one of the greatest of all time. And it speaks volumes about how special of a talent he was. Even though he says he's retired, we still have guys like Sean Roding competing in his late 40s and Dexter into his 50s now. So even though it might be a slim chance, I'm still holding on to hope that we might get one more vintage Victor Martinez performance before he steps away for good. At some point in their life, everyone has that one friend who they absolutely refuse to train legs with because they know they won't be able to walk for a week after they're done. And I bet everything in my bank account that Sean Calaritas that someone over the weekend Sean's camp released footage of another one of his ridiculous leg sessions that showed one of the most dangerous athletes in the 2012 firing on all cylinders according to Sean yes. Something to prove coming into this year's contest apparently he heard whispers last year that people thought he was tapped out. And if there was no way he could add any more muscle to his frame. Well, knowing Sean the way I do, that stuff probably served as a bolt and board material for the entire off season just so we could come back and throw it back in the faces of the haters. So if he does come in bigger and better the way he says he will, he could easily challenge for a top two spot. For people who are object goal oriented, having a clear target to work towards is a huge factor for triggering their intrinsic motivational drive. So now that Nadia Wyatt's officially signed to her Olympia contract, my guess is that we're about to see her take things to a whole new level. Late last week Nadia announced on Instagram that she'd finally short up her contract to compete in this year's Olympia, which means the top three at Planet Hollywood just got a whole lot more crowded. This year is actually the first time a Nadia's career that she hasn't competed in her regular season event, which might actually end up being a good thing in the end. Now that she's rested and had almost a full year to concentrate on taking care of her body, she has the opportunity to attack this year's prep without any bumps or bruises. And as an athlete as good as Nadia Wyatt is, when she shows up, ready to rock, she's his dangerous as anyone in the division. And that does it for yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning on the Apollumbo reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.