Dave Palomo here with an RX muscle news update guys just just in exciting news from the Arnold Classic people. Really winkler and Nick Walker entering the lineup. Wow, that's a breaking news story for sure. You know, Sergio, I'll leave a junior on our TV show and on his Instagram set a couple weeks ago. Bring everyone to that stage. Let's get the best of the best. Let's battle it out. I don't care if I win or lose. I want to be up there with the best and you know what? It seems like that's what's happening. We got Sergio with that lineup. We got E-invol year in that lineup. We got William Bowen at the lineup. We got a key Williams in that lineup and now adding to that mix. I'm not going to think of Justin Rodriguez's been hot as hell this past year. Just tearing up the seniors at it over 300 pounds of that. Now we add Nick Walker who just won New York and then we have really winkler the beast himself. I mean, that's the guy that we're all waiting to win the Mr. Olympia. He might be the greatest hope to beat big Randy because he can match him for his size. Now we see really entering that on a plastic. A month out from the Olympia. This is a very good move. I think on Rullies Park. Use this as a warm up. If he wins here, that's tremendous momentum going into the Olympia competition and all eyes will be on the winner of this on a plastic. Even though this on will qualify guys for the following year, this is a good move for all these guys to enter because you know what? It's going to be a warm up for the Olympia. Randy can just sit back and watch and see who's going to be his challengers. And I think we're going to see a tremendous show. I know the Arnold people have to be super excited because obviously how do you to move the show from the usual date and mark now to September is got to be messing up their whole act. And of course, hopefully next year they're going to be back to normal. But having a line up like this has got to make it all that much more sweeter. I only can wish to take an add more money to the pot so to speak so that the prize would be higher. But this is tremendous news. This is going to be so. This might be the best Arnold plastic of all time, at least on paper the lineup. If everyone shows up in shape, we've never happened. But if most of the people show up in shape, we could have a tremendous balance. We're basically having the Olympia line up here minus hot and chupin and big ramming up there. And that's going to be, you know, I mean, how much forward side can that get? And I told you know, you want to interview to Kim Williams this past week. I said, you know, how much would this mean this victory do you? He goes, this is almost better than winning the Olympia. The Arnold is just as big to have Arnold raise your hand to win all that prize money. And then obviously get to go to the Olympia three, four weeks later. I mean, it's like a bananas. I think it's, it's foolish for anyone to skip it on the lab. We're seeing all the big names entering this show and battling it out on that stage. You never know who could be a dark horse mount lineup that I didn't mention. So I think this is tremendous, tremendous excitement for the body building world. We haven't, you know, felt this infused about a show. I don't think since before COVID. So I'm looking forward to it. I know as a fan and as a press person who's going to cover the show, a great job on the Arnold people convincing Nick Walker and really to jump into that line up and for letting them in late because let's face it. This is only going to make this show that much better. Day to level with an RX muscle news update.