It's Wacky Wednesday here at Musselin the Morning and I'm Dave Pulum. Going today is Wednesday, July 11th, 2018. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Ladies and gentlemen, it's that time again. Welcome back to another edition of Recap Wednesday. We're going to hop right into today's show with a huge weekend in the Midwest out of the Chicago Pro. For the second straight year in the men's open division, Michael Lockett was announced as the winner after he put on what was by far the best performance of his pro career. Now, early edging out, the sensational Surgeoli, Virginia. In 2012, division Craig Richardson brought down the house with his home run at the night show. While Wesley Vister's turned out to be one of the more exciting moments of the weekend as he saw it to the win in his classic physique debut. Top honors and men's physique went to Michael Bevin's and over on the women's physique side, Sarah Villagas, crueced home for her first win of the season. Jill Blondon held down the top spot in women's bodybuilding and much to delight of everyone in the audience. It was a nice day of Danielle Chickelli's brought home the crown and fitness. Lori Chapados came out and crushed it to take home the bikini division and rounding out the action here for the weekend with a gigantic win in figure. Was it Julia Waring? Now he shift gears and head up north for another big weekend up at the Vancouver Pro. Where the seam of the show was conditioning, conditioning, conditioning. And nowhere was that more true than in the men's open. We're a sliced and diced Lucas Osloodle, showed up and cleaned house on the way to punching his ticket back to the Olympia stage. In the 2012 division, two-time Canadian National Champ, Mamudel D'Araq was absolutely brilliant on his way to soaring to a well deserved victory. And just as we predicted right here on the show two weeks ago, the classic physique division went to our old friend, Khalid Chicke, who looked like he was the clear winner from the word go. The men's physique crown went to Mexican import,ish my old domain guys, and the women's physique division went to homegrown Canadian product, a list of Copalino. Allison Efear, brought home the fitness title and in the figure division Bojana Vassalajavic, delivered her best look ever on the way to another win. And wrapping things up with another first round TKO performance in the bikini division was former Olympia champ, Ashley Kaltwasser, who looks like she's probably unbeatable at this point. For the full contest photos, check it out at rxmuscle.com. For our last show of the weekend, we head out to Sin City where we had some red hot action in the bikini division that certainly turned up the heat on the Vegas strip at this year's Patriot Pro. All it took was a season best effort from veteran Karen Hinnich to lock up the win as she held off a strong push from runner up Ely Fernandez. Hometown favorite Stacy McLeod pulled out all the stops on the way to her big third place finish, which she managed to fight back a strong push down the home stretch from Brazilian bombshell, Nahara Shubbert, and wrapping things up. The Mithop 5 was another homegrown Vegas talent in emerging star Francesca Lauren. Flex Lewis stepping away from the 212 division opens up the door for a new king to rise up and grab the throne next year. And based on the ways looking right now, I have a hard time not putting second year superstar in training Nick Bullyad on my short list. Last weekend we saw the Bullyad camp release a handful of new updates that made more than a few people stop and do a double take. Right now this kid might be packing more muscle per square inch than anyone else in the division, and that doesn't even factor in the insane 3D around this in conditioning that he's got right now. With all these crazy gym shots he almost looks like a really winkler of the 212 division. But without a sitting Olympia champion who's still in his prime to stand in his way, maybe we should all start taking a good hard look at whether or not we're seeing the makings of the divisions next 10 year champion right before our eyes. With his win at last weekend's UFC 226 Daniel Cormier became the first man in history to hold both the light heavyweight and heavyweight belts at the same time after knocking out the former champ early in the first round. And right now it looks like we're as shade under 10 weeks away from seeing 212 powerhouse Alex Cabernero come out and try to land a few heymakers of his own up on the Olympia stage. Two weeks after his huge win down at the Dallas Europa pro the pride of Puerto Rico already looks like he's loading up to make a strong push at the title. I don't know what the heck he's been eating for the last week or so, but in his latest round of updates Cabernero definitely has the feel of someone who's recharge and ready to make a strong push down the stretch. So now that he seems like he's got everything moving in the right direction it'll be interesting to see if he can sustain the momentum and ride this thing out for another two months all the way in the big dance. And that does it yet another edition of muscle in the morning on day polo reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Thank you.