I'm going to be launching the tasty pastry with a low-car hot tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. Today is Wednesday, August 4th, 2021. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Ladies and gentlemen, once again we're back in better than ever with another brand new edition of Recap Wednesday. And we're kicking off the show today by bringing you a recap of last weekend's Asia Grand Pre. Classic physique division for the second time in this career. The top honors went to South Korea's own, Songwon Kim, a runner-up slot with a Ji-Hoon bang and rounding out the top three we had J1 Park. In men's physique, a Bong Si-A Choi collected the first win of his pro career which landed him a well deserved Olympia qualification. Bum su Park slid comfortably to second and we're wrapping up our coverage here with your third place finisher, Jung-Jun Lee who looked like he might have made some solid improvements since we saw him last time. Down in Port of I-Octa, Mexico we saw plenty of fireworks in the 2012 division and bikini at the first annual Port of I-Octa pro where we were starting things off here with the two-twelfth division and winner No-Oladami looking pretty damn impressive in his season debut. The second we had Columbia's own is the Bon Bravo who looked great in his I-F-E-B debut here and Leonidas Cardoza caps off a surprisingly strong top-free group here. On the bikini side of things it was all about I-O-Lis Francisco Stoico who snagged her first win of the season thanks in large part to bringing in the best look of her career. Second place went to Mexico's own Ellie Fernandez who seems to be picking up steam all of a sudden and sliding comfortably to third was none other than Jasmine Gonzalez as she continues to build on her strong 2021 campaign. Down here in my neck of the woods raining and defending bikini Olympia champ Janet Lyak stepped into the role of promoter for the first time last weekend and she weld them in some of her friends to the first annual Battle of the Body's Pro Am. To know and surprise this was the bikini only event on the pro side of things. What when the dust finally did settle there was a surprise in the winter circle as more rain blankwi-stose stepped into collect her first W since 2019 on the way to punching her ticket back to the Olympia stage. Second place went to Georgia Hill who looks like she's starting to get it going now. Chris Bahades did enough to slide to third which gives her three straight top three finishes on the year and Rey Juana Harley took fourth in her season debut as we're around the out our coverage here with rookie Ivana Fernandez who found herself finishing in the top five for the second straight week. In case you missed it we also had some prime time action on the amateur side of things last weekend too at the USA Championships as the pro league opened up its doors to the next generation of Superstars. Now we're starting off our coverage here with the men's bodybuilding where Jordan Hutchinson won the heavyweight and overall became the star of the weekend. The overall in classic physique went to Ruben Salis and in men's physique overall Mark Robinson punched his ticket to the big leagues after a hard fought performance. On the women's side of things Hunter Henderson showed up and showed out on her way to take in the overall in women's bodybuilding. Women's physique went to carry Hughes who crueysed to a big time victory as did the overall wellness winner Alyssa Sernah. Amy Mott stole the show on her way to claim in the overall in figure and in the bikini division Diana Dang looked like a future star in the making on her way to capturing the overall crown. And that does it the end another edition of Muscle in the Morning on Day Paloma reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.