What's up, bodybuilding fans? Dave Palombo here with an RX muscle news update, USA Championships and now in the bags. And it was a great competition out there and blisteringly hot, lost Vegas in Nevada this past weekend. We have a new overall champion in Shane Stewart. We don't see the light heavyweight when the overall very often in bodybuilding. But when he does, it's usually pretty damn impressive and Shane Stewart proved to be a very impressive competitor. Winning the overall and really spectacular fashion once again because he beats some guys in her a lot bigger than him and that heavyweight super heavyweight class. Remember Shane's weight limit is only 198 pounds. And when I looked at pictures of him, you know, the first thing that came to mind was a young branch Warren just thick thick quads, a lot of density in his muscle. I bet this guy packs a lot of weight. I bet he's 250 in the offseason. He's just dense. He's got a lot of mass on him. It flows well. It flows well. He doesn't have the smallest waist up there. But he flows and he's got taper and he's got some serious legs on him with a lot of detail and graininess. And I'm sure it looked I wasn't there in person, but I'm sure in person they were even more impressive on stage. I could just see the kind of muscle he has. It's mature. It's dense. His back is great. His skin is really tight and clean and his tan was good. Presentation was good. I'm from one I hear. And that's what wins overalls. You know, these judges are up there looking for someone who looks professional, who looks polished. A guy who can step into the pros and do some damage. And that changed to it. He wins that light heavyweight class, which was by no means an easy. And then he wins that overall against the bigger super heavy and heavyweight. But let's talk about some of the other divisions that took place. Obviously the super heavyweight division is always one of the most exciting, at least for me probably because I competed in the super heavyweight division. But you know, everyone wants to see the big guys battling it out of there. And I remember I interviewed a couple years back Henry Jackson when he won the Junior USA. No one had even known this guy. He just really started and I said, man, this guy is going to be a pro one day. He's just to proweight and happen. He's going to make a few improvements. And he does it here. He doesn't hear. He wins the heavyweight. He excels me the super heavyweight class against a really, really good Ron Gordon. We'll talk about Ron in a second. But Henry Jackson's just got flow to his body. He's got a small waist. He's a big guy. He's very well balanced on top and bottom. Having said that, I think he needs to hold more mass on his upper and lower body. But he's balanced. And he brings conditioning to the stage. And he's a guy when he poses and opens up things happen. Alachy Green. Detail shows muscle separate. This is just this is a combination of great genetics. And obviously impressive work ethic because he's been adding muscle over the years to his body and making improvements. But you know, this guy has just been given a structure from the heavens. And he's exploited it. And he's done his homework here. But he won a very close battle. Ron Gordon was tremendous. I felt that Ron had cleaner muscle. I thought he had better conditioning. More graining as to his body. I think it was a great battle. I wasn't there once again. Henry Jackson had the little bit of darker skin cone. Once again, a slightly bigger structure than Ron. But I think both of these guys were pro-card worthy. I mean, too bad, it wasn't in the nationality. Both of these guys were to gotten pro-cards. And you know what? No one would have complained. And no one would have complained if Ron would have won this class. I got a new studio. He's that good. He's just the pro-weighting to happen at this point. Whether he's going to do North American or wait for nationals, I don't know. North American is coming up soon. So it might be an easy year way to go. But I would maybe try to win the nationals. I think this guy can win the overall. I think he's that good. It gives him more time to maybe have a little bit of a growth spurt and then go back into dieting. I don't have been talking to him. Maybe we'll get him on the show and discuss it. I mean, this is a great class because you got a guy like Matt Burzak, who has to settle the third here. And he's probably next in line. So to speak, to get the pro-card. I don't think anyone saw Henry Jackson or Ron Gordon coming. But a great, super heavyweight class. And once again, you could make an argument for these guys winning. But I think that Shane Stewart and the White Heavy is just too complete to take these guys out. Same thing when you talk about Lucas Carroll, who wins the heavyweight class, tremendous talent. Back in post from hell, great, small ways, great structure. Impressive. And once again, Shane Stewart to beat the heavyweight winner, Lucas Carroll, and the super is just a testament once again, what I said earlier. Goody is. But Lucas is really good. This is a guy who's going to be an impact pro. I believe he might take another year or two to really put on a little bit more muscle still out that frame. Here's an impact pro for certain. Once again, clean muscle, good lines, nasty conditioning. And that's what I like when I see a winner of a pro-claw fireweight class. I want to see a guy with density and a guy with shape and structure and can present it. And Lucas Carroll brought that to the stage in Udles. He beats Drew Schaffer and second in Matt Jensen and third who were terrifically conditioned. But I think Lucas is just more complete than they are. And that's what you ask for. Once again, and when you see it, people say, and all the bodybuilding is not as good as it used to be. I don't believe that one second. I think the winners of these weight classes are tremendous. Sean Williams wins the middle weight class. This guy's got quads from hell. This guy is good to be super dangerous in that 212 division. He's just got to add a little bit more muscle to his frame. He spends the next year to bumping up a little bit. Watch him. He's dangerous from hell. And this is a guy. You know, look at him alone. You're like, this guy could win the overall. You know, obviously he gets outside by the other way class winters. But tremendous effort by Sean Williams. And then once again, when you look at that overall, Shane Stewart just bringing it. I guess you could say, when you look for an overall winner at the pro-claw fire level, you're looking for someone who's going to be an impact pro from day one. A guy who's complete. And that's Shane Stewart. Some of these other guys are bigger than he is. Maybe some of these guys are as conditioned to him. But he's got the whole package and he looks complete. He's not lacking anything in any body part. And that's what's going to make a really good pro right off the bat. I looked to see him jump into a 212 show and see how he fares. Maybe we'll see him in Tampa. I don't know. But we'll get him on the show for sure. Congratulations to all the pro-card winners and all the competitors from this past week and John Lindsay on throwing another great USA championships on day polonbo with an RX muscle news update.