10 and 9 You're not an honorable group! There ready for two guys who can't handle the truth The truth you can't handle the true board we can be! Lumball! Chris Asito! Our Exfossil.com presents every muscle! What a deal! Watch us! Welcome to another episode of Heavy. Muscle Radio on day to the London. I'm joined by the technician, Boris Asito, on this last and final day of August, August 31, 2020. And it was my daughter's first birthday. Two days ago. You guys said that for a splash, you have like an amusement park in the backyard. I'm handed it to the cold up and she rented this slide. Did you rent this slide? I thought it was a permanent fixed jeep. Yeah, where's your permanent fixed jeep? My kids love it. It's a good idea. It's amazing this thing. But what she didn't get to really use it. My other two kids really used it. I actually went on it. I knew I saw you. I wasn't going to do it. I was like, can I want to get hurt? Yes, but I thought it was. The first thing I saw you, I said he's going to get hurt. The two days I didn't do it. I said I'm not going on. I'm going to get hurt. And then the very last minute, when the house ran out of water, we used to use the water system. We used to put the whole water tank. I'm like, I'll try it. And then there's no water. So bad around a hose from my well. I'm going to get right into it. And I was like, this isn't so bad. I didn't get hurt. You know what it was? I was always afraid to do some rides like that because every time I went on because my shoulders were so bad in years past, I couldn't stabilize myself. And so it was very uncomfortable. I went up, you know, feeling like I was going to fall off. I didn't have control. Now I don't have any pain in my shoulders. Not come wood. So it was like nothing. It was like I felt like I was like, you know, low-consaging. I was still worried for your shoulder. I thought you can blow it out. I'm dead serious. When I saw the video, I cringed on my shoulders. I didn't get hurt. Let me put, let me sit if I can get this thing going. Let me do that. I got to get the subject of people to waste. I thought you were going to start along. All right. First of all, anyone who hasn't, who hasn't joined Chris's nice Instagram, you know, follow it. Go follow our Instagrams. I'm huge 285. He's the real technician. There's my plug. Here I go. Here it is. Watch this Chris. My daughter got into a, I grabbed her. Look at that. Howdy has that food. That's dirty. I'm waiting for the shoulder to blow out. Yeah, that was pretty good. Oh, then I saw that picture of you. I said, right? I said, you look like put that picture up there. I said, you look just like John Schrulde there from my welcome back. It's funny because my uncle used to always say, every time I go to holidays, he'd be like, John Schrulde and John Schrulde. But that was when I had short hair. Then he actually started calling me Mel Gibson. That's why I said, no, Gibson, from me to weapon with the long hair. Oh, yeah. No, this is, I see that Schrulde. This, yeah, it's still got the Schrulde. But this is when I really just first started body building. Seriously, I was probably like maybe about a buck 90 there. And how old are you there? Man, it doesn't a good thing I was waiting that much. But I said, I was 20 exactly how old I was. I was graduated with 1990 graduate at high school. I had college excuse me, so I was 21 or 22 somewhere around. 21. I probably, I told him, despite I had gone from 230 pounds to, I went from 130 pounds to 135 pounds by lowest running. And then I was up to about 185 million 90. It was 60 pounds. You've sipping on my copy, I realized protein. No, I'm not, but I'm going to send that to you. That's, that's one of our secret flavors coming out that you just revealed. That this is a new branch chain to our new amino evolve flavors we kind of will come out with. I'm not allowed to say them in the manner right now. I'm sorry, they're secret, but they're good. I'm sipping it right here. Baker coffee one and something out to it. Coffee, I mean, I was probably wouldn't be good, but I, but I, the coffee, I realized we're going to come out with this going to be really good. But I'm not giving you the details of it. But that's, so that's me, that's me in 1990. Yeah. You know what, I was such an idiot because I had short hair in my whole life. I decided to become a rebel last year of my college, which is when I was going for my med school interviews. So I went to these medical school interviews. I got about three or four interviews I went for, which is good because if you, it's hard enough to get into the school, but it's hard to get into the interview too. So I went to the interview, I had these long hair. So I was like, slick in a back and, I figured, well, you know what, if they don't like me, then I don't want to go to the school. They want to take you with luck, yeah, then you know, I was like in this like rebellious. You know, they, they count you looks on those interviews. I would think so. I thought I came off well on the infrared, you know, I got into one school, so someone like me. It's, it's very hard. People don't realize it. And I don't know what it is nowadays, but back in the 90s, it was extremely difficult to get into medical school. I think statistics were like one and every thousand per people who applied to it. Yeah, it was like, basically, we're ridiculous amount of people that applied. So a lot of guys had to either take the year off or they would try to apply to like go to like coordinator or these. Yeah, I knew you were going to say how to come in. What were we going to do to, we're going to go to, they would go to osteopathic school, you know, that was easier to get. One out of one thousand. I believe that was just, just, just, just, so what did, what was the, what was the 999 other people do not become doctors or not going to go to the, I was going to go to the osteopathic school, car practice school that would take a year off and then you could take these courses to like enhance. Here's a funny story. One of the guys I was very close with, this guy Steve's fail like. He didn't get in the first year, he didn't get any men in school. So he worked in a car wash, kind of car wash for the whole year. The kid was a mechanical genius with his hand. So when he got into school, it was this, you know, it's here to apply the year before we did. So he got in, he was in my class, he used to go to the gym together. He looked exactly like Andreas Munzer. The guy is like one of the premier plastic surgeons and they're definitely hills now. This is the guy that said, not only could he not get into school, but he actually, in the, the second year, right before you start your rotations, you have to take this test. It's like the part one of the boards, the medical boards. And he didn't do well enough on it because he was, he wasn't a good test taker. And they made of like repeat the same, like repeat, he had to go like summer school, obviously, you know. The kid was really smart too. And I don't know, I just think he just, I don't know, maybe didn't have confidence in himself. Me, hear me, I get a great score of the thing that I can drop out after like three months later. Yeah. I'm going to be a bodybuilder. Yeah. What about, so osteopaths, why was the osteopathic medicine easy to get into? Because I actually think osteopathic school I would have liked better because you know, I didn't even know you said that. I don't even know how to actually get there. Yeah. But it's, you know, the thing, snubbed this snubbed nose, the doctor's, medical, medical fraternity, you know. They don't see them as like real doctors. Yeah. My mother always told me there was a hospital named my house called the osteopathic hospital of Maine. There was a hospital. Yeah. And my mother used to tell me what else kid they're not real doctors. Which is stupid. You know, and it's usually because of that, it's so much harder for them to get residency. It's usually the smarter kids get into the, if you see a doctor is actually an osteopath and is like in a high position. It's usually because they're really smart. Getting into school is like, it's like, it's a formula almost, you know. I'm shocked that I got in because I had good grades, but I didn't have great grades. I had good MCAT scores, which is like the SAT footprint, but I didn't have great ones. And I had like a sport, maybe because I was well around that sports and, you know, I wrote this like essay that my father rewrote for me. He didn't really rewrite. He just spruced it up. Because I wrote an essay about my mom, like losing my mother and what it meant and it was, it was good, but my father made it like amazing. Okay. You still have him? You know, I don't, I, I'd love to read it if I said that. I would too. I don't know, because I like to read it because he's forced it up. Yeah, yeah, he just, he added a little, little twins to it. So I don't know if that helped you know, it's, it's everything together, you know, I think. And then of course, you know, you go for an interview and they see a personality. Yeah. So that helps, you know, obviously, you know, I was, you know, whatever. I don't know. I don't know. I, I, I, I, I got lucky, I guess. Plus, you know, when I went to a good school, going to a school that's like a pre-med factory, small liberal arts college, they have a high percentage people getting into medical, that definitely helps too. I think, you know, so. And then, of course, they did everything right. And then, but I didn't stay in school. I'm down. I'm out of here. Yeah, yeah. I just hope you guys are learning about it. I hope to help people get in shape for body-blowing competitions, you know. It's pretty much what it meant to, so I, I hate to, you know, I hate to report this, another death in our industry. Yeah, that's a pretty good front of yours. Yeah. My, I mean, yeah, he was a good, good, good front of our community. Really is what it, what it, what it meant to, Rick Dreson dive. You guys probably follow his YouTube channel. How old was he gave? 76 years old. I didn't know he was 76. What was 76? And I'm around forever, man. Yeah. He, um, he was, you know, body-builder back in the day with Arnold and those guys. He trained with all those guys. He was into the professional wrestling. He did for a while. He, um, he probably, both, he, the Hulk body-double or something like that. He would, he, he, but they did was back in the incredible Hulk, a C, T, V, series days, you know, Lou Frey, that was the Hulk, but there was a transition. When Bruce Banner would actually was called David Banner, like that was put a transition into the Hulk. It was a middle. It was like, they, they didn't have, like, all the, the stuff they have today. Right. So they would have like, like, an in-between Hulk. And that was the, called, the Demi Hulk. And he played that. And I guess it was an episode where he got stuck. Banner, he couldn't get to the Hulk, but he couldn't get back to Banner. And he was in the Demi Hulk and it was a whole episode, the mode of him. And he was, he starred in that episode, actually. I actually put the picture up. I did a tribute video to Monarch's muscles. So he just can check that out. And I put the picture up of, of him as the Demi Hulk. He looked just like, for a, no, he looked like a thinner, for a, for a, that was crazy the way they put the makeup on. It was really, really impressive. He did that. But probably, I think he's probably most well known for doing the Gulge Jim logo. Yeah. Do you think the logo? Did he do the World Duke, too? He did the World Jim, one, too. He was very good friends with Joe Goldie. He do a little bit on an app kit, believe it or not. And, uh, stuck. That crazy. How, like, you probably did it in two seconds. Yeah. We talked about in the hey day. We talked about it in the show sometime, the numbers. I figured with it, we do a mid-Gold's Jim, the T-shirts in Venice a day. Right. This is before Ed took over, I think. Yeah. You know, I mean, it's a gold's picture up here. No, I know, but people were going into, when Ed had golds when I was a golds, they would do 30 grand a day in T-shirts, else. What they really do in that much? So, 30 grand a day from that store. Ed's going to text me, he's going to say, yeah, we did that here. Easy. It was given the right one. What does that amount? 10 to 300? Is that a million a month? Ed, you know, was giving away. Half the merchandise, and it's all the body bills. It's the top level of the bottles. We're doing photos shoots in there. Bob Bonham, you know, trying to charge the rock. Seven, thirteen bucks for a t-shirt. You heard that story, right? No, no, really. Craig's Valentino told the story. The rock came into the work that it golds. And Carl, Joseph, Carl, not a golds, excuse me, a strong shape of the ship. And Carl, Philoponies, to work there behind the counter. And Carl, it was getting ready for the G&USA. So, the rocks are, well, you look good, you know, you know, you work in there, he goes, no, no, I'm just going to bat the training. Because what do we train together? So, it's Carl, it's a train to the rock. And Bob wasn't at the gym, Bob. He was, I don't know, he was still home, he hadn't gotten there. So, they finished their workout. The rocks in the locker room washing up. What are you talking about? Take me back to what year? I don't remember, probably ten years ago. So, Carl was in the, you know, at the front desk hanging out. Bob walks in, he's like, oh, good, Bob, you're here. The rocks in the locker room, we just did a workout. He's like, oh, good. Did you know what? He always be 14 bucks. Or 13 bucks doesn't make that. But what? Our team, so like, so that's nice things to Carl, what are you on for? So, he goes, the rock comes out of the locker room. He goes, hey, Bob, thanks, you know, for the great appreciate to work out everything. He goes, but Bob's like, excuse me, you know, you owe me $13. So, the rocks, you know, he's taking back, you know, the rock doesn't want to owe anyone money. He doesn't need to, you know, he's got plenty. Bob, what do I owe you money for? Remember, I gave you a t-shirt last time when you were in here? I guess the rock didn't have a shirt, the wear, something like that. Bob threw him a strong shape with t-shirt. You would think Bob would want to be like, you know, keep it, you know, wear it, right? You know, I mean, put us in Instagram and tell you a truth. You think everybody tries the rocks with the sculpture tight. And would give anything away back the day. Well, because it was marketing, it was franchising, you know, and had the first idea, but you know, there was pinch tripping around all the mirrors that said gold's gym. I didn't know why they did that. It told me they did that. So when they did the photo shoots at the gym, you would see the golds. Otherwise you wouldn't know a gym you were here. Brilliant. Yeah. It is so. Anyway, said, um, that's a funny story. That one Valentino tells it, actually, but that's logo was was drawn by Rick Dreson. So, and he had a very popular YouTube channel. You know, he was really an artist. It's really what he was. He would call himself a bodybuilder, I'm sure, but he was an artist. He could draw anything. He actually drew me a an original using the Golshim logo guy. He drew me like like an original thing and said, hey Dave, best, you know, wishes or something like that, Rick. And signed it, you know, numbered it. And so I have an original Rick Dreson piece of art. I have hanging in my, my office, which is pretty cool. It wasn't due to a lot of an athlete that was on a nice piece of paper. See that that napkin would have been a great addition to the bodybuilder and the whole thing. Do you imagine that Dave? I wonder if it still exists. I wonder if Rick has someone. I've been at Rick Dreson sketched the goldshim logo on. There you go. Put it up on, put it in the, like, the museum. Next. Yeah. Now that I have all this new property we bought, we probably have, I have a space. We can build the whole family. I can't have been saying all the 50 years. It's chocolate. We can put it in the gym. How about we, in the gym mobility, we'll build the whole family around the perimeter. You need that door and you get the door and pull over machine. Yeah. I think I'm not going to sell that. Yeah. I think I'm going to have that gym. I'm not going to have that machine. Yeah. Yeah. I think, why don't you guys, the machine, but he has, he does have the nodalist pull over machine. I think he bought it for door and someone during when comes to the gym. It is. Samaritan give you the program that he refused to sign the 90 degrees. He was in the hospital. Costs in the Olympia. Costs in the Olympia. Costs in the Olympia. Where the judge came up to him, what did the morning, would you sign? This is like promise. Everybody, no more. I can't sign everything. I'm too tired. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. Black Panther died. You heard that. It's going to go in the whole world. Hard that. Yeah. It's horrible, right? No, it no one even knew he was sick. Colin cancer 43. Yeah. Crazy. So I tell people, get you Colin, I'm going for Colin asked me that. I tell you. No, he didn't tell me. Yeah, I'm not done that. I'm not sure just a grand live at day. People would like to see it. Instagram at live, maybe I can get someone to, to film it while I'm getting the things shoved up by park, a camera. I told you, day today, I drove by. I do this maybe five years, four years. Yeah. I was like, I'm going to go to the right day pharmacy that I used to go to get into Ferron when I had stage three melanoma. Yeah, the most, the most, the most good thing. It's, no, it's just the most bizarre. It's not a nod of body experience, but it's just the most bizarre thing to drive by the pharmacy. Yeah, it was like, it was like your home away from home for a while about you. You knew everything was just like, you were there every day. It was just like the worst thing to have to go through. Go through. Yeah. You know, but you got to get the colonoscopy. You know, look, I, I put it off. I probably should have had 50 days. 50 days, I say. Now, I don't have any colon cancer in my family, but my, but there was cancer in my family, but my father had his polyps when he was later in my, but nothing cancer is they, he's clipped them out. So I don't know. I hope I don't have any. I'm convinced that my fiber license is protected in the safe guard of my colon. I hope. Yeah, you have to do that. The fiber can. I hope. I hope you should have no problems. Yeah, that's right. Put a lot of strength. You should have, she must think that you have no problems with the fiber. I don't know. I hope so. I don't, I don't have any symptoms of a black out. You don't have a copy of labor fiber. I'll let you know. No, I don't have a copy of labor fiber. You know, it's funny because, you know, I have this, the favorite lady, because I have the rhythm in. So I have to go get the colonoscopy done in a hospital as opposed to just like in the or what usually do in the office. I think they go through the, you know, this hospital. And now the new thing is, you know, you can't go into a hospital that's been testing you for COVID. It's not going to go back and I'm going to get tested the Monday before the, the colonoscopy. I'm getting on like a Thursday Friday. I'm Thursday. I'm getting the colonoscopy. So I got to go Monday this hospital. I have to get tested for COVID, which I'm not happy about because I don't want to be in the database. You know, not that I think I have it, but, you know, they say don't get the test. I don't know that they, you know, the conspiracy theory people say don't get tested. Don't get into the database. Bill Gates will have your name in your home address. He'll add extra chlorine to the pool. It's very, it's very. So I don't, so I got to do that. That's the end of September. I have a, I have a little ways up. I'm not really that nervous about it, but who the hell wants to get some, you know, camera shutter. You know, I have this, this, this, this, this, this, I have this, well, they are, they're shoving it up in the butt. Well, how is my supposed to say? What am I supposed to say? They're going to put the camera in up my anus. I mean, I don't have to do with you from his anus. You have to do it from his anus. I'm trying to add humor to the whole thing. It is fun. My brother died. I'm funny in the sense of what they're doing. I'm not, I'm saying, I'm trying to give him, I'm, I'm getting yelled at. It, I'm giving good advice to the people that they should get it, but I have to make some humor to it because it's sort of take away the, the stigma of the people. A lot of people don't go for a colonoscis because they're afraid of it, and they shouldn't be. They already, but I have to get my job to a, a swage everything and make them feel good about the whole procedure and not be worried about it. That's why I have to be a foreign, chronicler. If I do it, if anyone could do it, right? I've got to have this inequality given their opinion in the back of that. So anyway, we're very sad about Rick and obviously, Black Panther, you know what was that anywhere? What else is going on? I have a whole list. I had to make a list of as many things going on. So I interviewed Gary Udett yesterday. We obviously have the North American championships coming up this weekend. We must talk about bodybuilding, all we're at it, right? This is the bodybuilding podcast. And Gary has been jumping through hoops trying to get this thing off the road. You know, they've been... Did you ask for my head to check, did they force some change? Telled it, they can't... Well, this is the deal. You know, the hotel they normally have at it, that really nice one. One you love it, we love that. Yeah, I love it. We were talking about Gary and I mean, he's been having it for years. They're out of business. Can you believe it? Is it COVID? Yeah? What's the name of it? They were sold. It was the Sheridan Station Square. It's being sold because they couldn't stay open and they told Gary, Look, we can't do it. We just... We can't be installed in maintainers in a hotel. Are they going to change it and do it? No, they think it's another hotel chain is buying them or something like that. I don't know how it's... Gary's at there in the process of redoing it and being sold. Wow. And they told him that... It couldn't... That was a very expensive area that that hotel was in. And so I think it was very expensive to maintain it. I mean, the room rate there was very high. I mean, even with the special rate, I think it was like 250 and night. Now, people stayed there myself included because it was so convenient. But it was not like a cheap hotel. So I imagine if... For them to have to charge those rates, they probably had a very high overhead there. So, you... You're not... When you're not in this for six months, that can put you out of business. Yeah, it was. So yeah, that's... So he moved it to the... The wind them. And then they told him, because the governor... Just passed out some... Just... Saying, originally, it was supposed to be no more than 200 people were allowed in the venue. But now they said no more than 20. So he couldn't hold the show in the venue. So he said, the only other option was to take it outside. So he's like, well, we'll hold it outside. So evidently, you know, from what Gary told me, he was like, I didn't... You know, I said, let's rent the tent, but we're... We're going to put the tent. They'd be the parking lot, right? So I guess Jim... And then in him, knew some guy, his valet, who said they knew someone who owned the parking lots. So the guy's like, yeah, you could have it here. Something. So they had that and they got to bring in generators to run the lights and all the... You know, there's no air conditioner in there. They're not going to have fans, I guess. But they can only... They have to rotate people in and out of it because they can only have so many people. Even outside now, there's a rule. You can only have so many people. So it's... You know, he jumped through a lot of hoops and make this happen. And you know, I take my hat off to him because you know what? He kind of just can't sell it. You know, he could have pulled a plug. Yeah, but you know what? He knew how important it was. Matter of fact, it's funny, but you would think that there would be less people competing this year because of COVID. He actually has a record number of people. There was 1,400 people in the show over four days. Crazy. Yeah, crazy. But that's... But there's a lot of pro cards up for grabs. You'd be crazy enough to do this show this, you know? But you know, think about it. These people have been dining some of them for months and months. I have a lot of people in the show, so I know. Like, these people are troopers to be able to stick with it. You know, that long and everything like that. It really was a... it's not an easy thing to continue dieting. When you don't know when the show is going to happen or if it's going to happen. So, but then the people on Instagram on Instagram, like bashing them, saying, Oh, you... there's no, because the newest thing is they can be no crowd there. Because the state handed down, the governor said it had a meeting and said, Nope, can't have 125 people in the arena. Yeah, you have 25 staff members. What's the meeting to do? You know, doors. Even outdoors, you can't have them. Now they change that. So, there's... they're going to be playing around robbing people in and out, in and out, in and out. The pre-judging finals, you don't go home. And it's better than nothing, but you know what people are complaining of. People complaining, oh, I can't see my friends compete. Oh, I can't see my... husband compete. There's no audience. He's trying to set up a livestream that they'll be a typical watch from the hotel. But the bottom line is, you think the gallery doesn't want to sell tickets and make a shitload of money. Of course he does. You know, a lot of stress. He's lost his shirt this year. He knows how many shows of his book can't sell? Of course he wants to sell tickets and wants to have vendors. He can't do it. Then I let him. So don't bash the guy. You should be reporting him for still holding the show. Yeah, a lot of stress points. And look, I've had my run-ins with Gary in the fest, but this is... this is out of his hands. He's... he's bending over backwards to make this happen. With a lot of stress involved, you know. We have to have his backwards. We have to have his backwards. Maybe he's pulling us to the ease of 50 roll he's bending over. There you go. And that would be... that would be... that would be some more taste. Well, but it's midnight. What do you expect? Yeah. So anyway, so the master's... Pro World Championship or the Master's Pro World Championship, it's going to be taking place this weekend as well as the North American Championship, which is the open and the masters. So you have... it's a huge show because there's so many different divisions. Then the masters' nashals will be later this year. I think in October they moved that to. So this is a... this is a big show. This is... What's the 100? Crazy. Yeah. Yeah. Right? I mean, with everything that's been going on and just the whole idea of life, is the show going to go on. The show is going to go on. To get 1,400. I forget it. You know, what's the turn out this year? 200, 300? Yeah. All right. That's what Gary was afraid of. He was afraid no one was going to show it. Well, I hope he gets good brother. Yeah. Yeah. That's the... that's the... That's the... No, he said it for reins. They have to... they get to be busting people back and forth. They have a whole contingency plan set up. But he said that would really... It would be a big monkey wrench, you know, that that would certainly make me very difficult. But it's going to happen. They said, but not... but not give it up. So that's good news. Now, are you into the Tony Dardi? That's not the... but I want to show you. Maybe you're... By the way, subscribe to the Arts Council channel. There's a little subliminal. But I interviewed Tony Dardi this past week and also, who almost went bankrupt this past year, he admitted from the cancellation of the Arnold Australia. You don't want to know how much money that cost him to put on. Plus, all his shows, his local shows that he holds, you know, pro qualifiers, every... the whole year is canceled. And you know what he said, there's a very good chance that... and like a 90% chance that won't be an Arnold Australia 2021 either. I knew you were going to say that. Because they just can't get the international... people in there. That's a problem. Australia likes to... they want to... they'll never open the party. They don't want to ever let anyone in. Yeah. You know, so that's a tough one. That's a tough pill to swallow for him. That's his pride to join that show. Yeah, not only that, but you know what it is. It's like, if Gary didn't have the North America's this year, yeah, he never had an X-ray. But, you know, when you have a break in a year, it just throws off the momentum of, like, the show. Like, a lot of people might not. I mean, it's the Arnold. My point is maybe the Arnold may not be turned off Australia. Well, think about it. How do you get the competitors there? You know, you mean the year after, gave, let's say. Oh, I don't know. I think if it's up to Gary, I mean, if it's up to Tony, there'll be back. But, you know, who knows what the... In Tony's state where he is. Because, you know, they have different, like, look, you know, I guess the misspality is there. It's different from, like, where Lee priest is or the other point. In his area, you can't even... it's like martial law. You can't go into five kilometers from me house. You can't... You can only go to the park for, like, two hours a day. And that's it. It is a nighttime restriction. You can't go out at all. And it's crazy. And they find you. There's, like, like, five thousand dollars fine to get on the mask on outside. It's, like, really serious. And then you think we got to bed in the US to get them at. They got to really bed out there. So, and Tony can't even go to the Olympian issue. You know, he does all the interviews backstage usually to them. Because he's... But he can't travel. No, he can travel. But what they'll do is they'll quarantine him in a hotel and he gets off the plane in Australia for two weeks. And missp Christmas and New Year. So it's family. Because remember it's at the end of December there. So he's like, I can't do that. I said, yeah, it's not worth the Tony. I said to even just too much aggravation. So, I mean, you see, you know, we think we got a bed. They got a worse up there on Australia. So, that's, you know, there's a lot of craziness going on outside. What else do I have on my list here? Uh, boy. You know, I got to give a kudos to John Hanson who did a really good interview with Arnold's ex-girlfriend. Did you see that? Barbara Outland Baker. She dated Arnold. I don't know. She wrote a book and he sent that contact to her. He told me he did it. I watched the interview guys on as YouTube channel. And it was really good. If she dated Arnold for six years. But what I think she did was she interviewed him. Arnold allowed her to come in and interview him. Like, recently when she wrote the book, you know, a sex or something like that, whatever it was. And retock them and ask them all these questions. So the book was accurate. You know what I mean? But she gave some really, she gets a really good insight to Arnold. And his relationship with father. And you know, what, you know, if he was like a waitress, he met in some like, you know, a place and she was like working away through school. And Arnold could barely speak English. He had just come over there. You know, so she was with him from then till through his all as a limpia runs, you know. Boy, you said it was about 69. What was most insightful thing you learned? Um, I'm trying to think. I know, I guess Arnold was like just like the rest of us, like very immature, you know, when he first, you know, came about. He just, he was, he was a little, um, I don't know. She said that he, he, he, he found himself like he felt empowered by putting other people down and making a joke about it. You know what I mean? And I guess she, you know, he's still probably less than. I'm trying to put it in a go. What do you think he did? She would yell at him after she felt like that wasn't nice to say at the Franco or this one of that. But, evidently, from what she said that, you know, we didn't want to bring Franco up. Arnold was like insist and Arnold was like, I need someone to train with, I need Franco. And, you know, Joe didn't want to spend the money, you know, because he didn't think that Franco had the, obviously, the, the marketing appeal that Arnold had, you know. But he knew Arnold was like the press because Arnold didn't speak English that well and he was friends with Franco, so they brought Franco over. But she said he was like, you know, she was, he was, you know, how like, body bowls today just the only ones to talk body bully and are immersed in body and they'll want to hang out. That's the way Arnold was. Yeah, of course, look at it. I mean, you're like, you were right. You're like, well, he wanted to do his body bill. You're like, you're like, right? She's like, only he was talking about body bully and hanging out with body bully. Yeah. You know, crazy, right? He was traveling all over and she was like in school, you know, so she was like, you know, she, she, I don't think she, she took too kind of. I had, I had a feeling Arnold wasn't so loyal to her, you know, while he was dating her. Got that impression from her, you know, from the way she was revealing. That he wasn't that, but it was, it was insightful because she was there like she knew everyone. She knew all the players Jack Lane. She told the funny story. Jack Lane, she met, she meets Jack Lane. And she's like, you know, I had bought one of Jack Lane's exercise pieces, you know, back in whatever, six days when he was marketing and TV. And when I met him, I said, you know, Jack, you know, it's great to meet you, everything like that. And I had ordered what a year. I think, actually, he said, you never got it, you know, you took my money and I've just, you never said to me. And he's like, why didn't you contact me? But, but, but, but he was like, a little apologetic. Evidently, oh, it's picking a marketing. Arnold, and the hard had no money. You know, they were like, bro, Arnold was like, do anything to make money. You know, because there was no money coming in. So Arnold decided he was going to sell these courses online, like, you know, you sign up. It was expensive. Like, and they Arnold would write this whole program for you and everything like that. And, and basically Arnold collected all the money and then he had it and he had to send these courses out. He, he was, he was, he was, he was ready. Yeah, nothing. You're nothing. He had to sit down and just do it because it was good money and they, that's how they were supporting themselves. You know, which I was giving him like advertising pages. And she's like Arnold did it. I don't know. He sat down and he's the hammered out of all of them. And that that it wasn't like right on the computer. You had to do it wrong hand and type it. It was the nightmare. She's like, but he always found a way. She said, even I, you know, even when, you know, he, I guess he would hang out with a lot of, you know, wealthy people like Joe and a couple stars and they were like, you got to invest in real estate. So Arnold, you know, bought his first apartment complex and he lived in the, like, the superintendent's like, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not. That's what the right word. The manager's office. The manager's apartment. He lived it. So he lived in the manager's apartment and then he rented all the other units out. That's like a Chris, a suit of movement. Yeah. Well, I always say by the fool you and it live in one. Yeah. Yeah. And that I, I don't, I think it was more than four units, but I, I know, it was 12. Yeah. Was it 12? You know, it was a man. I'm somewhere red. He made good money from that. Yeah. And what did he sold it? He bought something serious after that. He was like a Jay color, Chris, Cidna movie made. Yeah. Maybe you guys copied him. But he must have scraped the entire nickel. He worked. Yeah. To buy that. Maybe somebody gave him a little extra money. So as a down payment. But you could do crazy stuff like that back in those days, Chris. You know, the, the banks would give you a mortgage, you know, like it wasn't so, it wasn't so difficult. He probably got Joe to co-sign or something like that. You could get a mortgage on like easy. I mean, not easy, but the infinitimal amount of paperwork was, that you have now was like, was pages. Yeah. It was, you know, it was, it was, it was an extra thing. So when I go to a closing game, I always say, I'm buying the building, not the block, right? Because paperwork is essentially says, you know, we will only if you don't pay us. Right. Right. So I'm going to go on all 100 pages. Yeah. Yeah. Who do you, that's why I don't want to read it. Sometimes it's like, I have a really good picture though. So all the bad news is, I got, I got to, I got to show you a good picture. Let me see if I could pull this thing up here. Good news. Who's this? That's that natural bounty in my glass. That's a lot of money. That's a lot of money. That's a lot of money. That's a lot of money. That's a lot of money. That's a lot of money. That's a lot of money. That's a very good picture for his ruling. People were like Mr Henry Schoutes. Remember, it's me. I write it with Jack Nicholas in a luncheon and in Sean Ray cheated. Mulligan, heavy, heavy shuttty says Mulligan, Such alden. I'm only 200 tests to year, I'm going to react to it! But only on $30,000 and then we'll try to cloud it out. Yeah. Well in the end, it's behind that. his insulin protocol, the product's 45 pounds. I remember when he was a kid. Because he doesn't look as blown on the calves. NASA had crazy calves. Oh, crazy. He got insulted. Did I ever tell you that story? I have a lot of nasty stories. I always forget. Dave Pumble, he's fraud. He never went blind. I met NASA. He graduated at eighth grade. Listen, I met that. I met NASA in California. I'm trying to think what the why we hooked up in California somewhere. He came, I think I was at the Marina Pacific Hotel. He came and visited me. I cannot figure out why I don't know if he was going to be in Cal, it was going to be in Venice anyway. And we had a mutual friend. And he's like, oh, come by any. Any. He come by came by with me, my room, or maybe we ate together. And I said, holy man, you show me his calves. His calves were enormous. Like he's a, I'm like holy, back. I said, I said, using central on those calves. And he got insulted. But he didn't tell me he got insulted. He told my friend after what they were saying. So that's what I said. I said, thanks. He's funny. Yeah. I said, why would it be? That was a compliment if he didn't get used to. Yeah, he is so shocked. You were assume that you have to support him. Because he was asking me a million drug questions. You know, NASA trying to take it now. It's like, oh, how much insulin do you know? I'm just a bit of a geochib. So I'm like, I said, now it's holy. Look at those calves. And he was like grinning. He had that grin, you know, with the one eye, it was a little lazy. Like I got the calves. You know, I said, I thought, do you put sinful on those calves? They huge. Now I thought that was a relevant question. Given that he had asked me 400 questions before. Yeah, you know, you're not a log ask. You know, any questions? Yeah. He can ask you all the questions we've had. I said to him, so I, like two years later, we were best posed by us. And you were you insulted by me asking if he had sinful on calves? Yes. Yes. Yes. Very, uh. Did you guys go in? You guys do an appearance together at the Arnold and by imagining that. At the Arnold? At the Arnold? Way back. I'm talking 92. No. No. I didn't even know that. That's a little. He said, uh, I was very insulted because I work a very hard and I have a good calves. And why you would didn't. Tommy's at once the mass of jaws моейfa murderoni. Turn rearville or having painful joints, and no, and otherwise there's a huge explosion, but one of the most severe emotions that I admire often. Five, five, six, six, six, and five. Yeah. Right. Right. milligrams, after the third, I said, Scott, do you think that's it if you're not using Synthonic calves and I think you are using Syntholic, is that a compliment? Any stop for sukhan's? That even say anything. Maybe I jumped the gun too much. So now I had a whole juist up, you know, I had a more like, I was struck in Ziegol a little bit there about how great his calves were. I said, I think your calves might be bigger than Dorians. Then that was really good, you know, feeding them a line of, you know. He was once on, I'm kind of figure out he was getting ready for a show and he was at the goals. He was at goals Venice and he was on treadmill for three hours. Really three hours? Yes. Wow. What speed? Like one. Good. Barely on. So it's like, I mean, the slow it, like, try to probably. But his weight, you probably still was very in calories. It's like, you know, it's someone. Okay, you got it. Someone said to me, I forget who called me because I was no, I don't know what year was and they said, Nasser's been on there for this is going, you know, he's kind of on our number three. And machine is barely moving. And I said, well, listen, you know, if you drive a motorcycle from where I live, the Boston, you might earn four out, you know, 10 gallons a feel. But if you drive an 18 wheeler, even if you barely move the 18 wheeler, even if you go five miles an hour, you burn 20 tons of much feels the motor. Absolutely. He's probably burning a lot. He's got to be everything. Or he's got so much sent on the cab. He just can't walk past. Oh, my God. Anyway, New York pro coming up this weekend as well. We have a busy weekend in bodybuilding. Pretty exciting, right? That we actually have a pro show, folk photos. Only two people are a lot of me audience. I'm just kidding. I, yeah, I wonder what the rules are for, um, engine all the time, you know, or Florida. Is this a funny how we have so many cases you're in this number, friction to see. You have to go in the governor. The governor who he's afraid is one. He wants a good real life, that's one. Yeah. All right, let's, let's look at this, uh, they don't have the near pro lineup. So I actually texted Steve Wyberg. Oh, what's going on here? Where? Texted Steve Wyberg's and Steve. What's going on with New York pro? And he said to me, um, the list will be out tomorrow. I said, Steve, we're doing kind of a rakey I shot tonight to throw. Who's in the shot? He said, well, John Delirows is in the show. Um, let me see what his list was. Yeah, uh, Patrick Moore, right? Are you helping Patrick? Yeah, I'm helping him. I was standing. What does he, what does he weigh? I don't know. Stop playing. Let's go. Next Charles. Angerous. And he's pretty sure Evan sent the party's to. No, let's come back, Joe. So it's a pretty good lineup. I have Phil Klohar in the lineup as well. We are just place for the chance. So he's, I think he's going to be a surprise guy. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, I, I think it might be a good show. I don't know who I'm sure there's going to be some other guys in that show. We're all right. Like 258. Yeah, that's great. Today. What was his last show? Uh, laughing that, but not as, in those conditions. Yeah, he's a great. I think he's, I think he was, I think, you know, he was good for Tampa. You got to remember. He was ready. He was competing earlier this year. You know, you know, and then they pulled the plugs. I had a DP, him, and then repeat them. And he just wasn't, he was good for Tampa, but he wasn't as fast. I think it'll be as fast as here in the yard, which is ironic that he lives in Tampa. So it's really convenient. He doesn't have to travel. He didn't have to travel with the Tampa. He doesn't have to travel to the New York Province. To the Tampa. And they moved this, the Chicago project. So that's, that's a, that's a, a plant that. He kidding me. Yeah. Yeah. So, it's happening. Same weekend, it's just going to be in Atlanta, which is probably easier to get to. I was thinking, well, it depends on you. I guess we're becoming from both. Yeah. Look, these promoters are jumping through hoop, but they're making it happen. I was talking to Gary about it. You know, Gary's like, look, you know, the great thing that we really have to be thankful for, and he's right, is that Jake Wood is running the Olympia. Because if AMI was running the Olympia, they wouldn't be an Olympia this year. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. What's his taste, can. Well, even if Packard didn't get that fired, AMI would never have helped the Olympia. They would have canceled it, you know. So the fact that Jake Wood is now owns the Olympia, he's a bodybuilder at heart. I mean, he's a fan at heart. He's a bodybuilder at heart. He loves the sport. He said he will make this show will happen. So, come high and hold a word of this going to be the Olympia. You know, so there might not be any audience there, but there's going to be an Olympia. Yeah. So that's good news for bodybuilding, especially since Phil Heads comes back. So I'm most excited to think that happened to bodybuilding in the whole year, please. So I was talking to one of my, Saudi, canterrutt and connections. I said there was a debate. They have a little private, once an app group, they talked about. And they were debating, I guess, how Brandon's going to do it. And I guess Brandon's trainer Abdullah was saying that there's no way Brandon's going to lose. Phil will never beat him. He's the best trainer, a lot of not a lot of not. So this guy in friends with supposedly, this is, you know, I didn't see that the actual chap, and he said he, this is the story I'm getting. Told Abdul, and he would bet him $100,000 that Phil will beat. Brandon. So Abdullah supposedly was taking the bet. And supposedly it was going to be a third party that actually held the money. So that, you know, this one gives 100 grand, this one gives 100 grand whoever wins. The third party gives it to the, the make sure that everyone gets paid because, you know, people don't pay on 100,000 all that. So this guy, um, sends the 100 grand to the third party. And then Abdul says, oh, no, I thought it was for $10,000. Well, it's not a show. And then he's back out of the $10,000, too. So there's no bet. I guess Abdul is not as confident as he was liking the boy. He said that he's the best trainer out there. Chris and Chad, they know matchfade. So we'll see what happens if Sean Rodin and Ramies in the show. Although, you say Ramies not working with Chad anymore. No, I hear from him as I hear. What's the rumor? I already was working with me. Oh, really that would that be like his tenth training. What? Well, I mean, of course, you can't be surprised if that's the truth. I'll tell you one thing. Ramie, my strategy might be that to become a great, the greatest trainer of all time. He can call everyone's, you know, from every single trainer he's worked with. He knows everyone's protocols, right? Chris, I've got the sodium. When we also take the insulin with the tennis James, I do this with this. You know, Phil is Phil is shown a time and time again that he's hard to beat. You know, I mean, it's going to be no walk in the park. We know that. He's never has carry even ever beaten and filled now. I think we've got a punch in. I mean, that's that's what you, you know, you can say. You know, even previous to Sean Beaton, Phil that he's got some punches in, you know, 2015, 2016. You know, Phil's shown, you know, then he's hard to beat. That's why I said ask for him. He asked Phil, ask Dexter, ask, Oh, neck, ask, hurry, ask, Roli, I mean, the list goes on. Yeah, he's being a mall pretty handling for us seven years. So, you know, he has to be considered. He's has to be considered the heavy favor. Yeah. Well, the difference is also he didn't lose because he had like half a lap like Ronnie did or half a bicep like Doran. You know, he, he has, he just, he had a, the distinction, an aesthetic problem, basically what an amount to two. And Sean just was at his best. No, I mean, he just, he's right. I was just going to say that Dave, you took the words he lost because of timing, meaning Sean was at his, if Sean was not at his absolute best. It's going to work. He went out of line. You could rewind it to 15. Sean was like, at that point in this career was at his absolute best and Phil wasn't until Saturday night. You know, I mean, the timing. So you, you have to be consistent both nights. There's just so much that goes on to one in that show. Yeah, really, right. Hey, we're getting back to New York pro. Where do you think given who we have mentioned? And I think there's probably a couple of names probably that we haven't, uh, better of the on that list that we haven't talked, we're not going to be talking about yet. But, you know, given if we haven't evidence-onsifying the lineup, you know, I don't know how his quad looks ever since he, you know, yet the tour of the quad few years ago. I'm sure it looks good, but evidence of everyone can feed of it didn't. We have John Delirosa who's always a threat up there. We have obviously passion more who's, you know, was the man of the, I guess the talk of the town last year. I think it'll be the talk of the town. That's Charles is always dangerous. I think it's dangerous too. It comes on, you know, that show depends who's at the best. It's a good matchup because you know, no one's really like hands above the other ones, you know. They all have weaknesses. Yeah. I mean, everybody has weaknesses. Period. There's not somebody like. Well, what's, let's go through every person. What's Matt Charles's weakness is legs. Back. His back is weakness. Back double doesn't have detail. Hamsters and glutes are vaguely there. I think it's the lower part, but it's probably his. Yeah. What's John Delirosa, he's pretty balanced. I mean, if you don't know, it's extremely balanced. He's saying maybe he doesn't bring that. He's shining. Paper fence again. You know, if it comes down to that, if it comes down to that. He can win the show if he brings it, if he brings it. But for sure. What's Patrick more as weakness? Um, overall size, but probably be hidden with outrageous condition. Yeah. Yeah. He's going to let me align a piece. He's got tough. It's tough because he's he's not big enough yet. But I mean, I don't know, he must have put on some size of the course of the last year. I'm sure. Well, I mean, there hasn't been any here. He did the look. He did the Arnold, he did this. So, but he's bigger. Yeah. Oh, he's these these bigaries dancers, but, you know, we're going for condition. Right. No, I'll. I'll let that guy scroll this week. Right. And evidence of the pine, you know, potentially like. I'll potentially. Yeah. I mean, It has a bent on stage. You know what I mean? It's hard. It's hard. It's hard. It's hard. It's all clear. You never really can be the one. But also if you haven't been on stage for a long period of time, sometimes. It's just hard to peak your body because you haven't done it. Right. It's funny how I haven't even seen. I don't think he's even put a picture on his Instagram. Basically. Yeah. He had a back shot somewhere. So one Sunday. Yeah, but was that the was that recent? Yeah, it was recent. The shoulders and arms are insane. I'm looking at his Instagram. I don't really see. What do you see? Cabbage and salmon? No. Yeah, pretty much. I like to be a. I mean, you know, the old. Cabbage, salmon, a tractor. Everything's got to last. And maybe probably the animal. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What's the name of the company's been with the 20 years? Animal. Animal. Universal. Universal. He's lucky. He's got. He has a they even put him on the containers. You know, the uses image. They don't let him go anytime. So they've very loyal to their people. They need to go on. He works for them for like 20 or 20 years. Yeah. Yeah. They stick with someone in the using. So I guess that's good to have. I mean, he wasted good looking. I use a marketable guy. You know, so. You don't have to compete to be, you know, to be a. Image of a product line, you know. They probably use them more now than they did when. When he actually was first coming up. You right. I always used to say that. How can they put you on in the any. It's a. I used to be like all the time. He's like, well, they have these weird ads. They run. They don't really put people's pictures in there. So put like by the police and arm. Company that's been around a long time. Yeah. Yeah. They were around from. Probably one of the first companies ever, right? Along with through twin rabbit back in those days. So I've remember from when I first started lifting. They had animal packs. Yeah. Like 400 pills. Yeah. I was thinking. Yeah. Actually, I think they gave up. We were looking. I was looking at the other day. They're webbing. I think I like do powders. I think everything's like powderized. Why? Because people would probably choke on all those pills. I don't know if those pills have any dissolve. Some of the pills look like like a pill. They were giving a horse, right? Yeah. Well, they were like that. They were tablets. And I don't the tablets don't really die. Desol very easily. So I think that they found the power. The powders are probably cheaper to make. You know, once you put everything in capsules and tates and it's a pain in the neck. So hey, you got to evolve at the times, right? So look at works. I think they probably sell more overseas than they do domestically. I think that's where they're really strong because they always do fibo and all those big shows overseas. Although fibos cancel this year. We may never see another fibo again. You may be right. It's crazy. We think about a thousand people under one group. Yeah. And the next year. No. That's the crazy thing. We're not going to be here. Like in 2021 and say, oh, everything's fine. You're going into the auto. Yeah. Pretty much. It's so dope. Not going to be the same. I think it's going to be illegal back to being close, but it won't be the same. Who knows when they get to tell everyone that it's okay to actually interact with other people. You know, Romano claims it's after the election because everything's going to be fine. He's going to want the elections over. There's only no more restrictions on anyone. I said, I hope you're right. I said, I don't think you're right, but I hope you're right. You know, speaking of restrictions. My theory is that I don't even know if I said this or I, well, I don't even want to put it out. Because you're like, no, no, no, no, no. I'm not putting it out. Because you're like, yeah, it's a real case, Terry. No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm just talking about retracing it. I just think of my role and it's caused a death. So Steve Wymer is holding the show. And I get, you gotta take your hat off the Steve too. And I'll tell you why. Because Gary is making money. Obviously he's, he's, it's application fees, right? It's about two, fifty or something like that per person. Do the math, you know, don't be money. Steve is holding a pro show. These athletes don't pay entry fees. There's no audience that I know well, there's probably a limited audience I would think This is a very good cost to say what you have to do Yeah, I can't see him making any money and I you know I'm sure he's doing it just because we need a near-art problem We need to have some qualifiers for the Olympian See you got a really you got to really say you know good job Steve I mean I know Steve's made a lot of money over the years and everything like that But this is the rough year from his gym wasn't open for six months He hasn't held a single show like since you know the beginning of the year. You know so You know This is really a a labor of love he's doing you know because There's no money to be made at the show. He can only lose at this show you know Hopefully they can somehow one of he can get some of the amateur shows with his off I don't know they still hold the team universe or is that canceled? I don't know really I don't I almost like any of trying to keep why I didn't give up trying to keep track because everyone I know who is competing in a show anywhere on this earth has had it either post-poned or canceled I'm serious with the exception of The New York Pearl and the Tampa those are the only really two shows Actually we had the Omaha this past weekend Of the Savannah and the Omaha I mean it was this been some shows I mean they have been some shows Yeah, I feel I He's got a couple shows in English though, you know he's got a couple shows and I've told a team universe is Rescheduled for no member 12 through the fourth date so that that's a big show for him Yeah, oh, that'll be like You know what the mark with an exhilarating oh, I don't know where they're gonna hold it they're usually holding in Jersey I don't even have to be able to You know this poor guys and to tell us Jim Yes Yeah, they were they were being fine 500 all the day they lost their business license One of these guys running percent it made their Jim a campaign headquarters Yeah, well, you know he did that so then that the Jim's open they're they're actually have people working out there So it's not technically a Jim so they It's a campaign It has Finiscuitment right right these guys is you I mean I take my head off to them I would not want to get into it look at the loophole in the law Yeah, I wouldn't want to get into the campaign office and then have a Jim I mean Exercise equipment there's nothing worse than in antagonizing the in the governor of the state You have to hold your position they might have just moved the floor at this point open and Jim down there move the whole Jim So that's that's that but what else is going on with you guys? We had the you didn't review the Savannah All right, right we did have that hold up and the classic and you're right. Thank you. Thank you. I'm glad that you will mind of me the land of Murray Savannah Pro Land is a big conference promoter now All right, let's see Let's put this up here on the screen here Is it funny that lenders the only like Miscellenty that really you know Promote shows and as a Jim and Chad have oh that's true yeah, that's true. Yeah, I I am just a long time, you know just not a pro show Although they did have a pro show because they had that crazy lighting that people love the vine Wilson finally gets the wind Chris I'll be going to the Olivia 20 to various second Third place Jonathan hammer kid guy You disappointed are Oh, I mean I thought he looked tremendous You know I thought he looked tremendous I just you know to my Wilson looked tremendous in the guy I got second I don't know look tremendous well what your and Dad was fourth and his death was in that right here What do you think uh Let's see what some picture up here yeah, you tell me You tell me Enough that you $100,000 at your home I should really talk about the junior sails is best That's right that you know what's this weekend See you to go off galore date Here I was ready to wrap the show up that I know by the way the junior USA Legendary virtual happened okay, let's spend doing after the time Yeah, no Because you know at the shows is so when the shows are too big I think you don't even want to do anything with it because it's too big Well, you don't have to cover all the classes but yeah, oh, but it's still a bit I don't even know what you get that way on what the NPC news yeah, I don't know if I'm looking for pictures I don't see him and he's not yet Very good pictures no, I'm PC do I do it I see the the I if you'd be specific USA pro They actually call also one another show. I think this is a 20 first year Yeah, this year Crazy that's a They all have masks on to see this picture I did see it someone sent it to me Oh yeah, he did Where was that show how Dave? It's summer I think he was in California Yeah, because in California they're crazy about the masks Where was that hole there next next again to come be your computers and your guns To put making you wear a mask how funny is that it really levels the playing kill for some of these girls That right because No, I got some brother really good looking and it helps their placing in bikini You only look only look at the what next down now when I can't let you know the body yeah, believe I there was a girl there was a female who used to compete years ago. I'm like a sail she was like a machine She was she was not attractive but she had the the best physique I thought up there and I used to sit with jam I'm like man if the girl was better looking she would be mislippy like you're right So she would be doing great She'd be doing awesome if if this was the case Oh my god Chris we can't make this stuff up Let me see if I can find that one it's on NPC the one the merge NPC knows I've already looked at pictures they're great pictures I don't know why I can't find it NPC news online I want it come on I'm looking for the pictures with the optimum classic this past weekend too only macro yeah Jam was there interviewing people That's why I can't see it because there's so many people there's so many interviews from that show I think you click on the Lendon Murray's the van Aron then you can let's say gallo res here or something I'm receiving a fire they got a lot of GSA coverage that's the problem Jam interviewed everyone there Some Look I can't I can't be said let's let's talk about the junior I say for now when we go back to be on the one Kyle pocket money overall See this guy He's your video girl champ Nice guy good sweet I got to remember the overall Ben's body don't chamfer he does not get a pro card to junior I'll say we've Complained about this few years Yeah, thank you This is the uh this is the overall shirt No So look at the has super anyway Stack Stack Stameless This guy's thick This guy's thick That card good legs Gums Crazy arms yeah Let's go back I'll take a look at through one the Uh Cresharms is the heavyweight Good conditioning structure not great See oh Very weak very weak kind of body look at this is like no one in the body boy Joe That's called the writing on the wall day What do you give a pro card so no one wants to do it? I'm sorry to be the announcer of bad news about it I'm saying that for like three years It locked in things out of what I mean it Here's your classic winner now green really good right? Look fabulous Skin spring I'm shocked that he hasn't called you. This is a typical look acido Yeah, yeah, totally brown Good arms like those crazy arms Flurry quads Good separation. How many looks ten times better in real life do not know absolutely All right, well look we we we see this just goes to show you they're getting a give a pro card You get the best people out there if you don't give a pro card no one wants to do it It's just the way it goes That's that's the that's the society we live in now back in the day you would happy to place You know top five at the junior USA Like a you would be like yeah, it was a huge accomplishment Right, I mean they were like man you you really you did a great you know I should be kidding You know the crazy the competition was so crazy is you know this year you can make top you maybe get you know top 10 of the nationals You got fourth of the juniors maybe if you're lucky you'll crack the top 10 The right Right, if they were it was so competitive people don't mean don't know that it was So deep so many competitors per class they do the quarter turns as a cutoff Right, yep, and you walked up the stage and you maybe not even you didn't do pre judging that was it top I didn't even hit a front double Yeah, they did you you did how you front double look? I don't know I always 15 I got a vianis that was good. I never I ever experienced the like to see a mixture From them thank god now I found this a van of brush out pictures Let's look at the vine Wilson who won the show who looked tremendous here I think this is best these look first Just really I mean You can't almost you can't take it away from the guy. I mean he was I never stayed in the plane before yeah clean lines in the quads That's what we say all packs You know But some people put the comparison shuttle so yeah Go through the compulsory Sorry there is hammer in the middle. That's not the first call out Let me pull the comparison shots I have to pull it up certainly You You know handprint looks so impressive I'm sorry I'm not sure I did it but you look so impressive in those in the call outs Well the height and the frame I don't know how he doesn't win these shows because you know it It's like you like you don't want anyone else it's pretty zipper to this show too I will say with it. I mean the vine is good but I I Let's all pull the picture Now Dave you don't know I mean handprint looks pretty good in that picture right there Oh yeah yeah it looks like it's like 69 And he can tell he's squatting down a little bit too It's all in that picture yeah I'm shocked that he got fourth here I could say I could almost make a case for second You know But Let's let me pull up a back shot You sound like Jose Was he there? No that's what Jose said I would pull up a bunch of Well the abs his abs are just wacky yeah Not that it's an abshow Because it holds the hands of wacky too He's like a little Ronny takes forever to get into a shot this kid Is this a one-to-transition shots do you notice that yeah yeah LeVron would take forever right They you remember they would yell at him Yes Like hit the star right No, who could kill us right LeVron? Yeah, screaming out of like yeah right whatever So that's the line to the the second in the middle Yeah, yes, thick and then you got Hamburg to the left to him and then they got the second place guys to the to the right I can't judge from pictures it's hard Yeah, because you keep on You You I'm not being near the promise because it's not you're not there in person. I know it's it's not being it's not the same I look at food pictures online then I go to restaurants when you when you analyze the pictures Okay, as this coach I mean what do you see is would you like see better? Thickness is the only thing you can I mean Is that why divine when see her because he's got the thick upper back. Yeah, he's got you He's got the thick upper back. I mean I'll try to defend Jonathan and say look at he's got to try to lower Lats in the back double And it's glutes and heems a chisel Yeah, and he's gonna he's got a good V tape around it. You know what I mean? And Tony de Veres and second is no there's no joke No, no, very good. Well, very very good very good You're a public official that I divine here one second. I mean you're all very good. Yeah, yeah, it is like that You know, I think it might come down to muscle size. I think you know I think divine is also put in the taste of his hold it so He had some Close calls Look at that shot. Yeah, it looks tremendous in that shot. You know a lot of separation he did his homework here You know I came in when you lose to a guy who's who looks like this you really can't you really can't be too I mean, right how old is Amber guys still really young he's he'll be gay he'll be dead Well, he's still be able to make the the way class you think oh yeah, he's a plenty of Why on you yeah, but this is high right? Yeah, yeah, I gave the high gives him like an extra He can fill out like another he can weigh like two six dance stage problems He'll be if he puts on four pounds between now and the Olympi with this conditioning And he can just buy because he's 22 you know what I mean when you're 22 things like happening by the month Yeah, that was a dead I remember that year I cheated every day for a month and I gained 22 Well, you could you could actually you can gain muscle between shows like Remember the running between the 91 junior nationals and the nationals was like a week's in a game like what like 10 pounds of muscle Let's look at asha Ashley had Lee the asha had Lee the female bodybuilder who One this I have to say this is probably one the first female libel this year that I'm actually like kind of impressed with Where she looks oh yeah, I know exactly the image she looks very good and I agree shape She's in good shape and she's She's actually has a nice you know muscle It was great guys, you know great guys great all the size we you know Gary and I were talking on the Gary unit on the interview we did and we were saying how Hit Tyler and him are now like really talking to these these women's Physicurals that are coming up and say hey why did I do well or and he's like who women's bodybuilding We're putting we're pushing a lot of people to bodybuilding. I said I said you know You would say that for two years Well Gary why do you just combine the divisions if this I don't make the rules you know Gary Down at that one right quick, but but it's true. I mean they should combine the vision but if they don't And they're gonna keep the two Wives these women's physique girls should just go into bodybuilding at this point you know Jake's given away a ton of money for Price money at the long Yeah, so you'd be crazy not to someone like I should She's perfect. I mean this up. There's a lot of girls out there that that that easily can cross over and do well on women's bodybuilding These girls are afraid they think that women's bodybuilds of that pick who who would they have to be afraid of the only person that they really should be afraid of his Irish Kyle and Iris is not 30 years old Yeah, she's just girl commission right She's got a good structure to obviously, but um You know she's she's one 10 Olympia's already. It's not like she's not like fresh off the press of the Speed so Well see what happens. I mean look they get to do it Everything want to do I don't think that it's warranted to have two divisions at this point I told Gary that I said Gary and it's in there's no distinction unless you guys are gonna start Marking these women's physique girls down for being too big and too hard You know then It's meaningless to have two divisions, you know What they really should do we've said this before Chris is they should just make it like classic bodybuilding They should they should make a height weight restriction This way the girls can't get any bigger than a certain amount You know that would certainly limit the size of them and then you now you have two separate divisions You know your bodybuilding get as big as you want you have you know Women's physique you have to be be a certain weight for your height, you know Take it from you Right I'm that makes sense I mean That's the only way to limit them because you're not if you tell the judges to limit them They can't it doesn't first show one or two shows and then it goes right back to what it was because The body a judge looks at someone and they want to vote for the best person on stage So they can't just say but we're gonna mark this girl that even though she's the best one on stage The best one to muscular So what you do is you put a limit on the weight and then they if they can't make the weight then yeah, then that's the limit Right there That's the doing for the the classic bodybuilding. It's working great, right? I mean right No one's getting out of control in class body, but we just you can't Yeah, it's it is working Good All right, well Just as I said, boots and hands would become like peels out of what you see that you see these guys the top three in the show Cup five You said that would be the biggest mistake in class to make it I think boots and hands show it's a good it's back to what it's a ham show yeah well, you know in lieu of it I was wrong because it's fine Because they're rewarding still the whole body Yeah, sometimes a bodybuilding you can have the greatest glutes of ham to destroy people with no glutes in ham And the development's terrible True in here, you know they take it everything into consideration still because I Still I still see people Without great glutes and hands But better classic bodybuilding was beating people With better glutes and hands yeah, well structures much more important. Yes, I would say yeah, they're weighing that still heavily Which is what you're looking at is hammer true good looking at the condition in the structure and probably the size Still I think you he's got a big frame. He's got to fill it out still Once he does once he does he might be missed all Mr. Olympia If he does Yeah, it's still waiting for ramming it when he'll want to be a so How many years we worked wait ten years? 10 11 coaches ten years 11 coaches And he didn't even get people on year He didn't even get people 90 All right, well, you know what I want to send out the condolences once again to Rick a Jason's family and You know, it's very sad that we lost him but it was a good guy and a lot of people gonna miss him and miss his channel Channel still be there, but you know, obviously we'll see any new interviews and of course so good luck to all the competitors That are gonna be doing the New York pro this weekend and the North American championships Hopefully you get you will have a live stream so we can check that out now I don't know what is New York having a live stream I don't even know I've got to ask you I'm gonna suit me because I think you got to The only thing will be able to tell is pictures from one photographer's little probably No Because pictures and They're not always Yeah Christmas when remember you'd go to a show the 90s you all you'd have is like a like a little you remember the Camus the throw a Camus you'd be this you'd be like this big in the in the picture and it was blot and it was blurry at that you know So All right guys, you know what to do? Uh, it's that time again Heavy muscle radio Truth hearts good night everyone and we'll see you next week good luck to all the competitors this coming weekend Hope you're gonna see some great Olympia qualms Let's go