10th and 9th You're one and only There ready for two guys who can't hit a retreat The truth you can't handle it from what we can't be Lombon Chris Asito Our Exfossil.com presents every muscle LIM Watch out Welcome back to another episode of heavy muscle radio I'm Dave Palombo and I'm joined as always By the technicians Chris Asito On this I can't believe we're saying August 3rd 2000 and 20 evening and Chris We have a show to report on In your movie It's a great idea I know people are going to kill us for not talking anything Bodybuilding It's in the books Huntel Abraut, a pro debut Like his father, Wins it Going to the Olympia at the end of the year Are we seeing a dinosaur here? Another second generation We had surgery We did the duty first and now we have They both won the first pro shows The difference is Huntel Abraut has better genetics and his father He looks exactly like his father He does He's a big brother He's bigger And leave a barren I never really had a back That will buy some sort of speak Close your eyes and think of Sean Rays back To buy something that And then think of let's say Lee's who was a weak Very weak body part for him Lee was a lot shorter than Huntel He was a lot shorter than Huntel But better high five as mother for the extra genetics But the high... You're right The width It's a good... See? Big mom You know it's funny But Huntel looks exactly like Lee And everyone says that Lee was five foot six And Huntel is only five, five, five, five, five, nine It's not really that big He says that there's no way That... Hunt... I mean, Lee was five, six There's a picture of him next to Sean Rays To show He's like Sean Rays like towering over Did you see that picture? No, I didn't I thought that He may be five, five, five, five, five, five, four I'm telling you, unless he's drunk You know, I... I swear everyone shrinks a little bit when they get older I guess But Did you see the... A lifetime achievement award to Sean Rays? I think that's right Yeah, so... Let me see if I can find that poem Let me see if I can find the picture of... I've been giving out the... Telling you, Lee is like... Like Sean looks like he's like... Unless Sean will be shocked a bit when we were in Lifts in the show I mean, yeah, boo, see I'd get that award He might have... Right? No, so I'm... I'm used to with the... The DNC, right? Yeah, I'm used to it, right? I make him into a three-chist dollar, so maybe Sean did. Yes, the love... That's right. I read that. Didn't he have... Yeah. Like four-inch lifts or something like that? Yeah. That's funny. It had to be a tough show. I mean, I know everyone was like... They had a people, everyone had to be masked there. It had to be a real nuisance. You know, you see the combat is on stage and on a mask But I think everyone was masked backstage and all that stuff And... I don't know. It had to be difficult to cover the show there. I would imagine wearing a mask. It's got to be real. Think about the judging. They have to sit there all day in judge. You think they were... They must have no wearing masks, though, yes, right? I don't know. I would imagine. They'd have to be, right? I don't know. I thought I saw a picture. I mean, in Omaha, I saw people not wearing masks, were judges. Yeah. I think they'd... I think Florida's a lot different. I think they had a lot more stringent rules here. Yeah. Well, I don't know about Tampa, but Miami does. I know there was a really strict, really strict game. I... I... From what I understand, you know, even Australia is locked down at... You know, you know, that... Yeah, you know, that... You know, that... You know, that... You know, that... You know, that... You know, that... Six weeks, a lot of those guys thought... And I feel bad for those... I had a lot of clients here there and they were just like... I'm serious locked down. And New Zealand's got nothing. Isn't that weird? I mean, they're out of the separate islands. They're not right in the... I don't know. I don't know. But it still... It's still right in the... It's... It's... It's... Well, let's talk about the show a little bit. It was a... Two-man show. Well, a lot of it because people... Just... You know, many people text me and say, Just people just so excited that there's a show. Yeah. Yeah. But it really... It came out that I don't... You know, we can discuss if the... The play sings were right, you know. But let's... Let's talk about the... The two-man call out, you know. Ian Valier, who was, you know, being... You know, people gave us a flag because we didn't know Ian was doing the show. Like... Like... Like... He wasn't on the competitors list last week. Like, have a freak of reasons. So there's a travel bank, any retard, who may have said... And... Yeah, I was... I was... I didn't think he was going to come from Canada. That's what I thought. Amazing. It probably drove. I don't know. Anyway, Ian, you know, from what John Hanson reported on our rap, we did Saturday night. He said that Ian was like, tan was really bad. He was a little... He was very flat. He looked at the out of it. I don't know. If he was sick or something, I haven't talked to him or anything like that. But... Um... I think, you know what? Here's... Here's... What I see. Imagine how crappy... I was going to say, leave the bar on it. How bad does he look like, leave there? How many times they call them, we are saying the rap up here? No. Think how crappy, how to look, if I had his tan, and think how good Ian would look, he had just tan there. Hugs, tan is amazing. It's like just like leaves, right? Yeah. Well, it's a tan. It's a tan. And on the Richter scale, and Ian's does not register. I mean, his color is so bad, and how many times of you... I mean, color counts in when it's a close show between first and second. That is good. I go to the... Right? And sometimes when you call it's really good, you look harder than when you color is like pretty good. Yeah. So this was a... The first thing I noticed about Ian is absolutely horrible color. And then the second thing is horrible stage presence. Yeah, you think he was nervous? I mean, I mean, I can't even figure it out. I mean, he did on the Olympia stage before. So it's not like this is not as, you know, first to go around here. He's one show as well. Yeah. You know, I don't know. But it's just an interesting observation. At least I think it is that he has completely no color and have no stage presence. Right. And he has one shows. It's bad for me to me. Look at this shot. I love this shot. This back double. Great, great back double comparison. Look at the polish like I'm a broad. I mean, I almost, you know, you have to almost say like I feel like Ian has a better back double. But like it's just not being shown off. Like you said, that's why I felt like he was a little flat to me. Like I think, you know, he's so big in the off season. Even like two weeks after in the show, you see those pictures. He looks like it's like, you know, he goes as well to somebody. He has a, he's a tall guy, even though he doesn't look down much taller than. The barra right here, but he's a tall guy and he's got a lot of width. And that type of physique go flat and. Three. Oh, god. Yeah, you're right. And people in laugh, but there are some physics like that that can go flat in three hours. And I did see some pictures obviously of the night show and yes, he rectified. His hands, so that made him look much different, much improved. But he also look fuller. So I mean, you could have been flat here. I haven't said that. The barra looks tremendous here at the back. I was well. I love the shot. I love the shot. I think that, um, well, you know, Lee Priest seems to think that. That Hunter could be a potential Mr. Olympia with you. What do you think about that? Well, I think that he reminds me. He reminds me to some degree of. Uh, flex Lewis. Um. You know, they don't, they don't have crazy. V tapers. Uh, but what they have is cap delts, big arms, right? Right. You know, good deep muscle maturity. Um, which is surprising, considering the barra's young because it's hard to get that. Yeah. I think he's he's going to do well and he won't be this year. You do. Yeah, because you do this. Um, you just take the top 10 from last year and say five of the top 10 were off. And who's going to be able to make it actually make it out to the show, right? It's, it's, it's, it's crazy right now. Right? Yeah. I guess if, you know, right now, when you can't travel from Europe to the US, so that means that Bonac is out. We're getting ahead of ourselves. We still got to critique this show. Well, Bonac can't come. Um. Unless he gets over here and, you know, I was kind of like two months or all, you know, and just, stays in the US. I mean, I mean, we can't come now. True. But, you know, maybe there's a sports. Maybe they can go by boat or something like that. Maybe they make exceptions to the rule, you know, I mean, they make exceptions for medical people, so maybe they make exceptions for athletes. You know, they probably say, well, we make exceptions for athletes, but we don't consider bodybuilding in a sense. It's funny that I have to live this for 24, seven a day. But, but you know, I'm kidding. Who's making that decision? They don't consider me an athlete. I have no idea. I mean, it's like a sad that said unfortunately, it's sad. We're in 2000 for, can you imagine 2020 and you have people? Well, it's not really, it's not really athletes that are like, it's put on. It's kind of like a beauty pageant. It's a beauty pageant with muscle and. You have a governor. Arnold Schwarzenegger was well, he wasn't an athlete either. I think if, think if Arnold was like a basketball player, the NBA, became governor. Well, Bill Bradley, remember? Yeah, that's right. He was the, the state center in, with Jersey for like how many years? Yeah, long time. That was, that when I was growing up, that's what they always said. They were said, they were said, they were, they were very fond of Bill Bradley, because you know, he was, he was a, he went to, I think with a Princeton, right? He went to Princeton on a scholarship for basketball. So he was a very intelligent guy and then he had a great career in the NBA, and then he, and then he also went on to become a, you know, a senator, so like, like, that's Bill Bradley, that's he, you have to be like, that's, that was, that was a throwing in my face. I'm like, let, let, let, let he Dijkstra come to to mine, please. It's a, a baseball one, because it went to the pen for, yeah. Okay, so, for taxidation, scamming old people having their pensions. Yeah. Oh my God. So it was my impression. I mean, that was my impression, and I thought, it was, when you come out flat, like you came out and with, I think the, the color ratio is as bad as the, you know, quote, fullness issue. I think he had absolutely no chance, because if you're looking at, if you're probably, I mean, I'm not there, but you look, you're right there. You wouldn't even look at the guy. Yeah. I, you know, I feel bad for him. I, I, I, I, I, I definitely something is wrong, you know, you could tell. There's nothing, something went wrong with this, with this, where, where's, Pratt or something or maybe, I don't, maybe got into the last minute. I don't know, it just, he looked, he didn't even smile on stage. Well, I mean, I was a big, you know, you know, look at those, let me pop it out of the picture. That's what I said, page presence was terrible. I mean, I like a video. I just, I could tell from a couple pictures. Maybe you see this picture. Look at, look at that, look on his face. That is not a, it looked, LeBron is smiling, like everyone, you know, most of the matters smiling. It says Ian looks miserable up there. His underarms look like they had no tan on him. I mean, he, something is wrong. Maybe he's sick. I don't know, you know, I, I, I'm going to try to get him on the TV show, because he's a good guy. I, I like him a lot. And he's a, you know, talented kid. And he's been improving every year. I, I, something went wrong. I'm telling you. Maybe he, maybe he, maybe he realized his tan was terrible, then he had, like, freaked out with nervous and I'm serious. Yeah. Well, that's what, yeah, we were talking to Lee, pretty much. You've seen someone with a tan and you like, I don't think the tan is good enough. And then, you did it. That way, you're not going to be in a good mood of like, yeah, like I don't even say. If you don't look, if you know, you don't look like that. But you, you have to fake it. I mean, it looked as if it's been, the best body bowls in the world that had terrible hands before and they fake their way through it. And you come back, yes, walk risk. You come back to the night show. Okay. With a better tan, right? So you do someone tell him, hey, hey, in, your tan is terrible. Can you fix this thing at the night show? I'm sure people will call on them and tell him that. Right? Yeah. You know what, J.A. always says about the tan. You've got to have a genuine real base. That ice, I mentioned that all stood the rabbit. I said, you got, he's, he's his widest of ghosts. I know he's up in Canada, but you got it. Like, I got to land a tanning man. I don't know, maybe there's no tanning men's open, but that's COVID. I have no idea. You got to have, for a lot of people who are very pale, you have to have some type of base. Yeah. Branch weren't had a problem with tanning for many years. Because of that same reason. See, it was always so, so white. But you know what, he got dark. You know, he had liquid sun rays and one of those, I think, companies, you know, working on him or J.A. Someone wanted those. And they got his tan perfect after a while. You know, so, I mean, I just think that, let's, let's speculate. If Ian was at his best, does he have a broad? No, I don't, I don't, I don't know. I hate, I don't want to speculate because it takes away from the broad as, in person. I don't know, it doesn't think it's a little broad of show, but it's best in one. I can make a joke and say, yeah, I kill him though. But, you know, it would have been a hell of a lot more, close, exciting. Yeah, closer. Yeah. I mean, I ended the anger to show last year. I was there. I don't have to be there again to know that he was better last year. Right. No, you're right. All right. Let's, we'll, we'll brag about the Hunter and a little bit. Let's talk about Dwayne Walker who placed in Sir Who came in the second spot. Excuse me, a third spot. A lot, a lot of people thought he was good enough to come in second year. What do you think about him? I love his front double, Bicep, by the way. I love his front last bread. I mean, front, flat, if you like his front double, post up his front last bread. Smokes. Hey. Arguably the best. You're right. Not arguably. He has the best front last bread. All the top three without a doubt. Mm-hmm. What just saying? A ton. Even though he was in the top three. And instead of a top two, you think it was, that was like the, the pre-hype. Instagram post down or was, or was it legitimately those two guys were so separate? Because he looks like he could definitely be in that, in that group for sure. Well, he should be in that group. I mean, if you look like now, that's for, I mean, if condition is excellent, right? Yeah. It's good for that. It's great. It's great back double, too. Yeah. He's not, I mean, look, look, I mean, the guy is good. Look at that. That's a nice part. Do you dream about, right? Yeah. Yeah. I think the channel is, um, shredded packs. Yeah. Look at the ad thigh. Shut it. Put the quads. He's good. I mean, he doesn't really have any weaknesses. I think he, you know, I mean, he, I think the, I think the, I would have liked to have seen the top three, you know, just like the, a call out with top three. Yeah. But, um, that said, he definitely earned the spot. You know, you can make, you know, because And it's bigger still, you know, he's still bigger wider. He's not quite as, he's not quite as, he's not quite as, he's not quite as, quite as great. He's from behind as those guys out, I'll put up the back double. But he's got, he's got potential like oozing out of him, right? Yeah. He's got the, a common glutes there, right? Well, I wouldn't say common glutes. No, that's, that's the shape of the glutes. I'm not saying it. Looks like I'm saying he's got to be bigger, obviously. But I'm saying, I could, could, could hit from boys. He's very good, very impressed. He's got them all the makings of a, that's a great confetti. I don't know who, who, I'm surprised he hasn't called you yet. I don't even know who he is, or good. I've never, I mean, how impressive is that placing? Yeah. Never heard the name before. Now, now he did great. He was, you got to figure it out off them, you know. I, I, I agree. I, I, after looking at the pictures, I think he's got great potential. I think they got the, the top two corrects. Yeah. You think I don't know if you can see the, in a top three, you know, from the pictures upside. Does it, you know, we're not there, obviously. So we're, it's, I hate judging the show from the pictures. That's why I got John Hanson on the, on the wrap up yesterday, because he was sitting in the front row there. Even though he, even though I think he was having a few drinks. Chris, did you, I didn't even know John Hanson had out drank alcohol. Did you? Well, maybe that's why he, maybe he doesn't. He couldn't handle the alcohol. And that's like, there's a part on the wrap up. Oh, shit. That's fine. Oh, John, let's say this guy looks like a young, we're on the Coleman. Oh, man, of course, contest history, then it just, let's sit like it was, right? Like his home address, home, you know, had to break through the 92 taxes, of course. Brian Dodson trained him. Didn't take any antibiotics, so 1996. Here's, um, fourth place, Phil Colharr, who I helped actually. That's a fantastic day. Yeah, he's got some good work. Yeah, you know, I, I, I've seen him last year. What place did he get last year here? I don't remember. He should have placed high wherever he was. Yes, yeah, yeah, why not? Wherever he was, ended up, and that was a, you know, really good line. That was a great line up last year. Phil's got a hard worker, broad and great conditioning, you know, next year. These pictures don't do him. He has to. Okay, so he's, yeah. He was better at the night. So these are the pre-deaging pictures. He was really, really hard at the night show. Um, I kind of, I filled them up a little more. I think it's got one of those physics. And once he's in shape, you can feed him, like, you can't almost can't feed him too much, you know, that kind of thing. Yeah. But, you know, you get nerve, like, because I'm the big conditioning guy. So like, I'd rather him be a little on the flatter side, you know, and sorry, always air a little bit on the, I'm, I'm a free-deaging on the, on the wider side. And then, then I'll feed him a lot and he really filled that at night, tremendously. Uh, really good, you know, these, he's on the upswing. I'm trying to get into New York, do New York pro buddies from Tampa. He thinks they're gonna not get a lead him into New York. I said, boy, you know, you get into New York. I said, drive there if you have to. Can't. So anyway, Phil, I just want to take my time. So he's a super nice guy and he's a really hard worker. And this is my pleasure to work with him actually for the show. Now, a lot of people also were talking, and I love, and I love his physique as well. I don't know if you saw his physique. Ronald Gordon. Yeah, you look great. I love his physique. I love his physique. Right? Isn't that a great physique? Yeah. Just fix it a little bit. A lot of natural potentials. I mean, just shoulders, arms, legs. And look at this separation in the quads. Yeah, he looks tremendous. Great abs. Big, big structure. He probably can hold another 10, 15 pounds on that frame. And you know, and still look good, you know. How did you find the knock on that? Yeah, I think there was a lot of talent in this tampon line. If I really think it was a sleeper show, I think a lot of people, you know, didn't anticipate it because there was a lot of guys that just no one really was expecting. Who we're going to do this stuff that they did. Look at this. I mean, we haven't seen a show. Right? Yeah, but we're saying, you know, we kind of usually know who the front runners are. So speak. That's a reason. I mean, this guy is really good. I mean, you know, you could make a case for him. Yeah, third. He could, he could, you know, he could have placed his highest third, I thought. Yeah. Right? Absolutely. I wonder, I mean, what, what, the distinction between. Look at look home. Yeah. Back double. And the guy got there. I don't know. So I don't even know the names. The guy got there. Oh, but you're going to know the names soon now because these, both of them are going to do good in future shows without a doubt. All these guys were, were terrific. It was a picture. We had back double. And Ron Gordon. Very impressive. Yeah. I would say the whole top five was spectacular. Great talent. I think everyone was a really good shape. I look like Ron Harris with these classes. I should just look at what he wanted. But I think that this is, you know, it makes me feel kind of good to know that we have some new talent kind of coming into the open ranks, right? That have really good potential. We see new talent. But you don't see the potential to go far. You know, a lot of times these guys come in. You know, like, this guy's a good shape. You know, you don't see him ever like being in a lengthy guy. You know, put 15, 20 pounds on that on the, on everyone from third, fourth and fifth. I mean, how dangerous those three guys become. Extremely. You know, so, I mean, that devastating with dangerous life. This is fifth place, right? This is fifth place. Six or so, Dorian and Haywood. You made a lot of, you made a big jump in size, too. You looked really impressive. Yeah, well, these guys, I'm telling you that. Yeah, I think this, this, I think this quarantine made people have to die at longer. You know, because everyone thought they were going to compete earlier. And, and they didn't, they weren't able to. So a lot of these people have been dying since February, almost, you know. And, you know, for a lot of guys, they need to die at that long because it just brings in a better look. His Dorian. He was, you know, he's always hard. And, you know, I think that we got a really good show and for our money, which was zero. I didn't spend anything to be my house. But I know what I'm saying is, I thought that a lot of people, these are the guys who are dedicated. And I'm going to tell you why. Because they found a wage, Chris, to get to a gym during a time when there was, there was obviously gyms were closed. They found a way to continue dieting. They found a way to get the job done and get up on that stage and tamper. And I got to tell you, it wasn't easy for them because of everything that was going on. Look, I work with Phil and Phil couldn't go to the gym for a couple weeks. And I was like, fine to place the train, you know. And he, he made it happen, you know. He, he did it. And he worked through it. And if he had to do some body weight exercises for a couple weeks, but he found a way to get it done and got it, get up on that stage. And he still looked great. And I think he would look, had he not, you know, had we not had thick, obviously the quarantine. He would have competed probably three months earlier. And he, any would have, you know, maybe looked better because he would have, but he still made it to the stage. And so I really, you know, I'm impressed with these guys. Got up there and looked as good as they did. And, you know, that says a lot. People don't realize how hard that was. And I thought about just the body of those and talking about every division, you know, it was hard for because everyone had to face the same challenges. And they did. Well, how about the, putting on the show at all? Why, I, we talked about that last week. Tim Garderman hats off to him because, whew. How stressful was that? Oh my god. I, I, I, I, I should get him on. I should, I should interview him like through the week next week. And, and talk, he's got to have to be on blood pressure medication. There's no doubt about it. There's doubt for us. Furies, flories, right? I'm sure because he, I'm sure that the politics of just dealing with the state alone, of Florida and making, you know, kissing their ass enough to let them have him hold the show and the hotel. Think about it over. They had so many rules about how many people could get room in. Think about it. Back up. There was far less covered in the US at the Arnold. And they said, no context. You don't even have to have a context. You don't even have to have a context. You don't even have a context. Okay. You can have the prejudging with zero audience. Sure. And now it's running ramp hit, Florida's like the new epicenter. Tim Garderman pulls it off. It's a, it's a main question. How stressful is he? But, I mean, the point you made was the politics of it. Who knows how much whoops he ended up throwing during the show? Yeah. Yeah. I'd love to know the backstory behind it for sure. Let's talk about the two 12 division George Peterson first, two 12 show. He's got a victory already Chris in the books. How impressed with you? How many times on this show did I say he's not a classic guy? I was 100% right. Yeah. We've, we've, you know, everyone's not here. And I thought he could have been a little drier even and he still looked amazing. I think that this is a great, this is a fantastic. This is a very pastel looking. Yeah. That's very, yeah. He looks a little light tone. That's stuff. You're right. He looks great. I didn't even think about that, that you're right. That, that is great. Great, great stage presence, great posing, great condition, great fullness. I think that, like I said, I, even I talked to, you know, as coach Justin, who's obviously a good friend of mine and he's like, I think he could have been a lot of, he could have been a little harder. You know, but he goes obviously did enough to win here. And I agree, I think, you know, especially from the back, I've seen George Harder. I think it did night shows a little tighter, but once again, it just goes straight. Good, you know, he's, he's, he's that good that he doesn't even need to be at 100% to win. And, you know, they were upset that he couldn't do the open. How do you think he would have done in the open? I think he would have been very competitive to some degree, you know, I mean, I mean, your eyes would go to the condition and the midsection and the legs separation and the width. I mean, judges, we'll be crazy back. Right. Yeah, I agree. His back is better than, you know, the guy who was fifth place. Sure. Yeah. What did he do? I mean, I don't know what the stupid rules. They want to, they want to judge what he's doing. But I'm just, when you put a guy like him who's short and thick against a guy with a big huge structure like that, I mean, maybe what he got lost in the end. Did he want to do the open? He did. I don't know why they want to. I don't know. You just came from classic. You know, you know, you know, you wanted to do both. I better know why you know, it was on different days. Even if it was on the same day, I don't know why they went light up and who cares. Let him do both. I don't know what the stupid rules. They want to judge what he's going to do a rant on. I said, I do a rant every week on the show about it. I rant about it. I said, I don't know why they don't do it. So if you want to do wellness, they should let him do wellness too. Who cares? No, seriously. But yeah, I mean, right now I should stick for two to a while. When you look at this look, do you get a little nervous knowing that you coach a come all? No, no, I mean, just, you know, it because. George Peterson is, you know, I'm no dummy. He's a threat to come all for sure. And, you know, he's not the only threat to come all. Right. I mean, I've said that. I've said, you know, when I went road and was. Mr. Olympia. And we would talk about road and after the Olympia. I wouldn't say if Sean road and thinks he's going to repeat like. Easy or kind of sort of easy or I mean, he's got another thing coming. Who knew that Sean road and wouldn't be beat by another competitor, but by stupid. My point simply is that. I think, and I've said this about Brandon. Corrie B. and Mr. Olympia. I think Brandon can repeat. I think Brandon can lose. I think there's people who can beat Brandon. And I think that come all can repeat and I think Brandon come all can lose. I think there's more than one person who can beat Brandon. And I think there's more than one person who can beat come all. Yeah. It's just, you know, look at. Look at, uh, in Valier. I mean, yes, his 10 socks. And yes, you know, like a nervous wreck looking on pre-judging. But he looks a lot different at the night show. So sometimes peeking, right? So if come all is not at his best or, you know, this guy's not at his best. And someone shows that they're absolutely best. He changes the dynamics. So I think George Peterson is a threat to, you know, to come all for sure. Yeah. Detric poloist. Sandi, hoist. Another phenomenal. He was phenomenal in Puerto Rico last year. And he's even more phenomenal here. That's a great shot. I love that. It's like pulled out when I play really well. Side story steps should look like. Isn't it funny how we, we have such weak two 12 classes. And then all of a sudden we get Tampa here and it's like, Bam. When do we have weak two 12? What was it? Yeah, we haven't had a really dine dynamite. Look in two 12 classes for quite a while, you know. And all the way through like in depth. Yeah, I'm like talking like, you know, like up on stage, you know. And then now all of a sudden we have, you know, you know, guys that we haven't even seen before. It's great. I love it. Yeah, side story step is off the hook. Really, really good to load to that shot. Right. I mean great midsection, great shoulder arm tie in. Packs are still full. Hamstrings from the side and deep. I think he's, uh, I think he's another guy that we're going to see on that Olympia stage and. Yeah, without a doubt. And he's going to be very dangerous. What about, um, let's look at third place. I guess. Like, is that, I mean, Derek Oslin has been around for a long time. He's got a phenomenal physique. Derek Oslin improved so much that when I saw the comparison photos. Not only did I not recognize his physique, I didn't know who it was. Look, I didn't recognize his face. He's really tight here. Drive. I had no idea that was him when I saw the pictures. You know, like, I have a guy who's going to win when I saw the free judging pictures initially, you know, of the, in the comparison shots, he's very dominant. You know, he's really hard, you know. And he's got that's, that is a superb V tape right there. Oh, yeah. With the big flare on the thighs, thighs come, you know, better. He's a good poser too. This, this is a market jump in. Conditioning and size for I think what he's had, like, the last two years. Because he's placed well, you know, he's placed well in shows. And you know, he's always placed well in shows. And you can still be critical of certain areas. I think this was like perfect peak for him. I don't think. And look at the back double. I mean, he's got a lot of stuff going on there. He's just not as big as Peterson, which is funny when you say that because George came from class. I think you're like 15 pounds. I think he's the last year. But he's, he's good in the line. He's very good in the line. He's up, Dave, that's a great analysis. He's always, but where he plays good in the past, like, he came up by himself. And you say, well, he's pretty good. He's this guy's good. You know, good. He's good. And then you see him in the line up. He's, he looks better. He compares well with people because he doesn't have really many weaknesses. And his structure and shape is really good. Well, but, we're going to pop a comparison shot because. Well, he compared, he doesn't, his back doesn't look that good in this picture. But in the back double when he's compared to people looked really good. That's what I didn't recognize him. You know, I wasn't sure you'd be sure who it was. Look at the, here's the 2012 first call out shot. With Eric Mark obviously all the way on the right. Who looked really good to his comeback. Yeah. I got to say one thing though. I mean, a little bit looking Derek on the left there. I mean, he's got a good taper and everything like that. You know, George has just got some a little bit more wows. But it's not a blowout, you know, by any means. Yeah, no, it's just, yeah, he held his own. Again, I mean, he's always looks great in that. And that's not the idea of a good in that. Do you know how can gigantic arms? Now, I don't know how long you was away from the stage. But Aaron Clark. I mean, Aaron Clark was an Olympic. I mean, top five Olympians. People might not even remember that. You know. And the only thing to change is he has them in a hair now. I got to, you know, he reminds me of now he runs in Mike Morris. Remember Mike Morris? I have a question. But look at Mike Morris. My part of the game is that the same density is Mike Morris. Yeah. Super dense. Yeah, Mike had a lot of muscle on his body. Aaron's always in shape. You know, I don't even know. You know, he's also guy you struggled with his tan. And the tan is that terrible here. I think the bill is darker. It's almost terrible. It's almost terrible. But he always struggles with his tan. I remember the first show we ever did he, to even remind me. So Dave, you can tell me my tan is terrible. I said, well, you fixed it. I guarantee he's hard of looking, right? That this is an example of a bad tan. That's how you know. You know he's hard. You can see. Absolutely. Look at this. Look at this. This is a back double. He's getting great back double. You know, he's really a victim of just like going up against the, you know, really well. I mean, he's probably the biggest hardest guy in the class. Maybe the other guys have a little better structure than he does. But I mean, look at that back up. Yeah. Crazy. He's a man. It's a lot of muscle. Remember he moved up to the open. A lot of people don't realize. And then obviously he didn't work out well from the open. He came back there. I think he's a, he's a definite to 12. I mean, no doubt. He doesn't look flat here. This is a good look for him. Like you said, tan, tan when shows. Well, I think it's okay. I mean, this is a natural weight for him because I think when he turned Pearl, I can't remember when it was. What it was when he John Hanson. Get John Hans. He don't. I'll tell you when you turn Pearl. He beat Anthony Piscquale. You remember? That's right. That you say what you were talking about. I know my when you want the USA. Yeah. That was the battle versus the Piscquale. I don't know 2011. I don't know 10. I don't know. Yeah. Crazy. So, I mean, great to 12. Great open class. I mean, the Tim's got to be thrilled that they got such great competition here. Let me see if I could, uh, well, I'm going to pull up the, um, class of guys. They were really good too. I know you, I know you love the, the John Chae Campbell one. That's the, the dance, dance. That's it. He looks like, yeah. He looks like it, like almost like a, uh, what's his name? The Patrick Moore almost, what can we do? Yeah. That's a good front double. That's a Patrick Moore look today. That's a guy that who can definitely, you know, challenge at the Olympia. I think big arms, the big arms, big legs for a classic guy. Yeah. And that's, you know, a lot of those guys don't have the legs that he has. Holy hoax is nickname Chris. There's not a great nickname. Holy hoax. Holy hoax. Yeah. Holy hoax. H.U.L.K. Yeah. That's what it is on his Instagram. I love it. It gives a great nickname. phenomenal. Yeah. His back is extremely good too. I just had a couple of back shots. And, you know, he beats a really good divine Wilson. So, you know, it's not like these guys were both really good in this life. So, you know, you can't say, wow, you know, he beat a, like, a crappy wife. I mean, these guys were called out the other one too. And obviously, um, the entry just has a little bit, I think a little more wow, a little more muscle, probably. I love it more muscles. But the mind is a great shape too. Yeah. He can get very hard. His back shots are crazy, you know. He's like, I like a guy, a little mini-guy green, you know. Look at his back bubble. I mean, you know, you need to fast-respite to pick up. Try to get these pictures. Well, you're supposed to be talking while I'm doing it so that I'm not looking like, like, I'm dragging. You're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, like, like, my son, Logan for the next where we'll find the vertical. Well, Dave, you know what, you really should be, and then, I hear clicking in the background, that's what you do. What's the crispy tapping back there? Yeah. I'm texting Dave. Yeah. Well, that's why you're supposed to be talking about the person. You still didn't get me the great commentary on all these guys and why they're so wonderful. Remember, remember the guy that, right? Divine had the meltdown when he got second. Remember that year? Yeah. No, I bring that up, not to be critical. That's very good. Yeah. That's when the glorious beat him. And it was controversial and divine was like mega peeled. Yeah. And he got pissed or something and, you know, a testament to the judges. I mean, right? Because people would say, well, you know, you're blackballed for good. Yeah. Everyone looked at the guy. I think you guys got upset when they sometimes see everyone knows that. He apologized. Anyway, he came on the TV show. But great classic great classic group there. I mean, both guys were great. The whole lineup was good. Yeah. The whole lineup was really good. Yeah. What happened to Logan Franklin? I thought he was doing the show. I don't know. It's good question. Did he do classic? Did he do men's to see? No, he's to win. He's switched. I thought I thought so. I don't even seem to want it. Maybe didn't make it. No, he did not make it. But that's what's happening with him. I don't know. Maybe he held off. He's got a young kid. Maybe you don't want to be going to. COVID-19 fasted Tampa. Could be. You know, my zip code is got to be the most cases of COVID. Well, you don't need to get all of it. You don't need the grounds. No, we went to South Dakota. I was going to get 11. Yeah, I was going to get 11. You are. I took my son up from my from grandma's house today because he spent the night. First time in the while and he loved it. And so his whole thing is when he gets in the car, we got to go to South 11. So Maddie gave me the head a little mask from. You know, I take him in there with the mask. I told touch. You know, don't touch. You know, things stay away from people. Everything like that. And we sanitize his hands. You know, the whole the whole shit. He was he was like, it was like letting a person out of a loony bed going into there. He ran in there. He couldn't get to the surgery machine fast enough because he likes to take the cops. You know, and he's a little bit of self. Oh, if you let him. Yeah, so I don't have to choice. He grabbed the cup and he starts. He took every smart is like six or seven different flavors. He'll put everyone in the cop like he'll do a mixture. Do you get the diet? Go on. I don't let him yet. There's a coconut. I'm like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Too much caffeine. He knows. Because caffeine. I know caffeine. He comes on. He's like, mom, I got caffeine. He has only. How do you get the diet? Coquan. No, I don't. Now, they don't have a diet coke one here. Why? Why? Why? Someone on the other hand has a diet coke. They don't have a regular coke one here. They have a reduced sugar one. I said, I want to use to pick them up from school. There's a week to go every day. And when he was in school. And I used to get the sugar free one. Yeah, it was pretty good. They're good, especially when it's really hot out there. I suck the whole thing down before we even get home. I'm like, I can't control myself. He had to get ice cream and he got like skittles. And then he was like, I've tell him. He was like a person who was like an addict. It was like, I don't know. But I feel bad. The kids can't go anywhere. You know, it's like seven and eleven is a big deal for him. Yeah, play the ones are closed. Even the playgrounds here. I don't know, but the playgrounds here are open. But I'm afraid to take them there. Who knows. Because the last time we went, we went once. I think since the whole COVID, I think there was a million kids there. Because these kids are, they're like, you need activity. Yeah, they go crazy. I mean, luckily we have the pool in the backyard. I mean, that helps a lot. We're getting ready to do the show and gave us. My kids are going to the pool. What time was that? 9.45. 9.30. They were in the pool. It's the first time for the day. The whole was only the first time. He was at grandma's house and they had taken a nap. And then it was going to rain here. So we couldn't do that. And then it just never rains. So we said, alright, let's put him in. Andre Ferguson, Chris. I'll tell you what I love about Andre Ferguson. Here's a guy who wins the Arnold, right? He's second if he'll want to be at it. I mean, he's he's one every show. He's like the dexter of the defense physique. He's got balls. He doesn't care. He just does every show. And he even says, when I end up in music, I don't count to an every show. He doesn't even care. It's not about the money or anything that he's like, I like to compete. Yeah, well, a lot of people in this position would be afraid to put it on the line. It'd be afraid to lose. It doesn't care. Obviously. That's why you're so good. I think the more you're on stage, especially in the end, it's the more comfortable you become too. So when I used to when I competed, I used to be very uncomfortable when I first started. But once I started doing gas posing, Chris, like every weekend, I lost the stage fear and became much more natural. So I think for Andre, he's so natural on stage because he's on stage all the time. I knew I was talking the same thing. You know, when he competed so much, he's like, it wasn't even like a big deal. It was like just like another day at the office. So the men's physique, I should be, you know, he's always in shape on Andre. He died for six weeks, he's in New Justice Show and he wins. He'll do more. And you'll see, he's not done. I guarantee whatever shows a lot for the fight to every, he'll probably win every pro show this year. They might not be any guys in the in the Olympic because it's going to think of the way. You don't have to come up with a different. It will be him and Ray Edmonds, you know, the rematch. Yeah, he looks, he looks phenomenal here. I think he's close. Both of the list, everyone top five are like insane. Yeah, you know, I wanted to make a ninth place by the way, was Michael Anderson, who also won the masters 40 and over. Now the reason I mentioned it, you know, when we first started reporting on men's physique Chris, you were very big on Michael Anderson. He was winning shows left in the right. And he lost his, he had his liking and pitaed. That's right. And he still could be looking at the name. Top nine, one leg and wins the masters. You got to take, you got to say, holy, macro to this guy. You, if you can't get motivated by him. You're great. Remember he gave you, you're becoming John Hanson that he was like, he was like, my favorite guy. You know why he was my favorite, what year was that? When did men's physique start? I don't even know. So crazy dialed for the time. You know, guys were like, I get kind of like a beach body, but I'm pretty darn tight. He just came in like. Creepy guy. I'm really either back then and, and so he was really like he was right in there. You know, he was able to win shows because no one was out muslims. They didn't really want people to forget. They didn't want big guys in this way. They wanted condition. They wanted pex and add as pex and adds and arms and something that. But they didn't want like giant. Now they want giant guys. They want body goes basically up or body. He, his upper body came up a lot. I think he's amazing. Yeah. The fact that he can train, you know, people don't realize, you know, think people say, well, he doesn't they don't judge legs. But you know what, when you train your upper body, your legs are your base. You know, you need to use your legs to train your upper body. Try doing a bent over row with one leg. I mean, you can't do that. You can't do that. You can maybe bench pressing is not quite. So I've been trying to balance yourself on a bench with one leg. Doesn't work. So easy. So I'll take my head off to him. Really, really impressive. And then I, you know, got go through run through the guys because I was still impressed with this class. Yeah. I wanted to bring him up because I think he's a special case. He's a special. He's a special. Yeah. Anthony Gilks places that second position. He was really good. So I'll post picture. I'll just give him some, give him some props. And this was the biggest class. You had it was a million guys in it. Right. So I'm crazy. I'm crazy. You can. I just found a, that's the thing guys can play around and they can, they can do it. You can go 15 deep. Two. Like top 15, more really, really, really good. I'm not making pull up or whatever. But the needless to say, I think there was like 30, 30, 40 guys in the class. And there was a master's class as well. There was someone in this class. I think the guy got forth like was, I thought was completely off the hook here. I was surprised he didn't get second. I'm full of no disrespect to, even though it's just a bit of a different way. Just my personal preference. Cory Morris. I know him when I see him. Yeah, I know Cory. I've seen him before. Oh, look at him. It's like a six scene in twice. Yeah. No, no, no, the next guy. He was another guy. No, this is the guy you're talking about. I'm impressed that my figure out about him actually. I actually posted. I was so impressed that I actually put a picture of him on my Instagram. And I never do like I never usually put competitors that I don't help on my Instagram. He's that good. This guy. That way slide. Yeah, you know, this guy looked tremendous too, but it's not him. It's the next guy. I don't know. Let's see. This guy had a crazy small waist. Oh, yeah. I know I Daniel A. I haven't seen this physically. I'll pull him up. Yeah. Did all these guys. I mean, the men. I think guys are always all in shape. I mean, if you want to see a class that's routinely, you know, shredded. It's them because the, that's what they're being judged on. Yeah. Is this your guy? No. He'll be confused. Fulfur. You're going to make me, you're going to make me. Not going to. I'll be the third place guy. You're talking around. Yeah. Probably Rashad Watson. Yeah, this is, this is your kind of physically. Come sure. Crazy. That's a healthy look. Maybe not. That him. Yeah. I guess I don't know Dave. I think he might be still not. I think he might come right. I'm sure. I'm going to have to go to pictures. Yeah. I'm going to make a lot of noise to you. You can make open noise to one. I'm pulling up another. I'm, I'm Adam Men's Physicur, I'm going to. I'm going ready to do your supposed. Great. My fitness. That's the place I. Real bit. I'm going to ask. Dave loves to fitness class. It do because it's the most entertaining. I can't. I think the Olympics is going to be great. You got a Dallowed coming back this year. You got like son of Rashad coming back. You got the Raining Champion. And you got it. And now you have our real good dark coming to. And I'll tell you a story about our real good dark. My wife likes to say it name wrong. Ariel Kodar. I met a mom brought Ariel to my house with her. You did 15 or 16. Oh yeah, you told me to start. Yeah, but you said again because people have had it. Very, very good story. She was a gymnast and she wanted to get into fitness, which was a good. I don't know why more gymnasts don't get into fitness to be honest. Yeah. And she just loved like she knew all the people who were competing. And she was like, like, like, like star strike over them. But she she had some amazing skills in gymnastics. Obviously. And she just didn't understand. She didn't know that much of a diet. So I helped her with a first diet. And went over a lot of stuff with her and a mom. And just, you know, supplements to take and stuff like that. And she, I think at the time she was the youngest. I would be proud in the fitness division. I think someone. These that record. But she was, you know, you could tell me. She was, you know, you could tell her routine was so much better than everyone else's that, you know, it wasn't even close. Now it, now in the days, you know, her physique is really coming to its own. And she's really short. She's under five feet, you know, and but in today's fitness world, there's not that many good routines anymore. So she really shines. So she's watching her. Why is she not good with teens so explain. I don't know. You know, I, I just don't think you can. I just don't think you can. For the class that needs routines. I mean, based on everything. I mean, I don't know. It's, it's, look, it's a very expensive sport that they have a choreographer, right? To, to the choreographer routine unless you're just a prodigy like like oxanas. And you have to practice thinking about how much money an effort it takes. It's enough to go to the gym. It's enough to do your cardio and you dieting. And now you got to practice your routine for an hour an hour and a half a day or more. How can you say more of that? I think you're making it more. I'm going to say I'm making it more of a big deal. The more stimulus is not going to be the last. I'm going to be the last. You're going to be the last. You're going to be the last. I'm going to be the last. I'm going to be the last. So what's the man to say? Why is it? The, no. The, the, the more people doing it. The big shot. I think about it. And I think it's all started right. Oh, she's saying that the gymness themselves, like the real gymnast don't go into because they think like it's all steroids. It's all the time. They don't want to do it. You don't want to do it. It has to have it. And the parents don't want to do it. Who knows. I guess like it's a dying division. I don't think it's, I think it could be rekindled with the, if they, if they really nurture it. You know what you do Dave, you know what you do. You know what, when you have supplement line, you have a supplement line. Yeah. And you have eight products and six sell really well. And the seven to eight to seven sells kind of sort of in the eight is like, why would you say, why are we selling this product? Nobody likes nobody buys it. It's always the product that I love the most. Yeah. Yeah. In that term, say, we get, that's why you keep it. Yeah. Maybe they keep it for nostalgia, but I mean, it's just interesting to say, Well, it just be a kind of dying class. Like the ones that you know, both that detaining class, you know, at the show, see, I know. But you can't even, who gets entertained with these shows? I don't, you know, because I actually like that. Yeah, you know, unfortunately you're right, but I actually like it. It's hard to be, you know, it's hard to be entertained when the, when the shows are so long. Right. No, it's true. But you know what, it is, it is, it is, there's no, it's my scrolls because it doesn't last as long, you know, you get, and routines and that's it. You don't, that's enough. I remember I was at the first fitness national, was it? I was at the team universe. I felt it at the team universe. And I forget what year it was. This is, remember, they only had bodybuilding. Women's bodybuilding. The first time they've been having another class of women, it was golf, it's fit, they called it fitness, you had a routine, you know, where one piece, and a two piece. Oh, I remember that, that's right. Rest they had like, at the fitness national, I remember it was in Jersey, I know, it was it was a, it tried back a performing arts center, Weinberg, a held a day. They had to be 55 girls in this show. Okay. Okay. Every girl had to do the routine, which was like two and a half, three minutes. I, I remember, I was, I was sleeping from the front, I felt asleep because the, the routine, the routine, around took so long. Yeah. That was the beginning of the end for the, so the quick show, you know, before that, it was just bodybuilding moments, bodybuilding, men's bodybuilding, you're out of it. Now, they added an extra three hours to the, to the program, so to speak. Yeah. Three minutes, three minutes routine, right? Come on. Actually, got rid of the one piece because it was taking too long because it was redundant, you know, and who wants, why would you judge someone with, with their abs being covered, you know, and then the routines, I think got cut down and size a little bit, and then the competitors, then when they started figure, you'll lost most of the fitness girls, you know, just quite the figure. But yeah. I remember Jenny, Jenny Lynn actually won the fitness nationals. And, and on the same day, she won her class in the figure of the nationals. A lot of people don't realize that. You were like a giant. You're like a giant. Oh, look at one of the fitness and figure nationals on the same day. I think both overalls, too. Oh, that's right. So, there's a little trivia for you. You can feel your triby above's. So, can you congratulations, I wrote the door. Women's bodybuilding. Well, let's do women's physique first. Ivy rain. I like her physique a lot. Women's see what you probably have been looking for the pictures of it when they, when they, when they're going to pull her up. Women's physique. Women's physique. Which to me, there's no distinction between women's, women's physique and when that's bodybuilding. Well, she just can't walk away. Exactly where I said it like that. Women's physique. Great condition, you know, good presentation. Yeah, she's a bodybuilder. Go ahead. Now, now I'll pull up. Now, she won the physique, okay. So, congratulations. She's going through the Olympia. The physique class was great, by the way, there's a lot of girls in it. And then I'm going to pull women's bodybuilding who, you know, lived on McDay. She's been around quite a while. She's got a really good physique. She, she, she struggles with the brain, the conditioning. I think that she needs to end. She brought enough here to win. Who wins? Showdown. Women's physique overall. Women's bodybuilding overall. Physic. I get it. Easy. Why these physico girls don't, don't catch on and start doing bodybuilding. If it's saying that, they, I would be jumping in there and doing bodybuilding. Because, you know what, like you said, you know Jake, what is going to make a huge huge prize package for the money. Why would you make it? I think it's going to be $401,000 more than that. Whether the net, no, it doesn't make sense anymore to have two divisions. They're the same, the criteria, the same. You can't be too big in physique or you can't be too big in. Combine them. Compare second and second. So this, my analysis to my, my personal opinion on first. How about second, second from physique? I was going to be second of my going who I know, you know, my task case. I was going to go, you guys, I don't, I don't do it. I'm more, but let's do gene. And, you know, let's take a look at pictures of her. She looked really good here. Right there's, there's second place. And, in body. Okay, she's a little bigger. She could be harder from behind, but she looks good. She definitely, you know, could have made a case for her winning show. I mean, if you wanted to. And here's second place, Jeannie Feldman and physique. And she's probably the hardest girl. She could be a little bit, you know, she's not as big, but. Let's pull her up. Let's do this comparison. Alright, let's-Jey Ling. There's, there's- Yes, there's someone. Oh, they would crush the girls. Like, I told Sheila Bleicha, Scchilly, who doesn't do it. You know, you could only judge work for them. I understand that. And there wasn't that many. But I think that the problem now is that there's no new. I don't see new people coming into women's body building. I see just the existing people that were there already. And there's nothing wrong with that. Because I know a lot of these girls. They're hard workers. But I want to see new talent coming to that division. Especially if you get a hold of the celebrity again. I don't want to just see, I don't want to see a senior tour. You know what I mean? I want to see Iris versus the lady. I don't want to see Iris versus Lender again. Even though I would love to nostalgia-wise, I want to see the best of the best of there. And Iris probably is still the best of the best. And she'll probably win again. I want to see these, but put these women physique girls on there. I want to see what's your name? Shini Grant against Iris Kyle on that stage. That's Miss Olympia, right? Yeah. That's like the old Lender and Iris battles, you know? Kim and Lender Mari battles. Like the best of both the divisions combined them and let's see you wins. Once again, Iris has some change. They're the same criteria. I've never seen them say in recent times that a woman's physique girl was too hard a two-bed. Yeah. Hasn't happened. Right? No. And obviously the criteria are the same. I haven't heard them. I just don't know what the reason is for having two divisions anymore. You have a missing feedback. We have a guy in Jake Wood who supports women's body building and supports that and in the sport. It's not going anywhere. Put the Olympia back in place. We don't need physique anymore. The physique was created because whoever was in charge didn't like women's body girl. I felt it wasn't marketable. Now it's back and vote because we have someone supporting it financially, throw it together again. You're reading the FDQL Women's Body Building, but you're called Miss Olympia. You have one class. You want to call it women's physique fine. I don't have a problem with that. That's a smart thing you said on the show today. Just call it Miss Olympia. Don't even call it women's body building. Just call it yeah. Yep. And you know what? You'll know it when you see it. In other words, you just should be judged in physique. Now, the true reason I had you here, Chris, on this show is not really to break down by the audience. Nobody else will do it at midnight. John, he might be drunk. Just very drunk. I love it. Now, it's for you to explain and to break down wellness for me. Because here's our wellness champion Renee Hartley. I don't understand all this. She got, it's funny. She got a great physique. I don't even know really what distinguishes this as wellness versus, you know. Well, I thought there was some like big hips and big glutes. Yeah. I understand also that they can only judge really what's what's available to judge. But to me, I mean, this could be a slightly, you know, this looks like figuratively, or like a bikini girl almost, like with a really good commission. Yeah, because bikini should be like 10 times less, right? A variety of tip over. The problem is the only real wellness girls, not mentally. Like a stare at everything. It's not like you know, all the way to the top of the top of the world. This out the American, you know. Those those big, you know, glute women. That's wellness, you know. That's great. Oh, let's see second and third. Let's see the call out. Yeah. All right, I'll get the call out. You know, the technician. So you should be able to break this down, you know. You should only get a breakdown body, believe me. You should be the oldest, the oldest of the very first. I mean, the division is created to, I couldn't tell you with the, it's crazy. Here's your call out. Yeah, let's see the. They look like like women's physique girls standing like body. I'm standing like bikini competitors. That's what it's for. Is it the first show? I think it's the first pro. Right. I mean, what's going to happen is it's going to evolve and you're going to find someone, right? The, the Linda Murray or the Flex Wheel or you. But it, but does it warranted? I mean, it's because it's like I said, it's, I mean, you're going to get some Brazilian. Oh, yeah. Yeah. It's going to win it. Right? Who's going to dominate for Ted, I was just going to say, that people's going to say juicy that girl with the big legs, but she's like, his cashier, I don't know, hey, pronounce, M. K. K. Shea Rivera. Okay. So how, what would happen if she did bikini judges would say what? She's too thick around the hip. Yeah. But what about if she did women's physique? Oh, women's physique? She looks more like a woman's physique down. I'm afraid women's physique. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. Look, the whole thing is about a big lower body. You know, but the problem is when you build the, very few people, except the the, the things, just don't know lower body. They build the upper body. They, they, the title is odd. Yeah. That's this. That's it. It's like a healthy look. That's a good look. How did the most unhappy division out there? Why is it the most unhappy? Because the girl's a big, you know, I don't know. It, it, look, it's a South, it's like, it's almost like a, um, look at how you're just, you have a certain cuisine that you just can't get any place out. So you gotta go to that. Regional regional regional. Regional regional. We're not. That's why you, you spit out Brazil right away. You can't have like this, US people just don't have the genetics for that division. You know, it's a, it's, I understand it brings business into the, uh, into the NPC and the IPB and that's good for our business, you know. So the more people who participate, I guess the better off it is, I just think sometimes these divisions get, I, I was making a joke and I said, you know, they should, they can have that for women. Why don't they have the bare division for men? For guys like who want to just be hairy. Now, hairy guys, they have beards and like like guys, you know, let their chest hair grow back hair. They still get ripped and have a lot of muscle, but it's at the bare division, you know, like again, why not, right? I mean, we can make a division of guys like that who just want to be hairy on stage. They don't want to shave down, you know, they want to have like a tough, rough look, you know. And I know there's a whole population of gay guys out there who like bare men, you know, that like they have a lot of like hair on it. Why not? You can make a division. Well, we people enter it. I guess it would be someone else has to start the division of be successful with it first. So, just a beard division. Guys with the biggest crazies beards with crazy physis, you know? Yeah, Mike, go off. I know. Nice to meet you. We'll be right up there. You have Seth Feroshi, right? Well, this is also sport one of those crazy deers. Jason, how had a great beard like that also. It's great. But I think I think in wellness, you'll see someone like you'll see, Chris, what do you see this wellness girl? I know, I say, wow, that she looks crazy. Right. You're going to get one girl like that, you know, unless you get a whole of your gender. I think there's no yet. So, I mean, that's fine. I don't have a problem with that, you know? Maybe. And then, you know, cultural thing down there. They just they just they, that's what's like a track of the men find a track, the big, big, booty, big legs. And so these women, they train like maniacs, the legs and get huge legs. It's at a proportion to their upper body, but that's the division. You don't have to have a portion upper and lower. The lower body should actually be bigger. I think, according to the criteria. Is this going to be an Olympia event this year? Yeah, there's an Olympia. Wow. The price money is going to be. Maybe. Probably more. Probably more. More than you get. We, yeah, I don't know. Who knows? You know, we sound like I sound like an old man in the city, but you know what? The truth is that, you know, there should be some, I don't know, like some, surety preserved in the sport, like, like you can't have a division for everyone. But with every other. Every other. Every physique, you know, category. Like kindergarten one, they say, you know, thinking about 10,000 wars at the end of the kindergarten here. Right. You know, whereas, you know, 40 years ago, maybe they gave up. You know, best fellow smartest enough. And they made everyone else feel bad. Now they have like the guy who's best at Lincoln Lodge and the kid who who can put the best legos together. And then they have just attendance in January. Exactly. I had one of my friends. I don't think he ever missed a day of school. He had a perfect attendance his whole school career. What a street that is. Imagine you get sick one day. You're like, toward the end of your thing. And you're like, I got to go to school. I got to least check in. Oh, I. That was one. That was one record I was looking to break. I thought maybe Jake can bring back, you know, with Hanson was talking about when they used to have the body part of wars. Those were good. Right. Maybe it'd be a little bit. They can have the best body part of wars. And you know, people on Instagram would say, oh, my gosh, Holy should be Mr. Lippy. He won best calves who have best tries. I think he might have done well. How can he possibly not be Mr. Lippy? He want to be as little as little as a little bit more to it. No, that was good. I liked it. But I think best pose rewards are good to give out because it really kind of really pushes guys to be, you know, better on stage and there routines. If you go back to the, I do something like Johnny. So if you go back to the Olympia, when it was in Los Angeles, watch the video of the night show, the routines were insane. Like people worked hours and hours and hours on their routine. Yeah. I mean, they were proud of you. Phil Hill had a crazy, I just watched it the other day. If someone had sent it to me, what's it? Hanson, maybe he had sent it to me. A snippet of it. Sean Ray's routine was probably the best he's ever done. Didn't he make up to, I don't think he made up ten. Oh, really? I think it was like 23 or something. But you know, that's, that's, you know, it's a lost art. I've been sending everyone now. You nailed it right there, Dave. It's a lost art. Since I think that, you know, the Anthony video came out, interview came out this past week, the two parts. I don't know if you saw the whole thing. He talks a lot about posing in there. And you know, I'm sending guys down to Chris Quarmear and Melvin to do, to do posing, you know, for routines and stuff like that. I send a lot of my amateur people to Kenny Wallach, just because, you know, he's patient with them. But for the bodybuilders, they need to like work on presentation and who need to really work on their routine. You know, I'm sending a couple of guys that were just in Melvin and to Chris and they were working with them. And they wanted to job because I think the presentation is aspect is just terrible. I mean, what's the point? Well, I think, what would you say? I think figure is the most entertaining. It used to be men's bodybuilding was most entertaining. I mean, there wasn't all these other divisions, but it was entertaining in and of itself. And that is like gone. Who had like, who has crazy, Olympia routines now? Two or three people are very good routines. Yeah. Yeah. Well, Melvin talks about when he, I think we mentioned this before. But when I feel it was one article classic where they gave it best pose or they always give best pose. But it was him, Darym, Charles and Kai all competing for the best pose or award. And Melvin went last. I think Darym went on first and did his usual real great routine. He always does. You know, Kai came on and did his routine. Kai's so weird the way he does his routine. He kind of came out slow on music. Then he went into crazy whatever he was doing Michael Jackson type stuff. And then he kind of ended slow, which is not some of your really melvin. So that's something the biggest mistake you can make you never end slow. You always end up a hind-out. And then Melvin and Dax was breaking Melvin's balls because Melvin was watching on the monitor. And Dax was like, I don't know, you're going to be able to take him. You're going to be able to take him. Like I got Melvin knew he had it. Because Melvin went on just like whacked and crazy routine and one best pose. And that's a huge accolade. Say I beat those two guys. That's positive. On one night, you know, we always try to say who's the best pose or both time. He beat Darym and he beat Kai on the same night as in the same show. I mean, that's what I mean. I mean, that wasn't someone's opinion. And he got the thousand bucks for it. Yes. So who's better than Melvin? You know, Melvin's the most entertaining. I think of all time, you know, and he just by beating those two guys on that night, you got to give it to him. Yeah. He won't be discussed about Melvin. Yeah. Never came close to reaching. I mean, his music people don't come. Yeah. Yeah. He could have been made way better. Yeah. How old does he know? I don't know. I guess he's, I think he's in his late 40s. He must be, he's kind of because to me. I mean, he's, I don't know if he's 50, but he's, he's properly laid 40s. Probably like around J. Z. Yeah. He, he, he's a, he's a super entertaining. He's so fine. I got, I'm trying to get him. I want to get him on a, I am rage because, right now, I rage on, I am a debate because he's got so many strong opinions on the page. Yeah. He's just, he's a brilliant, interesting guy. You know, you can debate him with free priests. I don't know. He could debate anyone. That's the great thing. I would, he's another guy like the extra. You don't, you don't want to get into a debate with him. And I mean, you, you'll never win with, with Melvin. He's, he'll, first of all, he'll make you laugh so high, but you, you, you don't want to even take your opinion serious, you know, but yeah, he's right about everything, you know, because he'll convince you he's right about that. And that's what's a good, that's what makes you debate him. That's why he dexterously, so funny. Like, even if dexterously is wrong about something, he is. You can't argue with the guy, you know, he'll come up with sort of logic that, that will, that will make you think that you don't know what you're talking about, you know. Yeah, throw you off your game. Right. And the interview to this past week, Sarah Piana, which is Rich Piana's ex-wife. She wanted, she has never done an interview or talked about Rich since Rich passed. And so we got a, a good two-parter of people who checked that out. You know, I'm talking about that interview. She contacted me. She wanted to, she wanted to do it. So, you can figure out if you can contact my official. She told the story, you know, when it was like to be with Rich Piana, you got to watch the, watch the interview, I think it was very entertaining. You know, a lot of people vilified her is like the bad guy. And I think they just don't really know what the true story was. So, you know, I'm not talking about, because of the death I'm talking about, just the relationship in general, because they broke up well before, you know, Rich passed away. But, you know, it was great, you know, Rich is like being married to like a rock star, you know. It was a crazy, like the whirlwind, you know, Tor, he was at the show every weekend, you know. She was there filming with him and, you know, all the craziness that goes on at Rich is booth and, you know, it was a wild, wild, you know, bright. So, just be, and she was from, you know, another country and she, you know, it was just, you know, it is what it is, you know. She tells the whole story, the real truth, at least, heart truth, you know. What the real truth is, I guess no one will ever know. But, I believe that she came off as very authentic to me. So, and that's it. We got a lot of good stuff up on the site this past week, so you missed all the stuff, you can go watch the replays of it, obviously we got,