Dave Palombo here with an RX muscle news update. The New York Pro, which took place in Tampa, Florida, is now in the history books. And Ian Valier has the new champion, not only did he win the men's open, he will be now qualified to compete at the Mr. Olympia contest, come December, congratulations to Ian, Ian had a little bit of trouble against Hunter LeBraut, a few weeks ago at the actual Tampa, probably was in Tampa. I know it's confusing nowadays and these COVID times, but he looked a little off, he wasn't picked out properly by his own admission on the TV show where I interviewed him, he said that he had some problems in terms of anxiety and things didn't go right for that show. It seemed like he rectified some of them here, maybe not all of them. If we look at Ian here, we see a huge, structured bodybuilder with all the tools set to compete very successfully in that top five of the Mr. Olympia competition. He's got a lot of muscle, he's got a lot of conditioning. It seemed like it was a little flat here. He didn't, once again, his tan was better here, wasn't the best at candy. He still needs to work on that. I think that Ian did look happy to be here. I haven't seen a smile on his face in the last two shows. I don't see any reason why. If you're winning the show, you should be gleaming from the side of your mouth because that's the greatest. We work so hard for this thing. Then when it comes to fruition, it's none of us. You can enjoy the fruits of our labor. Obviously, winning a controversial show in the sense that there was a lot of maneuvering from pre-judging the finals. If you take a look at the pre-judging callouts, it was a seven-man callout. The judges didn't seem like they knew what they wanted to do with that callout. I think that that was a little disturbing the fans in the sense. The fans want to see defendiveness. They want to see, like, hey, this is what's going on. The judges have it down. The truth is that sometimes, when everyone's not 100%, it's very difficult for the judges to decide who's going to go where. After pre-judging a lot of the people watching the livestream, which doesn't mean anything, obviously, you've got to be there a person who's saying Justin Rodriguez look great. I heard Hassan Masafa look great. John Del Arroz, it looked great. It seemed like after pre-judging the judges were favoring Ian Valier and John Del Arroz, that they were in the middle of the last callout. That's something that usually indicates that these guys are going to be one-two. The problem was that there was a lot of guys and a lot of people in the industry experts, I call them, myself included, who watched the livestream and felt that who's on Masafa got, was getting overlooked here. Here's a guy who was an even in the top four last callout. Here's a guy who looked like he could have won the show. Turns out he moved up into play things. When it was all set and done, and why I'm replacing fourth, but could he have been higher possibly? Let's take a look and break down this line up a little bit because it was controversial. The reason is because not everyone was 100%. We like to say, I like to say, conditioning when shows. Sometimes it doesn't. If people are not all perfect, and I think that's important to understand. Let's look at second place, Finisher, Justin Rodriguez, who reminds me of Victor Martinez when he was just starting out. He even hits his front double bicep with that little twist to the waist, and Victor does. I believe he's Dominican as well. You get this whole Victor Martinez flow look. You know what the Finisher's legs were never his strongest body part, he had good legs, but they were not great legs. Justin's same thing. He didn't have bad legs. He just doesn't have the level of, I guess you can say, leg mass that he has in that upper body. He is arguably the most conditioned guy in the show. If we go by the, I guess by the moniker or the theory that conditioning when shows, assuming you have all the other tools to go with it, Justin should have been the champion. Is he in Valier bigger? Does he have more muscle? Yes, but he was flat and he wasn't as crisp as Justin. I think what hurt Justin was he didn't get a fair look at pretty judging. Even though he came back and on the scorecards, he placed very high and he could potentially won this thing. I think he was too far behind point-wise after pretty judging. So, he was a victim of maybe just being overlooked, is really what it amounts to. I'm glad that they judged the finals because when they came back, usually we go right to routines, you know, and what they did first is they re-judged the, it was almost the second prejudging. And that was good because you know, it kind of changed around a lot of placings. And I think it got a few things that were not right, right. And that's, look at the end of the day, you know, you want to have the right placings with the right guy. So, but, you know, it is what it is, you know, and sometimes people do get overlooked from that happens. John Del Rosen, a lot of people thought, could have won this thing after pretty judging, especially the way the judges had lined them up on stage. I think John probably went back to his hotel room saying, I won this thing as well, for a lot of people were telling him that. And John looked good. I mean, John is one of these body-ups, and I said this on my preview, you know, he has no gaps in this physique. And because he has no gaps in his physique, he, everything flows real nice. And you really can't say, hey, that's a bad body part, that's a great body part because it just flows. And that's what body goes about, it's about harmony and symmetry of the body parts. I think his condition is really good here, too. I think he's a little flat, and he's losing some of the pop to his physique, especially from behind. So there's no body fat on him. I mean, I can tell that because I can see his face, and I know John's got around face. The other reason when he's in shape is face-litch chisel, and he's got that chisel look. So I think he did his homework here. I think he came in a little flat, maybe he needed to eat a little bit more or stay a little more hydrated. I don't know. But he could have easily, in one this show, had he been a little, a little four, maybe. And that's unfortunate. You hate to say that, because it's an athlete's only here, but that's the case. I think his placing here was probably about right, maybe. And I probably could have swapped him out, maybe with Hassan Masad Loth, had to be honest with you. Because Hassan has got some freaky body parts to talk about him now. I mean, here's a guy who last year made an impression on a lot of people, and people saying, hey, this guy is going to be very, very dangerous moving forward. And you know what, he proved this all right, here he is. I mean, the guy's got the best quads in body bully. I mean, there's no, you think Rammy's got quads. Rammy's got big quads, but he doesn't have the separation in his quads that Hassan was stopped. I was got the feathering in the vastest muscles, the separation in the sartorious muscle. He's got huge arms, he's got a great back. I mean, he really is not missing anything, you know. He's could have been a little tighter. Yes. And I think that is why he didn't win this show. Had Hassan Masad Loth had been 100% conditioning wise and dry, no one would have beat him. I think that this guy's going to be very dangerous to the Olympian. If he makes it there, I know his guy's, believe his competing next week in California at the Calprough. If he can qualify for the Olympian win that, I think this guy is super dangerous at the Olympian level because he's got Olympian level, muskil, muskil, muskilature. He's just got to bring that dry, dry heart conditioning where you're going to see crazy separation in his muscles. When you see the deceptive thing, as you see his quads flexed down, he's got the cross-traded quads, he probably has those new rough season. That's just separation, it's naturally the muscle. We want to see grainy conditioning, you know, for mine. He's right there, he's a couple pounds off. I think this is a great showing for him. I think that, I think his place was kind of, I probably could have flipped a lot to maybe with John. But John's got a nice physique as well, but I think that they were pretty evenly matched conditioning wise these guys. I probably would have liked to see him have some one-place higher in this lineup. But I think that he's going to be a dangerous guy moving forward. He might be the most dangerous guy to enter that realm of what I call the elite pro, where when we get to the Olympian level, watch out for this guy, you know, he's going to do some serious damage. And that's not many guys like that. You don't have, there's not everyone out there who can pull that off, but he certainly can't. Let's talk about Max Charles, who brought, I know he's working with me, let's now, brought a really good look to this stage. Probably the tightest we've seen him in a long time. Legs, to me, didn't look too bad. Usually they look small, they weren't, they were full. And I'm sure Milos' protocols probably have a lot. But Max was in shape too, and I think that's the main thing here. Once again, could Max have been a place higher or so, maybe. But I think Top 5 was the right call. It was a tough line, up, it was a deep line, up. There was a lot of good guys in the lineup. And I know Max probably wanted to be high, and I know Milos wanted to be higher. And I'm sure I'll get Milos in the show. We'll talk about that, but I think this is a good show from Max. I think that if he keeps hitting a couple of shows, I think we'll see him on Olympia stage. It's weird times, because there's very few shows. What's happening is we're seeing deeper lineups at the shows that we're getting. Because when there was a lot more qualifiers, it was spread out more. It was a little easier for the win shows. Now you're going to have a much more competitive type of situation. Maybe Max should go to, I don't know if you can fly to Europe. I don't know what the quarantine situation. Maybe she should go there and compete at that Alokante Spancia, but it's a top 3. Going to the Olympia. It's a buzzword, but I think Max should be commendative for a lot of hard work and Milos good job with Max. You're definitely brought a different look than we've seen from Max in quite a while. I think he's got to be pretty happy about that. Patrick Moore. He's finishing next in the sixth position. Here's a guy we were saying was the next coming of Ronnie Coleman. At the Arnold he proved that he could get in shape for sure, but he was a little on the smaller side. I think he suffered here as well. It's finishing was, you couldn't say anything better. It's finishing was spectacular. Sanning alone, he looks like he's the winner. When you put him next to guys, you see that he still needs to add more size. As it a mistake to compete again and rather than wait till the fall, you're probably. I would have liked to seem Patrick continue to grow all year round and then die down maybe for the Arnold Classic in 2021 or maybe even the near-prome in the spring of 2021. I think it was a mistake to die down again and lose part of the year. But look, he knows what he's doing, him and Chris Estito. This is a good look. We're going to see him in California next week and then he's going to shut it down. So we'll see where that takes him. Who knows, maybe he'll come out with a victory and he'll be who'll wind up on a low-end stage. You never know. Antoine Valliant coming back from a torn bicep injury in 2019. I think this is a good comeback for him. I think what happens is people are very deceived. They see these insane pictures he puts on his Instagram. I think in the offseason he has a lot of fullness and hydration to his muscle and roundness. I think he's too over-depleted here. This is just my opinion. I haven't talked to him at all or anything like that. I think that he needs to fill up more. He needs to be better hydrated. He's probably to eat a little junk food because his condition is really good. He's just lost some of his wow. He's got a lot of wow. If you look at his pictures, then he posts in the weeks leading up to the show. I was super impressed but I saw him there. When I saw him here, I felt like he was definitely over-depleted. Antoine have a few McDonald's. She's Burgess on me. I think that's going to solve you problem. Don't stop drinking. Before I wrap this up, this is going to be a quick update. I want to talk about Phil Klohaar. He's a guy I worked with. I was very impressed with what we brought to Tampa a couple weeks ago. He placed fourth there in the open and that showed that Hunter LeBrona won. And in Valier was second. Phil brought in a much forward and hard to look here. He was bigger. I thought he was better. I was shocked that he was not in that first call out. I know he was very upset about it but I explained him what this is the way body-building works. He's still not a known guy. He's going to be known now because this was a great look that he brought to the stage. He worked so hard for this. He looked great and I think that the next show, which I believe we're going to be doing a Chicago which takes place in Atlanta, is going to be a big show for Phil. I think this was a tough lineup. I think that you might have gotten a little overlook like I said but in Chicago which is in Atlanta, I think we're going to see a Phil Klohaar really coming to his own. So keep up your chin, champ and we'll see you back on stage and we're going to get him on our next muscle probably this coming week for a little interview too. Just to kind of get people up there on what's going on in his life and his body-building journey, which is a little incondetial because he got started a much later age and I think that people are going to really enjoy that story. That's the pretty much the New York pro update. Once again, congratulations to Ian Valier for winning the show. While fine for the Olympia, great lineup. I'm glad all these guys were able to make it out for the show here and I like to say in New York in Tampa but for the New York pro. It's still the same title. Ian's got that beautiful ring to show it for his efforts and we'll see him on Olympia stage. I hope he can get his act together and I hope he can focus his mind a little bit more and enjoy the process because that's what it's after all guys. At the end of the day, you got to enjoy the journey. And day polembo with an RX muscle news update.