Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X Pro. There's 30-year-in-a-row and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry. It's a low-car hot tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. On day polumbo and today is Tuesday's September 1st, 2020. And let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. When I was growing up, I can remember my grandmother telling me that they don't make things like they used to. And I didn't understand what that meant until I started to get just a little bit older. But now that I'm here and I see how true it is in some instances, especially for someone like Dexter Jackson. Yesterday there was a clip posted of Dexter from one of his latest chess workouts. And if it wasn't for all that salt and pepper in his beard, you would have sworn that the video was from at least 10 years ago. The fact that he looks just as good today as he did then is a testament to how special the athlete he is. And I think it's pretty safe back to say that it could be a while before we see another athlete built for the long haul like Dexter. There's going to see a fully healed fill-heath and we already know what I'm capable of if I'm healthy. And in case you were wondering that quote came right from fill-heath himself during a sit-down interview with Dan Solomon with a seven-time Olympia champ walked in sound that like the guy we saw dominate bodybuilding for the better part of a decade. At 40 years old, Phil is still relatively young in terms of his bodybuilding career, which means that he could legitimately have another handful of peak years left in the tank. So if we take fill at his word and assume that he's good to go, I think we should all be ready to see some Christmas fireworks at Planet Hollywood. Believe it or not, we're actually only a couple of weeks away from the New York pro. And rumor has that match trials is coming in hot this year and talking to people close to Max's team last weekend, they believe that he's on track to beat the look that he had at the Arnold. And that when he's planning to bring in here, we'll make a mysterious contender for the win. By and large, when we get the full bore, full locked in version of Max, he could be an absolute nightmare to deal with. So that is the Max that we're about to see in New York. Watchy and Tampa, he could easily walk away with the win. The fourth and great, Jocco-Willing discipline equals freedom. And that's especially true for something like bodybuilding that can require discipline over decades before you ever reach the top of the mountain, just ask Sergio Leaver Jr. Over the last two years, we started to see Sergio come into his own and the freedom that comes with that level of success is really just a by-product of his discipline. Someone like Sergio is exactly what the Jocco quote is all about, that I'm having the willingness and discipline to make the short-term sacrifices so you can reap the long-term rewards. That's the thing that separates the good from the great and it has to be your guiding principle if you want to live a life that is truly fulfilling. And that does it the end in another edition of Muscle in the Morning on Day Palombo reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.