Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X-Vote, there's 30-year-in-a-row, and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry. It's a low-car caulk tart, we've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to Legendary Foods, Muscle in the Morning. Today is Monday, June 28, 2021, and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Ladies and gentlemen, not only does another fine Monday, it's also international chest day, and luckily for you, we've got this brand new video Steve Cuclot to help you get your week started off right. A few days ago, Steve's camp released a video of taking a pair of 200 pound dumbbells for a ride, which feels like I'm not so subtle way of letting everyone know that he's firing on all cylinders. Last time I checked, Steve was still planning to bring his talents to the Texas Pro in a few weeks, and if that's still the case, it'll give him plenty of time to make adjustments between then and the Arnold. When Steve's in shape, we all know that he's one of the top ten athletes in the open, so if you can get himself off to a good start in Texas, they'll set the stage for him to finish strong down the stretch. Thanks to Steve, that last week, the official lineup for the Arnold UK was announced. And just as we said a few weeks ago, it looks like that will be the place where we see Samson down and make his season debut. According to reports, Samson is still weighing in and over 300 pounds, despite the fact that he's a few weeks into his prep, which is really impressive when you look at some of the photos and videos that have been coming out of his camp lately. When you look at the Arnold lineup on paper, Reging Grimes is the name that jumps out as the clear early favorite, but if Samson is in shape, I think his name deserves to be right there in the conversation as well. He checks all the boxes you look for from someone at a show like this, and he puts it all together. This could be a huge platform for him to show off how good he really is. Even though bodybuilding is an individual sport, we all know by now that surrounding yourself with the right people in your camp is one of the most important things anyone can do if they want to be successful in the wrong run. And for Patrick Moore, now that he's officially linking up with Chris Cormier to help guide him through the rest of his Olympia prep, that road to success feels like it might be a little bit clearer now. A few days ago, I heard from a source who confirmed to me that Chris and Patrick will be training together for the next 15 weeks or so as Patrick tries to pull out all the stops to get himself ready for the Olympia in October. For as impressive as Patrick was when he won the Cal Pro a few weeks ago, we all know that the Olympia is a completely different animal, but now that he has Chris in his corner to help give him that extra push from the gym, it will be a shooting to see if he can make enough improvements to help him break into that top 10 group. Come October. Finally, I want to close out the show today with a few thoughts on a story about Keon Pearson that someone brought to my attention over the weekend. Apparently, Keon was answering fan questions on Instagram last week when someone asked him when he thought he might well retire. Keon said that he plans to retire at 30, which would only be 4 years from now. When most body blows are just starting to enter their prime, now we all know that athletes say things like this all the time and then end up changing their minds later. And let's just say hypothetically of course that Keon is the 212 Olympia champ 4 years from now. Do we really think that he would retire at 30 considering how young he'd be and all the financial implications that would be tied to that? My guess would be no. But if I can predict stuff like this 4 years out, I'd be rich and retired somewhere. So what do I know? Keep that being said, I want to know what you guys think. Do you think Keon Pearson will retire at 30? Let me know in the comments below. And that doesn't yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning on Day Columbus reminding you to always be true to your passions and they should have followed us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.