Welcome back to Muscle in the Morning on Day of Columbus. Today is Thursday, August 16th, 2018. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. To pull the legendary Jeff Goldloom in Jurassic Park, life always finds a way. From where I'm standing, it looks like classic physics standout, Panacea Pierre is storing the find his way now, he's a little more than a month out from his Olympia debut. This week we saw some new updates from Pierre and his team that showed the old vet looking like he's ready to show up and kick a little butt at the biggest bodybuilding show on the planet. In retrospect now, making the move over to classic gave this guy's career a huge shot of momentum. So hopefully he can keep riding that wave all the way to Vegas, so he can walk out of there with a top 10 placing to add to a fairytale ending to this magical season. I've had more than a few people come up to me lately and say that he think that the women's physical Olympia is going to be epic this year. And if things really start to get crazy up there, it wouldn't surprise me even a little bit if Michaela Icock somehow found a way to be up there right in the middle of the whole thing. True to form, Icock has spent most of her prep with her head down plugging away day in and day out. And now all of a sudden it feels like things are starting to really come together. The last few updates that we've seen from Team Icock have been right up there with the best of the best, which makes me think that she's right on target to come in and be a serious top 5 threat. At our best, Icock has a sort of compact, streamlined look that can give some of the top girls in the lineup some real problems. So as long as she can stay the course, she has a legitimate shot to be one of the real surprises to come out of the women's physique. Olympia. Now that we're already talking about women's physique, this feels like the perfect time to show some love to another one of the more underrated athletes, making their way to the Olympia stage a few weeks from now. A Russian sleeper cell who goes by the name Valentina Machina. Earlier this week, Team Machina released a few new training clips that showed the second year pro looking as dangerous as I've ever seen her. To our credit, it looks like Machina's done a nice job of balancing out her look over the last few months, which is definitely going to pay some dividends when she's up there competing against some of the other thorough breads that will be up there on that stage. Every time I've seen her, Machina has been a straight A student as far as her conditioning is concerned. So she can just cross a few more teas and dot a few more eyes between now and September. You never know how things might shake out once the judging starts to get rolling. If anyone else remembers those old Pac-Man Machines where you ate that big dot, you turned into that super Pac-Man monster who killed everything in sight. Well, it's to me like Wendy Fartino must have gotten her hands in some bigger than life dots or something because she is flat out, killing it right now. The latest news coming out of Team Fartino is that the four time pro champ is locked loaded and ready to blast off down the final stretch of her prep. And you look at the level of decals she brings every time she steps on stage. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that she's got this thing worked out from Deer Nian every angle. And a 100% Wendy Fartino is absolutely good enough to be a top finisher this year with a few things and uppricing her way. Everything I've ever seen about wolves talks about how important the pack is for the health and safety of the individual. But if I look as mean as Heidi Schouppen, I think I'd probably go ahead and fly solo too. Late last week we saw a few new photos trickle out from Schouppen and his team that gave us a quick glimpse at how the Persian wolf is looking a few weeks after that monster win he had back at the Portugal pro. I don't know what kind of strings people need to pull to get this whole travel thing solve, but somebody needs to figure it out ASAP because this guy deserves to be up on that Olympia stage. And it's seriousness that there's one guy on the planet who could possibly make this a scary situation for Flex Lewis in his grand-to-12 Olympia finale. It's certainly Schouppen. And that does it. The yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning. On day below, reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Thank you.