Wake up everyone, it's Monday here at Muscle in the Morning and on day polo I'm going today is July 23rd 2018 and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. I read this book of coyote America that talked about coyotes being one of the fastest growing and most adaptable species in North America. But if I were walking around the strip in Vegas, it's not the coyotes I'd be worried about. It's the thought of running into a Persian wolf that really scares me. After his huge win last weekend at the Portugal Pro, once again, hotly chupin is managed to make himself the number one topic of conversation in the 212 division. Anyone who saw the photos can attest to the fact that this guy might have some of the craziest muscle density we've ever seen on it to 12 athletes. With the fact that his visa status still seems a giant question mark might end up keeping him off the Olympia stage for the 2nd straight year. Whether or not this guy ends up making it today, this is a complete mystery at this point. But I know if I were one planning flex Lewis's post show party, I think I'd be keeping my fingers crossed that they don't figure out how to get him here anytime soon. A few weeks ago, Oklahoma City Thunder GM, Sam Presty famously said, Scared Money don't make no money. And from way down here, Classic Physique standout, Steve Lorrius, sure doesn't look scared to me. Now that year one can officially be declared a success, the rookie standout is already hard at work sculpting the nest phase of his masterpiece after teaming up with Neil Hill, longtime trainer of 6th time, 212 Olympia champ Flex Lewis. For Lorrius, I think the fact that he's passed the point now where there's any sort of pressure on him will end up being the best thing for him in the long run. Now that he can just figure out how to train and prove and focus on learning how to get better in his craft. And give him how much more room this kid still has left to grow. I think in another year or two he'll really be ready to step up and tackle some of the more elite guys in the division. You know what? I'm going to be honest here and say that I actually hate most sports movies, but that doesn't mean that I don't love a great real life comeback story. And I'll go on record right now and say that there's no better comeback story in the industry this year than the return of Michael Anderson to the men's physique stage. After making one of the most awesome comebacks I've ever seen a few weeks ago at the Chicago Pro Anderson and his team decided to bring their talents east to the Pittsburgh Pro Masters Championships, which is set to go down in the steel city six weeks from now. To his credit Anderson looks like he's 90% of the guy he was a few years ago when he was tearing it up on the Olympia stage. And I know I will be the only one out there rooting for him in Pittsburgh, hoping that he can snag the victory and stand in the winter circle, bringing this whole thing full circle. You know that story about the three pigs and the big bad wolf? Well, I dare a wolf to show up and start huffing and puffing anywhere near Luke Sandow to see what happens because this guy is a fully certified monster. This week the UK powerhouse was spotted destroying another insane back workout as operation 2019 takeover starts to pick up some more steam. Even though he may not have had the impact he did in his rookie year year two for Sandow and his team brought a ton of improvements to the stage which is really all you want as an athlete. So as long as he keeps plugging away, I think this guy will have some real success somewhere down the line once everything finally falls into place. I think if somebody sat down and made a list of athletes who won their pro-card at the NPC USA over the last 15 years, you guys would be shocked at how many of today's stars came from that USA circuit. And a little less than two weeks from now, species nutrition athlete, Dominic Mutasio is hoping to become the next guy to come out of that pipeline and add his name to the list. Back in 2016, it came down to a split decision between Mutasio and eventual well-to-weight winter Jason Perez right there on that same USA stage. So you know this time around that he wants to come back to settle a little bit of unfinished business from a conditioning standpoint, Mutasio is always one of the few guys I've seen who almost never misses the mark. So if he pulls it all together this time, I think it'll be awfully hard to stop him from finally putting an explanation point at the end of this final chapter. And that does if he had another edition of muscle in the morning. Undaableumbo reminding you to always be sure to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.