Alright, we have some special features for you here today at Bros. vs. Bros. 8 Squad to the Adrop. I am here with Liquid at Sunraise, one of our main sponsors here today, and I have a challenge I put to them. I said, are you guys willing to risk your products to show us how good you guys actually are? Because I send a lot of people to them, and I see a lot of bodybuilders up on the stage of fantastic tans that are there. I have a guy who works for RX muscle called PTIntern. Like the intern is so pale that I said, you can get PTIntern dark. You will sell your product to everybody builder out there because they'll know that no matter how light the eye they could possibly get dark. I got Brenna from Liquid Sunraise here who's going to be doing the honors. Now, do you guys have the capability to take technology to make PTIntern tan? Absolutely. Absolutely. We'll get him three or four shades darker in one application. If we can get PTIntern dark, he might have a chance, you know, we might send him at on the town tonight to get a date or something like that. I told him, I told him, we'll get him dark enough that he could get anybody he wants pretty much. Do you like Brenna rubbing you down? Is that a feel good? It would if nobody else was here. If we were alone. Now, Brenna, do people get it? Do you guys have to get aroused and you do this? Never happen to me. Thank God. What you know, it is because it's a very antiseptic environment. So I'm assuming that it's not like conducive to that. PTIntern has his posing chunks here. So we had to have some make shift to hains. I think I'm going to try to get hains as a sponsor of a future event. I'm excited. I'm really excited to see if PTIntern can get a tan here. PTIntern, why does they come? No tan. He never goes into the sun. The funny thing is he's Armenian in Italian. So he probably tans very well if he decided to, but he's lazy. So here we go. Liquid sun rays. Let's see what they can do. Here's the before. Bill, did you get some before pictures? And here we go. All right. Right up from Liquid Sun rays. And the tan on PTIntern here. It's going on very evenly. Much better than the old way we did it with the brush. We used to use a brush. It hated the brush. And the brush never was as good. This is like Jersey's Sharpie. You know, you get spray tan and then you've got to get hit the club down. Yeah, we got to go close shop. I'm sure we're going to finish this. That's right. That's right. We got to get you a big gold chain too. I'm going to let Brian take all the control of this thing. What does it feel like as this stuff goes on to me? It just feels like air. It's a little bit cold, but it just feels like it's cool in your off everything, right? Yeah, it actually feels a lot better than standing out there and he's kind of like air finishing from free. I look at that difference. You can see his lat right there. The line where she sprayed or where she didn't spray and wow. What a difference. Look at his legs are ready. They're already dark. The same thing going. Light application. I'm sure she's going to give another one after that. It's pretty impressive. I'm pretty impressed. He was a little upset because he wasn't in contact with shape, but he wasn't going to come on the two of us. He's still pretty lean. He's probably leaner than most guys. Brenna is very patient. I think he's enjoying himself. Yeah. I think he's enjoying himself. Pete D. Intern is being a very good sport. I think he's enjoying himself. Yeah. I think he's enjoying himself. Yeah. You can see the difference in the level of conditioning and physique with the tan versus not the pin. But so like that. He's a little bit. Look at this separation. You can see already. And he hardly has a coat on already. He looks like a different person already. He looks like a different person already. He looks like a different person already. He looks like a different person already. She knows what little mixing crannies he had to miss. And probably more worried. That's the exact time. I'm impressed. It's like watching an artist create a portrait. At first, it doesn't look like much. It looks like just splotches. And then all of a sudden, the picture starts coming at the frame. And you get an idea of what's going on and what the intent was of the artist. I'm starting to see Pete D. Intern taking shape here. It looks like his side of his body is not really that dark, though. I don't know. He just keeps getting darker and darker. He actually looks better than some of the competitors yesterday at the shop. Cool cups like this. Pete the Intern have a potential for men's physique. I'm no. What do you think he has to pay for it? Commercial modeling. One for the model. Pete's elite. I mean, Bill Copsick believes that he can be a model. Might have to get him into New York City to go on the conditions. I'm, I'm, I'm, is legs are like unbelievable. You have to what it was. Give us an app post, yeah. He was standing there. I got some great. I was trying to have pizza apps I really do. I never worked much sharper when he's in contact with Shane. Believe me, man. Would you use liquid sun rays when you have to compete next? Yeah, I mean, I tried to always stop before and it never came out with this color. And she only put less than one cup. Do you want to have a post? Yeah, that's not even two full-coast on him. Do you want to have more on your own? Yeah, yeah. Well, I am convinced I was convinced before. But now you guys have seen it for yourself. Pete the Intern went from white, pasty, white to can in one single application. You would normally do a lot more than that. If you guys want to check out liquid sun rays, what's the website? www.liquid sunrareswithazee.com. And you guys can go on there and sign up for your appointments at all the various shows. You can schedule all your appointments online. You can even pay for your service online. We have a retail line as well, where you can buy all the before and after products. I love it. Pete, we're going to get you some liquid sunrares free product because you have a such a great support. Are you happy? Very, yeah. I like it a lot, actually. Alright, Pete, I'm happy. Brandon's happy. Roseverse Pros 8 weekend is officially over. We're going out to eat someplace. I don't know where, but it's going to be a great one. We'll catch you at Roseverse Pros 9. Chicago Illinois, December of 2011.