Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X-Box, our 30-year-in-a-row, and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry with a low-car caulk tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. On day polonbo and today is Thursday September 10th, 2020, and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. According to a report from NASA, 2019 was actually the third hottest year ever recorded. So even though we've been lucky with the weather so far this year, people need to remember that Tion Pearson hasn't competed yet, and that alone could raise the global temperature by a few degrees. The anticipation of Kion's 212-day view has been building and building for months, and so far he's checked every single box along the way. So five weeks from now, when he is ready to touch down, the division better be ready, because this kid might be bringing more heat than anything you've seen all year long. Even though I do believe in psychics and clairvoyance, I also believe what my eyes tell me. When I look at Nathan the Asher, I don't need to channel any sort of supernatural force to figure out that he has big things in his future. On Tuesday, Nathan's team released a handful of videos from a shoulder workout that showed Nathan looking as strong as I've seen him since last year as postal and beer run. This version of Nathan, the one that completely dialed himself in, is not dealing with any major distractions this year, and that is one of the scariest things in body building, because when he's locked in like this, he's one of the few athletes who can actually beat anyone on any given night. So if they can figure out a way to get on stage between now and December, this could end up being one of the best performances of his career. It's hard to have a true consensus about anything in sports, especially one that's subjective like body building. But I think if you ask current athletes what the best Mr. Olympia look of all time was, that the majority of them would say 2300 Ronnie Coleman. So when Phil Heath is seven-time Olympia champ himself goes on record to say that he wants to shock the world in a way Ronnie did back in O3, that friends is what we call a bold statement. Look, I'm glad to see that Phil's confident, that's the way a former champion is supposed to think. But we're talking about O3 Ronnie here, which is a level that the greatest bodybuilder of all time could only hit. It's the unicorn of body building. Never seen before, probably won't ever be seen again, but Phil's one of the most talented athletes in history. So if anyone can get close, he's probably the man to get the job done. And that does it, yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning on Day Palombo reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.