Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X Pro 30 year in a row. And what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching tasty pastry. It's a low-car caulk tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. On day polon bow and today is Friday June 25th, 2021. And let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. We talk a lot in this show about first impressions and how important they are to establish a good tone for an athlete season. And even though it's still early, at this point I think you can make the argument that no one did a better job of setting the tone for their season and wellness this year than Angela Borges. She started off by winning the Pittsburgh Pro despite no one really talking about her as a contender heading in. And then three weeks later she followed that up with a really strong second place effort at the New York Pro. Where some people thought she actually deserved to beat your rich Nihala. So when you take into account the fact that she's probably been the most impressive athlete in this division since day one, it isn't hard to see why there are so many people dubbing her as the favorite to win the Olympia. And being the first ever Olympia wellness champ would be one hell of a way to leave a first impression on the history books if that's how it turns out. A few weeks ago Ben Pakalsky interviewed Dorian Yates on his podcast and during the interview Ben quoted Flex Wheeler saying that Dorian was one of the only people he'd ever been around who had a physical presence that changed the energy of the room. And I'm not about to go as far as to say the Derek Lundsford and Dorian Yates have that same thing going on, but I'll tell you what. People are definitely noticing when he's in the room these days. Now that his Olympia preface in full swing, Derek really looks like he's operating on another level this year. Derek's always been someone who looked great while he was dieting. But this is different. He's bigger, his conditioning is better and he has separation in detail in places that he didn't have before. It's still way too early to tell if this will be the version of Derek that we've been waiting for, but the vibe that he's been getting off right now is different. And people are starting to take notice. Anyone who knows me knows that I'm not a big fan of Starbucks. I'm not about all the sugars and all the syrup so all the prices for that matter. But I will say this if there's something I appreciate about Starbucks, it's consistency. It doesn't matter where you go. If you show up and want to drink, no, he times out of ten, it tastes the same. Regardless of where you go and get it from, there's tremendous value in being consistent. Because that alone can make you the best at what you do. And as far as men's physique is concerned, it's hard to find anyone who's more consistent than Andre Ferguson. Right now, Andre seven weeks out from the Tampa Pro. And as always, he looks like he's right on the money. So matter where he is or where the show is, you know it's going to be the Andre that we've all expected to show up and deliver. And that level of consistency is what separates the good from the great in this business. So if he ends up as the last man standing in Tampa, his commitment to being consistent will be the biggest reason why. Finally, I want to close out the week with an interesting story that caught my attention yesterday. At last week's Dallas Europa Pro, Edin Betty Paris, so put together a meetfield Olympians and athlete seminar that featured a lot of different people from the industry, including seven time Mr. Olympia, champ Phil Heath. And during this time on the mic, Phil said that the reason he believes he lost the Olympia last year was because he missed his peak for the show. According to Phil, he'd never missed a peak for any show in his career. So the fact that he missed the mark and still managed to come in third with something that we should take into account. Now, just so we're clear, Phil's opinion is what it is. So what I think is really irrelevant, but I'm interested in what you guys think. Do you believe that Phil would have won if he didn't miss his peak last year? And if you do, do you think he should try and come back one more time to see if he can tie Lee Haney and Ronnie Coleman in the record books? Let me know in the comments below. And that does if you had another edition of Muscle in the Morning on days of Olympia reminding you to always be true to your passions and they should have followed us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.