Day Palombo here with an RX muscle news update. I'm sure most of you have heard by now, Phil Heath announced on his Instagram that he will indeed be coming back to the Mr. Olympia in 2020 in December to try to win number 8 that would tie him for the all-time most wins and men's division with Lee Haney and Ronnie Coleman of course. Keith obviously not doing the Olympia last year. I don't know if he regretted not doing it or not. Obviously he was working on his business and focusing on making money, which is always a good thing to do, especially when you're at the end of your career. A lot of people speculated that it was a missed opportunity for Phil last year because he could have won the show. Your mindset has to be right if you're going to compete. I've talked to a lot of former champions about this formula, Sarchev, to all the people we bring on the show of dentist James. You got to be right up here and I think Phil is right up here. I think the time is right. We're in the middle of a pandemic here. A lot of people can't even make the show. People can't train. There's not as many people qualify. This could be a missed opportunity for Phil. I mean this is going to probably be one of the weaker lineups only because of the there's less people in the lineup. Now obviously got flexed Lewis coming into the line if it could have been his very dangerous. I don't think we're going to see how to shoot and be able to make it over here. The international guys are going to have a tough, tough time. I had mentioned it previously on another one of our shows that I felt that a lot of these guys should just move over here temporarily, at least till the end of the year so they can be in the country already prior to the Olympia. But the bottom line is that Phil feels this is the time for him to strike now, to try to win number eight. Obviously if he won number eight, I think I'm sure we would see him back the phone. You had to try to break the record at number nine. The all-time Olympia record is held by Iris Kyle who with 10 wins but in the men's division obviously that number eight seems to be the stumbling block that known he had over eight wins alone is monumental. Phil seven wins alone is monumental but obviously trying to make history but also obviously trying to regain his former, I guess, grandeur as the king of the body building the vision now. Here's an interesting thing. He felt when he lost, okay, was like the most hated guy, right? I mean he was the Mr. Olympia but yet he was hated because people wanted to see him lose. That's what happens. When you first start out they love you and then as you start winning too many times people want you out of there because they get bored. That's the mentality of the society we live in now. We get bored if we see the same thing over and over again and Phil had a very confident air that he carried himself with people to sort his cocky and whatever the case may be, people love to vilify their champions after a while because they wanted to see someone else in there so to speak. When Sean Roden beat, Phil was like the greatest thing and all the fans were against Phil and obviously Phil was upset with the win with the loss and he went on and did some interviews about it and people seemed like people were with a lot of backlash from people. Now that the sport is suffering because of the pandemic and we Brandon Curry won last year but it wasn't like a convincing thing. It's like when in the sense that people felt like well it was all a year and it was an asterisk Sean Roden couldn't defend his title and this is taking nothing away from Brandon Curry because he's a great champion and a great individual but all of a sudden now people are almost like disillusioned with what's going on in the open class. Now Phil has come back as the savior and everyone is raising him up like he is the greatest champion of all time. Just they should have been treating him like all along and it's just so funny people love they hate to see their champions win over and over again but then they love a great combat. Maybe it was a good move socially for the sport. Let people miss him and say he brought a lot of excitement to the Olympia stage because of his physique and the polarity between him and the other competitors. It was boring last year. We need Phil back. So now they're the handling him as the return of the king so to speak and that's good I guess for his public image it's like when George Forman made his comeback. Now people want to see him win. They want to see him regain that title. They want to see him win number eight. So in a sense it actually worked to fill the advantage to miss last year and to take himself out of the line like let people see hey you know what it's not so much fun without fill he there. So Phil's coming back obviously all the Olympia are you know I guess you could say promotional materials all have his face on it now everyone's posting it everywhere Phil obviously put you know time to you know for unfinished business now he's coming back he wants to win number eight and I guarantee he wants to win number nine as well and look he's going to make a lot of money doing it as well so that's it's a good move on his part you know from every standpoint of the way you see it assuming his health is good which it looks like it is and he took care of all his problems this is this is a win win for Phil he cannot lose here even if he doesn't win the the title he still wins okay because of all the excitement around his name and the sport and whatever he's promoting business wise people are going to be watching every movie makes now from now through the Olympia so very good move on Phil's part I really believe even though it brand of carries the rainy mr. Olympia I believe it's Phil's show to lose and let's see lost something along the way I don't know you know he's he's not a young guy anymore he's in his 40s but at the same time he's still from you know what we can see he's still he's still guided so to speak the question now is now that Phil throws his hat to the ring do we see someone like high green have motivation now to want to come back I know we we're always debating Kai Kai Kai and everyone's sick of the whole debate but now Kai always needs a motivation you know he's like like in acting you have to have some sort of something that's going to move you to be able to get into that character and play that character right Kai can't play his character the way he wants to embody building unless he has motivation Phil he feels his motivation is this is the guy who is the stumbling block to him winning and let's face it if Kai jumped in and won Olympia title without Phil there people would say well but he doesn't be so he so this would be great motivation now for for Kai to say you know I'm gonna come back because I want to win the Olympia number one and number two I want to beat Phil Heath because I never did it it's well he's done it before but he didn't do it on the Olympia stage when Phil was the rain champion so this would be a perfect opportunity so the show could turn into you know a blockbuster who knows what Phil Heath stepping back into that ring might help bring along with it will Sean Rodin's case decetal before that we might see Sean on that stage should what it what would it be a reed like a for rematch between Sean Rodin and Phil Heath the only guy the beat Phil in the last you know seven years so that would also be another great story so this Phil putting himself back into the picture is great for body building it's exciting for the fans it also opens up the doors for other people to possibly come back into the ring and create a lot of excitement around it obviously we got the reigning mr. Olympia Brandon Curry we have Dexter Jackson who's always dangerous former mr. Olympia the winning is body multiple time in this lineup you know that that's cool you know that's cool big ranny hopefully will qualify be in the show it can turn into one of the best Olympias of all time so fingers crossed Phil good move on your part congratulations on the throwing you hat back into the ring and body going is the winner at the end of the day i'm Dave Palombo with an RX muscle rant