I'm going to launch the tasty pastry with a low-car caulk tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. On day polumbar today is Monday, July 12th, 2021, and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. For the most part, we really don't have a lot of rivalries between superstars and bodybuilding today like we did in the past, but I will say this, even though Kairine and Phil Heath are now both allegedly retired, all of a sudden the rivalry between these two has become one of the most entertaining subplots in bodybuilding. Two weeks ago we did a segment on Kai when he called down Phil after he posted those pictures of himself allegedly weighing 317 pounds. And now just a few days ago, Phil and Kai exchange a few jabes back and forth on Twitter and Instagram, which ended with Kai saying that a show down between him and Phil was basically inevitable. Now, if I'm being honest, I don't think there's any way in hell that these two are going to be competing on a bodybuilding stage at the same time together again. Note to me, that doesn't make this any less entertaining. They're two of the most popular athletes of their generation and two of the biggest personalities in the industry. And at the end of the day, if more eyes are on them, it means more eyes are on everyone, which is a win-win no matter which way you look at it. For 13 weeks out from the Olympia, and as far as the figure division is concerned, most of the conversation has been focused on the four-time champ Sid Gillin up to this point that is and rightfully so. But here's the thing, outside of Sid Gillin, the only other athlete in the lineup who can say that they've been a top three finisher, but three straight years is Nadia Wyatt. And it doesn't seem like she has any intention of ending that streak. As always, Nadia's been flying way under the radar all year long again up until recently when she poked her head out to post a new update. Pound for Pound, Nadia is one of the toughest athletes in the division, and she's proven that over and over again. And when it's all said and done, I don't think it's just surprised anyone if she ends up giving Sid Gillin all should get handled. I know they say that you should always be careful of backing an animal into a corner because you never know how the react when they feel threatened. Like to a certain degree, you almost need to feel the same way about Oxana, Grishina, heading into the start of her contest season. Because for all intents and purposes, she's got her back up against the wall right now. Even though she retired, then unretired and then came back to compete at the Olympia again last year. They never really felt like she had enough firepower to slow down Missy Trusscott. So now that she's had a full offseason to focus on getting herself right, this has to be the time. It's now or never because Missy goes back to back at the Arnold Analympia again, its game over Oxana is up against the corner now and the whole fitness world is waiting to see how she'll respond. I know the whole suns out guns out things overused and it's a cliche, but in this case, I think it's okay to bring it back because you can make a good argument for sunny Andrews having more weapons than anyone else in the world's division right now. And she started her prep a few weeks ago, sunny has been all gas and no breaks and there's a certain aura of confidence coming out of her camp now that wasn't there at the start of the season. In some ways, having to fight in a few more battles to earn her qualification than some of the other athletes in the division did work in her favor because it forced her to stay dialed in. And at the end of the day, having that mental advantage could end up being the thing that puts her over the top. And that does it to yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning on Day of the Lumberal Reminding which always be true to your passions and they should have followed us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.