Welcome back to live with Brought to You by Species Nutrition. Visit speciesnutrition.com. On Day Palombo and today we have a very exciting guest. He's an up and coming rising talent in the IFBB. He has his pro-ade use this year. We're going to talk to him a little bit about that and how he went. Man, I'm talking about his Patrick Moore. Yeah, I was on one day. I like the shirt and cream killer. Where did you get that? Man, from my man, Phil, he's man. You know, God, God quite a few of these shirts, man. So it's really cool to be with those guys and be able to have some cool clothes and training. Yeah, your friends are Phil. He's got a very small group of friends that he deals with. He doesn't really know everyone that type of thing. He's very guarded. How did you become friendly with him and how is that? That's going to. I know he's a bit of a mentor to you. Yeah, so I did a show back in 2014 and I wanted to overall. I'm going to have to chance to chat with him a little bit then. That was my first time actually meeting him in person. So of course, you know, I started bodybuilding because of him, you know, the former basketball player, Marker. So when I actually saw him in 2011 and I decided that, you know, okay, bodybuilding is pretty cool. You know, it's something that I could do. And I kind of have my site said, okay, I want to be Mr. Olympian. So I saw him in person. I saw him backstage and I was like, all right. So that I want to be that guy. So I had a chance to talk with him a little bit. And of course, it was super busy. He was guestballing in the show. So time went on. You know, obviously I kept up with him and you know, follow his career and stuff. And just shortly before the USA is last year, you know, I mentioned him a couple of times with social media and I actually came in contact with him and met him formally again, you know, in a better setting, more private setting this year, in the field he classished and Dallas. So we had dinner. You know, with him, there's lovely fiance. And I'm had a chance to really send down with him and get to know him as a person. You know, advice versus. And since then, man, I mean, it's really kind of surreal to go back and forth with him. You know, I'm the kind of guy, you know, because that's the guy that I realized when I started. So, you know, recently, you know, you picked me up with give to that ladies with the clothing. So it's cool, man. I mean, he's an amazing person. I mean, you know, he does have a small circle. But I mean, that guy is, you know, I don't know, you know, many people had no a small personally, but, you know, you really couldn't have a better mental at the end. You know, a lot of people, I think, I think Phil's a miss understood guy because, you know, I've sat down with him and talked him for like a couple of hours. It like shows and stuff like that where we were just kind of like alone. And I had a very, you know, I was very great. I had great talks with him and I thought he was a really cool guy and down to earth. And then, you know, his persona and the public the way he comes off, people think he's arrogant and that he's cocky. But, you know, I think it's really just confidence. Would you say that you have a different, a different, I guess understanding of who Phil is as opposed to what his persona is in the in social media? Oh, yeah. I mean, he, usually, I mean, it's, it's vastly different as in, you know, for him, you remember when he turned, I mean, I mean, I turned, probably, first one on Olympia 2011, you know, everyone. And that I could think of was pro-field. He, you know, so it's crazy that over the time, the years, that of course, if he's winning, you know, he's going to have a target under his back. So, you know, he's seven times champion now, you know, I'm pretty sure I'll go on and win a few more. But, you know, at some point, you know, I guess when, have people have said enough and I guess when you bite back, you know, and you start to rebuttal or, you know, say things and people can take that as arrogance. But I mean, if you're the best in the world, you're the best in the world. I mean, I don't really see that you can, you know, try and get off as being arrogant. I mean, he's really speaking to truth that if he's the best he's the best. But, you know, on the flip side of that, you know, talking to him personally, you don't get that arrogant, demeanor for him at all. I mean, he's done tremendous things that you a lot of stuff that people don't even know that he doesn't even, you know, advertise. You know, so he, he does a lot for the community. Obviously, I'm, I'm just getting started and this guy has the, you know, put it, we actually sat down and had an hour and a half on conversation. You know, he could have been on about his day during whatever and, you know, I'm, I'm new here. We're going to take that amount of time out and talk to me and, you know, to tell me, you know, the type, what I should be working towards, you know, what I can kind of expect if I want to be at that top level. I mean, I don't think he's arrogant at all. I mean, he's a phenomenal athlete and he proves that time and time again on and off stage. You, as his friend, you like to say to him, like someone's when he gets crazy and he starts addressing the social media guys, do you like to say, hey, Phil, what are you doing? Leave these guys. Oh, cares about these idiots. Yeah, they're going to a couple of times, you know, I've caught his comments and, you know, I'll come in on there and I just applaud him because, you know, the trolls are out man and, you know, they go on there and they say all the different things that they want to say and, you know, he gets attacked, you know, just crazy. I mean, I see the comments that go at him and, you know, he's become an expert at just, you know, using that to fuel himself to be better. I mean, that's, you know, it's unfortunate that people are like that. But I mean, you know, he, he's a great athlete and he told me himself, you know, you just got to expect that. It's going to come with you. Now, you turn pro at the USA in the super heavyweight class last year at 232 pounds. You're about 10 pounds heavier this year for your pro debut. New York was a bit of a disappointment in 13 place. I actually don't, you should have been higher. Kristen Seedon, I talked about this on our TV show and in the analysis that we thought you should have been a little higher. You came back to the town and you were a place there, which a lot of people also thought you could have been a little higher. But you, you know, you, you know, I think you finally made an impression on the judges. Everyone knows who you are now. With this, would you consider this as successful rookie season for you? Oh, yeah, absolutely. You know, for me, I, I, I tend to not try to judge success, not only just my placing, but how I come into the show. And, you know, working with Kristen Seedon, I mean, the difference was, you know, was like for one in 10. I mean, my condition and was great, you know, I had, I was more fluent in California. So, you know, I definitely appeared harder there. But I mean, in both shrooms, I thought they were tremendous. I come to the show that I wanted to accomplish. I mean, it was really me kind of going in. I knew it was deep orders at the New York pro. I mean, I didn't not want to choose, you know, a, I guess you could say an easier show, not the New York pro show. It's easy. But I knew the talent that was going to the New York pro. And I wanted to go in and line up with those guys. Like, hey, I'm here now. So, and I'm only going to get better. So, would you, would you just support the New York? Because, you know, like I said, a lot of people thought you should have been higher. You can understand what was really good there. Was that when you walked away from the stage, would you like to jack that a little bit? Yeah, I was. I mean, because, you know, you go there and of course, you're hoping for a top spot, you know, a first call out. And when that didn't happen, then the second call out went by, I was like, okay, it's, it's come on now. Let me get out there. And when it finally got my chance and I went out there, I have to, you know, of course, this play a certain level of professionalism. So, I was going to let the disappointment show through one stage. But, you know, for me, it's not a familiar territory because, you know, I did them, my aminationals. That was my first attempt to turn the pro and actually play 16th of that show. Wow. So, what happened there? You know, I didn't know what bodybuilding in jail. You know, so what I had a little more experience. And I learned from the guys that have done it. And I actually applied myself, you know, a harder than I came back and I got first place. So, for me, that 13th place is just like, okay, cool, no biggie because, wait till I come back, you know. So, how long you even competing now? This is, I'm in my fifth year. I'm full of years. Yeah. So, I'm still pretty new. It's been, you know, this was my first prep. Actually, you know, the last prep of the USA is, you know, me really trying to, you know, give it 100% and, you know, because I didn't have Chris with me at the last prep for the USA. So, I really learned what it was to be a bodybuilding and actually prep hard, you know, for my pro debut. So, it's, you know, it's, I love it. I mean, I guess it's only been a short amount of time, but I plan to be here for a long time. What, what's your relationship, I know you were in a little brother, you know, sure. I know you and Hunter LeBrauto and LeBrauto son, our friends, how did that relationship come about? Is that because you're in the Houston area? Yeah. So, funny story with that, I actually saw Lee before I even, bodybuilding was even a thought because I was boxing then. And, uh, someone that told me that we're having a contest and, search for athletes, that was a good long, you know, probably 2007. Okay. So, I know who Lee was, you know, four before I started competing. And so what happened was, I was a dinner manager at LA Fitness down here in Houston. And Hunter will come in and train from time to time. Of course, you know, I knew him we introduced, you know, we met. And he, he did his thing and I did my thing at several times. And in 2015, after that, things, I could say, we left the nationals on the do so well. Once, I, I stepped out stage, you know, Lee and Hunter were there. Of course, they were supporting us, Sergio. Right. And, Sergio turned pro. And so that's when I formally met Lee. And then coming back home, the Houston, you know, they extended his sponsorship. And I started training with Hunter, you know, he was doing his first show at the time. And so we kind of, you know, just kind of became training partners. You know, whenever we can connect, you know, from then. And Lee has just been awesome. I mean, he's there for whatever I need him, you know, anytime I can pick up the phone and call him. Ask him for some advice. And, you know, like I said, me, sponsored by his company. You know, I have access to some great self-imits and stuff like that. So it's, it's really like they had a part of a family with those guys. Yeah, that's great. That you had that relationship with them and that you're right in town with them. So it makes you kind of like the perfect, the perfect matchup. I talked to me a little bit about, you know, as a bodybuilder, we know it's very expensive to compete. I know you have a little bit of a sponsorship with those guys. But obviously you work, you're at raw gym right there. We can see it in the background a little silent and walk. What do you do there? And, and how have you parlaid body building into making yourself more money? So yeah, here I choose a personal training. And I started that, you know, before I was really 100% going with the body building thing. So it's, yeah, it can be expensive, you know, with the food and the substance stuff like that. But, you know, I have managed to land a pretty good clientele. So where, you know, when I go and compete and if I can tear myself in good shape, you're around, which I do because of body building, I make it pretty easy to mark it myself as an excellent personal trainer. So I haven't had that big, you know, sponsorship, they'll come through yet where I can just eat, sleep, and try it, but you know, I'm sure it'll come, you know, at some point. Yeah, sometimes it's better that you're actually doing something because sometimes when you we don't do anything, you sometimes waste time. So it's kind of good that you're busy, keeps you, you know, focus. I think, especially earlier in the career. Yeah. Moving forward, looking forward into the future at this point. What's the next mark? I know right now you're trying to grow, put on more size, especially on the legs. What's the, you figured out a game plan for 2019? So I'll be going back and forth to Prince Heo shortly, but I definitely will be returned to that near your first stage because I'm not a guy that lets something like that go by so easily and, you know, not go back to finish what I started because that's kind of unfinished business. You know, for me, if I said a goal and I didn't have a problem to it, I will be back. So possibly maybe the indie pro where I showed earlier next year, but I will take this you know, time because that's the thing is, you know, with boxing, there was never any focus on, you know, we didn't focus when we strengthened. There wasn't any focus on growing the legs. I mean, you can't boxing by the other the same time. So when I started by the building, I had to let that go. And so the next one, the one thing that had to come up. So I can, you know, say with confidence that, you know, I do respond to the strength of trying to very well. So I have been able to improve, show the show and get more and more sides on my leg. So that's the focus as it was from, you know, the USA's to my pro debut and they improved a lot. And so they'll definitely improve a lot more with having Chris, you know, kind of guy me going, it's the next season. How far did you go in boxing, you mean, how good were you and why did you say, hey, you know what, I don't want to do this anymore? It's, you know, it's a long road. I mean, it's definitely one of those deals where you can be very good, which I was and you're going to only go as far as I guess your promotional team can kind of carry. Because it's kind of like, you know, it's, it's in that aspect, you know, kind of like what bodybuilding, if you come from, you know, maybe a well known last name or maybe a well known training camp or something, you're going to get kind of that immediate attention. And then everyone want to pull you up in the ranks. And for boxing, I mean, there's so many guys in the amateur ranks that it takes a while to kind of climb up and, you know, you may have 20, 30, you know, pro fights before you even have halfway decent, you know, fading. Right. And I mean, it's very, you know, it's talking to somebody just like bodybuilding. But, you know, it's, it was an easy transition in the bodybuilding because it is one of those sports where you are only going to get out of it, what you put into it, you know, nothing more than that. Did you like boxing? Oh, yeah, I mean, it's, you know, it's, it's, I love it because it was a chess match. You know, it's, it's not one of those things where you can just go in there. And I was the biggest, I was, you know, I was at the top of my way class, you know, in heavyweight, you know, I boxed at 202. So it was, I can never just, you can't just go in there, you know, crazy. You have to have a game plan. Right. And it was not only, you had to overcome the other guy physically, but mentally as well. So it was cool to get in there with guys that were trained as much as I was and, you know, you were just taught to go in there and take the other guy out and then get back to work. So I, I love it. I mean, if I could still do it now, would, but, you know, physically, that would be a stretch. No, I can't imagine what, what was your record? Oh, it was, um, man, I had out of 100, 100 fights, um, 10 losses. Oh, okay. Now, as far as boxing goes, did you have aspirations of going to the Olympics or doing anything like that? Or was it just like, I'm going to get into the pros and I'm just trying to make some money? Yeah, no, it was definitely something I don't want it to go to the Olympics, because, you know, guys that tend to go to the Olympics and do well to the course you're fighting with other countries, you know, coming out of that, um, that, that you're going to get some best of the best. So it's kind of like, if you go to the Olympics, it's kind of like going to a national body doing competition, it's like, you get to see some of the best guys and then you go to the next level. So I didn't want to just jump that, because once you have 10 fights, you know, in boxing, you can go to the front. I mean, and you can have those 10 fights anywhere. So it was definitely I wanted to go and, you know, be one of those guys that got on the history that earns a gold or silver medal or would have you and then go into the front right, you know, with that. Right. You know, it's, it's tough when you go to two sports after pick one of the other, but like you said, they're really not, you can't do both at the same time. It's impossible. So no, I have to believe the bodybuilding was more in your blood than maybe boxing. Yeah, it, it, it was the one thing after, um, you know, coming from the only boxing it was like, you know, you had to put everything in the bodybuilding and it was the, the eating was different. The training was different. So I had to make a choice and I just love being in the gym. And I mean, from the time I was 17 years old, I just like to live weight. So I, you know, eventually I was just like, all right, I'm going to hang up the gloves and, you know, and I'm just going to go for what I feel like I can, you know, move up, you know, and, and that's what happened. I moved up and bodybuilding faster than I was moving up, you know, in boxing. So it was an easy choice at the end of the day. I just kind of follow what I love. Yeah, smart. Now I understand also that you have been in a, and one of the few people that I know in the bodybuilding world who's had a relationship with their high school sweetheart, the whole life. Is that, is that, is that tough in the bodybuilding world? Have you know, the view or is it, is it easier because it gives you stability? Yeah, um, if you're mentally strong, it's, it's easier. I can't say it's, it's easy, but um, it's definitely tough. Um, I've been with our team going on 10 years and, um, you know, because it's, she has whatever I go through, she has to go through them. So if, you know, if I'm on prep, even though she doesn't have to eat the food or do whatever, you know, we're still limited in what we can do. There's there's no going out to restaurants and often there's not, you know, traveling is a little bit limited. So, um, and then of course, I drag around everywhere I go. So, if there's an ex-hole or so, you know, she's going and she's, most of the time she's willing to go and, and other times, you know, she's tired, and she's not afforded, and I just go do what I have to do and come back. But um, it can be taxing because when I'm frustrated on hungry, you know, sometimes the other person, she won't understand that. You know, and, and she can take that as me having a problem with her, right, or if there's anything with the relationship and that's just not the case. You just have to be open and communicate with the person that, hey, you know, this is just what I have to do for right now. This is some time that I need to commit to myself, you know, and ultimately it'll be better meant for us. So, if you can do that at other person is, you know, it helps when they have something going on, she's the therapist. So, you know, she did old school of being, and got her master than whatnot. So, um, whenever I get start acting crazy, then she's going to realize you're, and that's what you know, and that's what you know, and that's what you know, yeah. You know, it's funny, bodybuilding. When you're in the bodybuilding world, especially the pro bodybuilding world, you see more countries and more great places than you can ever have imagined in your life. But the only part of it you see is usually the hotel room in the airport and I have a board to it. Yep. That's it. I'd make the more countries. I can't even remember what I saw because most of it was nothing. It was just, it was a bodybuilding arena. But having said that, you know, like I said, I think bodybuilding does afford people a lot of different opportunities to go abroad to meet international people, and sometimes they connections that are, they're invaluable. But, you know, Patrick, I wanted to showcase you here today on the show because I think you're a great rising young talent. Chris Cito speaks very highly of you. Of course, and we thought you both him and I thought you both should place a little higher. You should place both at higher, both of those shows. So once again, he Congratulations on a successful rookie season and good luck in 2019. All right. Thank you so much. Dave, I appreciate it, man. All right. And that's going to take us to the end of another episode of live with brought to you by species nutrition. Visit species nutrition.com. On Dave, we'll see you next time.