Daypalombo here with another RX muscle rant. Today's topic, Phil Heath. Phil's in the news. He's grabbed all the headlines as of late with that big announcement that he's entering the Mr. Olympia 2020 at the end of the year in December. He's going to try to make it eight wins, which would tie the record of Lee Haney and the Roddy Coleman. Phil took a lot of heat toward the end of his reign, I guess you could say, it's on last year. Specifically from social media, I think more so than anything. The YouTubers, the Instagram, you know, giants out there. Well, the people I've tremendous followings. And understandably, you know, Phil has been one of the only champions that really had to deal with this kind of scrutiny, you know, throughout his reign. The last seven years is really when social media got huge when YouTube blew up Instagram, you know, took off Facebook, really, you know, got a life of its own. So Phil's been dealing with this for seven years. And then obviously the last two years that he hasn't been really around competing, he's still dealing with obviously it. But you know, I would say, you know, the last couple years of that reign, he really was taking a lot of heat. And Phil likes to get in it. He doesn't just take it. He doesn't just, you know, sit quietly like a lot of these former champions. He's in the trenches fighting these guys and arguing with them or something that which is probably nothing great to say to you. But you know what, you know, in the world of social media, you have to participate. If you don't, you know, you kind of get left in the dust. So I guess from a marketing perspective, it was something that was good for Phil. But at the same time, you know, it wasn't good for Phil's psyche. And it also probably wasn't good the way he was judged on the Olympia stage because let's face it all. These judges watch social media as well. So Phil was doing a little Instagram live video with Dan Solomon and Dan who runs the Olympia now. He's in charge of all that production of it. And you know, he was, I guess, asking Phil, you know, how he got along with his fan to me, says I got a good relationship with my fans. And he kind of took like a little mini shot at like the Louis Marco, Nick's Stremp and Power sights as, you know, maybe like, you know, the term he kind of used was all the ads they put up. I think he meant all the advertising they get from the videos they use and about him, you know, because let's face it. When Phil was hot, they were reporting on him all the time. And specifically, Louis Marco started with the bubble gut thing and Nick's Power shot kind of followed up with the whole, you know, controversy about Phil's stomach. And describe if you would your connection with the fans. Because I know it's always been sort of a hot cold journey for you. And you're never afraid to connect with fans. You're not afraid to get into it with fans at times. It's something that you've always been kind of, you were your heart on your sleeve. So talk about that relationship with the fans. Because for you, I think it's a very unique one compared to other champions we've had. You know, I actually think I have a very good relationship with my fans. And I think what you're describing is from years past. Okay. And I also think it's because of the consistent narrative that vloggers have used to try to get more follow. They'll run, let's be honest, we had guys like Louis Marco run at after Ad after Ad. Ad after Ad after Ad. We had Nick Power guy, whatever the hell his name is, Ad after Ad after Ad. All to give themselves more love online. You know, I think Phil and I understand where he's coming from. It's got to work a little bit when he has guys that are social media guys. They're not like, they're not body builders who have competed professionally. They're not analysts. They're not media websites that cover the sport. Like, you know, like, our ex muscle muscle development, when flexed online was around. These were legitimate sites that, you know, kind of covered the sport like ESPN would or ABC or NBC because there is no coverage for bodybuilding. So, you know, he expects it to be judged and analyzed by the experts and these websites. But then he's got also the, you know, the regular average guys who just, you know, do it because they're fans of the sport. And they have huge, much bigger followings than a lot of times than the legitimate agencies do because let's face it. The average guy can relate to the average guy, you know, analyzing it. You know, the average guy will watch the, you know, the experts. But then they also want to know what their friends think about it. And that's, you know, Nick's strength and power, Louis Marco. That sounds like it's like the guy you can go and have a drink at the bar with, you know, reviewing these things and putting a lot of hard work into doing their research and everything like that. But after at the end of the day, you know, these are guys that are just, you know, making observations that may or may not be accurate and that may or may not sway public opinion because they have such a big following. So I think I think what was happening. I think I don't have to guess. I can kind of surmise it that Phil is irked by this. And he probably figures, you know, when I probably lost the last Olympia because these guys made such a big deal about my midsection that normally would have just been lost over in years past. I mean, Dorian had midsection issues for while Ronnie had midsection issues at the end of his reign. Even Jay had some midsection issues at certain points in his career. So, you know, when there was no one to point it out other than, you know, a couple, you know, guys who competed with these guys bitch and complaining at the press conference, it didn't really get much notice. But when you have guys, with with huge social media following, pointing out over and over and over again because let's face it. They do that because they get lots of hits from that and they get lots of views and they make money from that because they monetize these videos. And you know, it's fun because they know the fans love it. So, you know, why if I'm Phil Heath Mr. Olympian, I know I lost $400,000 Olympia and my Aph Olympia, you know, predominantly because of what's going on in social media because on to any other circumstances at any other point in time that probably never would have happened because Phil looked pretty damn good on that stage. So let's face it. You know, Rodeon was great, you know, and best he was. But you know, it could have gone either way. I mean, the judge, it was, it was a very close decision. You know, had, you know, people not been making a big deal about his midsection, he might have gone on on one that Olympia. I don't know, you know, we don't really know what could have happened or whatnot. So when someone like Nick at Nick's strength and power speculates like that, that Phil doesn't like him or that this and that or Phil's taking a shot and well, can he expect, and what do you expect, you know, I mean, this is a guy who lost the, and the Olympia, a lot of money and a legacy and essentially. So you know, you know, need you guys going after, you know, likewise, you guys have every right to go after. And that's your job. That's how you make your money. But I could understand where Phil's coming from at that point. You know, I reached out to Phil for an interview after I heard the announcement and Phil got back to me and said, you know, Dave, I'm not going to be doing a million interviews now because I'm really going to focus on the show and you know, when the show comes and we get closer, you know, we can do something. And that's, and I can respect that because you know, if the guy's got to focus, okay, he's got to focus on winning this show. People think always going to run in there and it's going to be an easy cake walk, nothing's an easy cake walk, not if the Olympia level Phil knows that everyone else knows that the judges know that Phil's going to be at his best if he wants to win this Olympia and establish himself as an eight time winner and possibly go on to nine wins. He's taking this seriously. That's why he took a year off. He took a year off to recharge. Now he's ready to go again. He's got to expect his going to get a lot of scrutiny, you know, going into this show obviously because these guys are looking for that because that's how they get hits. And it's not just Nick and, and, and we'll look at Mark is really not around him, but it's not just Nick and these other, there's a lot of sites out there. That's what they do. They get their traffic based off of finding weaknesses and bodybuilders that are out there and pointing them out. And that's, and that's once again, that's fine. That's entertainment. That's entertainment. Look at the celebrities out there in Hollywood. If I was a celebrity, I would, I, you know, I don't know if I could take it with the star and national and choir, and TMZ and everything you do is scrutinize. And if you, if you don't close the car, do our properly and you kids in the car, they point out everything. You're under a microscope and no one's perfect out there. Okay. That's what I was looking at as vulnerabilities and it, it's uncomfortable when you're so popular that every side out there, YouTube, Instagram are pointing out all the things that you know are your weaknesses. Because believe me, Phil knows what his weaknesses are and what his strengths are. He knows better than all of us because he has to look at himself in the mirror every day. When I would look in the mirror, I would look at all I would see was that was the things that didn't look good. I never saw the great things because I was always trying to fix the things that I felt needed work. So I understand Phil's relationship or non-relationship with some of these sites out there because he feels that they're not legitimate and why should they be pointing out these things and making his job even harder than it already is trying to win in Olympia. I also see the social media side of it because look, this is how these guys are in their living. This is what they do. They're fans, Nick said it best on his site. He's like, I'm a fan. I'm a fan that points out things that other fans are seeing in their mind and that's why they can relate to me and that's why they subscribe to my channel and that's why his channel is doing well. And I understand that. They're not subscribing to his channel for his analysis of what's going on. They're subscribing because they want to know what a regular guy who is a bodybuilder who works out, who's a fan of the sport, thinks about the sport. It's a different perspective. This room for everyone. Everyone can find a niche for themselves in this marketplace. Some people complain about everything. Some people like to show the great motivational aspect of the sport. Some people like myself, I try to get to the bottom in the root of the truth of what's going on and reveal it. Everyone has their own little niche that they fall into. And Nick's niche is a very popularist niche. In other words, here's what people want to know. It might not be the most in-depth analysis, but it's what I'm thinking in my brain as a fan. And because of that, he has a lot of traffic and a lot of people who watch his stuff because that's what most people are thinking. I think differently. I'm like, all right, well, I'm like, what is causing this? What how do we fix this? How do we get to the bottom in the root of what really is going on? If I'm interviewing someone, what makes this person tick? That's what gets me excited about doing an interview or doing a video. Just like this video. Is this still really have this hate relationship with the press? No, he does not. I interviewed him. He was a great interview after he lost that alimpiate. It was very honest on his part. I think he's an honest guy. I think he's trying to do something that no one else has ever done before. It's a difficult task. It's a lot of stress and anxiety. That's probably why he stopped for a while. It was too much from the take. He needed a break. He's retards now. Luckily, his body is still in good shape. He has no injuries. He's still relatively young. And I think he's going to win that at the limpia. I think he can do it. But he's still got Brandon Curry who's the raining champ in the way. He's got flex Lewis who's coming up. He possibly has Sean Roden if he takes care of his case coming. So he's got a lot of work to do. And I understand why he's so mentally tough and focused. He couldn't be that any other way than that. Or he would never want to win seven Olympias. He wants to go to war against everyone. Whether you're on stage with them or not. And that's why he's a winner because he has that killer mentality inside that killer instinct that enables him to focus in on someone and go after them. You don't have to like what he says or not. But his body and his physique speak for itself. And it has for seven years. He's going to be a champion and several years before that and up until now. So really winning Olympia. We're going to have to wait and see what's the screw you're going to be. I'm sure all you guys out there who say, oh, okay. You're all going to report every little nuance of every little piece of gossip that comes out there because that's what you do. And that's fine. There's nothing wrong with that. But expect that Phil's not going to sit back and take it lightly. He's going to come after you guys because that's what he does. He's a hunter. He's not going to let anyone else hunt him. And that's why he's so successful what he does. I'm Dave Palombo with an RX muscle rant.