We launched the tasty pastry with the low carb hot tart, we've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to Legendary Foods, Muscle in the Morning! On day polumbo and today is Monday, June 21, 2021. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Welcome back and happy Monday and happy first day of summer. Hopefully the sun is shining wherever you are in the world, so you can soak up some of those warm summer rays. I guess it will surely its cold. But if you do happen to feel a little chill in the air, stop and take a look around because of storming the name, a hotty chupin might be about to roll in. Over the weekend, hotty's camp released new training videos on his Persian wolf Instagram feed, and once again he somehow ended up looking like a being from another dimension. The level that he's been at for the last few weeks has been absolutely out of control. I don't know how much he weighs, or why he looks like he's ready to step on stage 24-7. All I know is that we're seeing is special, and if it turns into something more down the road, we'll be able to look back and say that we saw it coming. I'm leaving it in the office of Chicago, Pro, is about a month away now, which is crazy because it feels like we've been talking about it forever. And even though it's still too early for us to get all the names for the official lineup cards, we do know for a fact that Brett Wilkins will be in the building, making his open debut. And we also know that he's ready to go in there and drop some heat. Brett and his team spent a lot of time in the office, and focusing on being better from the back. And based on some of the stuff we've seen and put out, it looks like they succeeded. He says that he's added close to 40 pounds of muscles since the last time he competed two years ago. So if everything falls in the place from a conditioning standpoint, I don't think a top 10 finish is out of the question. I think I said this on a show last week, but it feels like there have been a lot of injuries this year. So when we get a chance to do a segment on someone like Chris Hester, who got bitten by the injury bug, and came out better on the other side, it does feel like it helps to change a little bit of the narrative. After essentially being out of commission from October to February, while he was recovering from a torn biceps, it looks like he's on track to pick up where things were before the injury last year. According to Chris's team, right now the plan is for him to compete once before the end of the summer, and then again at the North America's in the fall, where they think he'll be one of the first in line who win his pro-card as a super heavyweight. We've seen a Tudatown come through that North American pipeline over the last few years. Anity takes care of business, and won't be long before he becomes one of those athletes we talk about who's used in North Americans as a launching pad for the career. For the most part, there are too many good things that happen when you're in a adult and you're out after 1am. But there are exceptions to every rule, and considering the fact that Phil Heath has pretty much made a career out of being an exception to the rule, I think he gets a pass here. In case you missed it a few days ago, Phil posted a video of himself training arms at 1am in the morning inside Villain Arborus, Mile Hygim, which is basically his version of the fortress of solitude at that point, even though he's venturing off into other things that don't involve competing for Olympia titles, Phil still looks great, and he still seems to be training pretty consistently, considering the fact that he managed to make it out relatively unscathed from the injury standpoint that seems slow down anytime soon. And that does it at another edition of Muscle in the Morning on Dayd. Pull-um-Ball reminding you to always be true to your passions, and they should have followed us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.