PJ Braun here for rxmuscle.com. I am here at the Branch Warren Classic. I made the trip all the way from Connecticut to Texas to see one man and one man only our own Aaron Drew Bacca, Stingerman, Aaron. You just got done doing your first ever men's physique competition or men's bikini as I like to call it. And we all thought you looked fantastic. You didn't place in the top five. Tell us how you feel. Honestly, I'm a little disappointed but I understand. You know, the guys that they picked were much smaller than me. You know, like you said in back there, they were looking at me like the, and then you look at like a huge super heavyweight backstage kind of like intimidated. And that's probably not the best thing, you know, to look for in men's physique. So I'm not that surprised. And I'm a little disappointed, but I'm also, you know, okay. Well, Aaron was probably, I would say 20 to 25 pounds larger than the next biggest competitor in the class. That being said, he did bring in a very impressive level of conditioning. He was probably better conditioned now in his men's physique competition than he wasn't his bodybuilding show last year, which brings me to an important question that I've been feeling all day. Since you are pretty much a monster, a mass monster in men's physique, do you train harder and go back to bodybuilding or do you strip some size off to stay competitive in men's physique? I definitely don't go back to bodybuilding, obviously. And the main reason is because my legs, if I had bigger legs, then yeah, it'd be very tempted to go and do bodybuilding again. But what I'm going to do, I think, I don't know yet, but I think what I'll do is I'll hopefully wait and men's physique guys will continue to grow a little bit. And maybe next year, the physique division will move up a little bit as far as the size that they're looking for in competitors. And I'll try my hand again next year at the same either this show or maybe their honey, comb and maybe wherever, you know, maybe in national, hopefully, qualifies somewhere into a national level show. Steve Cook who won his bro card in Chicago, in Chicago, in Chicago, out of your nationals, he's a little short of the me and he was 210 on stage. So I guess if I paired it down a little bit, you know, maybe that would be, that's what they're looking for. I don't know. It was fun and that's the important thing. Well, we all know he was using the Iron Mag lab supplements. You're like a huge doing doing my, my, plugging form. Well, I was going to get inside. We've all watched his Cardio confessional. I'm assuming that you're going to want to talk about that a little bit. Anything else you want to talk about? Anybody that helped you? Any really like special people that it may be been in your life for like 16, 17 days now that you want to bring in to this. I'll bring Daria in in one second. Daria again's my girlfriend, but what I want to talk about first is Iron Mag Labs and Tadadi coach. Two people that were intrinsic in this, there were required in this transformation. And Robert Demasio, who owns Iron Mag Labs, has sponsored my transformation, has made me a national spokesperson for their company. And I've been very happy with the results. If people look at my transformation from before, there's three main factors. Why I didn't do good in bodybuilding before and why I did well in men's physique or the transformation at least has been impressive. One is the supplements that Iron Mag Labs provides, which are as you know, they're really good. They work. Two is Tadadi coach who's helped me with this whole thing. And three is eating whole foods. Don't try to eat out. If you're dieting, don't try to eat out a lot. You got to cook your food. Well, he did make a quite the transition last year. I mean, he ate horribly last year. He was on a kick to try to prove that you could eat terrible food and look good. I was trying to be good, but I was low quality protein. That's for sure. No, it was pretty much terrible food. Lots of fast food. In this year, he prepared lots of his food himself. He ate real whole food choices. He ate very clean for probably 99% of his diet. Versus 25% I would say last year. It paid off in his physique. I think we should probably bring Darryl in before we keep on bragging us on. I would like to bring her in. She's got my glasses on. So Darryl, you are a bikini competitor. And you are now dating a men's physique competitor, very similar lifestyle. What was it like going through this like grueling process? It was like of like 12 days. It was a tough day. It was 12 days in my life. It was I couldn't have it. No, I know. It was it was really nice being able to be there for him. Because he was there for me. I'll turn my competitions in the short time that we've been together. So it was a nice return the favor and watch him go through the torture that I went through. Do you have any stories that we may want to know about? Maybe him like not like perhaps questioning his abilities and mental zeic like not getting his poses down at night. Were you like you know pep talked him or anything like that? It was more of the once every five minute abshot of. Are they still there? Not surprised by that at all. I know a lot of questioning but I knew he would pull through and make first call out. That's good. I was very happy with that. There are 28 people in the class and the fact that I was in the top eight. Yeah, I was better than 20 of them. Hey, that's pretty good. Very good. Very good. First call out. That's a victory. Your first show you got a first call out. You beat half the guys. Yeah, you beat more than 70 percent. You beat a little credit. What was it? In all reality from from here down he blew everybody away. But the boss does not like very long interviews. So is there anything else that you want to say before we wrap this up? I just want to thank both of you especially you for coming to support me. And it's been an absolute pleasure. I just want to thank you for coming. And it's been a fun journey. And when we are in other, you know, I'm going to figure out the next step in this process and you'll be the first one to know. We're going to do bikini together. Yeah. Absolutely. If they bring next pair's back, I think that it's something for you guys to think about for the future. And all seriousness, I'm very proud of you. You died at hard. You trained hard. You impressed a lot of people by how you looked. Thank you. So for rxmuscle.com. They're in Sirgerman, Darryl Gaines, P.J. Ron, signing out.