Welcome back to live with brought to you by Species Nutrition. Visit speciesnutrition.com. I'm Dave Palombo. Today's guest is Good Friend of mine, Client and all around good guy and new IFVV Pro. Mind you, Nick Lopano. Welcome. Thank you. How are you? Nick, what you had a checklist. You told me of things you wanted to accomplish this year. Well, actually, in bodybuilding in general, and you did them all this past week. And the first one was to turn pro in the IFVV, which he did. We'll talk about that in a minute. Second was to get interviewed by me on our Ex muscle, which we're doing right now. And the third was to sign the wall at the month in area of brother's super gym up there and Connecticut, the IFVV Pro wall, and you're going to get to do that too, obviously. That's right. I knocked out three, three Michaels in one weekend. That's pretty awesome. It's a knock-on. Now, you know, it's funny because you have an interesting bodybuilding career, because you started back when I did in the 90s. And then you kind of just stopped. Tell us first, or tell us how you got into it in the 90s and where you competed. Well, I did one of the IPC shows back then. And back then, when we started, and I would time a bodybuilding, back then it was the old timers. Everyone's walking around with the baggy pants that people looked like they threw paint on it. Back then, the bodybuilders didn't want to be bothered. So I would go up to them and ask questions and then I go, do this, do this, leave me a little kid, and stuff like that. So I wind up getting the baggy as you eat, reading about it, and back then it was like flexed wheeler. It was like, Richie can spare, and all those guys, and I couldn't wait to watch it to the stands. And then, finally, I'm like, you know what, I could do this. I'm going to try it. So I did it. I didn't do well back then. But, you know, I enjoyed it. I always worked out, I always played sports. And then, you know, I went into the military, set the fight, I went into the military. You're captain in the Marines. That's pretty impressive. And then, yeah, and then everything winded up, just take it off, like life itself, and it tells you, like, that's how fast life goes. And next to, you know, I have a Korean law enforcement, a Korean military. I'm juggling this. I have a son. I got married. It was a lot of things. And next to, you know, it's like almost 20 years. But I'm like, wow. And then, classic physique came out a few years ago. And I was like, I liked that. I mean, that's the era that I was really brought up. Like that Richie's fairie, the Bob Paris, the Leath Brought it. That was like classic physique for me. Sure. And I wind up doing it. And I wind up joining the first show. I took first the masters. And I started windin' all these shows, coming in second place, and getting nationally qualified six times. And then I did the National's Leash here for the first time, I did the universe. And I've experienced fifth. Let me take a step back, because in 1992, the early 1990s, you did enter the military into the Marines. Did you go in there because you were a bad kid or like, what made you decide you want to go to the Marines? So, you know what? Like, um, I don't know, back then, in the high school, I was just, I went to a Catholic high school in the Bronx. It was all boys. And back then, my cousin, he joined the Marines, and I looked up to him. And I'm like, you know what? What am I going to do? I'll do it. Let me try it. And I just wind up doing it. That's just something I do. Whenever I put my mind to it, it's done. I get it done. No matter what. Now, when you, uh, in any kind of, did you say any action? Because that was around the time that we were bush was in the first bush was, uh, invading Iraq there, right? Yeah, I did, I did see anything. I caught that. I caught everything afterwards. But, um, then after that, it was, I did three deployments. I did three deployments. It's totally right. It won an Afghanistan. Wow. 2000 and two, 2000 and four, the end of 2005 until like 2006. Was that pretty scary? I don't know if there was. It was. It was. It was. And, um, you know, I'm just glad. I lost, I lost, you know, friends. I lost people that I loved. But, um, I'm just happy to be here, you know, and it's kind of funny because every show that I would do or if I'm in the gym and I'm like, try to push myself. I would always think back of like, to people who I lost and try to dedicate something to them to get me through it. It'd always happen. It always worked. Isn't it always amazing when you're really hungry and you're, and you're dieting and you see these guys like cheating on their diet and you're saying to yourself, like, I was out there in Afghanistan with no food, with nothing, you know, with crap, you know, living in the worst conditions, content's dieting is like a fucking piece of cake in France of that. All right. I'll pull it out these M.R.E.s, like it's nothing. It's like eating cardboard and then, you know, people complain it to me all of this diet prep, but I'm like, or it's hot, but this, I'm like, dude, I was in a 130, 140 degree weather, like, like, stuff on a rooftop in fullusion, not even shit and being paid down for like a week, you know, it's nothing, you know, what if, you know, I still rather take this weather, you know, over anything else. Right. Well, you know, it's funny because when you put it in perspective like that, it almost seems laughable, but you know, people complain about, oh, I got to eat, I can only eat six times a day and I have to do cardio, I guess what, some people don't have the luxury doing anything like that. So, yeah, it's that's put in perspective. Now, when you, when you got out of the military, you know, at least, you know, doing your tours of duty and you kind of went into the reserve, was the law enforcement transition pretty seamless few, is that something you liked, wanted to do, or did we just so qualified to do, you know? Um, yeah, so it's funny how I became a cop. It was a good friend of mine. He was, he was, so I came out of active activity and I was still like working with, like, with dad and stuff, it's just trying to still figure stuff out. I was still in the reserve at the time and my friends like, hey, let's take the police test and I'm like, all right, why not? And that's another thing. So, I just find the doing it and then like 20 years later, I'm still doing it and I love what I do. I'm glad I took it. It was one of the best things they have have done. What was that like, one of the craziest, like, arrest you ever had? Um, just I was like in a plain clothes, they had the soap Bronx when I was with the NYPD. And it was just like strictly guns and, you know, work it by a gay, gay stadiums like one of the worst creases of the four, four priests and back then. And it was just, it was good. It was a lot of good guys I worked with, the whole the cops, the solid guys and I would just wish the times were like that again. But this is time's changing, you know, so you got to accept that and move on with it. So what would you do? You're doing the cover gunbies and something like that? Well, yeah, we just drive around and, you know, going to the, and to the areas that would be targeted for like burglaries and crime drugs. And then we would just basically, you know, look around and see who's around and get, you know, the individuals, because you're working in a, you're working in a precinct where, like, that precinct was like two square miles, but it was one of the busiest precincts in the five burrows. That's brilliant. So, you know, we, you're doing like 300, 400 radio runs a year. A couple of two square miles. So you kind of know like who the people off, who the players are and everything. So they're like, like, street, what flies before. So you know, you know, every character in the neighborhood pretty much, what's inside? No, yeah, like if I know if I see this guy and he got locked up five times already for gun possession, he's still out on the street. Yeah. That had a time. He, nine out of ten, he's going to have something off. Right. Right. So it was kind of easy. It was kind of easy. Is it scary being a cop in that type of environment, especially in the bronze there, or is it kind of like to become numb to it after well? You know what it is? I guess like we have a special calling for things. I never really got scared. I never had the time. You don't have time to get scared because your life is on the line as well. Right. I mean, we have one tenth of a second to make a decision to where it can either like take someone's life, take our life, ruin somebody's life. You know, you don't have time to think like that. It's just a quick jump and it's based off reaction. And based off of your training. And I got training a lot. You know, I did a lot of training. So you know, that was reduced. Did your military training help you a lot with the big and cop? Um, yes and no. Yes and no. I mean, it actually, the cop stuff helped me when I was out when I was deployed. I don't know. That's like looking at people and you know, something that you're rising the area is where I was and everything. So that worked. That worked. I mean, you waited basically, you know, almost like over 20 years to get back to the body building, you know. And you see in 2016, you say, hey, this is new division classic physique, who can convince you to start competing? Someone obviously got interested in it. So my sister, my sister Susan, she was a, a piqueddy pro and she's a nutritionist. And she's on to, and she's like, hey, this is new classic physique going on, you know, a bodybuilder. And at the time, you know, I was going through some hard stuff like in my personal life. And I'm like, yeah, I don't know. She's like, no, no, you got to check it out. So I went online, I'm looking at the pictures and I'm like, wow, this is pretty cool. So she actually did my first prep for me for a, I did a mountain every show. Right. And I'm going to a place of first. And, um, yes, she got me going. She got me going. She's the one who'll get the fire. It's an amazing thing about, you know, you rekindled your body building career over 40 years of age. I'm sure people thought you were crazy. And now you're, you're laughing. We didn't team the universe together. You, you placed second there, just missed the pro card. You actually lost to your best one of your best friends. How did that feel? You know what? So I'm on stage. It's, it's my friend Joe told me he just won his IFBB a couple weeks ago. And we're on stage. And it was, it was so close. I mean, they moved me towards the middle and they moved everybody else around me. Yeah. And then they were like, thank you. And I'm like, that's great. He's dated for me. Everybody else got moved. Right. So they had the nighttime. They were like, second place. And then they called me out. And I was like, kind of stunned for a minute. I just stood there frozen. And I'm like, what? And then, but you know what? If he, he deserved it. He breaks his ass. I mean, he's in the day and day out. He's a police officer too. Oh, yes, I didn't know that. Okay. That's funny. He was in the military too. And he, he transges his heart. We both trained hard. I trained within a million times. He's a great guy. And I was actually so happy that he got it. So it wasn't that bad. If he was anybody else, I would have, I would have flip tables. But, you know. He did good. I was proud of him. And then he, he backstage, you know, he's like, you got to do Pittsburgh. And a couple of the other judges grabbed me. And they were like, you have to go to Pittsburgh. It was by one point. Right. I mean, I looked at the official scorecard. He had seven. I had eight. And then everybody else behind us was like 15 to 20. So we were right there. And the funny thing is, you were asking me, should I do it? You were almost back in that of it. I remember one point. I was like, are you nuts? I was so in my head. And I was so angry. That's what I'm texting you on my pitch. I do it. And you have like, calm down. You get to do it. I was like, all right, I'm going to do it. I'm going to listen to you. I'm going to get out of my head. And that's the problem. You know, like, I tell a lot of people, because a lot of people come up to me, and now congratulate me. And I like what is it? I'm like the most important thing you could do is you have to surround yourself with positive people. People who can push you, because listen, we all get into our heads. It's the sport. It's the sport. You could look at yourself and say, I look too small. Or I look too big. I might diss, am I this? And you get into your head. But you need that positive circle of people that actually pull you and help you with things. Sure. You know, it's funny because then speaking of listening to people, then we say, okay, we're going to do Masters Nationals. Now, you have this cockamame idea that I am only bringing up because I got it because I always tell people when you compete, make your life as simple as possible. I know. You know, I used to go to shows we would wait for the shuttle buses to take us to the hotels and these, these farms. I'm like, after I did that once, never again. I always jumped in a cab myself, paid for it. I didn't care because you don't want to feed stress out right before I show up. So Nick got this idea, hey, you know what? I'm going to, I'm not competing until Friday, but I'll go and fly to Pittsburgh on Tuesday and weigh in to get it out of the way. I'll fly there and fly back and then I'll drive back from New York to Pittsburgh, which is eight hours, by the way. On Thursday and I'll compete on Friday. I said, you're ready, you're freaking mine. You're like, no, no, it's not going to be so big. So tell what happened. So I was at it, my mind. So what I wanted to do was see a lot of guys that they would display, as you know, people, I mean, we have our timing right, you and I, we know our timing, we know what to fill out and everything like that. And I wind it up. I, I would have told you I said, Dave, I'm going to fly out on Tuesday to 55 minutes flight from Maguario. I'm going to jump on the scale. I'm going to come back. I'm going to fill out and we're driving out the Thursday and that's it. We're wrecking shit on Friday. And you're like, are you ready to mine? You're like, no way. And I'm like, no, Dave, it's going to work. Trust me, trust me. And you're like, all right, whatever, do what you guys do. So sure enough, I get to look water, and what is like big monsoon coming down. I'm just up on the top, I'm at from 10.45, not eating anything to four o'clock. And that's what I was like, you're right, Dave. We're going to Thursday, we're going to fill it up. We'll lean it up Thursday. And then that's it, you know. So we had to go all the way back home. And he had to eat all day because he thought he was going to try to make way on Tuesday, luckily, you know, we still had it. It was early enough for the week that it didn't matter. Probably got him hard because he burned the little fat. You started eating again. And then we just did it the right way on Thursday. But yeah. So the moral of the story is, don't make your life complicated right before a show. Oh, don't. And then, you know, because I trained, I trained with Marco Rivera. Right. So Marco Rivera is my trainer. And he told me the same thing. He's like, no way. I'm like, God, you guys don't know what you're talking about. There you go. You do it all. Good. So he's like, how was the trip? I said, this is Wednesday. I'm like, I didn't know. He goes, what do you need to go? I said, no, it was all the fights of canceled. And he was like, dude, he goes, welcome to the world, a pro bodybuilding. He's like, we, he goes, he goes, he goes, this before I got my card. But he was like, basically, he goes, listen, your pro. He goes, basically, we're like, less minute things. And you don't want to stress the body out. It's just, it is what it is. He's like, when he went out to the Olympia, he flew in at 10 o'clock, that making him way in. He was like, I was out of play for five hours. There. Jump on the scale. So he told me, too. He goes, you have to make things very less stress to on the body. And now I will. Now put it listen to you guys. There's no such thing as getting in and out of an airport quickly, especially in New York airport. That's for sure. I know, especially the audience. All right, now you know your dream has always been to step on that New York pro stage. And that's pretty much the plan for 2019 to make your pro debut in New York. Why is that important to you? Well, you know what it is. They move to venue, not to what's just the county. Right. And it's good, because now my son could be there. He don't have to travel. I don't have to worry. All my family and friends are there. And New York pro is a big show. I mean, listen, this top athlete from the world that come into these shows to try to make it to the Olympia. And you know, for even for me, just to say, hey, I jumped on the New York pro stage. And then maybe take off another year, a plan something with you. And then you know, just put it on some mess and then come in with something else. I mean, I'm ready to rock a roll. You know, I'm ready. You should have just done Tampa this past weekend. This is an, I should say next week, because get it out of your system ready. I know. I know. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. Don't get any ideas in your head. Relax. You just want your pro card earned. I always say enjoy the spoils of your victory. You know? Yeah. And you know what? I still like they interviewed me. I've been interviewing Pittsburgh. And they were like, how do you think about the show? And I was just like, the show was well organized and stuff like that. And I said, you know what? If I had to do another national show, I would be Pittsburgh. I mean, it was well read. I mean, all the national shows are well read. But this one was a little bit different from the other ones. And you know, they heard me. I think it was, I don't know if it was, it was somebody from the I of B.B. But they heard me and they came up to me. Because I said in the interview, I'm like, you know what? If I have to do this next year, I'm like, wait a minute. I'm an I of B.B. pro. I'm just, I'll come back next year. And I'll say, kids would everybody and hang out with people. So the guys like, so the person's like, that's what we want in the I of B.B. We need people to be an ambassador to the sport. Right. Right. Right. Like, you know, if you set that without even, but you know, I love people. I love hanging out. I love helping people, you know. The next is Nationals Nick is a great show. And if people haven't gone, I'll tell you why. Because it's, it's, yeah, this is the team and collegiate guys there. But they're very far and free to be seen. It's the, oh, it's mostly guys over the age of 35. It's a different mindset. It's the guys that started usually a lot of these guys in the, in the 90s. They have a lot of respect for each other. No one's like got a big ego there. Most people just, they just, they're happy. They're competing. It's a good atmosphere. It's fun. It doesn't seem competitive at all. It seems very relaxed whenever I've gone there in the past. I enjoy that show. It's, to me, it's too long now. But that's a good thing. But it's, it's, it's, it is a long weekend. But I always enjoy the show because everyone was very thankful to be there and people kind of had, you know, jobs are ready. It wasn't just a bunch of young guys who didn't know what they wanted to do with the rest of the life. These were people that were established to ready, who just loved competing, you know? It's, yeah, it's just like, yeah, exactly right. I mean, listen, I love this sport. I love bodybuilding. I love it, you know, but at, you know, my first profession is I'm a police officer. You know, so that comes first. But I love this sport. But you're exactly right. It's so relaxed when everybody being older. And you know what? It's a lot tough for this show because my flesh, everybody has muscle maturity. We're on the same boat. It's not like I'm going to get up some tin in the open. Who's like, holy shit, how do I, how do I feel out like that? You know, after you turn 35 baby. Yeah. You know, so it was, it was a tough show. I was behind stage. And I, I was impressed with all the athletes out there. I mean, even the guys, even the older guys, like, I can't believe some of the guys that are like in the 60s, you know, even even Larry, like out front Larry, the competing place second. And Larry's physique is unbelievable for 60 years old. I see. Yeah, I told Larry, so Larry, everyone else looked like they might have been in their 60s. You actually look like you're in your 40s, because he doesn't, he looked very young. And I remember about 15 years ago when I helped my good friend Charlie arms, he won one of the first 60 and over. I guess he won twice there. And that's when they first started giving the pro-cards in the 60. And there was three guys in the 60 and over the whole class. Now it's like, they got weight classes. They got like probably 50 guys in 60 and over in their wall. Amazing, you know? Yeah, I think there was three or four classes in the over 60. And I was impressed. I was impressed. Yeah. I couldn't believe it. But like you said, you know, these guys who's been doing it for so long, and they just love the sport. And, you know, are they going to get something with it? You know, no, but they do it for the love of the sport. Yeah. And to say that you're an IFBB pro now, that's a prestigious thing. Sure. You know, break your rest of the gym day to day out. I mean, I gave a solid, full, included Pittsburgh almost 20 weeks of, of what's what in tears. You did a very proud of you, Nick, and congratulations on the huge win. And check that bucket list off and we'll be hitting the stage as a pro next year at the New York pro. So any final words you want to give out there? Any thanks. You want to say anyone? I just want to thank everybody who's been behind me. And also, I want to thank the people who were against me because without you guys, you know, I got to thank you guys as well. I have to. Because, you know, you give me the push. That's what happens. Well, words, wise words, well said, and that's going to take us to the end of another episode. The live with brought to you by species nutrition. Visit species nutrition.com. On day polo, we'll see you next time.