We're going to be launching the tasty pastry for the low-car caulk tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. I'm Dave Palombo, and today is Wednesday, July 21st, 2021. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Ladies and gentlemen, once again, we are coming to you live from the ARX muscle studios with another jam-packed edition of Recap Wednesday, and we're starting off our coverage today with a recapt of the Portugal Pro. In the men's open, Italy's Andrea Presti delivered his all-time best, and the judges rewarded him with a well deserved win, and the first Olympia qualification of his career for his efforts. In the two 12 Brazil's Lucas Whalo was dominant from the Minidistaft on stage, and now it looks like he could be a potential top 10 Olympian this October to de-keep it up. In classic physique, our pre-show favorite Jose Maria Muarte, we're a very aka the metal man to care business to keep his win streak intact, and in then's physique, Felipe Franco, that we've been talking about lately, crews to an easy win. In women's bodybuilding rushes and Estasia, Leonardo da Liviter's strong performance on the way to collecting the first win of her career, and in women's physique another one of our pre-show favorites, Danny Castillo returned to the podium again after pulling together the best look that we've seen from her. In figure, Rea Gale continued her strong 2021 campaign by securing her first win of the season, and in fitness, Finland's Minna Pajolati, punch her ticket back to the Olympia stage with the big win, and finally we're wrapping up our coverage here with Christina Runeauer, who ended up taking home the top spot in bikini. If you were down in Tijuana last weekend, hopefully you had a chance to swing over to the hotel real, because we had some of the best classic physique athletes in the business, putting their talents on display. But at the end of the day, with the big story here was Mike Summerfield who brought in his all-time best on the way to earning a convincing win and another well-deserved trip back to the Olympia stage. Germany's Eurs Colisinski looked great in his second place ever here, as he managed to edge out a strong performance from Brazil's Julio Ballastrin de Fretis, fourth place went to Mexico's own Jorge Luis Gorrano, Galegas, and rookie Tom Connelly rounded out this solid top five group in his pro debut. We've been a nut. We actually had three pro shows here in the US last weekend too, and the first one, upon our dock, and today is the Republic of Texas Pro, and men's physique Andre Lincoln came saw and conquered in his season debut, bringing him the best look of his career, and I think to a certain degree, reestablish himself as a legitimate title contender. Another strong effort from veteran Jason Winne was enough to earn him the runner-up spot here, and Nick Koe put together his best effort of the season to earn a top three finish. The big headline in the bikini division came from second year pro to Rajahil. Who's going to the Olympia again after delivering another fantastic effort. Second place went to the goat, Aaron Stern as she continued her quest to make it to the bikini Olympia stage for the first time, and perennial Olympian Chris Bahades rounds out the top three, if the putting together a solid effort to start her season. This year's annual Battle of the Desert went down out in Baker's field California last weekend, and when the dust finally settled rookie Shoshana Karins, found herself as the last woman standing as she clenched the win and an Olympia qualification in her pro debut. Second place, finisher Jessica Delias put together her best effort of the season, which gave her the slight edge over eventual third place finisher Benaya Augusti. Fourth place went to Sierra Swan who collected her third straight top five finish to the season, and the dangerous one at Kaley, Howdy Shell, rounded out this strong top five group. And finally, we're wrapping up the busiest contest coverage weekend of the year so far with the lender Murray Pro, and we're starting with classic physique where Brady King managed to earn the first win of his pro career in impressive fashion. Clarence McSpade and continued his hot streak in men's physique, re-cruised to another easy win, while in women's body building LaDon McDay pulled it all together to finally earn her first win of the season. And we're wrapping things up with our coverage here with the figure division and your winner, Lola Montez, who looked as good as ever after a two year layoff. And that does it at the end another edition of Muscle in the Morning. I'm Dave Palombo reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.