They belong to this species spotlight. Today we're going to talk about post-workout nutrition. So that everyone is consumed and obsessed with. And you know why? Because it's important. And we know post-workout. We want to do two things. We want to get protein into that muscle cells. And we want to get carbs in there. And the protein is important because it rebuilds muscle tissues. The carbs are important to regulate those muscles. Let's talk about what happens. Number one, you take an protein supplement. Right? This speed with which it gets into the bloodstream gets digested into the bloodstream. And just as the muscle cell is going to be the most important factor. Okay, why? Because we want those amino acids specifically loosened to go into the nucleus in the muscle cell and turn on something known as emitor. Emitor is the protein machinery. It's like the switch in the factory that makes things start to work. And when you turn on emitor, now the body starts preparing muscle tissue. Now we need to feed more protein into the system, which is exactly what a good quality 100% weight protein isolate is going to accomplish. We want a protein supplement that has nothing in it. Nothing that's going to confuse. Nothing that's going to stall or delay the absorption. Isolize is my number one selling product. There's a reason why it is. Because it's a 100% weight protein isolate. It's the purest one on the market. It's got 27.5 grams of protein per serving. And that is the highest yield in any other protein product out there on the market. There's a reason for that. I'll tell you why. Because I want the best. I don't want anyone to use anything less than the best. And I don't spare any expense. So I went out and procured the highest quality weight isolate with the least amount of what we like to call contaminants in there. Why should the stuff enters the muscle cells effortlessly? They digest effortlessly. And that's exactly what I utilize it does. However, that's only one part of the equation. Another part of the recovery processes replacing the glycogen that's inside the muscle cells. glycogen is basically stored glucose. It's stored sugar. That's the fuel source that the muscles use when you weight train. When you work out with high intensity activity, you use glucose as a fuel source. So when you're training in the gym and doing your work, that's your exhausting. The glycogen stores inside the muscle cells. Almost like the gas in the tank of your car. So we want to replace that. But we need to replace it with something that's easily absorbed. So we resort to using what we call a high molecular weight carbohydrate. Why? Because they're absorbed quicker from the stomach than sugar is. They don't cause stomach distress. And they pull, they pull, they have a pulling effect. They draw nutrients into the muscle cells, which is exactly what we want to post work out. So when you take a brood to quality weight protein isolate with a high molecular weight carbohydrate, like carbohydrates, okay? You're going to draw all the good stuff into the muscle cells and you're going to really speed up recovery. And that's what we want. We want to speed recovery. Carbolize is a high molecular weight amulopactin and that when you mix in water, okay? It basically dissolves and it goes right into your cells. And it doesn't cause that bloating to get when you take in high amounts of sugar. Back in the past we used to have to use grape juice. We used, you know, dextrose. And everyone had the same complaints to my stomach, my stomach feels terrible. Why? Because the stuff which is laying in there, high molecular weight carbohydrates entered the cells and entered the bloodstream very quickly. So when you combine a high quality weight protein isolate with a high molecular weight carbohydrate, which is exactly what carbohydrates and islizes, you get that bang bang effect of increasing the speed of recovery and muscle rebuilding. That's what we want. The people ask me, what do you make a shake like an MRE or a meal replacement shake that you just put it all together? So we don't have the thing. Well, here's the problem. Not everyone needs the same amount of protein in the same amount of carbs. I can't create 16 different ratio products because I would have 2800 skews. So what I did was I created two grape products. You're by both, you use what you want. Back in the day I would use two scoops of isolate, which would be 55 grams of protein. Now we do one or two scoops of carbohydrates, which would be 40 to 80 grams of carbs, depending on how much I was needing at the time. And that's exactly what you guys can do if you're a woman, if you're a man, if you're old, if you're young, you can customize your postwork adchick according to what you're protein and what your carbohydrate requirements are. Not everyone wants a lot of carbs. Maybe people only want 20 grams of carbs for their 50 grams of protein that they're going to be taking in. Or maybe they only want 30 grams of protein and they want more carbs because they're an endurance athlete. This gives you the flexibility to use what you want. It's stupid to sell everything all together because you're limiting your audience. Yeah, you probably make more money because when you put carbs into a protein pattern, it becomes a cheaper product. But I feel that the best way to do it is provide the best quality way and the best quality carbs. And then you guys decide how you want to mix it. Let's mix up a shake right now. All right, so I got my eyesolized here. One of the great things about is that it really tastes good too, which makes it really easy to get down. So we're going to do, I'm going to do since I'm not competing anymore. I'm going to do a one scoop, which is going to be 27.5 grams of protein. That's enough for me. I'm not doing crazy workouts anymore. And I'm going to go to my carbohydrates. Now, the advantage of a high-mallect weight carbohydrate is that it does all these great things. But a lot of problems that people have with these high-mallect weight carbohydrates, they don't mix very well. It's a goopy. When I did was I all for my granize this stuff, I made it almost like baby powder. And you'll see it's getting all over the place. It's like, you've got to be like a chemist to put this in there because otherwise you're going to make a mess. You can see it's all over the table because it's very finely powdered. The reason you do that is that when you mix it, it stays mixed. And you can mix this with a spoon. And I'm not even using enough water. But I'm just doing to show you. And you'll see that once I mix this, there's no goopyness. It doesn't settle at the bottom. It's mixed completely through. And I'm using my banana flavoring here. I also have an unflavored carbohydrates which will enable you to mix it with anything you want and not change the flavor of your protein. I happen to like banana. Banana is good with chocolate. It's good with vanilla. I'm actually mixing this with my favorite flavor of ice-lice. It's vanilla peanut butter. And once again, no goopyness. This is delicious. I love it. It's a banana peanut butter. Now a flavor. I'm telling you this is, I can drink this. Well, I sometimes have two with three these a day because I get so busy. I can't eat. It does smell. Mmm. I'm tireless as it smells good too. And that's important as well. Guys, if you want to maximize your postwork at recovery, you've got to use high-quality protein, a high-quality carbohydrate, and mix it to your own needs. That's isolize and carbolize all day long. Give it a shot at speciesnutrition.com.