Day Palumba with another RX muscle rant. Today's topic hair loss. How to stop it? How to grow new hair? What to do? Look, in the bodybuilder world, there's a lot of problems with hair loss. There's a lot of shade head body mows. I mean, probably the old cliche is what do you call a guy who's got a lot of muscle and a shave head and a bodybuilder is the answer. They all look the same. I happen to have enormous head. If I shave, I would look like a murderer. So I have to try to do all kinds of crazy tricks for my hair. I'll tell you some of the things I have done. But the truth is that when I first started to notice some hair loss in the 90s, the only thing really out there, there were two drugs. Two remedies I guess you could say. One was a row game. And row game was basically, it was an old, believe it or not, a blood pressure medication years and years and years ago, that they found great regroup hair in some people. So they put it into some kind of a topical solution and you would spray it and you could still get it in the drug source. You spray it and you head you rub it in and it smells like who knows. It opens up the pores back there. It opens the hair plug holes. I don't know. I used it for when I first started losing hair and all I noticed was I got a flaky scalp from it. I got like, it made my scalp peel. And it also something I noticed was when I went for blood work, it would really increase my clotting time. So my clotting time took much longer to happen. So I was noticing I was bleeding more. I would bleed longer on it. Now I went and actually got what something called PT and PTT times, pro-framin time is done. And while I was on that rogue-ing stuff, mine were elevated. And it's funny. But the doctor was really shocked to catch it because I in a million years would never guess because that's what it was that did it. Anyway, I stopped using because it wasn't really doing anything anyway. And then I went to the pill remedy which I really didn't want to go to because that's something you have to use all the time to the rest of your life. If you don't keep using it, it doesn't. You'll lose the hair. You grew from it. And it was basically finasterized which they call the brand name is Pro-Pisha. The Pro-Pisha is the 2.5 milligram or 2 milligram. It looks to me. 1 milligram is Pro-Pisha. 5 milligram is something called pro-scroutes which was prescribed for prostate enlargement. Now the way these drugs work is they actually inhibit the conversion of testosterone into die-hide-dure testosterone, also known as DHT. DHT being responsible in adults for hair loss, prostate enlargement, acne breakouts. And young men who are just growing and hitting puberty, it helps you develop your secondary sex characteristics. They can draw hair growth for the face, muscle growth. That's up is necessary. It's sex drive. It's a certain degree. When you get older, you don't really need as much of it anymore. I started taking Pro-Pisha back in 90, something or another. I think it was like 99 or something like that. I noticed that my hair was losing it anymore. I stopped losing it. I didn't really regrow much hair, but I did stop losing the hair. So I stayed on it. I'd been on it since forever. It was 15 years now. Like I said, I'm afraid to go off and it's like, I don't want to lose it. The benefit of it, I noticed was that I didn't break out as much because I was prone to breaking out as a bodybuilder because it lowered my DHT levels. And I also never had a prostate problem, not going to work for 50 years old. But my dad had prostate issues. So I think it would be prostate protective. That worked okay. But it didn't take care of the hair that I was sitting here on. And I was losing on my head. Or I had lost already. They say that when you notice you're losing hair, you've already lost 50% of your hair. So it's kind of like, it's too late almost. So recently they've come at, well, also back then, I remember Bill Phillips doing an article on a hair loss that he was talking about using Nizzerol shampoo. Nizzerol shampoo is an anti-fungal shampoo. So if you have a penny of a petest, which is, I believe it's been a penny of corp. It's got the tinny which is bring warm on your head. I have to go with 20 days. If you use the Nizzerol shampoo, it will get rid of it. But they found that I had also been caused hair, you know, regrew. So I was using Nizzerol shampoo like a nutcase twice a day. Overdried my scalp, same problem with the rugging, flaky scalp. And I'm like, through this, I've rather no hair than have the answerable of everything. You know, you always see that one person is going to like the suit on. I think that the answerable of a suit, I don't want to be that guy. So I scrapped the Nizzerol shampoo. Recently, like I said, they've been doing something, you know, and they've been talking about stem cells, you know, for a hundred years. stem cells will be the answer to hair loss that you'll regrew hair with them and everything like that. So now they're doing these generalized stem cell injections into your scalp along with some PRP, which is platelet rich plasma, they spin your blood down, they separate the blood cells from the plasma, the liquid portion, the plasma has the growth factors that it's usually with the use for injury or repair. But they're probably that if they use the stem cells and the PRP and your scalp supposedly you regrew hair. Now, if it worked that good, everyone would be doing it and everyone would be talking about it. I haven't heard convincing evidence to prove that it does anything to be honest with you. So I mean, you can try it, it can't hurt, I guess, but it can hurt your pocketbook a lot. Because the stem cell injections are very, you know, cost prohibitive in most people. So what does the answer? What do you do? Well, if you're just starting to know it's a little bit of thinning, you might consider using like a formula like my testolize, which will block or belong to DHC production, but not get rid of it completely. We won't really super low rate. That might be a first line of the fence. Second line of the fence is if you're really losing it, you know, and you say, you know what, I'm screwed, I have a family history of it. I would go on not one million grand, which is propitious. I would go on two and a half milligrams. That's it. That would be tell your doctor to prescribe finasteride, which is the 5 million grand one and it also noticed pro scar. And then just crack them in half and you got two days worth to point 2.5 one day, 2.5 the next day. And that's what I do. And it seems to work well. I don't have any sexual side effects. I'm not lowering my THDHT levels too low. And so I'm not affecting anything negatively in my body. And now how do you know if you do HZ2 low? We get to go for blood work. So the blood work will tell you what your DHT levels are. You want them in the low side of normal. So you don't want them below normal. You want them normal, but on the low side of normal. And that's what the ideal balance would be for that. I've tried all kinds of different weird champos and stuff like that, because everyone's in a log it on this like bad haircut. My solution has been, you know, you can make fun of me all you want or whatever, is I just dye my hair alive. So right after I dye it, it looked very dark and maybe too dark my scalp. But at least I have cover for me. I do it for myself. So when I look at the videos online or when I watch, when I see pictures we take outside, the kids are in there that I don't look so well. Okay, let's face it. So everyone has their own, Donald Trump just comes over. I wish I had as much hair to come over as he does, but I don't have as much hair to come over. I only have enough to push right back a little bit here and cover a little bit of the top. You know, we all try our own things. You know, not everyone cares about hair. Some guys have good heads and they have good facial features. They can get away with, you know, with the shades head. Not all of us can. A lot of us want hair. So, you know, if you don't want to go to hair club for men and get a fake hair piece on, and you know, you're probably your best bet with me to try the, the propicia or what's again, I would probably do 2.5 milligrams of just generic. The finasterized is generic things for propicia and proscades. You did 2.5 milligrams every day. I think you'd be fine. You could throw the test to lies in, like I said, if you just started to see some hair loss, see if that helps. And, you know, don't forget, check your blood levels of DHCs to make sure you're not going to low or they're not too high. I hope this helped a lot of people you've been asking me what to do for hair loss. I know they also have these lasers. You can go. It's a lot of these hair club doctors have the lasers. And then you can sit on them and these cold lasers and they expose the stingy length of follicles to grow yet. Once again, I don't know anyone who says, Dave, it worked on me. So once again, I would stick with what I know seems to work right now. And if in a couple of six months, a year, two years, three, and five years, take just all of a sudden they grow and hair and petri dishes and so on and back in your head, believe me, I'll be the first guy in line. For now, the Humpeh Palumbo. With another Red Con 1, our X-Muscle Ram.