I'm Dave Holumbo, founder of Species Nutrition. I created Species Nutrition with one mission in mind. To provide body builders and serious athletes with no nonsense supplements that work and are backed by science. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body. And that lives on in the Species Nutrition line of products. We use only top-of-the-line formulations, toast for maximum results and the best flavoring systems available. I've put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition products. If you want to be your absolute best, join the evolution. See you! Roger stayed! Like I said, do you like my tail? For a shoot. Welcome back to Iron Rage on Dave Palombo. Here with Lee Priest as always and Lee, I got to be a scadden. You got me off guard. I didn't hear their like I said, like my tail bit. That's how you lift it out. I don't know. Well, we didn't leave it out, but I ran the commercials the opposite so you don't get to hear that. But I will say this. We were talking off camera. I decided I want to start my own puppet show and I want Lee, I want to go into business that you were going to make puppet show. But I figured that, seeing the one you're talking on your show, you're doing stuff like that. That's weird. If Jim Henderson wasn't dead, you'd be like, you'd be definitely a co-run of a fucking sesame street or something. You probably actually, you'd probably look good as big bird. Jim Hansen, Jim Hansen, you. Jim Hansen, Jim Hansen, you know. The guy, when I was a kid, I came up the other day on, I guess I was looking on YouTube or somewhere, but the guy that played Big Bird, he's played Big Bird for like 60, 70 odd years at that guy. Has been, like he's been the only Big Bird. He's almost like, I didn't know that. Got his, he's still got his one. I think so, because it came up in his being, huh? That's just a charity, right? Exactly. Job security, nobody knows who you really are. That's right. That's right. I know a couple people who I think are Big Bird, but I guess they really weren't. We know, I know a few people too, that are a bit weird, but you know what Dave, you'd be good at it, cause look. Oh, you got poppettled, I got poppettled. Oh, I like my child. You like my child? Oh, my child. Hey, you like my, can we? Oh, hello Steve. Hello Steve. Oh, you look very good, hold on. Hey, I think we need to give you another contract. I have an idea for marketing. Oh, what would that be, Steve? What would that be? Please tell me, please tell me I'm very excited, Steve. I'll tell you what, I'll put you on the cover. How about that? The cover, Steve. Can you show my tail on the cover? Look, Steve, look at my tail. Look at my tail. I'll make you a star. I know I've done it before. I'll make you a star. I know I've done it before. Oh, a star. I've always wanted to be a star. Everything's like, how do you copy, with the queen? Oh, that's so brush is going to be a star. Oh, this is going to be so exciting. Wait, so I turn on my mother. Oh, please, please. Please, please, please. So we prisma's flat slow is. Woo! Oh, Steve, Steve, you know what, Steve? Can you give me a good contract? What's this, Steve? What's this, Steve? I've been practicing just for the contract. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Steve, did you see that? Yes, you see, guys go three, three, three, we did. They're, they're very strieted. I don't have to you know this time. Oh, with my tail, Steve, it doesn't matter. Look, you can't really see my roots of style, baby. But look, I have a place where you can go. Oh, oh, oh, the up nerve, up nerve. Oh, oh. Yes, Steve, very wonderful. It'll be wonderful. But take you for the contract and look very forward to it. And Victor here is making it come back to. Maybe we can put you guys in a photo shoot together. I'll call Pairbendown. What do you think at that buzzer? Would you like to be in a contract, total? Yeah. Oh, yes. Yes, he said he'll be very happy. What's that? Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Oh, yes. That'll be very good. Thank you. Thank you. I'm very happy. Oh, can we get Melvin Anthony to come back to and call the let. Oh, yes, it'll be wonderful. We'll one the full. Let's get. Let's get. We'll get Dory and under contract, too, because he's a he's a legend. Oh, Dory. Oh, yes, Dory. He's from England too, like me. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. What did you think about this, uh, I have a question for you, because, you know, social media is then we've been debating social media a lot on the arts, Russell channel. I just did a big after hour show with Greg Valentino and Ramanow, and we were talking a lot about the social media of aspect of body building and competition. And, you know, what do you think about Brian Anzley attacking. Nick from Nick strength and power channel. Obviously, you know, saying, you know, it's not a real, you know, media guy. He's not a body builder. I mean, do you think it was appropriate? Or do you think that, you know, as he ride or is this Nick pretty much having, you know, he can say what every once, you know, he's got his own channel. That's ridiculous. Cause you know, Nick, when you watch Nick's channel, he's never, well, I've never seen him be abusive to anyone or attack anyone personally. He's like, okay, he can't use the excuse. But, you know, when you're not a body builder, not a pro, they don't train. They don't, they don't, they don't train. They don't, they don't, they don't train. Look at back in the day, Link conquer like Lonnie Tapper, half these people weren't body builders. They're born like everything. They don't have them work. They went to the shows and they reported along what they saw. They'd be like, fuck me dead. Imagine, look at every other sport, baseball football and their fail and all these other things. They mean, those sports report as a people to commentate, have actually ever played the game. Sure, you sometimes get now a retired one or two that goes on TV. Yeah. But most of the ones that ride in the magazine, they've never played a game in their life. So his whole aspect of, and what he said too wasn't that bad. He just figured he just said, going on how Chris looks and how he looked and how everyone looks, he goes, he thinks Chris has got the better physical probably winning. He's like, yeah, shout out, I think that's not he should end up like, Jesus Christ, you fucking men with muscles. You're not girls wearing fucking toothed. Not, not, not fucking, like it's though. Oh, that act like you don't go on, don't die. Okay, shout out. So you know, I agree, I think you've got to write to their opinion. You don't have to, it doesn't have to be wrong to agree with it. And people shouldn't take a personal. I think a lot of people had offended by the critiques. Even we give on this show here. I get people mad at me because they don't like the opinion I gave. And that's, you know, just my opinion. This is, I mean, I don't like his person, you know? Have you heard the comments sometimes under a video's dive? Yeah. But what gets me is, though, could you imagine if Nick had to come out and said, with the Olympia coming up and blah, blah, blah, blah, Breones looking great. If he had said Breone was number one and Breone was going to be Chris, there wouldn't have been a fucking problem. Breone would have been, oh, that's great. Thanks, Nick. Wonderful report. Right. Of course. Because he said it. Because he said it the other way around. It's like, it's like this whole thing going on with me, Loss and Ian and shit. And when that kept blowing up and blowing up, I'm like, okay, you're trying to max. We understand max. You think I'd overlook because you're his train. You're a bit more personally involved. But I'm still saying it's like Ian was number one. Max was number five. Me, Loss, why aren't you fucking pissed off at the guy that got fucking 4-3 in second? Why are you going from fucking fifth and you're attacking Ian first? Right. There's three other fucking people are so in between. Right. You're not going, well, such as such, it got 4th, 4th, max should have been him. And then something's such to got 3rd, max should have been him. You know, look, if Max, if it was the in first and max second, and it was super close, then you can maybe go, oh shit, it was really close. I think Max should have got it, but then it could have gone either way. But when Ian's first and max is fifth, this people in between, so why aren't you getting mad at them? Why are you getting fucking mad at Ian? Ian doesn't control the judging even right away. Me, Loss, look at me. I so like you, but come on, it's like, go, speak to the judge and be polite to the judge. No, me, Loss, sometimes goes off when you go down there. Yeah, we can't understand why you just live in him. Fuckin' walls, but fuck you know, they go off. Yeah, it's like, yeah, he was like, I think we should get mad at him. Maybe because sometimes when I want to show, and then someone got 6 or 7, only 3 should know why, and I should have beat him. I'm like, wait a minute, you're in 7. I can understand. I can understand that if you got fucking second, I should have, you know. Right. What about all these other people that are between you, me and you, as the same with Ian, Ian was first. Max was fifth, and Maylson is a tech and Ian for some reason when there's a few other people in between him. But I didn't get it. Basil doesn't get it either. No. You make a very good point because you're right. If you read the magazine's back in the day, it wasn't being written by bodybuilders, most of these articles. They were being written by regular people who didn't really compete, and they would just be had had been established as people who were assigned to cover the show. They became experts by the fact that they did it for many, many, many years. And if people like watching, you know, or reading their articles or they like watching a certain YouTube channel for their analysis, then that's up to that, really. It doesn't, you know. I mean, Nick even states, he's like, look, I'm not an expert. I'm not portraying myself to me next word. I'm just a fan who's given my fan to me. Exactly. And sometimes I'd rather eat a thing to opinion because they're passionate, and you know, pretty much too, when someone like Nick's been around the sport for that long, and he's followed the sport, and he's always given. Yeah, pretty much all the stuff he says. He's pretty fair. Like I said, you might disagree or agree with him. Sometimes the general is pretty spot on, but it's just like he said, he's opinion. He's, you know, he's got a key in eyes like it. So why can't he do it? And like I said, if he had had said something nice, there would have been a problem. And what he said wasn't bad. He just thinks Chris, the way Chris is looking to weigh it's judged, he thinks Chris will get, you know, to nod for the in first place. Now, someone said that about me, I've got, okay, well, you know, what I'm going to go fucking train hard and knuckle down and fucking bust my ass, and I'll prove you wrong. You don't need to get upset about it. You're just smiling, go, oh, I know. That's what Nick thinks I'll show him come day to show. But the go on, like Nick said with that half hour rent, and then say no one watches you channel when we know Nick's got almost a million subscribers. I think I can pre-on better check again and see what's going on. But, you know, that's like, well, you know, another thing we also pointed out when I was interviewing a John and Greg Valentino earlier today, we were talking about, you know, why certain channels have a lot of viewers. And, you know, Greg was complaining that, you know, the sport has lost the hard core following. I said, no, the hard core following is still there. The hard core following just was never huge. So, you know, whoever on our channel is the hard core following. I mean, but the mainstream media people, or the mainstream people who watch and just are interested in by building from a fan perspective, way out numbers, the hard core people. And that's why I can see a channel like Nick's who has almost, you know, millions subscribers versus us who has a quarter million subscribers because there's way more general people who work out than there are in hard core, you know, fanatics, you know, and and troll. I think it's the troll. Well, the trolls are there for, they're all of the things that the trolls are. Yeah, but the thing is, you know, it's not a hard core people. Like me, I might look at someone's channel read something and then watch it. But they don't comment the hard core people were just looking at the information or watch it. But the trolls and the idiots are the ones that seem to post the most she could watch any video or anything that goes up or to be the trolls. Yeah. It's back there. There's like, there's like, there's a one's that take a board of time. And then I tell you, Dave, when you click on those trolls profile, like I said, they look like they got no business in the sport of body building. Fuck me. It's like if they want to say 30 bucks a month, he's their quickest tip cancel your gym membership, you dickage, you're wasting your fucking time. It's like fuck me there. I just saved your 35 bucks whatever you pay in monthly. Go spend it at your local pub on the fucking Dark Board. You probably do better. But yeah, it's like, yeah, but they all go on, but, you know, you remember that wasn't bad. You remember when the message boards were like big, a big deal like the forums and stuff like that when they first were like, get big, get big, what's the main one? Yeah. But I'm saying most of those guys were also that all the like the Miss Crians and all the like people who have no right who being even calling themselves a bodybuilder, all the people who like couldn't hold the job strap of like any pro bodybuilder this. Those are the guys that were causing the most problems on those message boards. And it used to drive me crazy. You know, why can't black men would watch those message boards and they say, Salon Salos said, I said, Steve, Dave, it's a troll. The cares would that's not what 99% of the population believes. It's one retard who's who's causing trouble on there. He's like the class clown who just wants to get a lot of attention. I said, I know we got to tell me he would take it like seriously like these guys. I take I take a fence that you call me to one troll and I did my job well. But man, but everybody's going to make the get big. It's like, fuck, we're on everything used to stir shit up on the get big. He's still doing it on. He's still doing it. He's still doing it. I can't even believe that board still functioning, you know, but it is. You know, what the two, I probably haven't looked at that board for years. I didn't even think it was still going. It's exactly the same. The links, it looks like it's from the, you know, the 1990s, the way it's set up. He, I don't think Ryan is on the way. I don't think it like that. I just remember, I just remember those glasses he had. He could start a forest fire with those. Fuck, it's this light. My gosh. He's the boy. I just spent thousands on the telescope. You look at craters on the moon. He could just go, well, yeah, but you don't have to pay me that. Ryan is, Ryan is a true bodybuilding fan because he was making zero money from that important. He never would take advertising. Nothing. The only thing he took some advertising for was to pay for the, the, the, the server fees. It was, it was, it was total passion because there was no business model there. What's the other? When you, when you, when you, that, this is going to come as a shock to you. But when, when I tell you these two names, you got to see that they were separated of birth, run, have a thing and Steve niece. Yeah, oh yeah, you're right. If they weren't fucking twins, I don't know what. How about Ryan Harris and Woody Allen? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't know if, as Ron married his, I'm, what is that? No, no, no. Step to order or fucking. But remember, Steve, me's would come into the gym. It always come into his tanks of one. Yeah, let's flare it out. To be carrying that little look like a little fucking school lunch box where he's camping. Come over. I mean, on, yeah, big arms. You go, uh, 21. You go 21, I, I got a take measure. Let's measure. Okay. You're so accurate. That's such an accurate. You're probably, you can get police take measure out. Oh, oh, oh, I didn't count. I hear you go and he made you go. You're correct, but he always said that take measure. So anyone that gave him a measurement, he would pull that thing in. Yeah, guys, like, nah, nah, I don't want to measure. I'm not, yeah, I'm not. Yeah, that's not true. Every time. Oh, he would say, go get on the scale. What do you want? Come down to the scale. What do you mean, I, I walked into the parking lot. And I walked into the gym. And he's like, uh, I looked, I, my face was like this. I was huge. I was like, what do you wait? I said 319. He's like, you want to get on the scale? I said, sure. I got on the scale. It was 319. You know, because I didn't lie. I never lied and have to lie. It was like, you wanted the biggest guy. So he's like, so we went to the parking lot. And he's like, let me get some pictures. And he actually has the only pictures of me at that way. And he put, I think he ran it muscle man. But he was, uh, as he was taking the picture, I told the story before. Makements are pulled up in that volar, station where I get me at. You remember that thing? He's the right. Look like it's from the fucking potridge family. Yeah. And he gets, and mentally, must be late for an appointment. He's meant to use to train people with goals. And he's, he's like circling me like a wolf. As niece is shooting me in the parking lot. You know, with the shirt off, and I'm like hitting the last bread. And he's like, holy shit. This guy's a freak. This guy's a freak. Holy shit. This guy's a freak. This guy's a freak. He was like, oh, this guy's having a coneption. And then after, he shot me on over to him and he was like, oh, man. What's your name again? That guy's a date to one boat. He was like, yeah, he goes, holy, Matt, go get your freak, your freak. Holy shit. What do you weigh? Fuck out. I had to go, I got to go and you ran into the changes. I was just printed on him. You're most, you almost said, like, Don Rossi went from, you went from like, meant to the fucking, yeah, what's that? Don Rossi, you're crazy of me, too. Yeah. Don Rossi. Don Rossi. You're a freak. You're a freak. You're a holy, a mactoral. This guy's a freak. Yeah. You're a freak. You're a freak. You're a cool people. People, people, people, people, people, people. Look at him. As he's spitting you guys. Yeah. He's not like these pants on next. They're like, oh, the fucking pants. They fucking pencil next to come into a fucking gym. They should've been fucking in here. They're like, that fucking pants on their car over there. And I used to get on cuffed by a returner around on him. I'd be like, Don, man, you're looking fucking baby and, and rip today. He'd be like, yeah, like you did. Yeah. And he always went on a bit of pencil next time. Fucking pants on next time. Fucking. We don't have characters like that anymore, Lee. And this is interesting. No. Well, even though he said even fucking Jerry Friedrich was a character down there. If he's fucking camera on, oh yeah. Oh, yeah. If he down there. Jerry will be down there with the girls. He'll always look like one of those fucking perfects with the girls. And I'll be telling the girls I said, these pictures ain't down anyway, but he's fucking bedroom. Oh, that's fucking. Show me his card. He got that little card. Yeah, he's my card. He's my card. The girls are like, oh, yes. Yeah, yeah. Jerry's got his little fucking camera down. Anything. Oh, big night for Jerry with the Vaseline and two shots tonight. I don't think. Well, I guess because the magazines are dying off. Like you see, because you always had Don Ross, there'd be party floating around. There would have been Jerry Friedrich's always floating around. Possible. These were, they have Paul McCrain's Steve. These would have been in there. It has always something going on in there with someone with a camera taking photos and the funny thing is Paul a train was probably the only one to work down in the whole group of them are. Or a hell. You know, if you're a girl, hell is it is it is a dealer and body building collectibles now. Did you know that? Is it not? No, what's he got just stuff that people have given him. I think he buys collections. He wanted a buy all of Bob. He heard Bob Grushkin had a huge filing cabinet full of the pictures and stuff and that he was dying to buy the collection. I don't know who got it, but he was asking him. So who we can contact? Where's he living of? Is he still in in California? He's got a huge body building collectibles things. I don't know what he's doing with it all. That's just all, all those collectibles are like, you know, when you did a photo shoot with him and you left the tank top behind. He has day, day, polambos tank top from the Muscleman shoot. There's like trees. I don't want to run. From the arena del Rey club. He's over there where we did it. I did some good pictures of you. I don't know how you had the patience. Right. It was the first one. I had another falling out. But when I first came to America, that's just before I got my contract. You know when you signed with where you did it, you got to wait a few weeks before you get the money. Right. The first week I was there was like in the unit hard. You see this picture actually on Goldstein ball in the unit hard. Yeah. Of the auto photos. Every day we get everybody part. Oh, he must be talking to you to death. Oh. For like seven days he tortured me all day long. And I think once he brought me lunch, I'm sitting up there on the bike. His like, how's that contract with weater came. He's like he hasn't paid me yet. He's like, oh, he hasn't. Oh, he goes. But I couldn't use you guys. You know, all those pictures I took of you and that are sent on the Robert Kennedy and he brought every one of them. Oh, well, fuck someone's money. Yeah, yeah. So many of my money on me. Exactly. I'm happy for you. You know, in the beginning publicity is good, but shit, you know, like, you could have brought me more than one fucking lunch. Yeah. You know, he never bought me lunch at all. I think he had, matter of fact, I think he made me pay. I think I paid for lunch for both of us after shooting the whole day. The pretty crafty summer days people. They don't know. They do that. So, oh, I've left my wallet back in my camera bag at the gym. You know what it was? And I think that you owe it a bunch because for you to do that photo shoot, he probably got you like maybe a T-shirt, two golds gym day. Yeah, 10% of fucking and a water bottle. That was your payment. Yeah, and get your ad through it. Because the ad didn't get it. He was like, take whatever you want, basically. No, yeah, and it would give it a golds gym bags and go, go in there and fill up with whatever you want. Just let me know what you got. Yeah, that's it. Because he was smart. That's free branding. He was getting off of these guys. Oh, I remember, I remember the rest of us were pulling up in the limousines and coming to training when they're restless. They would be taking bags and bags. Oh, yeah. Golds. Because they're where they get on TV. And I have the golds. Yeah, and think about that was that was huge branding for those guys. Yeah, I'm not because sometimes I think of Hulk Hogan or even some of those names. Back then, as soon as I walk out in the ring, they were in a golds gym tank. Tank top or a golds gym T-shirt. And it was brilliant. Brilliant. Brilliant. Yeah. Meanwhile, the rock walked into the strong and shapely gym and Bob Bonham said, you owe me 12 bucks or something like that from a t-shirt. He had given him like last time he was in the gym, huh? Oh, he was doing this. He really, the rocks like what? Because yeah, I gave you, I liked your t-shirt last time. Well, you know, you think Bob would be like, well, you know, that's good publicity for the gym for the rock to wear my shirt. Well, maybe Bob was upset because they're rocking in the ward anyway. I'm so excited. He says, well, you know, but they could take a picture with the rock at the gym. So the rock would be carried. You could have put it up on the wall. So I don't, you know. But like you said, that is character's like, so when I was in golds, when I was over there last time, I think you still got some of the trainers ever, the good characters like that just don't exist anymore. Yeah. That will walk around and they were like a stable there and there's somebody else. I was trying to think of similar to Don Ross, but he had that silly crazy passion that would, if you got stuck to a cat member's name, never. If you got stuck, talking to him, you'd just go on and on about the old days. Did you ever meet that guy? And he's a funny one. He was a German guy, trained at world a lot. He usually came over to golds. You probably would have seen him, but he's claimed the fame was who killed people. Back in the early days, you know, that girl in the photo we've Arnold and that was my wife and that Arnold slept with my wife. That was his challenge when he was frowned out. Yeah, don't be a black guy. He's telling you, he'll tell you, yeah, Arnold's slipped with my wife. Who was that old guy? He looked like Santa Claus almost. He knew everyone's birthday. We chose that one. He was like a former judge, NPC judge. He knew everyone. He was always at all the shows. I really sort of heavy, heavy set. Yeah. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. He was the first person to tell me the gym man and I had the same birthday. This was early in my career when I was competing. He probably meant me because it's such an such a thing. He knew everyone's birthday in the industry. He is sort of really sort of big and round, like solid, big sort of big. His white hair was white beard. Yeah, remember his name? Joe Valdez. Joe Valdez. Oh, fuck, that's gone back. I brought that one up. Yeah. You always said the walk. You know who used to look like. He looked exactly like welcome to Jurassic Park. Yes, yes. Yes. Yeah, that's what I was thinking of. I couldn't think of that. You're right. Yeah, the walk. Yeah, the walking. Yes. You're right. Yeah, it put his hand on the walking stick. Yeah, I guess I said no. Yeah. He's exactly like the guy at Jurassic Park. Oh my god. You're right. Rory. Rory little mile. 7th for January and 19th. Yeah. He did. Every time I saw it. He said, I saw it. I started with the junior USA. He's like, when did your birthday? I said February 17th. He's like, oh, Jim Manion. And you share the same birthday. Oh, yeah. Let's just hand on the walking stick like you think that. And then sometimes go, oh, yes. We shall. Your birthday is the same as Jim Manion's. That will be the same day where we'll be releasing the Velociraptors. And he did. Oh, it's, if he can find the people. Oh, picture of the 12 out there is a body building. If you could find that picture. He looks exactly identical to the rest of the story. I couldn't, you know, when I was visual, visualizing the guy, I actually visualized the guy from Jurassic Park now that I think about it. And I mean, he had the walk and stick to the other side. It wasn't David. What was he saying? There was a Richard Adam. It was Richard Adambriff from Jurassic Park. Yes. David David does the shows on the documentary. Yeah, Richard Adambriff. He haven't told my story. That's all I thought about Jurassic Park. He can even wear that sometimes. Is that, is that the guy, is all those voiceovers on the animal shows? Atmbert on which one? Is that David Adambriff? David, he's probably does all this brother. Oh, it's brother, okay. They got, they got his voice. Yeah. Yeah. David Adambriff's like, shit, I think it's in his 90s now. He still, there was yet more service to that. I think that was, I think that was free brother, David, Richard. I think there was another one. Yeah, but every time I saw him, I'd always pitch, because he was, I think he was pretty close, we've roaring. You're coming a lot, we've roaring, little by a bit. Oh, yeah. Yeah. And then it always just walk around with his cane. I had to look on top of the cane to see if there was a fucking mosquito in the in-bush. I thought he was. But no, I'm back to the DNA. He's looking for a new duck. We should have polombocone. I get sure to do that. We're going to make him once. Yeah. That was a name. I didn't even know how he remembered that name. I forgot all about him, but yeah. He was a classic. Yeah. That's people. People don't have a clue that we're talking about. Oh, no. The people who have encountered him know exactly what we're talking about. They're laughing their asses up because it's so, Oh, I don't know. All right. You'd swear to our separate libertes. Those two from the scene. Yeah. You're already sorry. Even if you say, I'll put this same. I'll pull this to pick you up for next week. Just to show it. And can you just get where that hat? You'd wear the same hat. Maybe it wants him. We just did that. He's your right. Maybe it wants him. That's true. Good of it. He just went. But I think he used to, he's to help out a lot of bodybuilders. Because I've never heard what you're trying to then he'd be telling them how to pose and I was sort of stuck. Because I don't know. I don't know what the connection was before. But he was always there with Ferrari, helping Ferrari. I remember that. And it always talking about Ferrari a lot. So I'm not sure whether he was a Ferrari. Yeah. He wasn't a lead. Yeah. He was a Ferrari. And we got on good, but I don't think I was here as there. So wherever he helped Ferrari find an inch, I don't know. It's just been always there. But he'd come walking in the gym just like he'd just just walking. Look around, have a chat, then you know, just walk on out. Yeah. Yeah. I never saw him ever. What a chatter. I don't know that. But he might have been that guy on the end of the phone. That's it. Yeah. He goes. Yeah. And I know it's the boss's calling. I got to grab this up. Please, thank you. Basil and I, Basil and I are going to go bake a cake. Basil. Basil. Basil brush. You never seen Basil brush? No. Looking him up on YouTube. Basil brush. He was a kids cartoon, but he was like an early version of Alpha. Where he would say a lot of rude stuff that would go. I have to be kids head. Oh, oh. All right. That's it. Guys. We're out of time. Until next week, I'm day polumber with Basil and Lee Priest. We'll see you next week. You like my tail? You like my tail? Does.