Welcome back to Muscle in the Morning on Day of Volumbo and today is Tuesday June 26th, 2018. And let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Man for man, the classic physique division might be the tightest top six race that we see the entire Olympia weekend, especially if Danny Eugen drops in to crash the party. The second year pro is coming into this year's contest, writing a hot streak, after putting together three insane performances at the start of the year, which includes a highlight reel win that he had back at the fit pro world. Over the last month or so we've seen Eugen start to turn it on and take on more of that championship form that he had a few months ago and given how close some of these guys are at the top of the lineup, if one or two people come in, a little off their mark, it leaves room for a guy like you and into slide in there and capitalize on the opportunity. The older I get, the more I start to realize that some of us are pack animals, while some of us are more like the lone wolf. And I think classic physique stand out Ryland McDool might fall into the latter category. Over the weekend the McDool camp busted out of their long silence with the new shoulder training clip that features the 2017 top 8 Olympia finisher, earning some good ult, sweat equity. It's been a relatively quiet year on the whole front so far for the second year pro, who really just exploded onto the scene last year when he won the Vancouver pro. But now that we're finally starting to see signs of life, I'd be on the lookout for a Ryland McDool siding coming sometime soon as he tunes up for the Olympia. The young guys in the office tell me that at crew technology, his popular unsoulful media these days. And if there's one guy who can tell you firsthand what crew technology looks like right now, it's emerging to 12 powerhouse on my DELSA Donnie. The oxygen gym product was seen smashing another leg workout out of his home base last week. Where he's apparently been putting together the first phase of this year's offseason program. Elsa Donnie made some noise back at last month to New York pro when he came out and held his own against a pretty solid group of athletes in the 2012 lineup. So if they can keep that crew technology working on overdrive and come back with a few new weapons in his arsenal, he's someone to watch out for in the early part of the next year. The boxing world was buzzing last week after news broke that the Andre Wilder and Anthony Joshua had finally agreed to a fight that will unify the heavyweight division for the first time in three decades. But if you want to see a real brawl, my suggestion would be to tune into the men's physical Olympia this year. Because there are a lot of people out there who think that Andre Ferguson might be bringing the thunder. Less than 12 weeks out now from his return trip to the Olympia stage, the hottest athlete in the men's physical division looks like he's ready to take things up another level as phase two of its preparation prepares to take off. I don't think there should be any question as to whether or not Ferguson is ready for the challenge because what he's done over the last 18 months in the division has been flat out incredible, but unless he can top all that off with a title that secures his place in the record books, they'll still have to answer questions about whether or not he's got enough of the tank to be considered one of the all-time grades. One of the things that always seems to motivate the great ones is the fear of being outworked. And this year I haven't seen too many athletes working as hard as Raphael Brandeo. A few weeks after ripping off another strong top six performance at the Dallas Europa from dropping off another race. Franca is still out there putting in the long hours that the office bright nearly yesterday morning with a little bit of chest and shoulder action. Over these last six weeks it feels like Brandeo has made it his personal mission to hit every show on the calendar and to his credit he's been pretty every show on the calendar and he's been on stage. But if you can find a way to push his body just a little bit more and really choose his next move carefully he has a shot to finally punch his ticket to the Olympia stage that he's been chasing all season long. And that does it if you had another edition of Muscle in the morning on day polimbo reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.