10th and 9th You're my and our Who? They're ready for two guys who can't handle the truth The truth you can't handle the truth But we can't be Lombon Chris Asito Our Exfossil.com presents every muscle What are you? What's up? Welcome to another episode of Heavy Muscle Radio on Dave Palombo and I'm joined as always By the technician Restucito on this What is it? A tober tenth No, October 1 5th 2020 Wow It's the fifth and it's almost midnight And tonight I'm awake Usually I'm like Yeah, I know it's too Very awake when I started talking to you I don't know why Maybe because How can you look so good on camera Like you have to I know you have to probably the oldest web Cam of all time. How come you're You want me that webcam? Oh, okay, that's great It's probably 10 years old Yeah, yeah Looks good It's looking Still holding it You're the microphone You're about me Yeah I want to make sure we have to high quality Production quality Now Obviously we have some shows coming up Soon this weekend We hear a lot of hype Now around the big rammy train You know, I didn't realize But I forgot Rammy is qualified for the Olympia So he didn't really need to do this show But I have a feeling that You know, because of his less than spectacular performance Earlier in the year at the Arnold How's he qualified? I don't know, he's he's there I got it Well, he's not qualified for the Olympia He is. I'm going to show you. I'm going to prove it to you Then they changed the qualifications I don't know how they did it But the top three, previously at the Arnold It was at least last year was not A qualification for the Olympia This is the this is the Olympia qualifications These are the things Let's look at this hold on It's I'm looking at the wrong glass So it's Branding curry William Bonac Heidi Schuppen, Dexter Jackson Rue Winkler, Phil Heath Sadrick Nathan Deascher, Juan Morrell Okay, they're right. He's not there James Lewis, Flex Lewis, Huntal Abrada Ian Valier, Lee Sung-Tool Antoine Valyant Yeah, so he's not Arnold, I saw him in the point He was that's why I saw it. He's third in points There he's third in points So I guess he figures he's got at least get some more points To make sure you know, because people Them start scoring points at these upcoming shows So Max Charles is the number one point Getter, Lucas Ossoville second Rami is tied for third with on win Rue Winkler and Steve Kuklo, Justin Rodriguez And that next couple slots So I'm sure we're going to see a lot of these guys Competing probably so Sergio is only seven Is Sergio competing? No he's not doing anything So he's not going to even try to get qualified for the Olympia? Yeah Why not? Because he had his qualification in By doing the Arnold Australia one week later And that was could put he would've qualified there on your own And then you know when you have your mind Your strategy set sometimes When you push off your you know your plan You don't want to take your second plan Had he been having has even having trouble staying focused I mean, or he's been training No he's he looks good he's big I mean, so he's just basically taking the euro Yeah, taking the euro Take it well taking take in probably until the Arnold if they have the Arnold they're going to have the Arnold The Arnold people didn't think so Well at least Tony Dardy didn't think so No I'm not coming yet. Just coming yet March Which is right Well Tony said in in Australia they probably wouldn't have it I'm sure the USA people will have it Yeah How do we know I don't know why I guess it's really hard to predict Chris because we don't really understand Because these quarantines are not going away I mean people still get in COVID And it seems like the getting COVID is not really the Scary part. It's like the after of math like you get over it And then all of a sudden you just get in blood clots And we are you know crazy shit happening I did see it's really study though It was done on an anesthetol system which is a precursor to glutathione And they found that it was like really good at like getting people over the Symptoms of disease Lessening the effects of like the if you have any kind of like us her What's it called? Fibrosis in the lungs It reduced that Now I take injectable glutathione every day because I get it from Titan Medical Center.com And you know I'm a big boy You know it's funny because Robbie Robinson told me that he takes School of the ion injectable. I don't even know he's been doing it since the 70s Like you know he gets you know California can get all that Cookies stuff out there Even before it was that anyone else knew about it And I feel good. I don't really get sick since I've been taking it I think I think it helps my immune system quite a bit But they just released a really a full blown study on it I'm going to do a little set our muscle supplement in science On it later this week to give people the full the full The full brunt of what it is about but it definitely is helpful. Now obviously since Trump got the COVID Think out of my memory from what I understand my inside source This Chris tells me that he's on every like modality You can't evolve. I know that's an inside source But yeah, you can't evolve to it is right everyone can figure it out I know they can Yeah, but it was the show you can figure out who is inside source Yeah, he's on the whole like as it's a Ramias in you know hydroxy chloroquine zinc Oh, they got a mic. That's how I was going to make fun of him actually And say just get on the hydroxy Yeah, he's on that they also got him on a monoclonal antibody So what they're doing is they get people's blood who's had the The disease and who have antibodies against it and they're using the antibodies That from their blood and they're using that against it and people who have active cases of it I don't know how it happened Well, it's see this the science seems pretty solid on it, you know, but in theory But usually sometimes in theory doesn't really work in reality unfortunately So if it worked 100% of the time we would have a cure for it Obviously, it's not in some people it does help supposedly and another people it does it And which tells me that it's Maybe it's not doing anything. I don't know Yeah, you know, that's a perfect summation day What you just said those three sentences because when I had melanoma I went to a very well known melanoma doctor and he used the melanoma cells from people Oh, okay, and I asked him should I do it? Does it work and he gave me the same explanation of view? He said some people have cancer. They just get better some people get you know We give them tons of drugs and they get better some people give tons of drugs and they die some people You know what I mean? Yeah, at the end of the day, we don't even we still don't know we quickly speculate Right Trump is so stubborn and such a bullish believer in his own rhetoric that he he'll probably get over I think he'll be there Yeah, well, you know a part of the bomb. Yeah, he'd probably never got it He'd be dead. Oh, seconds because he's so frail. I mean this fat is Trump is right. He's still energetic and yeah Yeah, and And robust yeah, he'd be like fuck he's probably like fuck this COVID. I'll fucking beat it Yeah, yeah, it's like remember and I think there was a was there was a Teddy Roosevelt Who was the president? I think it was Rosa. That was it who was a I think it was Teddy Roosevelt had like a he got shot someone Try to kill him and he had his like pair glasses and his like pocket here. Yeah, it was the bullet hit the thing So he was bleeding a little bit, but he wasn't it didn't ever punch. It really never went deep I think it's a continued the speech of the blood running that of like the show. There's a real red blood in America I didn't know that story. Yeah, but I but We'll see as Trump will say we'll see what happens. I mean, what do you think is going to happen? I think he's going to be over. Yeah, quickly Um, I don't know. That's a you know the question is will he become incapacitated when they would actually have to like have the vice president step in and take over for a few weeks I don't know that that would not be good not right before an election. I don't think Yeah, well, I mean, he's he's you know, he's sideline from running his election for the next 10 days Probably it's good way to get out of the next the beta. Yes, right? Yeah Yeah You see you went for a little torch tonight Of Um, no, he went as SUV and hands. Oh, yeah, I think I think he's doing that you know you Remember this I can only get quite it to you remember the soprano to do watch it What? No, no, no, it was a Tony soprano I had not not all of you. He had had a hard attack or something. I don't even know what happened I forgot you got something happened to him and he was not and so you wanted it when he was coming back He wanted to let everyone know that he stole was in charge So he had to be the correct get to beat the crap out of someone like you know and just to let the guys know that hey I'm not fucking weak. I'm not like there's no there's no there's no vulnerability here You know, exactly It's just like Trump. He had to go in his he had to go on a little tour of the letter when I I'm still here guys You know, don't pull this crap with me Yeah, it was Teddy Roosevelt time just looking it up 1912 assassination attempt When you when you get that from high school I remember from my head. Yeah, I learned a lot of high school Yeah, I know you did Roosevelt was shot at close range by John Shrank a psychotic New York Saloon keeper Shrank had his 38 galber pistol aimed at Roosevelt's head but a bystander so the gun and the selected shanks arm just as the trigger was pulled how funny is that People on try to kill the president anymore. I'm glad That was like a right thing to do that all the time make them yeah, whoa, it's a number one way to get you know Right attention Roosevelt didn't realize that he was hit until someone noticed the hole in his overcoat When Roosevelt reached inside his Cody found blood on his fingers He was extremely lucky out over. He had a manuscript out there I didn't know this is I had the wrong story, but it's similar outcome He had the manuscript of a long 50 page speech that his co-pocket folded into and the bullet no doubt was slowed as it passed through it He also had a steal oh he did have a spiel still spectacle case that is pocket and the bullet Traverse this two before entering Roosevelt's chest near the right nipple Thus one could say Roosevelt's long-winded in my open. I might be a saved The bullet trap traveled about three inches after breaking the skin it lies in the chest wall without entering the plural space How funny is that They didn't have alguva thigh on the he was a driver eight days in a chicago hospital And he was discharged on October 23rd 1912 only a few days before the election. How funny is that maybe they're coincidental with the Trump Maybe Trump will get out a couple days before too The bulletin effectively stop Roosevelt's campaign There you go. Similarities like the Kennedy Lincoln the bolt had never it was never removed because no difficulty after the room to yield So I get he lost the election He lost the Woodrow Wilson right in even not any lost that election You know it's interesting because he beat Teddy Roosevelt became president when the Kennedy was shot He was his vice president. Yeah, one month to the other It's crazy people was getting shot all the time back I Think I think no good does secret service back there It's really I think all right. Let's talk body boring big rammy He puts some pictures up on his Instagram. Let's pull these up what do you think Chris? Give me your impression first of all here's the picture Big rammy he looks scaled down So you don't think he looks as big as that what you're saying No, I think it's a mean is a video here to He looks he looks pretty big. I guess I mean his arms don't look as big as they normally do When I notice his shape looks really good, but he doesn't look that hard to me like his he doesn't have the grainy like Dorian look But I don't think rammy ever has that look does he? Well, I I don't think anyone's compared him ever to Dorian in terms of grading is what you compare him only to himself and he's been far around the than this running into shows unless this is like just to You know this could just be a game and it could be like five weeks out here or something leaks out. Yeah, we don't know we never Rammy is not only is like an enigma. He's the only guy that we don't really get accurate information on you know that knows that And I don't know if that's him doing it or if it's actually You know his people doing release these ambiguous You know updates what's on his Instagram True, but I would have to imagine that's pretty recent What doesn't the right you wrote Spain can't wait But that doesn't mean anything like you said yeah, yeah, I guess that it's some weeks out and He probably looks far better than that and it's trying to be a bulls of people It look as possible I Hope you know that in that is it is that is yeah, this is so the show is the aliconti Spain show we're talking about Hopefully Chris is still talking just which is a week out and I hope they just that we get here quickly before Spain goes on the lockdown because I have different parts of different parts of Europe and blah blah You know come all just flew from Turkey to the US You can't fly from Turkey to the US anymore because that was a strategy to get people to Not just buy bills, but get how do you get to the US? You go to Turkey quarantine below that Well he had to go two weeks you know I just said if he had two weeks and then like the US now you can't come I guess too much COVID I'm not sure And I think they've the local froze so he's probably trying to look for different people running into the show so You got double gig up there now. I like it. There's two of you up there. Yeah, not as long. I got to get rid of the the NASA one Everyone liked my NASA impressions. I did a I did a show with Tom Prince you saw that and then Milo I didn't see that show, but I you did the NASA impressions last week Well I did that I did better ones like Tom Prince in You know we did the Tom Prince interview and it was very popular two-parter and Tom said you know Tom's wanting to participate more on our muscle size. Did you sure? You know I love your insights and love stories So I got him out with Milo. So we talked about training We had all the segment on training people haven't seen it. This is two-parter up and then we did store funny stories from like the past And I heard stories that I had never heard before there were really really funny like you know Milo has told the story and we put it up we collected separately so if you guys want to listen to it It's it Ron Ronnie him and Alcuguroli and That was the It was the guy from into the dragon is that actor. He's just training called Venice. What is his name? Bolo You know who the guy was Chris is probably trained about the primary room of Stay over in Hong Kong together eating I mean doing some appearance some like the probably a weater appearance And they were eating at this place Tom wasn't there. This is Milo's telling us to her Milo's Ronnie Alcuguroli So Alcuguroli eating and Milo said I ordered a chicken salad and I get the chicken salad And he's like doesn't look like chicken in me And I realized it was all it was all just chicken skin and the fact and you know I could I could relate to Excellent I went to Hong Kong they think it's a delicacy when they when you order like chicken and something that it's They give you the you know the stuff that we cut off and throw in the garbage That's the stuff that eat I don't know where the good stuff is going because you can't get the you can't get the actual breast meat They're I don't know where they send me that stuff to but they all eat the gristle That's they find that appetizing for some reason That's like a delicacy there so Milo's is like this is terrible and he said so Milo starts talking at no one speak everyone speaks like a different language And Milo's probably speaks the most languages of anyone there So Milo's is able to like talk to someone and I don't even know what language he was trying to talk at guy You could do the Milo's impression. I don't do the Milo's impression Yeah, yeah Milo's is trying he's like what what are we eating here So the guy tells him that Ronnie whatever Ronnie's gobble you know Ronnie when he gets into eating He's just gobbling the food down, you know like like a hundred miles now Ronnie evidently is eating rat So Milo's like Ronnie you're eating rats And of course Ronnie looks up you know makes it a funny face I think Alq goes into the bathroom to throw up and Ronnie just keeps eating You know so I'm sure Ronnie was probably like man this rat is great. I don't have rat like this Ronnie probably put 10 miles a muscle on from from being that rat And okay, I like I said more more can't see now Yeah, I can't see rest of it so so Ronnie did the Eighth of rat Milo's didn't even I don't think Milo said anything of that Milo Probably had the Desert of some like that and Alq threw up so I am this is different countries different delicacies There was another great story that I told this I think I told you story on the phone But I don't think I told this on the radio show but NASA Tom Prince were in and in Milo's too. I think they were giving out gifts like the kids under privileged kids for weater in California someplace So the Congresswoman of the area she has showed up And she's like wanted to go up and you know say thank you to these guys, you know Thank you very generous you guys to give out toys and Christmas whatever the Unbrivileged kids and you know NASA took that as a as a lead in like to you know because NASA would hit on like any girl went around like that they've didn't matter So NASA was hitting on this they like we couldn't believe it NASA was hitting on this Congresswoman he's like trying to give in like number and you know like Talking stuff I said of course he wise they're like what do you get it? I said NASA probably was playing the old intellectual card on that oh yes Congresswoman I I'm so it's what a breath of fresh air to have a conversation an intellectual conversation with you with I'm I don't want these guys to hear me but I'm with these more ones you know they don't even graduate high school these guys you know They probably if they don't do bodybuilding they work in a garbage dump But I you know I speak eight languages and I mean to intellectual I go to college and I have these very nice classes on to you know why don't we get they wanted to give you my phone number I give you your phone I will take you out you know for for dinner oh yeah we will go for a good food and then we will go back to my place And I will have sex with you right Was with me losin and Tom Prince Tom's like you can you would not believe NASA did not was relentless on I said I believe it I say seen them in action And then meales tell the story about that That NASA and had invited him to go out to dinner with his mother Now yes, NASA's mother but either they were in Europe or NASA's mother came to visit him in the United States I'm not sure I don't remember what it was and NASA's mother is is Serbian like like meales is NASA's father was the Egyptian So I went out to dinner. He's like a meales he's like I'm a ask my mother you know he's to get that smart guy That's face like you're the guy going in one dark that ask my mother His one woman enough for for a man Husker and you know meales is like you know And as I did if you had the uncomfortable you're asking you I thought I was going to ask you mother Meales ask her You know he's like Aggie you're my semelis doesn't know what the fuck's going on so he's like Miss an insurbing you know I said it's probably a lot's funny insurbing to insurbing like Miss his NASA whatever you know else about but What do you think about women yeah, I mean it is one woman enough for the first for a man Not for my NASA no no no One woman could never have satisfied him Exhibited right meales now I understand NASA's whole problem right right up the bat You got NASA's whole shit because he was raised by His mother thinks that he needs more than one woman satisfied him because he's such a great me so great right He's a yeah He's an intellectual and a lover I see meales. I How would you not like laughing your ass off because I goes I was I didn't know what to do I didn't know what to say I didn't even want to ask of the question he said Oh, NASA's I miss him That was that was good some and there was a lot of other good stories too I don't want to give more way watch the episode tremendous really tremendous Also news from my our good friend Roman Fritz You know I know Romans since he's I think 18 or 19 which makes me feel really old He's used you know 30 He's got to be old in that I would think right it's gonna be this thing mid 30s That's Roman Isn'togram there and Roman that told me that he's you need to double hip place when I think He's got no cartilage left at his hips Like a hose I'm just promptly from training and probably it's got to be a component of Bogenetics and there too like you know and I mean like like if you're prone to that because you know We know people that have no problems with you know hips and they've trained hardcore their whole life Yeah, they've squatted forever Yeah, yeah Yeah, let me a video come squatted at 60 or something like that. Do you see that? No, I did he's gone he's doing some workout like work on his own crazy it on this I think at 60 Wow, this links is still big and peel Yeah, I imagine they probably are so good luck I don't know when Romans getting a surgery that I told him get it he can't even get out of bed. He told me he's just not much pain You know We're none of us none of us are immune we're all I mean when I saw Ronnie Coleman you told us surgery I thought I felt Ronnie would escape with nothing I think he'd be training to tell the way he's training out of police 90 Yeah, I really believed it. Yeah, what you were wrong about that. No, I was absolutely wrong about that I'm sorry I was a bread. I mean because everyone thought he was I mean his title to his video is VCR whatever it was Invincible yeah, and we thought he was Right yeah I got told I said he was unbreakable. That's what I said. Yeah, I hope I got to pull this Tom Plads video up here. This is crazy Look at this one to Chris He looks like it those legs still This is so amazing We talking about guys that when they're in their you know 50s and sick. This is a 65 They can't have big legs bulls it When I when I imagine in 87 he had that crazy black convertible that Mm-hmm. It was the only thing he liked better than body building I think was that bad It was it was gorgeous Do you see what is he has this thing uh It's 65 my response to Charles food the Charles's wife food suggestions plus the best tasting protein shake once a day My 28-ounce shaker only recipe coconut ice cream one level scoop two to three raw egg holl eggs And try added one tablespoon of raw honey today now. I'm not sure if it's manuka honey from George Farah Honeybee colony, but it it does say one tablespoon of honey in there. That's as I just shake it every day You know what's crazy How He 65 65, yeah, so when I met him in 87 We're gonna have to keep this that's crazy for 65. That's crazy Right I don't know if this might not be from 60 this might be Hold on Marks on is that leg extension yeah It's the same green yeah probably called he loved the call that that that that I think he's got it follows McLash far left 1982 85 86 I That's this this these these build awards So when I I was just saying when I met in my 87 he's probably like 20 he was probably like only 32 which means he'd been at the Olympia's already for 83 I think like 20 like as well He was in this hayday and his late 20. Yeah He made a lot of money That's during that period. Yeah, I think he was very popular to talk to him He used to use a tram and let me wear he's still popular. I bet he still gets a lot of books you know stuff in seven hours of all those now with COVID I don't think anyone's doing anything but So the question is getting back to the original question yeah Rami What's your predict your you're pretty good with predictions what your prediction is ramming at him Go in and and decimate Spain or is he gonna go in and lose to someone I think it looks like that a week out he might be a big trouble really I don't really know who's in the lineup. I don't know the whole of Breeding grimzes in the lineup. I know In the lineup because if you're judging the show your expectation is like Gigantic right you do okay. Let's just do this. Do you think he's 300 there? Now 255 right So I mean last show he was three 15 or three 10 or three or whatever so You know That doesn't look like 300 pounds so in other words what I'm saying is judges judge you based on what you have looked like So there may be a let down factor there But is there anyone in this lineup who's who's got enough to knock it man? That's the question I guess what I have to see you know, you know, I'm I'm surprised we're not seeing and I and maybe we will I don't know Because I this God forbid they release a List of holistic competitors like like a couple like a week out, you know, but Why wouldn't hot he's shooting do this show he's qualified No, but why I'm saying he might not be he's probably can't go he might not be able to get to the Olympia He should definitely do his show or though, you know I mean why would you do a show when you you if your goal is you know I'm sure he's He has to be getting ready for it. Oh, yeah, but he gets here or not He's getting ready for it. Yeah, so why why waste the You know the energy you know because this is like what can we tell from the Olympia? I mean it's it's hard to like okay Yeah, I just peeked with Spain. I'm gonna redo it again in weeks Right, what do you do you like like you wake up or yeah, you know you're playing with your microphone No, it's my chance Well, I I would I you know if ramming loses that's gotta be I mean if you lose this someone especially who's like a guy like a second to your guy, you know right now That would be like a huge blow to my would think yeah Rock for Brandeo that picture you sent me you look great Yeah, looks better than ever I want to pick him up with that picture Some of you too. I sent you a last bread in the front double No, I didn't you know I didn't even to be honest with you. I didn't even recognize him. He looks so you're I said to someone else to and they said who's that? I just you know, but we haven't seen him also what was the last time we lose on stage? Arnold when he was six the thing or You know maybe he did a couple shows after that oh Arnold Brazil when he was second to one Yeah, maybe yeah, yeah, that's a while ago, right? Yeah, but that's not the same body that was competing a year or year and a half ago He looks what is he right here, Chris? 258 Wow, that's a lot that's a lot of weight he put on huh? He's he's tall I mean though because he was what he was in the Arnold he was 250 so You know I mean when he looked really good at the Arnold that year Yeah, I think he was 250 but eight pounds on you know that structure right I'm impressed I know you'd be impressed look at the vlogs on what's his Instagram I don't even know Rafae I don't know because I taxed his I taxed him million I tagged a fan I just tried to tag someone he's got like 400 people that adds the accounts on me I know I know and someone I saw a tag someone and they go you're not even tagging tagging them I don't even want to tag anymore because I'm not anything I'm tagging the right person I'll find Because he t tagged me on something That was me We've got for big my phone goes too close to the microphone you know I don't even know what is his state believe it about he said I don't keep all What is this one we got? That's tonight again so Can you get it up there people like you get it up there yeah, all right people up with the high tech I should have put it up before What is the what is the grant what is this spoof just show call the grant pretty spanned Spain Pro show I call it The Europa you're you're right then to make a complicated the Europa championships Is it the Europa the Europa you know, I don't think it's our Europa. Oh, it's Europe Europa Yeah, it's not the free zoes Europa No Got a kind leg in right double up got a little good by the time to get get that up there There'll be some really good European guys some sure it's not gonna be a cake walk for ram because the damn sure Let's pull this up looking like that If he does look like that I mean Raphael is not as big as obviously ram me But he definitely brings ridiculous conditioning and the test is count for something you know Yeah, well, who's it who is this big is really been signed rolly Yeah, we I'm surprised we will we see like a really winked on there No, we're least probably I don't know but I don't know why these guys wouldn't want to warm up it means been a long year Because it's been a long year. I mean how many people every a lot of people have their Prep interrupted in some way shape of one yeah, there are areas maybe not people getting ready Because it will be a little bit qualified to lump here at nine by good shot Yeah, I'd like to see bigger legs on them. I'm kidding I'm always jealous of the guys that have the huge like tear drops. Yeah, well, yeah I see that in a lot in the the middle eastern guys we talked about that. I'm gonna say that. Yeah, well we talked about it. Yeah, but He's got good well, I guess you know The Brazilians have good likes to you got the front double on that now come on. Would you stop? I only uploaded one amount of plumbing on them I like this shot. I thought let's not totally priests go fund me campaign. What do you think about that? You're very you were very negative when I talked about it because lead priest would be very negative for any other body See think he's you think he's full of crap He's driving around and we're sick people don't like it. I was driving around people don't like All right, see if we're talking about the lead priest the neck and operation in stem cell treatment Go fund me trying to raise a hundred thousand he's got four two hundred already So people some people are outraged by it some people are you know fans supporters. I see this a lot of people don't any Actually they're not supporters if they're only bees on the race or grand Yeah people cheap to then and plus this these are tough times right now least least least I guess rhetoric on this is his take on this is look Every all these fans want me to compete, okay? It's gonna be a lot of money I'm gonna have to pay out of my pocket if I want to compete because I got to get the surgery I got to leave the country to do that. I got to get stem cell treatment as part of the process and then I got it You know then I got to prep you know buy all my stuff. I need to get ready for the show So and travel so he's like you know I figured you know what if they really want me to do it I'll do it if the fans get behind me and I raise the money and if they don't raise if they don't get the money I don't meet my goal. I think he said he needed really needs about 50 if he gets 50 he'll be happy He said I found I'll just refund everything I said they're right well then that that's reasonable. They're gonna refund it if you don't compete I guess that's that's a that's a you know I guess if it's if the fans want to pay it why not When these when these billionaires Chris go and buy buildings you did they use their own money? Of course not no of course not they use other people's money they use their own no variety to raise the money And to get people behind the project So at least kind of do the same thing. I can still Is there an expectation but yeah, but then people these the fans want to see the on stage It's not least I go and out and take in the money and buying House They have not they don't want to see my stage because he's only raised for you right if he doesn't raise the money now I guess you're right they don't want to see him on saves out badly So what point does he decide to start refunding the full grant? I don't know it's good question Oh It's an all in all and I'm as he can have yeah He said he wouldn't take the money if if he doesn't compete so Well if he doesn't reach a certain amount Why yeah, I said I said how much do you really how much do you really need? I said you know He's probably about 50 like I could do it with 50 I said that right well So if the reaches 50 grand is the only gonna train half as hard for the show or now if he gets 50 grand that'll be enough to get him I guess through and he's you know and he'll do the show He'll get the surgery well first of you get to get the surgery Which they got to do some kind of release and of the nerve and they say they want to give them stem cells to help the nerve regenerate But there's still no guarantee that he'll be up the brain you know get that that feeling back and and the I get to He has some nerve and pinch impingements Where it's preventing the muscle from firing properly so he's got some asymmetry to his body But we can always get what's his name the Jimmy him up you know catch you know If necessary right before you get some stage he wants to compete again He does I think Lee legitimately does want to get back on stage you know and and one more time And He's frustrated because you know he It wasn't like he heard himself in the gym. It was a car accident, you know And it cut us you know cut us for sure short you know and I think he realizes that you know something He'd take things for granted you know he was you know He was He was on top of his game and that's when he got kicked out of the IPB so to make a weird comments and then Anyone of doing that that nava universe that he won Which he might have looked the best he ever looked that show So Many didn't compete for a couple years so You know you kind of squandered away the the best years of his career He when he was at his peak of his powers So I think you know no one happens you kind of regret that a little never admit that but You know maybe well now that when I get on the TV show He'll tell me if it's true or not and You know I think he wants to try one more time, you know see what he's got I don't think he's I don't think he's deluding himself with a thinking that he'll be as good as he was at his best But he wants at least try to come back and see what he couldn't What he can deliver I guess at 50 years old For close to it. I don't think he's 50 Well, you know Two or models of their more 50 yeah, I got the interviewing this week Justin Miller you know my friend Justin He's training this guy It's his name Who's looks I showed you his picture you were pretty impressive But put Austin car Yeah, Austin car K.A.R.R He's five foot eight to 17 Right now. Oh, that's he's got to make two twelve he'll be at that show In Chicago which is really in Atlanta. I think that's the show he's doing So the show is on 17 days out must be yeah, so he's doing this. You got he looks really good. You know he looks really really good so We'll see how he does he might surprise a lot of people. He might be a dark horse guy in that two twelve division I think he'll do well if he won't be he's talking about Tom Platt's legs, right? Oh, yeah Crazy is what Crazy is we can go to shoulder wet, you know on the horizontal Yeah So I mean his condition in the he's in very good condition as well So it's just they're gonna be like side by side and of Justin like to do the interviews like right next to that Why I told Justin come on because Justin I like to hear Justin's hold the whole thing Oh, they want to be side that's right. They social distancing Who knows you know Justin does these stuff for real he's got he's got the George Peterson there There's an house, you know, let me pull up Austin car here. There we go Even more impressive the second time I see him. Oh, he's got this in really many weaknesses yeah Doesn't look at he's looking to tell him about Tom Platt's legs yeah, quite a superb Go back to that one table yeah Oh, go to the go to the one right there where you can see the back Open that up bigger Get a little bigger I mean he's got glutes got hands got thick back. Yeah, we got it's Very impressive so What am I on the cover game next issue how's that I'll put him I I'll give him a contract tell him we'll make him a star You're always making everyone a star Yeah, he won't let you forget about it either right now Nathan is star. Now that was his stick that was his that the heavy got people on stage. That was it How we got people on the To do his magazine We'll make his star Isn't it true though Chris everybody molded when they compete they they want to hear though at least back when we were competing You wanted to hear amazing publisher you wanted to hear of Tager for you wanting to hear someone like you man and tell you You're a star right I mean that you you've got potential you're gonna go all the way. I mean that That validation and it had it couldn't come from your girlfriend it couldn't come from your your best friend Had it come from like someone in the industry, you know, you could be like a like a blackman or a petamagov for Right, oh, J.M. Right. Yeah, yeah, Joe so J.M. could say like you know you got a good shot at Nationalists and winning it somebody will be like what I'm proud of not and then it was here His validation now the validation is Instagram likes right right well you notice you also you would hear like like Tom Prince Like told me when I was interviewing like Jim and he came up to me after I forget what show was and Did you got a can you got to do national's and you know when Jim and he's Jim Jim will never say like you're amazing If he says you should do national's that means that you look really good I said Jim never said that to me. I said tough He never told me how you doing David he you know he gave me compliment once which was the you know Which was amazing you know I thought after I did 94 National's Jay Cutler one I was fourth He's like, well, you know you go I don't even remember he said that he said something like you know Bring down something or work on this he says you know you couldn't want this class you know that was that was a No, that was a tremendous compliment to me so You know, but you know some of the some guys get really good compliments from Jim you get a compliment from Jim You know you you're on your way When I remember when I was helping L Evan said to Piny I think it was a 07 or something like that He played second at the Nationals behind Desmond Miller remember Desmond Yeah, that Oscar was helping him and it was really close But Evan was like you know still wet behind the years Well he was shredded he just needed to work on a couple things and he won look he did win the Eleanor after and and man told I come back you know do it just Next time's your your your turn, you know the everything and I said Evan I never heard those words out of his mouth I said so take it the heart Listen to what he told and I was fighting because I was I was ever was used to hit the side try Sip in a weird way with even like hold his hand rather than like this he would hold it like this I don't know why I thought his arm looked bigger and I was yelling at him before like and you know Evan is like very you know stubborn and he's like now I think it looks better I smell it I said I'm telling you doesn't look it so and Jim goes up and he gives me the compliment because I You know very close show you could have cooked on you the way you know come back, you know next time You know look at like this known as gonna beat you and then he's like by the way he goes Who taught you how to hit that side try set he's looking at me? It wasn't me I said I told not to do it that much He's like yeah, you got to tell you hand around yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it doesn't look right you know So Jim you know Jim the great thing about Jim man and he is you know you could love more hate him But the bottom line is he's a bodybuilder first and foremost so You could never say his opinion is not valid because he actually got up there and he competed He one shows you know back in his day. Yeah, he wasn't mr. Olympia But it didn't matter he he competed so he's got the in the trenches experience as well as being a guy who's been doing it for you know Whatever 40 years out of a long history business But he competed I mean that that it it's almost like you should you should you should be required to compete don't you think like if you want to like be a judge or if you're something like that I always believe that yeah, I mean I think it's a I think it helps for sure But the flip side is let's say you know Let's say he didn't if you've been looking at bodybuilden shows for 40 years You know it's like how long's white market been a judge between the yeah, but that but that competed he was Emersed it like to My point is if you're immersed in it for 40 years You yeah, I guess Pick one through ten and are extremely high level Oh absolutely yeah, but you can't but I'm saying sometimes it's hard to give advice to people if you're not actually doing it yourself like How to improve and what you need what you need work on what's because a lot of I've heard a lot of guy Judges tell all the time. I you're too flat you gotta come and full it no, they're not flat They just need more muscle, you know You know what I'm saying I've heard judge talk I've had people up health who I think look good Very good Chamendus and don't have enough muscle and a judge Give them an exact carpop protocol the last time And I say listen you need another At least year Goods all the training yeah We I told that to a came in in one and for many many years and around and they didn't like it believe me But they knew I was right you know and they made the improvements They arrived finally but I've seen judge just you know I had a judge telling you once Chris that I wasn't hard enough I said I said it hard enough I said it was the hardest guy in the in the whole show I said I don't think I'm I don't think I'm I don't think I'm over stepping my balance saying that he's like well you you are but I don't know said I get I think you need to have more Separation or I don't even know what the term used was well veins I said we watch in the school we watch in the same show Yeah, that's disappointing yeah, it's good but it's good to get constructive Criticism because it hurts sometimes right when it's how yeah criticism And I've got a lot of good I've had a lot of judge to tell me good like exact on the money you know And I'm like yep you're right absolutely I definitely work on that and you're right you know so Some some some guys have it some guys don't I but I find that the judges that have competed Ten to give the best advice when you go up and talk to them afterwards I would agree with that the John Natashax Linda Woodhoates Bed Francis You know Even Jim or I call was pretty good, you know he competed too Jim Manion Steve is Steve was great because Steve was in the trenches there would be a bit of a mean in Steve train You know he didn't compete in bodybuilding but he he would did he did everything but get on stage I mean so he knew all the new ones and These guys That's the best advice you get even Sandy Williamson competed you know people don't know she has good shit good insights sometimes But she's not really you know she's not she's more of the women's judge I'm talking about I've seen her give a critique to some of the women and I'm like yeah she's she's pretty right she's in the ball Sometimes she wasn't but sometimes she is so you You know if you're gonna be a person who wants to get involved in judging and doing that get on stage at least once just go through the process You know so you can say I did it What yeah Of course you get a guy like Bob Gross can he's a completed anomaly, you know There's no there's no explaining how he has such great insights just just like how did you do with them How did the William sisters get coached by their father he didn't even know he was doing no He just worked When they were you saw that it was documentary when he was Eventually they they went out just like work with the best 10th's pearl around And Bob had to take him over again and said yeah talking about It's the Venus Williams father training them for tennis would be like Sedrick make no one training his kids for tennis right he do all kinds of cocky make his own machines He'd be doing everything Yeah, they would in rackets and then he'd have years like the old wooden racket they had in the 70s He'd like man wood is much much better And these are fiberglass dad that crap, you know You gotta use wood You better but yeah the the the the the the the this brothers Vinsma sisters excuse me Father would make them do these crazy drills like throwing the tennis racket over the top of the the tennis gate Almost like you know like in the highland games they do that they throw the pole over the And people would come by and what the fricking is he doing I think he just I think it was just like He would just he would make up stuff he said like anything crazy that would involve the tennis rack Just having a better idea of the way of a good feel so the racket for the balls Juggling the balls he did him do crazy drills like The truth but you know what the truth is Chris? It's like when you see people Who can train like oh I got Texas Jackson's shape or oh I got you know Ronnie Coleman and shape And I'm not taking anything away from the people who's done that in the past But it ain't that hard these guys did the best in the world, you know Just the idea that he He disciplined them is what he did Chris it didn't matter what he did with him. He could have had him run in fucking circles, you know Well, I mean He made them work hard so they had a work ethic that Was second to none and then the skills will come with practice, you know I think that that's my belief. I think it was the fact that he was you know I'm sure they hated his guts while he was doing it initially and totally started winning should tournaments and then winning money, you know That's a good nice inspiration, you know You know, maybe dad was actually right after all we hated him. It's got to while we were running all these drills and doing all this crazy ship and now we're making like millions, you know So But then you know then you have the fathers who do the you know the same stuff and then the kids hate they got you know They just happened to you know He made it he made it fun for them like they wanted to spend time with daddy, you know, and that's what it was you know I bet if he had sons that he did that what they would they would have told me go have himself and would have probably walked off the court weren't they in the NFL, so might that I I don't know I think they were like top picks for the NFL Yeah, I haven't followed up that story. I actually want to get John Brown on the TV show in interview I haven't had him on I want to have I want to get his insights on the home, you know Melvin told some funny stories, you know Obviously we've heard plenty of Sean race stories about John. I've talked I interviewed John years and years ago on the radio show at Muscle Development I think it was So I kind of know who you know his story, but I think I remember anything I asked him now absolutely not and no the funny thing is this industry as a whole has a memory span of maybe six months You know that I can interview the same person probably every single year and do the same interview with the same questions And I would probably have more and more hits, you know And no one would say very few people say yeah, ask these questions last year already, you know Well, it's like a restaurant you know a small restaurant might have you know a couple hundred or two hundred hundred hundred fifty regulars, but they have thousands of people who come and go into their restaurant So you know people shows like this show get recycled people stop listening and they listen I'm afraid to tell the same story sometimes I'm afraid and I'm like you know I don't even know if you're in a room and it's the story so I'm out of the story tell it You probably can just like take last year's October 12 show next week And just right next week and running right October 12 yeah, that's what I'll do He was saying good job Yeah, just just a red label retidal and everything like that What else what else are going on my doc it here? So who are you helping for the upcoming show I get Raphael Let's see that's it. I get Raphael and I get Jamie DeWirgo in the Let's talk about these other divisions over that's I want to thank you for thank you for reminding It's not a list right so we'll do something No, but there's I wanted to go over the The list of the illiterate qualifiers qualifications All right As in which shows qualifier which people are qualified which people are qualified All right Got it our here it is yeah, let's go for it All right, so we talked about the men's open Yeah, go to the names aren't all the exact names. Okay, so we have brand and curry William Bowenack Hotty shootin Dexter Jackson really winkler Phil Heath Setric make millen Nathan the ash are one morale Flex Lewis Hunter LeBrautah in Valier Lee sung true that was from the set the Korean pro show and Antoine Valyant who just got the the way recently The top three will go on points so far the top three right now is max Charles Lucas Osloville and Big rammy tied with on-win A lot of these points I got a change obviously over the next couple weeks because we have a lot of people you know We're gonna be competed In these upcoming shows and The people who compete the most will probably be the people who wind up going you know the other ones who get the knot Now I thought it was always top five the qualifier on points. Maybe they change it this year I don't know now in Alaconti Spain you're gonna get three qualifiers. They're gonna get three spots So that's another three people you're gonna get another person at the Chicago and and of course you're gonna get points, but and then I don't know is there another show like break up for the end of the Olympia Yeah, there's the Romania so I think or maybe it's five or six weeks yeah, okay all right Civic that one goes off now the two 12 division the qualified guys are come all Who's the rating champ as people know Derek Lundsford Sean Clarita John Jewett Amon Ashkenani how did Ashkenani qualify? No idea David Henry he day Yamagishi angel called her own guy sister Nino Sungwon Kim George Peterson Detric Lewis Dr. Bolus and Kim Junghup and the top three Point get is right now our Derek Osslen you've got 12 points Jason low You're guy Arrow more those are top three then you got Aaron Clark Adam Young Kevin Johnson right below them And so once again We're gonna see a lot of people competing probably and that's gonna change I just showed you a picture Car over there was gonna kill Austin car it looks like he could do some series damage and you got obviously What's the guy you helping in the 2012 Can we do a little go oh First yeah second profile yeah In the classic physique we had the qualifier guys who are qualified as Ricky Moton Bumsted on a mod Ali Shum's Hummer Breon Anzley already call well I didn't already could qualify what did you want you must have won something at the end of the last year Danny Hester Danny Union Wesley Vissers David Hoffman, the Ross Rebar Terence Ruffin San again in Jose Marie Boopari Onosel Lane Alcabranero Christophe hunt Myon Goo Park and Deontre Campbell divine Wilson Logan Franklin we have a lot of people here Song J. Pille Peter Schalfo, Scalo excuse me and Sun-Jun Ham So we got a lot of them and then the top three point getters are Jose Marti Jonathan Hamburg your guy And why George Peterson was to this top point getter when he's already qualified He want to try I think they did not fade this so Supposedly up there, but Peter said his qualifier is It's a big lineup enough in the classic yeah Oh I see coquote He's doing two twelve years, okay, so he had points but that's the relevant So yeah, it's very big lineup The classic might be the most competitive of the whole 100% Now you know you talk to Jay at a real base Yeah, that does mean I mean I I might most competitive meeting a lot of people can move into different spots like you know Yeah, I might not be that top five don't be surprised if these five guys Not replace those yeah Also don't forget we didn't mention but you know Kian Pearson will be doing The two twelve So we're gonna see him and Chicago up against Austin Carr and a couple other great guys It looks like Chicago is turning out to be even though it's gonna mean Chicago It's gonna land it look like it's turning out to be a really good show So and once again people fighting for these final qualifications spots I would assume we're probably to see John Delorosa again probably to with that show Oh, he's shutting the values I can do the lunch I wonder why He likes to compete a lot usually I bet you can beat No, I think he's shutting it up because he's training with Cmol and flexed if they're training together Oh, so he's trying to help both Like this guy flexed told me he's he's flexed training Sun with Cmol and Delorosa and Raphael wants to come back Oh, really it's his I know his son must stop for saying out there too Oh, he's been there for a couple weeks. Is he going back home? Yeah, he's going to his way home soon. Okay, now he's that competing again. No, the hemorrhage is just yeah Oh, this he's still dealing with those huh? Wow The debacle You never sent me his address by the way so I can say oh yeah, he's the finalize so I did tell flexing So he's got Cmol who I work with Hassan who I work with and Cmol Hassan Who else is he training with they what do they do they all train together or they just train at his gym? They train together all of them all of them so Raphael wants to come back and and flex that that's to work with him flex that that's too much and I said well just have to kick John off the team So yeah, so just your guys another version Yeah, but John lives down permanently Well, it's still had to kick him off the team That's supposed to be that's what they should be filming down to those guys training Yeah, yeah I love it. I'm gonna grow. What a good group. Yeah, you know what the funny thing is though and and flex is gonna be laughing as I ask him when I say this Flex is the smart guy like flex just looks like like like Mrs. Havasham he looks like you know from critics But they just he looks like the greatest benefit of all time right? He's like bringing all these guys in given them place to train and and Really what he's doing as he's getting these guys there because they're making him they're getting his juices Yeah, he's already to make yeah Think about it. He has his own gym, but having your own gym doesn't create an environment or an energetic Enviament that that gets you motivated like you would if you walked in the goals gym Venice But if you bring in the five five of some of the best guys in the world training your gym and and work and being your workout partners That's gonna push flex to a better better place, you know a higher level so he's smart He's very smart in his generosity. He's also He might be pushing himself to greater you know levels as well. Yes. I only told him that by what he said when he brought When he invited Hassan become My god they knew each other Are you didn't he's never spoken to him ever text like he can't he doesn't speak a word English aside So I Told him I said flex that that is gonna come back to big time because I thought you knew him The invitation he said no, I just I think it you know he didn't He's bummed out you know he can't compete You know why not come down here and have some fun and train right? I've surprised you didn't get big rammy out there That's just but that's his competition there so maybe doesn't work Big rammy was with Neil and then he's with Chad so that oh Right right that's you got you got to read between the Line state yeah, all right this there's bad blood there. I forgot about that So well look at the seasons as as restricted as these shows might be and and you know I'd like to get Jay Cutler on the on the TV show at some point Talked him about what's going on in Vegas because no one knows better than he does because he he talks to everyone He probably knows all the hotel owners over there. He knows exactly what's going on and And you know this supposed to open everything up. I guess this week again This planet Hollywood just shut down a lot of people don't realize that but venue and the hotel where this Should be the Olympia's taking place is closed right now, but they're supposed to open it up. I think tomorrow or the next day And I'd like to see what Jay's take on the whole thing is in how it's going to go up but No matter what the restrictions are and then the changing of show venues and moving things We had a season see you know you gotta take your hat off to everyone who made it happen, you know Because it wasn't easy. There's no one sponsoring these shows there's No audiences allowed you got to do live streams and you know I'm glad that they they did something because it could have easily have canceled the whole season No and no one would have said a word yeah You know I wanted to bring up another thing Chris I want to jinx that I hope it goes don't jigsie You know I want to bring I you know I was so impressed with how Gary you did and and these Big shows have been running The competitions what they do is everyone stays in your hotel room basically and hangs out and then they say you shoot your text message When it's your classes turn to go and they kind of give you like a heads up okay You got a half hour or whatever you know head down to the venue And I'm like how the freak they had a 1400 people at the north of america and have the freak that they how would they coordinate all these text messages right it sounds almost unbelievable You know there's no way this this one person sitting there on a cell phone texting everyone right that's just I got to happen Well they on the NPC websites reading it they announced I guess yesterday that NPC muscle where they're calling it is being implemented Across the United States in 2021 now Muscle where is the platform I guess that runs all these competitions from the judging to the Sending out the at the notifications via text messages So I guess they import all the competitors in there and then the this this program it has the ability it's like to Send out whatever they need to do to quote to notify these people at a moment's notice It generates the athlete list the score cards the crossover reports expedite her sheets MC sheets and more It's pretty amazing right I'm I'm glad to hear that the NPC is so high techno Can you imagine blackburn trying to figure out the software? I'll waste why hot hot hot Can't get anything I can I can't see the competitor lists Steve you have 6,000 browser pay a page is up and you have to open you got to shut you got to shut at least two of them Oh how do I do that Where's my secretary Steve you don't have a secretary anymore you don't we don't make any money over here anymore we lose money Get me my red give me my yellow pad I'm getting a text something is digging over that day If they bring his text it's only from his wife yeah because I have her on emergency over right so that means that no matter what if I had the phone on time I still hear it because What's it said read it to one thing Right to a younger daughter was yelling so So Not one in the world where we're we're done with the show anyway, but I want to just say that you know what I want to wish everyone the best to luck all these competitors who are competing during these hard times and Making it happen and get on stage bringing their best you know if you guys can make it through this 2020 year and compete and make it to the Olympia you can do it anytime Anywhere any place because there's a lot of people that didn't compete this year a lot of people that took off because they couldn't handle The stress and they couldn't get to the gym and they couldn't get you know everything may need to done You can get through this you can get through anything. This is a breeze. I promise you I mean that next year will be a breeze compared to this or the year after that and you have to that But we'll remember I think 2020 will go down as you know you and I we talking about it like like two old And telling everyone how bad it was and no one will ever really know how bad it was because unless you live through it It's it's it's it's it really changed everyone's life You know and hopefully it's not on the permit based and hopefully when we go back to the way it was it was before And we'll have to see on that one but Anyway, we will be reporting from this show this is coming weekend and good luck to all the competitors For now we're out of time until next week remember with heavy must oh I wanted to bring one more thing up Oh goodness, I got a stop. I was getting ready to say the truth are you I can't do it no no sure third to this weekend. I have my secrets to becoming a died guru course online Okay, if you go to daypalamba.com you can you can the link there to sign up is is there the great thing about the course is if you take the course You can rewatch the course something you couldn't do when I do it live when you had a come in person And take it with me here in K corral now that it's online you can watch it for two weeks after that You can just watch uploads you can rewatch it over and over and over again. So if you missed stuff if you want to You know, you know kind of like really make sure that you understand the content of what's going on You have the ability to log in and at any time rewatch the course It's gonna be from nine in the morning to six at night. There's an hour break for lunch You can ask questions that you'll get my 100 page Manual secrets at beginning becoming a diegrew manually you get to download it and I'm telling you guys this is if you want to learn about how to be a coach in our business had a right diet nutritional supplement regimens Drug cycles anything related to bodybuilding at all It's all on the table guys. You can give a love this course. Make sure you sign up and we have limited Obviously space For now though we are officially out of time until next week remember with heavy muscle radio the truth hurts Talket