We're going to be launching the tasty pastry for the low-car hot tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to Legendary Foods, Muscle in the Morning. I'm Dave Palombo, and today is Thursday, June 17, 2021. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Good morning and welcome back. Once again, thank you for joining us here today. We're jumping right into our biggest story of the day, which is news that broke a few days ago, when the internet almost exploded after Sergio Leavad Jr. and now Steve was pulling out of the Chicago Pro. I don't have time to get into all the details about what ultimately led to him making the decision. You can check out heavy muscle radio for that. But Sergio Leavad Jr. all out on his Instagram, if you're interested. But I will say this, not having Sergio in the show is a huge loss for everyone because he's a Chicago kid. And love him or hate him, he's still one of the biggest personalities in bodybuilding. And now that he won't be there, presumably occupying a spot in the top three, it leaves a door open for someone else to walk through and considering how big the show already feels on paper, a top three finish there could set the stage for something a whole lot bigger of a few weeks down the road. You know how people say that location location is the key to making a big and real estate? Well, in some ways, it almost feels like that's true in bodybuilding too, with the way athletes flock to certain gyms in different parts of the world. According to reports, Brandon Curry might be about to hop on a jet and head out to Kuwait to train at oxygen gym for the next few months as he gets ready for the Olympia. A few days ago, Brandon said that he was finally able to obtain a visa which would allow him to travel overseas again so he can link up with the team out there at oxygen that helped him win his Olympia title a few years ago. Whether or not this ends up being a deciding fact of for him this year still remains to be seen but for someone who is rooted in his home life here in the US as Brandon is, I think it speaks volumes about where his head is at right now and it shows you how far he's willing to go to win that title. Now, keep what I've just said about Brandon Curry and mind while you're looking at these photos of Big Rami because this is what he'll need to be if he wants to be the first athlete in the history of the open to win his title back the year after he lost it. I heard from more than a few people that Rami's been bolster the wall in the gym for the last few months and that he's probably paid more attention to detail for this prep than he has and any other show in his life. Rami doesn't want to be a one-time chef. He knows the history of body building and he knows what keeps this title would mean for his legacy. And I also think the fact that he's been there before plays an important role too because he knows what it takes to be at the top and I don't see him wanting to give that spot up anytime soon. And finally, we're closing out today with some big news from Jeremy Pothin who announced that he was leaving the men's physique division and switching over to classic physique next year. I think this announcement came as a major shock for men's physique fans because Jeremy just plays fourth at the Olivia last year and he looked a lot better than he did when he placed 10 to years ago. That being said, Jeremy did have one of the best backs in the division and he's definitely got the structure from the waist up so that he can add another size or two to give himself a chance to be competitive. I don't think making the Olympia as a classic athlete next year would be completely out of the question. Logan Franklin just did it last year so the blueprint is there. He just has to find his own way. And that does at the end another edition of Bustle in the Morning on Day for Lumbar Robinding. Always be true to your passions and be sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.