Old School Body Building Clothing Company. If it's been three and a half hours since you last ate protein, now you're starting to freak out, you are old school. If watching someone sit on a hammer machine for five minutes between sets playing with their phone, pisses you off, you are definitely old school. OSBBC.com for the hardest training athletes. Welcome back to after hours of day polimbo. John Romano here and I think Greg Balantino is joining us already. The rest of the Wack Pack joining us, I think with Ricky, false is going to be giving us an update. I think he made it to Washington DC. John, he left your house. He left my house a couple of days ago and he was only washing his own hours from here. He was four hours by car John, he was riding a bicycle, but he was going to be a bit of a quickening with him. He's got a suburban, you know? He couldn't ride here, there's no shoulder. He runs in those roads that got no who was driving the suburban John. He is. He puts his shit in the back and he drives it. Well, when he's not driving the suburban, he had a suburban catch up to where he's riding the bike. I don't know, he flies back and picks it up and then goes, why? Seriously? Yeah. It sounds like a two-man operation to me, but he's only one person. I think it's more than a two-man operation, honestly, because this guy's got it all. He's got so much shit going on. He's got the energy level of 10 men. I don't know how he does it. But I agree with that. Did he stay with you, John? Did he stay? He had a hotel, he had already told me he checked into a hotel. He could have stayed here. But I took him to dinner. There's a right here right there. I took him to the Chinese buffet so he could fill up. What do you eat there? Everything. And a boy Ricky. He's like a snake. He had a stock up and hopefully he'll last him for the next month, right? And a boy Ricky. Right. And it load up his glycogen stores. Hopefully. So now what are you doing? I see him in Washington, we're playing the video of him riding around the capital right there. What's he going to like some kind of congressman's house or what are you doing there? The VFW. The VFW is all over him. He's, you know, yesterday was flag day. So he tried to get to DC in time. He's riding all around Arlington and the capital. So what he does is he drives there and then he unloaded and he rides all around. But he couldn't, he could never ride that thing on the street here. There's no way to ride. Yeah. Look who's home from school. Come over here. Logan. Logan, come here. Wow. Look at that. All right. Don't, you don't have to fake being sick. I know you're not sick. That is be smogged, shared on. And it says in the back here. Ask Logan. Don't remember. There he is. I mean, I mean, the live what this from. So that was very nice to him. Logan, how can you not in school? Because I was sick. You're not sick. You were throwing out all last night so we kept them home. But, I guess. Anyway, well, good one. You fall for that. Yeah, we fell for it. Yeah, we fell for it. He kept the man there up all night. Obviously wasn't feeling good. But the smoke was going to be doing good. But you said he was throwing up all night. Now he is saying he's not sick. Well, he won't. After he woke up, it's like he got over it. I think it was, you have had one of those 12 hour viruses. Like where you're like sick as a dog for 12 hours. And then all of a sudden you feel fine. You mean when you're a kid, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You can do this. You just to smoke a cigar, throw up, and then he was fine. Yeah. You see, go on. Now, you know, I wanted to bring up a topic that you John brought up the right before the show. You know, we're such a culture full of people that make excuses for everything and blame everything. Like when he blames his sister, you know, poking the little one. You know, everyone blames everyone right now a day. And there's a runner. She's a, I think she's the world record holder at 1800 meters or 1500 meters. She's from the United States. And she has the positive for antibiotics. Oh, okay. It's a natural, natural. And we know it's gotten the tablites of 18 months. So she either was stupid and took it or she didn't realize that she was taking something. She's trying to take something else, obviously. And that was probably, and that she probably was using something on the ground. She's blaming a pork burrito. A pork burrito saying that that's how she tested positive. Is that the greatest excuse of all time, John? You know, pigs have just taken it. They had it rough. But people blame pork for everything. That's the word. That is the thing. They've made it. If you got a dietary problem, the blame a fucking pig. Same like your friend's mother added this. You said, hey, didn't you? I did. And you believed out a pork burrito. I mean, come on, can't you come up with something a little more creative than that? Oh, but where did she get that? I'll tell you why she said a pork burrito. And she didn't say like her multi-vitamin because they have a rule. It's called a no supplement rule. If you take supplements, it's on you. So if the supplements are tainted, you can't use as an excuse for testing positive. It should come up with something better. Blame, trampoling, you know. But, but, but, but out of everything that she may have consumed in the last, you know, week, where do you come up with the pork burrito? I'll tell you what, probably black men in probably can tell you. It is probably like one article in the American Journal and that, that, that, that, that pork burritos are tainted with an angel on my compound. Who knows, guarantee they found something in the literature. Do it. It's like when big poppy and all them guys face fall, they got caught and they're like, oh, we're seeing one of the supplements I took. Oh, bullshit, you know what you would do. That's right. But they took, but they, they, they, that law. No, no, no, no, no. They don't know what they're doing. That's the fuck I thought. I don't know. I wish it, there's somebody else. Right. If you know what they're doing, you remember, you were doing it. You take an angel loan. If you knew what you were doing, you would know to test whatever you're taking to make sure it's not an angel loan. Right. But John, you remember Melky Cabrera, the fuck a baseball player, he went out and opened up a supplement company, no, that shit said, oh, was it an ad? It was like the biggest farm. Yep. It all these guys. Sean Ray claims that he, that he wasn't taking anything and he tested positive for, you know, uh, winch troll. You remember when he lost the watch that? Remember Sean Ray, they took the Arnold class away. Oh, yeah. One year, he didn't, he said it even used the windstroll and he tested positive for it. Yeah, like Ben Johnson, he didn't use windstroll, but John, well, we did that, uh, bigger stronger faster. Wasn't it, did Ben Johnson, he took, uh, I think, Bell told me that he was taking other shit. He thought he was taking other shit, which he, he admitted it. He admitted it. Right. But he was, he said, but it wasn't windstroll because he failed for windstroll. Right. But it wasn't windstroll was another shitty talk he said. And he admitted it. He said he was taking other shit. That means that means his dealer gave him fake shit. You know, probably thought he was taking test suspension, which is a water based test, right? Right. But it wasn't the water based. That's it was the fucking, you know, and it was windstroll because they fucking, it, it went through, you know, I don't know, the angel loan is that probably, if you, if she intentionally took some kind of a nanzilon based compound, that's probably the dumbest thing you could possibly do. Uh, that, that's as Victor County would say, he's failing an IQ test because everywhere he knows or anyone who's got, have to brain knows that an angel on compounds can last up to 18 months in the body. So you never beat the drug test with that, you know. And, but that's why I have to believe that something she used, probably Annaboggly speaking was not what she thought it was. You know, maybe she thought it was pretty long. But he did. But why blame the freaking pig because they can't blame supple and show who, what excuses you're going to make our loan. What the hell? What the hell? What the hell? What the hell? What the hell? What the hell? What the hell? Why do you pick the pig? It's what I want to know. Well, because the pigs always take it. They always take it. John, let me ask you, John, my, no, it's John. Isn't it, maybe I'm wrong. But what, isn't there a female runner that actually has so much testosterone in her, she looks like a man, they tested her, she's not on any steroids. Yeah. It's a, this big black woman who's like, I think she's African. Yeah, yes, she has so many of you talked about her. Yes, she's got high testosterone. They said she can only compete if she takes estrogen blockers. Yeah, I know. That's a thick, isn't it? That's another whole, the fiasco that we can, we can discuss. But this, this is just funny because this girl's like blaming like, you know, going with talk on her, on failing a steroid test. Even though she's the, she's the premier runner, you know, at 15,000 meters. Or 5,000 meters. She's been 15,000 meters. She's been 15,000 meters. Who else? Who else in the history of the Olympics to a, since the ancient Greece day, who has failed a drug test for a burrito? That's what I want to know. Well, I guess you feel like crying. No, I do try to see it get me because the meat was on, like, you know, quality. Well, I guess it's a very easy, a very easy verification. Let him test the meat, right? Right. Go back, get another burrito and test me. Wait. Did they say anything at the end of, I didn't read the article that they say anything at the end of the end of the, the testing the meat or anything that. We can clue the most likely explanation was a burrito of churches. It's 10 hours before I'm sure it is. We don't keep right there right there. Another blame in the Mexicans. You see, it's all the Mexicans, probably. He's just going to know Mexican food truck. I told you it's my mother and law. You should pick in Mexican. Where do they get, where do they come up with most likely? How does that show me? That's the most unlikely scenario, right? Don't know where. Well, it's all known. Well, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, that Mexicans put the, an angelone in there and they're burritos. Didn't you know that? But that's what the burritos are. I want to know because it's better in the history of medicine as mandrelone showed up in pork. I want to show me one study. It's somewhere in the county. It's not fair. It's already jacked up. It's those Oregon on deck of ones, the 50 milligrams per week. They like to inject them into the burritos. I love those. That's why they're so metabolic. I've been telling you guys this for years. So here's the question. How do they come up with the term most likely? Where is my come from? Jones, how do you get, if it never happened before, how do you get most likely? Where does that come from? Because John, she's probably going to try to claim, well, you know, if they gave that pig steroids, they don't know. They just noted, an angelone's a steroids, so they just say, oh, it's, you know, even though that's the last thing they would give a pig, right? They would give it something else other than that. We never give a pig mandrelone. I know that. And a pig up anymore by definition, I think the pigs are fattening. The angelone's not to drug you're going to give them to flatten it up, right? We never give it, never. And a million years would you give an angelone to it. So this is so unbelievably contrived and stupid. Wait a minute, can I play devil's advocate? What if though, maybe it was a fucking, those, Trent, you know, like, because you get the pellets and shit like that, maybe it was one of an infinite jet pellets. And because that contest is, it causes right. Not for an angelone. No, I was trying to, I was reaching. You know, he, that was trying. I was just trying to be devil's advocate. There is no devil's advocate. I mean, obviously she was taking shit. I think you know what happens? They get these coaches and they, he's eating. I have a, I got this information. I just pulled up. It's been a long understood by water, the world, the anti-doping agency that eating pork can lead to a false positive for an angelone. Since certain types of pigs produce it naturally in high amounts, pig Oregon meat has the highest levels of an angelone. Oh, come on now. My son's writing a language with, with, with, with, with, with, with, marker. Oh, come on. If that was the nice legs. Like you should put fish in there. Harry, Harry, like, but um, they would look good with fish nets on. But listen, um, honestly, that's their reachy because you, you know as well as I do obviously. How many people eat fucking pork? You know what? Well, you know, it's, you know, it's, they needed to come up with something. And like I said, they went through a study prob, it was done, you know, a night, and five years ago, someone found that their pigs have an angelone, like compounds in them. Gary, Gary, some of the black men found that online and gave them the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, I want to see the receipt from Chipotle. Wait, my mother most Mexican, she's got a goatee, so maybe it's true. She's a lot of feet. She's got a lot of feet. She's got a lot of feet. You got a kick my son out here. He's hiding under the table. You got to make him talk. This is what you got to do. I don't know. You know what he's John, Emily, you're fucking coach. You know, he's, dad these coaches, look, we'll take this the way about it. It'll, it'll go under a radar that tested for testosterone, this is that, I don't know whatever the fuck. You know what I mean, it's the Momo coaches because they don't know anything. It's even bodybuilding coaches a lot of these guys that people people taking concoctions, you know what? You know what I mean? I had a girl, I had a girl cross-fader who failed a drug test for fucking anivar. I mean, like how do you fail a drug test for anivar? That's, you gotta like, you gotta work to do that. I mean, you have to do it on purpose almost. You can't do it on purpose. You probably took a fucking anivar tablet fucking half hour before she got tested. Cause it's just, it's just, right, it's really smart like that. I'm just saying, but that's because your coach is though, listen, these athletes, they listen of whatever the coach, if the coach is listening, I want you to eat fucking, you know, a pile of shit, they would eat it, they don't, whatever the coach says. You know what I mean? And I think that that is part of the problem. You get these coaches and they think all we'll take the mandrel in. It's like, Scott gonna show up like testosterone. You know what I mean? You'll get to, and now you get caught. So like, they just they go online and they think of what food can change a hormone like, natural, and what fucking idiot would give a big fucking, any food. Well they say that they take naturally produces and that's what the word I read. Oh, not a chicken worse. Oh, everybody, you know what more. If that was true, if that was true, do you know what any bodybuilders would be? Maybe back ribs, fucking breakfast lunch, I think I'm convinced McDonald has antibodies, properties, who knows what the heck's in that, and that need, I got news fear. I put a lot of muscle on with McDonald's, let me tell you. And it was the McDonald's, wasn't anything in the audience. It's Saudi, and it's in that fucking McDonald's. So I go to the doctor. I got an ankle problem. I don't know what my ankles have been killing me. I can't walk on it. It's been months now. I go to the doctor, and I'm sitting in the waiting room and I'm filling out this form, right? You got the medical history. And you know, I remember, you know, when I used to go years ago to the doctor, I felt these medical histories when you go to a new doctor, I just went, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, sign it, give it to them. Now I'm looking at the sheet. I'm spending a half hour filling out this thing, because I got everything on the checklist. Hard problem, yes, I got the fibroleter. Any kind of arthritis. Yeah, joint replacement. I got two shoulder replacement. Diurettectomy. For quad surgeries, it's like never ends. I'm falling apart. I have more things checked off on the probe on the past history than I actually have an unchecked off now. Didn't you got to explain what they want? That's the worst. I know. And it's like I don't want to tell the whole story. And you know what the findings? I don't even remember all the surges I have. I'm like, well, I got to find the first one. When I was, I mean, I had my appendix taken out when I was 17. And you know, who knows? I had so many crates. I had two arts. I had my shoulders scoped out, you know, when I was younger. It's getting old sucks. Anyway, to make it a long story short, they want to, they say, well, the only thing we could really do to fix your ankle and be fused it. Fused the bones in there. I'm like, that's obviously not an option. I said, so basically fucked. I feel like Jimmy to bolt today. What you know, my foot, my left foot is going to tell when you're underneath. And I remember I am pretty lean now. And I remember when I last competed in 80, whatever, three. That I used my foot fucking hurt. And it was, and I remember Dorian, subsequently many years later saying that he was walking around backstage, prior to what Olympian is feet were killing him. And he thought like he was cramping. I'm maybe because nobody dies. Yeah. He realized he got so lean that the fat pad on the his foot got disappeared. And I'm wondering if that's what's going on. I don't have any there. I have striated by the bottom of my feet as striated. I'm so lean. That's why I have no effect. But I'm wondering, is that why is that why my foot hurts? Well, you know what, you probably do aerothotics and issues? Yes. I hope not orthotics. You know, you've got to get customer advice. Now I always get them at the chiropractic because it's easy. I got the chiropractic. You know, they had to step on the machine. The guy I went to, he's a foot specialist, but he's a doctor. He's not just a podiatrist. He told me these things are piece of crap. He fitted me for a real strong pair. He goes, because you need a rigid, a more rigid orthotic, because I have no arch in my feet whatsoever. And so that's the step I'm taking. I'm not doing any surgery, obviously. Even though I probably need to get the orthotics, the full strength won't so to speak. So if you guys are having foot problems, you know, the orthotics made you got it. Your chiropractic, the ones you get in the store, even if they're custom, it's not the same. And you know what the technology, you want to hear how cool the technology is? When I first went for orthotics back in the 80s, I was one of the first people to get them, because I was a long distance runner. I see a lot of pork back then. That's why my time is so good. And I needed orthotics. And so when they fit you back then, they didn't have any scans or computers. They actually casted your foot like you would go for it. You broke your foot and they would put a cast on it. And they would take the cast and they'd send that out and they would make a mold from that. Now nowadays, they actually have a cell phone app. They actually take a picture of your foot. And all of a sudden, you see your feet and three dimensions. It's unbelievable. I mean, it literally took 20 seconds for this guy to do this. I thought it was going to take this big, this whole big process. Took him 20 seconds and they had my foot in the program already. And they sent it off the lab and the lab is going to make me orthotics from that. It's crazy. That's cool. Yeah, really cool. You know, you go back to eat and pork. That's right. I think that's my problem. That's why I haven't all these problems. I stopped eating McDonald's every day and pork and stuff like that. Thinking it's going to be healthy. I'm going to live forever. I think I'm falling apart because I'm not, supplementally properly now. I take all my vitamins, but I need my metabolic stuff, too. Why aren't you going to your key? I don't know. My testosterone's good. I think I need like the good stuff. I think I need like some nangelo. The be honest with you. It's just having pork sandwich. I can't take G.A. You're like, I can't say, I love my huge Greg. So we can't do that. More. I would never do H.C.H. ever. No, especially if you're a cancer person and I had the thyroid cancer side me too scared. But these guys don't understand it. They think that that doesn't matter. I keep telling people, you gotta be kidding me. You gotta be kidding me. It doesn't cause cancer, but if you have cancer, we'll make your growth faster, yeah. It's right. You're throwing a carousine on a fireman. You know, I went and got my, but so I got blood work done the other day to check my, because you know, I did this like at home, heavy metal test. Have you ever tested your heavy metals, mercury, ledil, that stuff? I test my metallic old time. No, seriously. You should test it because, you know, a lot, it's weird. Sometimes you get exposed to stuff you don't even know it. So I came back very high for ledil on this home test. So I was freaking out. So I went and had my friend send me for some blood work and on the blood work, I was normal, man. God, so I had no, I was expecting high mercury, because you know, I eat sushi and stuff like that. But I don't really eat that much tuna. Cause black, remember, black, been had the high mercury, John. Yep, I remember some of them. Yes, so I stopped when he had, I stopped eating so much tuna, I eat more salmon. And salmon doesn't have mercury in itself. He would eat tuna steak a lot. Yeah, yeah, tuna, I had to stop the fish because too much mercury. So my, my lead levels were not elevated above normal on the blood work. So what I'm, so sometimes these home tests are not accurate. And the problem is, cause you've taken the test, you're putting blood on a card or in a little file, you send it off by the time it gets there to get heated up and stuff can alter it. So if you're getting, if you're doing at home testing, you know, you might want to go to a lab and get it done because they're getting a fresh specimen, it's going to be more accurate. I think it's important for me to say that because I know some people that do do home testing. And sometimes it's obviously, now this is the second thing. I once had my hemoglobin A1C tested and it was not right, too. Ironically, though, my hemoglobin A1C, which is a measure of your blood sugar over three months, has been super, super low lately, which is good. And I don't know if it's because of COVID and because I don't go out as much as I did before, but my blood sugar's been better. I don't even know what to attribute it to. Have you guys ever had your hemoglobin A1C's check? My blood can't be. My hemoglobin all the time. I thought hemoglobin A1C is a test of how your hemoglobin combines with glucose. So if your glucose is all the time, you'll have higher hemoglobin A1C. I'm a fucking diabetic. I have to, what's your hemoglobin A1C, do you know? Well, was fucking like 10 point. Oh my God, really. It's supposed to be. 5.6 is borderline high. That's very high, right? It was it. Yeah, that's why I take my, I'm on med form and lemma fry. You gotta be, you should be, I mean, I told him is before you should be able to insulin. Yeah, I don't know, I don't know anything about insulin. I never did. You should be able to long acting insulin, not a short acting insulin, we have to, the good thing about long acting insulin's Greg is number one, you can go to Walmart and buy a bottle without a prescription of 25 bucks. And second thing is, you don't have to worry about crashing from it because it's long acting. So it's, it's not like you take a shot and you're going to a coma, you know? How tough. It's insulin for 20, I mean, how do you get insulin like, without a prescription? Because they, they will, Walmart sells long acting insulin called novulin n and they sell a shorter acting a fast acting insulin called novulin r without a prescription. You have to ask the pharmacist for it because they keep it in the fridge, but you don't need a prescription and they're selling them super cheap right now because Trump enacted this program for diabetics who don't have health insurance and couldn't afford to get their insulin. It's only $25 a bottle, that bottle lasts a long time. Oh, buy two. Might know, do away with that. Yeah, they want it. He's trying to, he's trying to. That's sick, that cock sucker. But anyway, anybody who voted from your fucked up. Anyway, did you see that video from wandering around in the, in the cafe? Yeah, he's got bro. He was even more. Well, John, he's in that stage. Remember you said when you get old, you want to be like that, you don't know what the fuck's going on. So you don't get, he's in that stage. I think he's like, I don't even know if he knows his president. He's probably just maybe, sometimes he doesn't. They got a reminder every morning. Joe, you won the presidency. I did. Go, man, that's awesome. Every day, you think he's just won the president. I just, That's what they were saying. His whole life he wanted to be president. And now he's president. He doesn't know the agency. They can't even enjoy it. I was enjoying it every morning when they were mind him when he wakes up. So like John said, it's like, it's like having, you win in the lottery every single morning, you know? No, you know what he says? When he says, you know, you're the president. Joe, he says, what? You're in any of what? Like Barack Obama said to him before he wanted to think. He said, you know, good luck, Joe. You're going to win this. He goes, what? What? He's like, I think he's trying to. He's shot, he's fucking shot. He's really shot. He will do away with that insulin. He will. He won't be doing it. He won't even know what's going on. He'll get someone else to do it. We'll tell him to sign this. What's that? It's done him that's doing away with it. It's Susan Rice and Obama behind the fucking, he's like a puppet. He don't know what the fuck's going on. I don't know what the fuck he's doing. Right. Right. Here, you're talking at the G7? Do that's disgraceful. I was like, I'm expecting a fuss to get fucking invaded in any minute now. Sorry, you got all the military guys. No one's invading us, believe me. You got all the war mongers. Now you got to be the pushification of the military right now. They kick off a psychops. Do you see the other day? A car in Atlanta. A book. Bookhead. Fuck it pulls up along the cop. The shit right there was light flash. And another car pulls right up alongside the the car in front of the cop. And it just starts shooting at the car and drive away. And the cops didn't even do chase them. Then they said, we're not allowed to chase. Then they're doing fucking didn't mean well the fire standards. The ones got hit, you know. It's their fucked up. You can't do it. It's not the cops fault. I'm saying it's the fucking, you want more that go on my face. Bookhead just posted it. Yeah, yeah. It. John, how many people you got? I see you arguing sometimes. And many people you got their fucking actually think like, you know, all fighting's doing a great job. It's at so much better. Oh my God, things are so much better than fucking Donald Trump, which I feel like, you know what, you know, I told you, Greg, it's exactly the same. They're all cronies. No one did nothing changes. Very few things. No, it goes back up for the little bit. They're all going on. No, no, no, no, no, no. You're a big good woman. I fucking argue over to, you know, Melvin. I don't know what that was. He's a good guy, but dude, he shot. They just defined John, I see you sometimes going at it with people. Yeah, no, I do. This is, this is, this is, this fucking people are oblivious. And of course, I always get the ones that nothing affects them. You know, well, I'm a parent and affect them. The tax, but didn't affect them. They're stock market doesn't affect them. Fuel prices don't affect them because they don't drive a car. Anything that happens, guys, immune. So, you know, you get people like that. He's just, there's no talking to them. John, that's a good one. You know what I'll tell me? I said, no, no, it's, it's, it's, it's the crisis on the border. This is the going on for years. And I'm like, but, but, he goes, who's worse under Trump? And I'm like, no, why is it? Trump fixed that shit. Exactly. You're gonna talk about the punch. All right, let's, let's, let's, let's, let's change the subject for a second. Have you guys seen the big, liney video where he smashed the bottle over his head? No. A real bottle? Like, can they see this? All right, we watch this video. A real bottle? Rob Zillus sent it to me. Well, post, post conference, we're gonna hit the gym. But before that, let's make one thing clear. I'm just gonna get better and better. He's not going anywhere. Yeah, we talking to you as if you should be scared of me. As if you're, what, why am I ever scared of anything? I'll tell you something, dear. No, no, no, no. That's all. What do you fear of drinking slabs? It's not an hard time, Ben, at all. That was an acabond. You don't fucking scary that, don't you? Oh, that was a real bottle? No, it was a plant, right? It was a plant. It was a plant. It was a plant. It was a plant. I thought I walked that way. I thought I think I still walked better than Lenny does. It was a real bottle. You're gonna punch this way. He's so fucking, he's pretty, he's got a pretty hard head though. I don't know, you never know. You don't want to blow a shit. I whacked a guy one time with a beer bottle and the fucking head. The bottle didn't break, but he got knocked out. Oh, yeah. And the bottle stayed one piece. Right, yeah. Rob Zillam must be a pretty good actor. He did respond to me well. I wanted it to break. I wanted to smash him over to have one of break and fucking stab him with it. Wow. But it didn't break. He just knocked out. He's the way that being broke so easy, John. I was like fucking broke. I mean, I don't know sugar. One of those sugar glass. I love big Lenny, but I don't know if I believe that that was a real bottle. That was not a real bottle. I seen that many cowboy movies. I like Lenny's rationalization. I'm only getting better. He's not. I don't think Mr. G needs to get any better, do you? Well, well, if you start where he started, yeah. And then you're getting better. I mean, he didn't get better for like a year to get to Mr. G's worst. So he's got a one-rotable. Yeah, he looks good though. I like that he shaped the beard down more. Yeah, he doesn't look as much. He looks younger now. I think he looks good like that. So I think that's a positive thing. The funny thing about Lenny is that Lenny is so into the whole body, the only thing that wouldn't you think he would want to like just lean out as much as possible. That's like pretty hardcore. That's not cookie cutter right there like that. That's like the body builder way. I would think he'd want to walk around shred it, you know. At this point. Especially if he's going to fight Mr. G right? Well, I think that there will worry about size. I think a lot of guys are like that. They don't give each. How many times you get every fat guy in a gym on the towel? But you know what? Lenny can feed stuff right? It's not like Lenny doesn't eat. Lenny does show. I like Lenny. I think he look. He looks like he's having trouble walking, bending a whole burner. Losing some of that fat would help. I don't know. And who trains for a fight and doesn't lose weight. He's not training for the fight, obviously. And I think that, you know, as a guy who really likes Lenny a lot, I want to see Lenny live a long time. So I think he would lean out. You know what I mean? It would be one thing if he was like 250 or 270 and he was shredded. And he just wants to be big. And he's like, hey, fuck you guys, I want to be big. But he's not like, it's not a good quality big he is right now. And he's like 320 or whatever he's 330. But he's like he said he's got body fat on him. At least drop the body fat off. If you want to weigh 270 or 260, and at least you're going to be relatively lean at that weight, then I'm like, you know, then that's what you want to do. That's what you're going to do. He's not functionally big at this point, you know? It's dysfunctional. I talked to George yet a day on a phone. We were talking, I don't know. I'm not going to say what he was saying. You know, it's just it's, it's, you know, Lenny's a good guy. I just think that this whole fighting, I don't want to say it go off, but she's not good. Can you read this? What is that saying? Don't I'm can't get on this fucking thing, try. Oh, Jimmy the ball. Let me try to give him a break again. He should have, hey, he should have did what I do. Typing in all cats. So it looks like he's got work. Young man, I can't get on this fucking dirt. That's pretty good. Where is he been this pat. Well, I'm going to ask him to be here. He was supposed to be here to fucking guy, but he never showed up. Oh, really? Oh, I'm right. You invited him. Yeah, but now we says he's coming for fourth of July. So we'll see. He'll hold your breath. No, no, no, no, no, no. You want to fire up, so this is a lot of that, right? No, I told him, I'm going to fourth of July party, come on down. You know, he goes, oh, yeah, that's a good idea. I've got to great time. I'm coming down. I say he's not coming down. No, he was supposed, but then I said, after that, I said, you know, another opportunity is Valerie's going to Colorado to visit her family for a few days. I'm here alone. Why don't you come down now? I hang out. We'll cook, we'll laugh, we'll drink some beers, you know, and, you know, I like to look at you. And you lit up. That was such a good idea. I couldn't wait to come. So he calls, yes, I go where are you? How much longer do you get here? Oh, yeah, no, I got it. Because no, wait, because he called me up, I forgot the whole part of the story. He called me up about a week ago, not even a week ago, four, five days ago. And he says, he goes, we got thrown out of the Guadier port. There he is. There he is. Tell the story about how you got thrown out of the Guadier airport. Jimmy. Jimmy. Yeah, I think he's muted. Jimmy's about fucking, fucking thing. This fucking thing here. I don't understand it with the code. I put the code in and it says it doesn't exist. And I forget that. Well, you obviously made it work. So you're here. Tell him about the the Guadier. He got thrown out of the Guadier because the dump truck would work. Yeah, that's true. Oh, it's hard. Oh, it's hard. Jimmy, where were you last week? Where was that last week? I was home. How come you were in the show? I know I sent you the link. Oh, wait a minute. What happened last week? That last week something happened. What the fuck happened last week? I should get. I want to hear you out of the Guadier story. Oh, I just told you. I was not there. I was not the toy. The fucking bed would up. The fucking bed would up. The fucking third one. Come on. The guy had to come over with the excavated. They get out. You get the bottom of the fucking bed apart. I finally got it. The dump. And if they dumped the guy, they're more of a little lizard. He goes, look, come back. That's just what I mean. I just whatever you want, man. No problem. You know what I mean? I thought you got fired from the truck. No, it's just a different gigant. Yeah, I did. I don't work anymore, man. I was one day they called me and then did it half. I went and I was one day I didn't even get paid. The guy just to go. The guy who didn't pay. You hear? You hear? Why are you not paying? He didn't pay you and you work for the day. Yeah, he didn't pay me here. He owes me, you know, from last year. He owes me. That's, he didn't even pay me. Why are you letting him get away from you? Probably two years ago. Why would you let him get away with this? Did Jimmy the bowl of past never would have allowed this? No, I know, but I'm out of here, man. I don't even give a fuck. I told him you need to go ahead. You need it. You think you can't have to talk to him. I don't need your fucking money. So now are you going to be here for a second? So I or no. Yeah, yeah. I am. I wanted to share a couple of things we get today. Because I had a hard day. And where's George? Good question. I don't know. I heard he's down the floor. I think he's back. I just talked to him on a phone. I think he's back. He was trying to get your plane back. But I'm pretty sure he's back. We did a press conference from Florida. He was some press conference. Yeah, it was him in line. He got a lot of hits at show. It was almost like thinking about it. He's 20,000. On that one. Oh, what did he do? Yeah, his client has a board of house in Bocca. So George was like, I think went down there with him for a little mini vacation. Yeah, I keep asking George of his moving. And he's like, I'm not getting a definitive answer from him. So I don't know. That's what that means. There he is. There he is. It's like somebody coming on. Rick, turn your phone sideways. Oh, Rick. Yes. How is Rick on sideways? Oh, it's Ricky. Ricky, you got the orientated lock on. Again, take off the orientation lock on the phone. And turn it sideways. That is sideways. You got the lock on. He's got to take the lock off. Oh, OK. Yeah. Yeah, I don't know where that shit. You went to Arlington? Yes, sir. That's cool. Did you go see the president? I'll take this. How do I take this lock off? What? You got an iPhone? It's just going to speak. You got to scan that. Pulled the screen from the top right corner down. You mean, I still got to flip the tape on it back. Hold the pattern. Hold the pattern. Hold it at best, man. That's your best. It's called the burner phone. Yeah, exactly. It's meant to be thrown in the garbage after you use it. Great. Ricky, you figured out? That's not nice. Oh, he's good. He's good. Alright. It's all Ricky. How's my reception? There he is. Good. I like that shirt, Ricky. It's got to get off. He's got a whole suit. I like that. I look like Lance Armstrong and Kurt Angle had a baby. You look like an avenger. It's what you look like. Is he in a cemetery, though? Yeah. It's an oral pain. Give me. Oh, Jimmy wakes up while I'm studying sea cemeteries. You know? Yeah. No, he's in the deep cemetery. Oh, yeah. Yeah, man. I wanted to make it special for you guys. I'm in hollow ground. You can just feel the respect to you. Jimmy, you might be a demigrant. Right. Here's a trivia question for you. How many presidents are buried in Arlington? And who are there? John Kennedy. Yep. I don't know. John Kennedy, yeah, past his grave. And who's the second one? Um, A blanket. I don't know. F. T. Little fat test. You're having good look at every tomb and call your back. Three days. A blanket. I said A blanket. You already made me. I already gave the kids a rose of them. I would take your door. Cast. You already said Tafya. So Ricky, how many miles did you bike of the trip? Because we John, they were trying to figure out what you're doing. Because you've got a suburbany, says you've been driving. Yes, but at time I got, I had a breakdown in P. Westwood, the trailer. Right. Got it fixed when I got to Kingston, Georgia, about a hundred miles south of Savannah, broke again. Then I got it. I made it to Savannah. Got it. We welded. When I crossed the lines from South Carolina to Georgia, I had to ride in a grass for about six miles. They had no shoulders construction going on. After that, I had to ride on. I'm coming trapping because I don't, I don't ride with traffic. I'm free in the market, killed with a mirror. So when the cars are passing, I have to get in a grass. The roads that the shoulders are very uneven. The trailer was bouncing around. It was about to break again. So I made it. A hundred miles that day to Charleston. Then I called it. Let me stop you for a second. John, he rode on the grass for a hundred miles. So sick. You know how hard it is to ride on grass. He's pulling a trailer with him too. Well, he's six. No, no. About half of it was on a grass because I had to get off the road. We caused fast back on the road. Of the road, back on the road. So it was about half. I called my team back home and got there at the voice. We decided I'm not raising anywhere on that country roads. Where nobody's going to see me, I can get hit. So I picked up the suburban. I flew home at five in the morning. Grab this suburban drive right back. Got back in Charleston at four. I picked up my little doll. Oh, wait. Hold on, Ricky. So you flew home to Louisiana. And then you picked you suburban. And I've been you drove the suburban from Louisiana to Charleston back to Charleston. How long did that take? But it was about a 24 out 25 miles. I had it. Let me ask you a question. Did you sleep at all in that 24 hours? I pulled over for about 30 minutes because the road was getting blown. How the fucking did you stay awake? Red Bull. Red Bull doesn't work after a while. I got news here. That's insane. That's insane. That's insane. Even biking and biking. And then you go back and you drive 24 hours straight. And you have to be in on a bicycle up to 14 hours a day. Sometimes driving was nothing. You're America. You're a miracle person. I don't even know how you're doing. I thought Mr. G was crazy. John, I really think that Ricky could could outbattle Mr. G in any kind of endurance event. That's what we should be promoting. Not a fight between him and big land. Yeah. Rick. I don't even should fight. I don't even want to create some kind of endurance obstacle course that they've got to do. Ironman course. Yeah. But not stuff you got to do like climbing walls and shit. You got to make something like it'll probably become a new sport. You know, when we're done with the 20 pound plate carry on. Yeah. You know what the Ricky's a little young. Yeah. I was just swimming in shit. Is George Ricky can you surf? No. I was fall down. That's a great idea. We don't have waves there. That's a little alligator. How about alligator wrestling? And the name and Mr. G. Russell and alligator. And come and come and catch. I've caught him since I was kids. I know how this thing works. I think it's interesting. And Rick would be great in a reality show, you know, Santa Mat and like the the wilderness together. How funny was that thing? I would like to see that. Yeah. That would be awesome too. As long as he brings me some cookies. No. Yeah. You guys Lee cookies exclusively the whole the whole time. Yeah. to me. Think about it. You know that movie. You have a show survivor. Just don't eat pig. Mr. G and Ricky together. John, you probably go to that show too. Because you know how to do all the like fires and stuff like that and you know, survive. I think Ricky and Mr. G would be hysterical together out there and survive. I agree. Maybe so. Everyone's been searching energy. Maybe swimming like laps and in the ocean, you know. How about you drop them off on a desert island and like naked in a freight. And they got to survive. They probably went. They could if you have big lighting was there. Then they probably rose up Mr. Big lighting and eat them from fuck them. The dinner. Guys, that's a race that I want to do next year. It's like five days in the wilderness. You got a bike kayak. You got to use a compass, no cell phone. It's called the ECO Challenge. Ultimate expedition race. Let me have a. That's the ultimate ultimate. I don't think you can be beaten Ricky because you know what, you just don't stop. You don't death doesn't deter you at all. That's a get a known fact. It comes to you. Well, when I was getting my polished license, I got about 140 hours of flying. I was flying as a coal pilot with a pipeline guy. I was landing a plane. Everything he would sleep. But when he told me to go by myself, I went down a runway. I turned around. I'll just go back and get out of the way. I was like, well, you're going to say that quit. I was too scared to solo. There's one thing I'm afraid of. Hi. Well, if you saw when you're flying, you died. That's why I don't. That's just natural. If you like that. Me too, man. Fuck heights. Holy shit. $20,000 worth of flying school. And I, um, I bailed. It's probably good. It's probably good. It's housing my younger days. And I probably would end up flying in the Mexico. There's some no good product. I think he's smuggling the Mexican pork into the United States. John, that's why we're all going to land to our government. And given it out to Olympic. Yeah. Have a great weekend. Much of the people. They, you know, they should at least get Patrick Arnold to make the Mexican pork. At least they won't be able to detect the stuff, you know. Right. Me fake me. It'd be pork. That might be just code word for DACA. Mexican pork, right? You want the Mexican pork? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The clear. Who Patrick's a three Patrick's definitely a Trump heir. Oh, yes. Guys, I want. No, yeah. He goes off. Get a bit. But, uh, my home with people. I'm seeing in DC. Yeah. It's unreal. Really. Because then it's a Tyler. There's tents on the side of the street. A block away from the White House and look. Pins of hanging out. The new is completely closed off. We guards in police. Not military, but police guards in front. So you can't welcome to the White House gate. It's completely. I've seen about 20 helicopters yesterday. Today flying over DC everywhere. Military. Close guard on. Alice. Why is that? I don't know. I don't know. Ever since what happened. Um. With the. The call. Overreacting to the fake shit that happened. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. I'm guessing it's sex. You know, oh, because. There's no reaction. It's a reaction, shit. Meanwhile, San'tita, sleep in those fucking tents. They're a bunch of homeless kids. Very sweet. Sergio, you can't do this. You know, gold, shit. But that is hard. It's gonna take and shit and coffee cans and stuff like that. Fuck in each other. Do not. Should all day. I don't know. I don't know when. You know. And then at night, they get fuck a money to go out. money to go out if act like savages. That's exactly what that is. Anything of fucking Trump supporters or fucking red meat? I stopped with the Trump already. All right. Now we know what's here about the political views right now. That's another show. Ricky, when you're in the capital now in Washington, D.C. Okay. What are you showcasing? What do you, I mean, I know you're going to visit the homeless people and the veterans and stuff like that. You can get Tyler to look on his Facebook. He can pull up that video to the Central. So people can see I'm just making laps everywhere. We don't know you. We saw you riding the bike around the capital area. Yeah. What I'm doing at the past, I mean, hey, what are you doing? And I tell them what I've seen with the homeless veteran. Everything like that. I'm just getting the word out of a couple of YouTube. I said, pick me up. That while here, they, they, they, they, when got it, got a travel in channel with biking, you know, I'm just, it kind of fell through with the Congressman. I told you, why, we're not getting that's actually, we made the stripper comment or something that. Yeah, because I posted a picture of a strip club on my personal page. In the keys, it was called Woody's. It said, all new girls, subs and pizza. And I said, wow, I'm not going to place. And, uh, it's a, it's pretty ironic that the Congressman that you know, probably, you know, don't owe these illicit, you know, prostitutes and stuff like that. Now, I probably, because with guys, that's why we're having a problem. Ricky, make a joke about the club club. If it was a gay bar, it shit that said, it will move pizza and thought, I mean, the pizza and fuck and whatever, the Congressman would have been like, you know, where is that exact? Yeah, that's what. Yeah, CNN's league of journalists. CNN's legal analyst, Jeffrey Tubin got caught masturbating in a zoo called right with his colleagues. And he's back on the air. Wait, Ricky, what I want to do is have you had anybody give you trouble? Like if anybody like, yo, you got a lot of nerve, right now, that's flat. You know, because there's a lot of flag haters out there, man. I don't think I look like the type that they know would just keep going. Yeah, the boy fucking shoot. Ricky looks pretty dangerous today. I would stay away from him probably too. He's probably got a lot of people with people at him, like, and I'll like, right on. Yeah, that's what I would say. That's not a lot of people, man. I see a lot of, look like a bunch of the secret service guys. You can tell that look, they somebody, because I went around a pin of gun and it's pretty in shape guys while jogging around with each turntown. And it was all like giving me thumbs up and stuff. So I'm pretty sure it hurts. Couple of them look like yes, have guys with the beard and stuff. Well, I think that's what you're pulling around your pulling the trail of behind you. You know, they want to make sure you don't have a bomb in there or something like that. You know, I'm sure of it. Yet he acted like they want to say hi. He's like, got some kind of little meat of tech. Yeah, this can you know, like, yeah, they did a carcass rally. I surprised they didn't know. I mean, I'm a trail of them. You know, all my gears and the whole thing. They don't know that. You drive around with it. Right. Yeah, so I surprised they didn't pull you over. Like, sure it's your dad and you know, see what you got at the back. You know, you're really. No, but I tell you what, I didn't take no pictures close to the pinnagon because they have a sign. No photos. I took a picture of sign and that was it. I picked the phone up. I don't want to get no trouble. You know, I said, I'm waiting. Are you driving to New York now, too? Yes, I'm going to train with Mr. Jumgons. You're jamming the bull and and go on. I want to go train a couple days of Mr. J and then I'm going to head back to the bayou. I just signed a contract for a fight. September 25th in Louisiana. Jimmy, I want you to make it and I'm donating the promoter agreed to donate a percentage of ticket ticket sales to my non profit to help the homeless vets. And I'm donating everything I make to it as well as a raising money during the fight. So then, so veterans day, I'm going to try to break my my wallet. I've done 120 in a day already with the trailer. I'm going to get on my fast bike and I have a police escort. I'm going to try to do 225 miles. Oh, that is the fight non stop. Wow, that's crazy. You know, I think John, I think I might have solved Mr. G's labor, you know, his cookie problem with producing enough cookies. If Ricky comes up to see if Mr. G puts Ricky Ricky into the warehouse for, like, six hours, he could probably produce enough cookies for the next year. Mr. G. Probably, he's right. His productivity is going to be way better. Tell you seven reasons why that can't possibly happen. Why? Who knows, you got to let him cool the one. I probably can't. Can you imagine Ricky in that warehouse, he'd be whipping our cookies left the right Mr. G couldn't even package him fast enough, probably. Tell you, hey, when I was cutting trees up in a hurricane, I worked the most 90 days by myself 12 hours a day, no days off because I can't have people work with me. And I'm fast enough. Get aggravated. You want to go sit on, you don't have to drop a drone. No one wants to be a radio. They don't want to get their freaking head cut off with that chain. So you got it. People, yeah. Especially when he went to a relationship with the wood. Ricky single handedly cut down the entire forest, John. I got no balance. I was cutting trees. When I was cutting trees, I threw my big chains to one of my workers because he was smoking this the metro. You know what, if you took that chain so down here, you'd make a fortune because in my neighborhood, we got so many trees. They always hiring these guys. It's like a thousand dollars a day. These guys get to cut trees down. I think a lot of money. Yeah, you're missing the, you got to move to place the expensive in countries. Even where I live at. Ones. I was getting up in the brand of cake. What? We ran a day at this time. But look, I'm so long. I'm selling on my equipment, my protection stuff is picking back up and not a dissidies open again. Oh. Okay. What are you charging for? What are you charging the bodyguard someone for the day? We're just a burden. I got right now 600 plus tips and I get a lot of tips because the drug. Did he get the moody tip me? Right. Are you guys, but I'm about to buy a brand new escalate. All right. It's a big suburban version and now I'm going to charge 129 because it's luxury. And you know what people don't realize these celebrities are in danger. I mean, they really need someone to guard them because there's a lot of crazy cookie people. You see, I don't have you saw on TMZ, maybe tell a poll it up. Kendall Jenner is always getting these nut cases trying to break into our property. To say, you know, constantly, constantly. If she didn't have people working there, security, she'd be in, you know, they could, you know, tell this poor girl. I mean, I feel bad for them. She doesn't have her. She's just putting Nancy Pelosi at the front door. She's a fucker street fighter. Yeah, right. Dude, what are you doing watching him fucking Kardashians? That's what I want to know. I know. I watched TMZ. I don't watch. I got to ask you. My girlfriend's fucking obsessed with that shit. Yeah. Oh, my god. Kim Kardashian got a new fucker. Whatever. And I'm like, I don't give you shit. Who cares? What Kim Kardashian gets is more shots and rest is what she gets. Oh, no shit. Well, she's like a trainee. Big try. I'm like this with skinny legs. Go to the fucking leg. Fucking fucking fucking fucking. You think you think about his fake shot? Oh, for sure. What? You think about the Chinese, Greg? Are you kidding me? Our buddies is making this a $3 bill. What do they got? I think you think it's an implant? Spat. They suck the dude Brazilian butt lift. They suck the fat out and shove it in your ass. Then they get fucking silicone shots and that shit. Can I do that with my teeth? But who would want a food? What a fabulous thing. Now, me, I'd say what it's all about. I'm sure the age, he surely dates black guys and they love fat ass. Oh, yeah, not me, bro. Greg only likes skinny butts. No, guys. I used to buy a go on a little way. I did a couple of times into all of it. Him and many fresh and little Wayne love marijuana and white women with big asses. They all do it. When you come up with it, Ricky. All I'm wrapped. Ricky, what are you coming up here? I'm going to be in Baltimore tonight at a 22nd. And I'm driving up Greg. Can I come by you, Lodge, man? Are you far from those guys? He's far. I actually, if you're a Mr. G's, let me know. I might come down here. I'd love to meet you, brother. I'd love to meet you, brother. Absolutely. I would love to be great. Don't go crazy. Between me and Mr. G, we're all not. We get Jimmy there, forget about it. Yeah. Yeah, I'm a homologian. I would feel money. Hell, money. I don't need it. Oh, shit. John, I'm pretty good. And it comes to you, brother. Ricky, you know what? Ricky, what I think you should do is when you go see Mr. G, maybe we can get a little sparring session, get someone to hold the camera. I want you to assess Mr. G's, you know, fighting, you know, prowess. Yeah, I want to hold a midsbym because I know, I mean, I'm a, I come from old school. I want you in the ring with them. I want you to get in the ring, grapple with them. See how he is, you know, see, I want you to give us a fair assessment. Because you're, I mean, you're, you're, you're a high class or a high level fighter. I want you to see how Mr. G would fare like in a fight against someone, you know, maybe, you know, that big land is not going to be much competition. I'm just saying if Mr. G really was as far as fighting potential goes, you know. Just remember, a stand up. I'm wrong game makes it best. Remember, in Thailand, it called me white Tyson. Yeah. That a boy. But because I break it, I fight the, the more I die guys, I would close my distance quick because I didn't want them to be a little bastard to kick me in the late. They kick hard. I was like, Oh, yeah. Since maybe grab the back of my head to clinch so he can name me. Well, we made do that. I take a step back and dig to the body and that break the ribs. Then he scream, I feel really bad about it. So, we're getting this and we're question, when you come to New York, I leave you all the more to 20 second. I'm headed to y'all. You tell me when. Oh, okay. I don't know how for that. What is that like five hours? Who's on the way first? You a Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Thomas River man by the fuck of this. He's in Jersey. Eight miles away. He's all week down by the South Shore. He's in South Jersey. I don't know. I don't know. I'm not an expert. I'm not used to the first Ricky and then you go to Jimmy. Because he's the, he's South. Yeah. George, right? Yes. What about Jimmy? Pick up Jimmy. He drive back through. We see a drop you off the Johns. So you're visiting him and you're flat back. I know Johns looks shut with me. I didn't make it out there. I got a lot of shit going on. Well, you actually didn't make it out there, Jimmy, for what? 12 hours? Well, when? What? When you didn't trip down the Florida where I missed you. When I was getting my surgery. Oh, yeah. No. I stopped the Johns. I thought he was right off the highway. It was like fucking floor. I was more fucking fucking. Well, yeah. The fact that you stopped him. He drove really far to see me. Yeah. I did, bro. That was like, no. I got up 95. So let me miss you, John. I figured you were like, maybe hit my way. Fuck it out. You know what? You look at a map and you're like, South Carolina is not that big. It's just like a little, you know, if you go with, that's not the South. It's quick. But if you start going to the west, you can get this on trouble, you know? Yeah. I just, what I did. I looked at Johns town with the map. I should have said that. I did. I fucking, I fucking, I was fucking out. I was, man. I got to South Florida water. We'll go and come out of the house and it's on the way. I was in, I was in, I went to John and then I headed to more head beach. I went there to, I went there to, I went to a woman's better as they was last Saturday. I had to do a show. Yeah, it was there for a year. Yeah, it was there for a year. Yeah, it was there for a year. Yeah, it was there for a year. I was down there for a year down at Camp Lysian. We call the Camp Lines weenie. But that's, we station it for whole year. I was a camp guy, a two down the street man. Doing, doing climate trees. It's a ship for training. Because we got a, I was in, communication. So we got to run wire into a tree top. So the tanks of ship over on the mountain, cut them on us, you know? So I went to that wire school was rough man. So a lot of guys dropped off that pole man. That was bad. And like, like, How do I say? Give me the day as we did those people die for one of those poles? No, what happened was those those telephone poles. They change them like I think once a year or every six months, they get you have to climb the poles with gas. Right. So after after a few classes, you know, like, you know, like, I think six weeks, these class or I forget what it was. But after like the very classes all splendid. The poles completely split it up. Right. And you still got a climate with that, you know, you got to use the belt, the climb up of the pole. Yeah. And then you got to twist it hang off it. And this sometimes the guys on GIF. And they go down the fucking pole. Yeah. Happ on. You know, and all of this gets, you guys split this from your balls to the bottom of your shiit man. All of the people. They got an ambulance down there ready to take your wigs. You're a fucking wood split. There's all of them fucking fucking. I mean, fucking it's killer killer. I see. I see you guys fall off the top of the pole 60 50 feet man or just take it on GIF. And they weren't shot in and just, like, we're right down. They had like a better chips on the bottom. But still, you know, I mean, 50 feet into a better chips doesn't really do very much. I would think. Hey, really, I doesn't really do too much. My guys are wiping out. It was, you know, the scariest thing is when you're up on a pole and you skid shit too. And also in the guy next year, because the poles aren't that far. I know. So you see the guy next year just go, you know, you watch the guy and you go lowly. You know, I mean, like, so you get even more scared because you know, you just want to get fucking. You don't break your legs or anything like that in full of those things. No, they got this really deep chips on the bottom, man. So the guy just hit it just like a big bed of, you know, wood chips, you know, yeah. So I think it does cushion it. But you get hurt. You don't think it hurt. The pens I, you know, you got GIFs on. Those are your phone with fucking GIFs on it. It's stabby self and cut your leg. It's stabby. My son used to do that and then have to go through another pole. You go for one pole because there was a rope. My son was an army intelligence. But when he was doing all that shit, I did that to the call that I called that a monkey bridge. That's a monkey bridge. Call that. Yeah, I did that to the one rope to another pole, then to another one rope. We had two. We had two ropes. So you hold on one and you got to get three. You got to get three. Yeah, you got to cross my de-guys just to fuck them. You used to go across the river. They used to grab the rope and fucking go like this. When I was in the middle of it. That's a, they fuck me to hold three months and I was like, Nowadays they call that ninja warrior training. Yeah. Oh, that's what they call it. Yeah. Your feet are all one rope. It's almost like, yeah, one rope. Yeah, you got one rope out of bottom and you got one rope in the top of your hold on my rope. And then you're on the bottom. But you know, the rope goes like this though. I got to be, you got to have to have some balance. I mean, I got, I got pitches of my son up there when he was doing all that shit. You know, I, I envy anyone who can go up that high. I've never problem with the height. It is crazy. I, anyone can handle the height. I don't know, I take a shit. I do, you can't turn drop down. You've got to climb the eighth frame. You know, the eighth frame is on a, on a tilt. You got to go up there with the fucking rope. Then you got to reach out for the rope and you got to repel it down. But you got to get up there first. And then you got to reach for the rope. The rope's a little far away. So you should get your pants. It's like I, I, invagous that the closest thing I can even give. And this is not even close to what you guys did. Invagous. They have a one, the, the old strip. They got to go up this tower and elevator and there's a line. And you go, you can repel down the hole, the whole street on this line on like a zip line almost. I don't have a truck made to do it, but I did it. And I was so scared that when I got off the thing, when it finally went the whole distance of thing, I got down my whole, I was shaking like this my whole nervous is I couldn't stop my body shaking. I mean, literally, I, my nervous, I was running through shots of vodka to calm down. I couldn't stop. When you were, were you jacked in was that when you were. I wasn't that big. This was like 2012 or something like that, but okay. I was, I was, I'm telling you my whole nervous system was completely shot because it was, I was so traumatized by the height and what, and the speed with which I was moving along the zip line. Uh, I couldn't stop it myself. I was like, it was weird because it's like I, I guess it's a control thing with me. I don't like to let go of the control, but at the same time it's also very, very scary. When you're looking down the street and, and if you fall, you're dead essentially mean. And you're sitting at a swing essentially that the hardest cabal, the belly, whole you in there, you know. Hey, you don't remember that when we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, what this you for that movie with, uh, with Joel, it, with Joel, Schulmocker. Yeah, I didn't do that part if you noticed. I, I, I, I, I, excuse myself from climbing the, the, the, the, the, the, uh, castle. Right. Yeah, we had a climb that fucking thing. I don't know what it was, man. It was, it was like a steel, Gerda, uh, set up. It looked like monkey bars that went about. Oh, yeah, yeah. And it was like a, it was raining out. It was soaking wet and I weighed 320 pounds. I was like, there's no fucking way I'm climbing up this thing. I know I'm going to fall and tell myself, it was, it was a scaffold. It was a fucking scaffold. Yeah, so it was, yeah, you know what, they wanted to jump into a hole. Yeah, right. And the funding was the, they only needed five guys to do it. There was like 10 of us there. I'm like, you know what, I'm getting paid the same thing where they're doing it or not. You guys have fun. That was crazy. You jumped down that hole all night. You know what, you guys were doing it for three hours. Go down this thing. No, you know what happened to you. So when we jumped down that hole, right. They had these giant cushions down there. But they were like, they were like, move together. So they were scenes, you know, in between these giant cushions. So when everybody was, when one guy jumped down, he got stuck in the scene. Get out. So the next guy came down and stopped before you know, we have four, five guys. We're just fucking pulling on each other because nobody could get out of the seams. And we were filming this by the way, like three, four in the morning. Because everything was there. Right. So there, it's raining out their outside. They're doing this for like four hours. I was sitting inside a craft services eating for four hours straight. I think I added about 10 pounds of muscle that week. We filmed. They had a lot of food there, man. That was great food too. It's amazing food. That was cool, man. That was that they shot that part was filmed that. Wall Street. The name, no, that was the, the, the naval, the naval institute. Wasn't it? But maybe that's why that's why I filmed on there with Jim Kair. I read that. Yeah, but I'm saying we were on Wall Street, Dex. Yeah, that big bowl, you know, the bowl was, Yeah, right, right, right. Yeah, I forgot. Yeah. It was fun time, Steph. All right, George, George small is calling me. Yeah, I don't know where George is. I don't know why. He just called me. Maybe because he didn't get a hold on. Right. Yeah, we let him just come and say a lot on the move. Hang up on him. Let me see if I can find him here. He just called me. Is he a Florida? I think I've got to send it away. I probably might. I can choose. I just, I was on the phone a couple days ago. I think he usually, usually he harassed him. He was trying to come back. I knew what he was like telling me about the flight. It is, I think he was getting, I wanted to ask him how he was cooking his fucking cookies. If he's a Florida, he's been talking. Who's running in the cookie shop? I asked him the same thing. What was his answer, John? That he was, I don't know what his answer was. Probably he's on autopilot or something. Oh, no pilot yet. Where's George? Is he here? He had said this. Yeah, yeah, he had people helping him. He's looking good. He's looking good. That kid might, that I got him introduced to him. He brought him, I think, where did him? I think that kid might be down there with him. I think so. That's fucking crazy. George is the only person I know shuts down the business and he wants to travel. That's how I got to play this. I got to fend like that. Down three months. All right, I got to wrap this up, guys. I got to have a stuff to do today. Um, no. Well, Jimmy, I'm glad you're back. I thought you were in a maybe depression. I'm glad you came back this week. We missed you. Yeah, man. Yeah, I had some shit I wanted. You guys, you know, I had some stuff I wanted to talk about. Well, we do it next week because, you know, Rick was on the show and everything. All right. I got, I got some good stuff to talk about next week. We gave you the option when we first got in a new way when you weren't talking. Well, you guys were talking. You know, I look, I'm respectful. You know, I'm all school. I'm respectful. So you guys involved in the conversation. Sometimes when I'm in a rare mood, I bust in at a given fuck. We're talking about. But I give you a little respect this time. Ricky, keep us the great work. If you need anything, let me know. And good luck and be safe on your drive up to New York. God bless you, Ricky. All right, guys. Because she's so proud of us. You guys, love you all, man. You guys love me, bro. All right, guys. That's going to take us to the end of this episode or after hours. I'm day polo for the entire WAC pack. We'll see you next time. Take care. Take care, guys. See you guys later. See you in the talk later, John.