Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X-Box, our 30-year-in-a-row, and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry with a low-car caulk tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods, Muscle in the Morning! On day polumbo and today is Wednesday September 9th, 2020, and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Ladies and gentlemen, it's Wednesday, and you already know what the deal is, so let's get right down to business by recapping last weekend's New York pro. In the men's open, Ian Valier finally nailed it, earning the biggest win of his career, and clenching a harder into limpia qualification in the process. In the two-twelfth vision, there was a tight battle between Voluus and Jason Low, but in the end, Louis went on the getting the nod to score his first win of the year. Logan Franklin called his shot a few weeks ago, a lot of people thought he was crazy, but he had the last laugh here as he earned his first win as a classic physique competitor. And women's bodybuilding veteran Mila Ash crossed over from the women's physique division for the first time, and walked right into a huge win. Heading into the show, we said Nicole's an Obiagram was the one to watch and figure, and she made us look smart again by cruising to the easy victory. And the Keenea Tiles Santiago got out to an early lead and never looked back looking great in her first show since the restart. And last but not least, was the amazing Rachel Daniels who walked up her first career win in women's physique with a really special performance. There was also a ton of action on the amateur end last weekend, including another huge turnout for the North American championships where Gary Eudit and his crew did an amazing job pulling that whole thing together at the last minute. The only place to start here is the men's open, where men's overall winner Nick Walker put on one of the most dominating performances in a pro qualifier that we've seen in the last decade. The classic physique group was highlighted by two athletes, Brady King and Duke Juan Hinton, who both looked like they could make an impact at the next level within the next year or two. Men's physique, Darrell Bryant, and Alexander Toplan managed to separate themselves from the pack with two really rounded efforts as they graduated on to the next level. On the women's side, we're starting with bodybuilding and the runaway performance of the overall winner, Jen Schmidt, who is easily the best in the show here. In the Keenea division overall winner Christina Heath is a name to remember. She's going to be a good one and figure two athletes really jumped out to me, Tara Vasuzin, who won the class A and Jessica Hoots, who looks like she could easily be a potential wellness crossover at some point down the road. Speaking of wellness overall winner is Ebel Annunez, who looks like she'll be an interesting addition to the next year, along with fitness overall winner Daniel Margarrell. And we're wrapping up our coverage here with women's physique where Pamela Kenfeld showed shades of a young Natalie Quaylo on her way to the easy win. I know all the parents out there will rejoicing now that the eternal summers finally over and hits her back in school. And for all of you bodybuilders out there who are looking to learn something, yet your notebooks and your pencils out because Rafa Bryant Day is giving out a lesson over the last week or so, Rafa's released a handful of photos that stirred up some buzz thanks to him showing off a classic size and shape combo that's made him one of the most exciting athletes in body building these last few years. As of now, Rafa still has yet to go on record about what show he might be targeting. But just based on his conditioning, you'd imagine that he must have something lined up between now and October. And if we do get a rejuvenated Rafa 3.0, all dialed in and ready to rumble, he seems like a lot to earn one of the last few remaining Olympia nods. Unfortunately for Toronto, Rafa stands your team fell flat on their faces Monday and game four against the Celtics. But if Nick Nurs can manage to pull some strings, it might not be too late to bring in my man, Ragan Grimes for a little bit of muscle off the bench. Right now, Ragan's five weeks out from the Europa Pro and Alacant they Spain, and according to the latest reports, this version is set to be his best one yet. There's so much on the line at this show in Spain that it's essentially a boomer bus situation for everyone in the lineup, which means that Ragan needs to drop the hammer if he wants to secure one of the qualification spots that are up for grabs. That said, 100% Ragan Grimes is a thought that gives a lot of people nightmares. So all he has to do is show up and bring it because that alone should be enough to push them into contention. And that does it at another edition of Muscle in the Morning on Daypalumbo reminding you to always be true to your passions to make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.