It's the weekend here at Musselin the Morning and I'm day polo and today is Friday August 3rd, 2018 and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Don't ask me how this is possible but I'm still one of the 50 people left on the planet. We'll be at to see the movie Black Panther. But luckily for me I managed to get a look at what 212 stand out Thomas Anderson did last week. So now I feel like I'm pretty much up to speed. Last week in Anderson hit the station full black Panther mode as the featured guest poseer at the NPC Knox Classic. We're fans in the building. Got a chance to see up close and personal but a real life superhero looks like. Based on the photos and video Anderson looks like he's walking around bigger and leaner than I've seen him. Maybe ever. And with a bunch of shows still left on the schedule between now and the end of the year. You can't help but wonder if he might think about jumping in somewhere to see how he stacks up. Sometimes you can learn a lot about a person from creeping on their Instagram page. And the thing we learned this week is that classic physique star Chris Bumstead is fixing the kick some butt at this year's Olympia. Six weeks out from making his second straight trip to the Olympia stage the current number two ranked athlete on the planet is still in the gym training like a man who has every intention of evening up the score with Breonna and Zleen Vegas next month. I think taking the early part of the season off was probably a good strategy for Bumstead, given the fact that he's been dealing with a few nagging injuries on and off last year. So hopefully now that he's healthy and fully loaded we've got to see round two of last year's epic showdown go down to the wire again like it did last season. Apparently Chris Bumstead isn't the only 20-something Canadian Classic physique all star looking to make a title run because 2018 New York pro champ, rigging rhyme seems like he's ready to step up and get an on a piece of the action too. Six weeks out from his first trip to the Olympia the first classic physique crossover looked as dangerous as ever in his latest update. Count for pound I think what we saw him do earlier this year was one of the more impressive performances we've seen from anyone in the division all season long and as long as he keeps playing to his strengths I have a hard time believing that he won't somehow manage a top three or better performance before it's all set and done. Once you have kids you start to realize how crazy it is that each person has their own little individual look and Michael Lock and is definitely one of those people who's got a unique look to him. The veteran pro is six weeks away from making his second straight trip to the Olympia stage after that blazing performance he had back at the Chicago pro a few weeks ago where he scored the third win of his career. When you see him put it all together like he did there you realize that this guy is one of the few people at this level who might actually still have some room to grow and develop but to something even more special. So don't be surprised to see Michael Lock it fighting it out for a top ten or better placing of Olympia time. I don't know why but this year feels like we've had a lot of fresh new faces take the podium at one time or another in the fitness division and rumor has that the one of those fresh faces might be considering a change of scenery at some point here in the near future. Earlier this week we caught word that two time Olympium, Misty Farrell was tossing around the idea of making the jump over to figure at some point this year after she's done with her Olympia run. If you're a fan of the fitness division it's probably doesn't come as a huge shock considering the fact that Farrell's probably got some of the best genetics and overall proportions in the division. But that being said it is in every day that you see athletes making the jump from fitness over to figure either. Whether or not there's any truth to the rumor still remains to be seen. But don't be shocked if she's stunned to figure worlds by making an immediate impact from the moment she steps. Another edition of the muscle in the morning. On day full of limbo reminding you the always be sure to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.