10th and 9th You're one and only who? They're ready for two guys who can't handle the truth The truth you can't handle the true worth we can't be humble Chris Asito Our explosive dot com presents every muscle Leave your watch out Welcome to another episode of Heavy Muscle radio on Dave Palo and I'm joined as always Five of the technician Paris Cicito August 17th, 2020 evening and Chris We're inching closer and closer To the New York Prog, as you could say That's not in New York now It's in Tampa as we mentioned on a previous show Also the North American championships are going to be that weekend We have like a I would call it super like a super Saturday weekend Come on up kind of like super Tuesday I do want to say Dave that our pre game show which we You do not record Is better than the actual TV show That's going away Why? Because it's it's it's we call ourselves the truth and mind of the link And we do tell the truth but Not really we don't tell the whole truth And that's the truth Go to the truth is the truth is we don't really We talk it with the truth We just don't mention some things you know That are two truth I feel like a politician You're too terrible Yeah, yeah, I feel like a politician like a pre game Get ready to give a big speech and they thought before they won't give the speech Talks about all the ice and asshole Oh, yeah, that guy's an asshole to Oh, he's a car that guy's an idiot And then he gives the speech and you know, it's like It's a nice flowery motivating speech So we have our pre game show where Dave fills me and on all the drama That's happened in the world of body of the From East Coast to West Coast all over Europe and beyond I don't even know anything anymore Oh, they give you something like Bob Gross can now I don't know anything He's on excite and chills I do know one thing Gary you did is got the North somehow managed to pull off this North American I first he did it and I have to I have to I have to I got in the back I'm sure he got turned out at every hotel to have this thing Because of the whole COVID and you know because the North American is like a thousand people could be in the show There's no way with all these regulations they got about you know people congregate There's no way no spread over two weeks he couldn't do it the right way So you know what we'll hold it outside So they give they get it they have a big tent It's going to pick a circus probably which is but bodybuilding the circus anyway Yeah, I can only I only hope why wonder if they can put air conditioning I guess nowadays they could do air conditioning inside I guess they have a you know I've seen that happen or yeah, they have AC intense at weddings and in Saudi and Kuwait Yeah, they see anything It's your patron in the show that it's doing you know these are the two shows the North American the North Americans I think we kid off air that it was going to go on the matter what we didn't know how But you know that show was grown into like the most massive colossal show Right and we were speculating on how or where they're going to have in it because I think the hotel had changed or something But the idea and let's say it pour us like crazy to have it outside under a tent is you know Even if it rains, it's just a whole tent I just if it's very hot No, we're already getting into September so and Pittsburgh September might not be that warm Absolutely human there, yeah But yeah, humidity doesn't do well for tans I'm just going to say we might have tans issues tans that was on the show That's the only thing I could think of the tan could tans could run and something that so It might be a little but he has it you know they haven't spaced out so like over four days and then of course They kind of text you which is great before your class I guess to give you time to get back there and so they don't want people congregating So it's it's like when I when I tell people you know when I go to the doctor's office now I love it because they don't want too many people in the waiting room So you literally when you come in for your appointment They take you almost immediately it's like there's no waiting anymore And that's I think what the show is going to be like they really want you at the show Until you're ready to go on stage So you can kind of hang out in your hotel room I guess you know relax eat they give you a text out I got to go down for the show okay down there within 20 minutes you're on stage and then and you're done And they're doing the finals of pre-charging together People who have last minute giving up their arms can really time it well Look at this text Okay, stop in the show So you get judged and then they actually give you the you know you do your night routine and then you're done It's like old one shot your whole all this this you know the whole weekend is It basically has been reduced for each competitor down to about about an hour Yeah, so Great Yeah Pretty soon they should just you know you should just be able to just pay for your pro card You don't even go They'll judge you virtually I think if you if you get two seconds it's like we said it's like first class in cattle class If you get two second place like at a national level show like say their nationals You might you should be able to maybe like I You can probably evolve on the prices right of one of those shows And in cattle class sometimes they'll say you know anyone we have one more ticket left And we'll see first class in one one of a great last minute pay 150 bucks So if you get second in the national three times You can pay like free granted move up we kid around But you know what these are such freaking weird times right now and you know what I you got a hand at the gallery I'm sure he's having a nervous ten nervous breakdowns trying to make this thing happen probably every every week The changing the rules he's got to move hotels he's got to move I mean that's that's a monstrosity of a show You really don't want to have to be moving around You know they had to check comfortable situation with the shared in station square there everything used to be comfortable Right I remember you get right you get a fielivator crescent you like literally a hundred feet from Going into the ballroom there, which is where they had the show and I remember when I used to go back Going back to the early 2000s when I was going to that show I and I even before that I went to but I'm saying when I would go there It was so comfortable it was like it was like just like a relaxing environment It was like you you walked out of the dining area there and you're in like the ballroom and you're watching the show And it's it's everyone is in a good mood there They're more friendly because it's all like you know masters And at least that was when they had the masters nationals North American has open end masters But you just think to get along if that show It's a it's a more laidback I'm except when I got choked up by Jim and that one time there For I You know you remember when I was with a collet they thought that she was tanning people in the room And Because you know the someone had an exclusive or something down the tanning there's no tanning in the hotel But she wasn't she had like a note under door that she was tanning people in another hotel Which is the truth but we were staying in the host hotel So I guess they got bad information someone tried to write a sad sound I'm gonna say trouble something like that some carry must have told Jim and Jim he's like Y'all on it me, you know I'm like Jim first of all wasn't even me, but I'm like Jim he's like I want you guys you know Like Jim we didn't she wasn't tanning anywhere So I was he pointed at me and so I got to talk to you You know and it's like embarrassing me and front of everyone's I pointed back at him And I said I got to talk to you because I heard that he was looking for us And he didn't like that so he came running to the camera and he's like I was big at this time So I was really big Was it resolved amicably? Yeah, he was even he apologized to me actually after because he you know he got bad information Nothing should have junked me anyway, but I he was over the he actually had a colonoscopy coming up And he was the following day or something like that two days later It was all like nervous season But it was all fine I had a lot of you know Jim and I you know we have the same birthday that's we have this commonality that we're always you know We text each other each was birthday and and I think it's sometimes we have like we we clash because we we think alike, you know That's dangerous sometimes you know They could be only one person who's you know in charge and gyms and charge so I have a lot of ideas You know that sometimes those I do just say you know They don't go over so well, so well, so well, you know I mean When you said you guys get the same birthday then that's the same obviously Zoni axon and you both created Yeah, yeah What did you do? What did you do? Jim created you made the whole thing Oh, that's yeah Pring this one thing into what it is today Well look going you've created I don't know what I've created Oh, you got species you've got Yeah, I guess so You did our ex muscle you got YouTube you got snakes Yeah, you got kids later in life you're killing it Yeah, well, you do the same thing you got your own little Your own little real estate empire that might be going up in the dust If they're not going to end this Don't end this COVID thing you like the You know, it's going to finish you said it's for you You're going to say it's going to go up and play I'm going to say what do you want to say? Properties I want to maybe see if it can pick up something Yeah, it reduced price Oh my gosh, I'll have to get Alan Dursher was to help me out with a You know The vagar The legal parts Yeah, what's the what's going on with the Miami You got condos those as you've been able to remember No, no, shut down It's not a bit shut down since March Poor Chris think of that It's terrible Yeah Ask anyone who was a Miami Beach condo And asked him how much the H08 Fiasmon What amount of cheese is it? The lowest is a thousand Wow So you're paying that Plus if you have a mortgage and the socks yeah So would do they Does anyone have any idea when they may open up again? This is the slow season for you anyway Probably but No, it's always busy It is even during the summer Yeah, yeah Nobody knows There's nobody has any forward vision On what's happening in Miami Beach Because Miami Beach is right It's an international city Right So it's like you know No one's traveling internationally Yeah Yeah, no one's but at the same time that that's why COVID is COVID Because you got to mix of people who did travel You know and out out in Right You know, I will say one thing There's a lot of people we had We had speculated and a lot of people were saying You know the Olympias, there's no You're not going to be any you know European guys in the Olympia What's going to happen? How they can get there I'm not going to say we told them I don't know if they wanted to tell you But there's a loophole I heard that today too Are you getting it? Okay, the loophole that I heard from my source Probably same source of your source He told me that what they're doing these bodyvels Is they're flying to like Dubai And if you hang out in Dubai for two weeks Quarantine yourself, then you can fly anywhere you want Oh no, I heard that they were Oh the night I know what you're talking about The initial DK No Which would be James James Yeah, that's right No, I heard that There was A exemption for like You know I'm commenting in that Say it's competing a big competition I got a big legal case I don't know I think that these guys are just like You know what they're not even trying to go through that route Because so many guys have been shut down Like a Samson doubt it was shut down At the London airport there These guys are just going to go to like Dubai Or Kuwait Hang out there You know train for two weeks at Oxford and Jim And then they'll just fly to the United States Because you can fly from Kuwait here It's only the European flights that are building block There are many things being quarantined I don't know why but it's kind of ridiculous Is that what it was? Yeah Yeah It's like a dozen Trump said Oh tip the tap Okay So I think these guys will figure out a way to get here There seems to be some loopholes Although they're canceling They seem to cancel that I felt bad when I heard about They cancel the Japanese from Japan Pro which is a heady Amigishi show They canceled something else Just got canceled too Japan And I don't know Hong Kong maybe you are not with the Japan And Let's see Oh look at this maximus or they got a Boston Pro It says post-sponed But it's really cancel because it's a post-pandled magazine Yeah Post-poned is only if you need to go ahead I'm going to send I'm going to post-poned pain on my bills Yeah Yeah I don't blame it What's going on with Since I mean I don't even have to know But what's going on with Sean Rodin I don't know Like I said I think that Right if there was a strong case It would have already gone to court Well I'm not saying If I'm sure If I'm sure on Rodin's lawyer And Sean Rodin And I know that I have an alipi that I can possibly be jumping into At the end of the year And you know I know that maybe the case is not strong Against me I want to push to go to trial wouldn't you? I can't push the government to go to trial No but they can't be able to Time-cable hold on The time-cable was exclusively set by me The government Not you The lawyer Right but I thought you I mean you're a I mean you're a real ape as you want No but you have a right to a speedy trial That's that's one of the constitutional rights we have Oh you're a good day It's how do you define speedy? Well I don't it's been going on for two years That's that speedy in my book Well you know what that's that's Why don't you do it in first to get every point in colour The you tar Prosecutor I gotta send Vermont put sicker amount That's a Romano job He was love it Yeah My name is John Romano my wife is a lawyer Right maybe it's a way to write a R&D It makes me exclusively like Oh I'm fine to be able to You know investigate this case I'll be here I'm sure sure and Ron you see He's going back if it's a show I'm sure he wants to go back into the Olympia right and go against him again Well my and you know Sean Roman Yeah Sean Roman goes up against Brandon Curry He's got his hands full Sean Roman goes up against Phil Heath He wins They're white he's say that Because Because Human nature In in in an athlete's mind The best there is the guy who's won at seven straight And in that show that Brandon won No disrespect to Brandon But it is disrespectful at the same time That The previous year's two winners and previous six straight winner Was not there So I don't think human nature being what it is That Sean can rise to the level of Where he needs to rise to To beat Brandon But to beat Phil it's easy for him to rise to that level Well then that's good then that that's so good Of course Excuse me that that road you can do so now You know they're not gonna let me I don't see them letting Road and do the show If his case is not settled and I mean we're right now We're almost in September right we're at the end of August At September October November that's three months I mean the odds of maybe he's going to try out before that I don't know Originally I heard October right Now I don't know if that's why I heard June Originally actually I don't know That day that day passed no one see I got to I don't know I don't know who I wouldn't I guess we should contact Robyn and ask him and why would he be talking about it Maybe he is going to talk in the shop Yeah, maybe I can like Yeah, it's possible It's possible I just love to see him in the show When did you go? Well, what I of course I would What we do know though is if if there was a strong case They would have held that guy into court Eons ago If it was remotely strong Remotely See you're saying to me that if you don't think it's his side delay You think it's this it's the state delay Of course And then the problem with the state is Once did not grant the charges they never ever ever Say oh, we sorry we're going to drop me there's no reason for them to drop them Right Makes him look like fools True True So I do I do I am I guessing that it's a week case I'm guessing that it's ridiculously weak Right But the same answer Since I looked into the girl who made the accusation Was a convicted bank transfer with her entire family I think that played into my decision that she's a crime Well, if it's fine, that way I hope it goes to I hope it goes to my words But I highly highly highly highly highly highly Don't know Yeah, I hope it goes to Charleston I so I had cars posted a picture on His Facebook of him in Montarosa I guess that was Montarosa's wedding it looks like Looks like it Right Me picture man Yeah I miss my car Ed Conner Ed Conner's is kind of like Not main man, oh my thinking of the Box of chocolates Life is like a box of chocolates Far scum He's forced company in that For scum, so many different world events Transpired through forced company movie So many buy building events and so many buy stories and success stories And not so successful stories To see if you can remember right right right right Mike Montarosa born November 8th 1965 I've died the year gold gym was founded Occasionally the year gold gym was founded when he was born He died 8 to 16 oh so that was oh that's why he posted it Okay, so yesterday was the The anniversary at the age of 48 Gone but not for forgotten one of the greatest Physiques and personalities during the golden age of body building You don't have so funny day one time Yeah The Laura and I picked up Somewhere in New York in a limo That Mike was gasposing at With Laura And we had like this three hour drive to go somewhere And I asked Mike How many I'll never forget this How many gasposes have you done Or appearances this year He said this is my 44th consecutive weekend That's crazy right 44 And Mike wasn't charging you know a thousand two thousand You know, it's charging a lot of money Yeah Crazy right Yeah, yeah, you know it his his non-concerning was to He could care less than he had crappy workouts because he enjoyed traveling Meeting people Sure Meeting to see different places Yeah, he was a popular gasposing Very popular Very sad You know, sad when we see the guys like that, you know, die I didn't realize it was 48 I actually thought it was younger But I talked to his wife on occasion She had contacted me after what some story became out And she's she's living up I think about you Really We talked about this before we talked about this But yeah, it's said You know, he was a good guy I used to talk about a lot in the phone We had similar mutual friends This was probably back in the late 90s And We were so loud Yeah It's funny because we didn't really we never hung out in person But we got someone connected us and we used to talk on the phone and just go Yeah, we talked bodybuilding and bodybuilding drugs and supplements and diet And all kinds of stuff And we talked about all the people we knew and come And he was just like, he could talk to anyone That just goes to show you You know, we we this was before, you know, the social media age And you know, where people would just text each other all the time So we we had to get on the actual physical telephone with each other You know Yeah, no, he got along with that He people got along competitors like them Yeah I went like We all liked them Even though he would talk crap about we all liked you You know, you know why they liked him though Because they respect because they were scared of him Because he was he was probably the toughest guy Like old there, even though those guys were like, you know, flex was a Good fight and something then Christian could fight and those guys But Montarazer was just like you could tell he was brutal You know, that no one wanted a mess with him, you know He came from boxing, right, but he was also I think he was a guy who could have himself just to wear his hands, you know, and any capacity, street or in the ring, you know Is that how many guys we've done? There's not any, they don't have to make tough guys like that How ridiculous is back with How about his, his calves and arms? Yeah, when one of you I say Yeah, they say Freakness to both Yeah Couldn't believe Yeah, it's calves so quickly had two words in them They didn't, right? They didn't look real, yeah, I mean it was a bit like, well they looked like Implants, I mean I had a few times No, it did, that's the weird thing Hey, they came out of the thing, took like a right angle They were ridiculous He had freaky body parts Yeah Yeah, it was really close, John, huh? Yeah, well, Ed is, I think that was one of his main discovery Ed claimed the fame on that one was that he, Remember he said he went and talked to his parents Something that told me he had to move the California Yeah, he did it Yeah, he tried to flow out there He flew to my house and talked to my dad and mom You know, that's pretty crazy, right? I tell you how much Ed believed in him, right? Yeah, I know, gold's gym, I started at the age of someone was born And he's going to be, you know, champion Yeah, right, this stuff Right now you'd said an email, you do FaceTime Right? Ed, you'd have to provide the airline tickets I'd be like this travel, yeah, I'd like to travel with it He knew Mike was a town and when Mike moved out there People didn't know who he was, right? And he was, I already was running around the gym Tell people I'm going to win the USA I want to keep Dave, I've told the story on the show before And I know we have new listeners and people who quit Yeah But Mike, I had my office in Gold's gym And Mike came to see me the day that he got there And I never met him yet He knew who you were Yeah, because he was training with Paul Fierre So I was helping Paul the mail And that's another story because Paul said, you think I'm impressed I'm sure it's in my training part I'm like, what are you talking about? What are you talking about? Right? Feel like we were saying, oh, I think I look good We should, you know, good flow You should see who I train with I don't know if I could get my office And he posed for me And he was so sloppy fat And he had like 22 weeks And I thought he'll need it It's nothing of weeks To burn out really bad The fat on his low back Love handles was like floppy Are you like bobby? You're like, hmmm Do the cigarette hang out, you know? I just, hmmm He told me I came out here I was like, what's your problem here? I'm winning the show It was just like a declaration Maybe he came from my office In case I was helping people to try to scare me or something Yeah, oh, he wanted to figure out But he wasn't in shape So what was he posing with you for? I don't know He, you know what people think they were in shape? Yeah And I was stunned that he had that even got into shape And what was he, did you watch him He was doing like mass amounts of cardio and stuff like that? He was starving at the end And he was starving at the end And he had this rivalry going with wheeler That they would shit talk and scream at each other Cross to gym every single day Oh really? Yeah And that's why he probably could start Because at that point He just had the mentality of like I'm just not eating if I need to not eat Look at him there Look at the legs that you're doing Yeah, I don't know what happens It's like... He likes more than everybody I'll tell you exactly what happens as legs I'm deaf Do you want to know what happens as legs? Right 44, guess poses in 44 weeks You could turn Yeah That was probably 2 years after He won that USA And I think he was resolved to like You know, I can't, it's hard to do both travel this much. You could see it as facing suffered for that show. Oh, he he he was on brutal low calories towards the end. What can those cans? How funny is that? This is when I when I sew evidence at the party that's what a reminder he reminded me. Yeah, Evan has that type of physique right there. And we got him when I helped him when he won the national's his face had that same look. They look like they could have been brothers almost. Yeah, totally suck down. And the funny thing is they have the very similar looks to the physique because Evan had, you know, the good rate arms and calves that is good as ice. But and they had the like problems both and they had the good front quads and but they just didn't have like the the girthy doctors, you know, that they both have good packs, but they don't look like they have good packs because they're so wide. Right, right, yes, and right because of the whip and both had great backs to obviously to but um, he is Evan's supposed to come back this year because he competing. I thought I was getting ready for the new year. Bro. Yeah. You can see it's quite about two years ago, I think, right? Yeah, if I before, I think was before. It's a verbal that's a verbal recovery, but you know, I haven't such a I'm sure he's some particular sort of thing he does it. He probably won't even be able to notice it. Yeah, you know, it's funny. I spoke to Evan Brightland COVID started or maybe like three weeks in I sent him a text message and I said, how you doing? He said, you know, with this COVID being home, he said, I love it. I'm getting so much done. Oh, yeah, he definitely loves it because he doesn't want to travel anywhere. He doesn't want to leave the house now. Yeah, he has a good read. He has a good read. He's 52 weeks out of the year. I'm you know, at some point, I'm like, you know what, I kind of like this, it's like, I don't have to like, I can't even know. No, there's no pressure. You know, you don't even go to the mall with the kids, right? Can't go to the mall. You know, anyway, yeah, because it's too risky. But, you know what the thing is, after a while, you don't even care anymore. You get used to it. That's they want us to. The government's happy. We're going to shut it. I love that shot. Yeah. You know, is Instagram? Yeah, I'm looking right there. Probably, you know, the best, some of the best real arms and the business. Yeah, nice and good arms. Yeah, Christ up's biceps. Show the whole. Oh, he's bicep. Right. Yeah, fraky Alice. Unbelievable. That whole, that whole connection there. Those are the arms you, you dream of having like, I, you and I had like, like, like, skinny arms. We didn't have, I mean, was like born with the genetic arms, you know, you get to see him. He probably lifted one set of dumbbell curls and his arms probably grew like four inches, you know, from it. First time we picked up some dumbbells. He was a fat kid and he's like, I'm going to try to use bicep curls within like six months. He had like, you know, 18 and charms around. That's, that's genetics. Yeah. I mean, he's like his dad for that. He has a good shot of his likes on one. Look at this shot. Hold on. What is this for? Oh, this was after the 2009 New York proud home. Look at this. Let's see. Get up there, Dave. All right. It's a good shot, right? Yeah, very good. He, I always said, I didn't think he ever really realized this true potential. He was, you know, he didn't, he didn't compete that much. I just think that, you know, it wasn't, I don't think it was, it was a priority fan. You know, necessarily. I think he loves bodybuilding. Like, you know, all of us bodybuilding, but I think he, yeah, he's more into doing like his own little thing too. He doesn't, it wasn't like the, like, I have to do this more than anything else. And he's not selfish about it. You know, he has a family, you know, he has a wife that a kid. I think that he found balance in some of his life, which a lot of guys can't. Can't do. He's lucky. He got he has a really good relationship with I know, animal. Yeah. They, they, he's been smart. So even when he left him for a year to, he, they took him back after that. Yeah, he went, he went to the, uh, what was someone else and then they came back? He was a veteran and P.J. when they had that weird company for what I remember. They had to blow up, though. I think that was like, he didn't think like a blow up doll like commercial or something. Yeah, P.J. Oh, yeah. That's where the Evan did like, right? And Evan, that was a, you know, a line of this. Yeah. Funny, right? Yeah. Yeah. Like, Chris, you got to give, you have memories better than mine is, which is terrible. So I'm on a molder. We'll get that shot. That's the flex for, I think. Yeah, you might be right. He's got a pretty good record. So Evan, you know, when he competes, usually wins shows, you know, unless it's like, you're all over. There was a, the year he was third at the Arnold. He arguably, I don't know. He could have won that. I think Branch won it. I think Wolf was second. Is that the, a branch had the torn quad that he came back? I don't know. It just, I don't think it mattered when he, what do you have torn a knock-on? Yeah, you remember Branch had, had the time to work a year and somehow in six months was on stage, in one Arnold. Yeah. And he looked good. So I'm getting wrong. He deserved it. But he wasn't like, he wasn't the branch-warn that we had seen in the past as well. Yeah, from the, from the waist up evidence is pretty flawless, you know, as far as I'm concerned. Yeah, it's very good. So we have, we have to, we have to, we have to, we have to, we have to like go back and, it's like we're like two old men like talk about the old days, you know. That's what we've been, we've been reduced to during COVID times here. Well, I thought that Con was relevant and certainly Evan sent to Pony's relevant. Yeah, well, they're all, they're all. You know, it's funny. I was talking to Nick, should you? Oh, you're for Nick. I could buddy Nick. And, um, hold on, that's a great. It took that as YouTube channel. Don't know if you heard that. Who's there? YouTube. Why? I don't know. They told him to can't have it anymore. They must be a reason why. They said, you violated something, but they didn't tell him why it could be violated. It seems as though from the, he sent me a screenshot of it. Seems as though like someone ratted him at, like someone we had it in firm or something like that, someone like must have reported him that he was doing violating YouTube rules or something who knows. I'm sure I'm sure everyone violates YouTube rules that they really want to get down to the nitty-gritty who reads who reads the list of rules that they have. You know what I mean? I'm sure like if you say the word boo too many times in the video. So when did they take it, when did they take it down? Just recently, he has no more YouTube channel. And they, and they told him if he tries to start in account under another name. I was just going to say, we're not gonna say why not start an account under another name. No, they warned him in that. Although Dr. Tony, he would just been doing that for years. They spake he taking away his accounts every time they find out it's him, but it's so weird, right? I mean, what could he, I mean, what could he possibly done that would, would warrant and take you down? He's not like no secrets? I don't know. What's your world book yet? I mean, give the wrong heart load in advice. I mean, what's what pretty of a set? I don't know. Nick, Nick, I, you know, Nick, Nick didn't think that come out with repeat because he doesn't have a good social media presence. So maybe YouTube, I had a little bone to pick with Nick on that. So maybe YouTube came through the sensors and said, you know what? I don't know. It's just weird. I, whatever he like we had serves like that I'm always like this. So what do you do? He called you up and said, hey, Daniel. I'm probably selling me a little bit. They said, hey, did you hear that I think Nick lost his channel on like site accident? You know, we talked now with friends. Like what's going on? Like, he goes, he sent me the screenshot from YouTube because I lost my channel. I don't know. I just went on to the logger out of my day. There was there and they sent me this notification. Pop that. I thought I was a good person. I mean, how many times I got to one of them out loud? Trying to get a lawyer, yes, but you know, they, you can't get in touch with those people. It's like trying to get in touch with Amazon.com. They make it purposely so that you can't get in touch with them. You have to jump through hoops to try to. That's the new thing. The new thing with these big like you Facebook and Instagram. Try to get in touch with Instagram. You've called the eight of your number and you hit the right. We're going to hit zero day for like three days. Zero, zero, zero, zero, zero, zero, zero. I don't even think you're listening to your number to call Instagram. I had an Instagram problem like maybe like about a year ago and I had to figure it out myself. What, what problem can you have with Instagram? I think I don't know. I've been for the usually I have two, two counts. I have my Columbus Python's by and more than that, but I have Columbus Python's above as my steak channel and I have a huge 25 channel. And then of course, we have more Rx muscle, but that's the separate thing. So I have the two of them, you could toggle back and forth from them on your same phone. You know, so you can upload to, I couldn't get onto the one, the snake one for some reason. I don't know why. So I'm like, what the hell are you contact here? I couldn't figure out who to contact. There's no way to connect these people. They don't want you to. They don't want to talk to anyone. They don't want to have a customer service hotline. Oh my god, you'd have to have like a four or some 50,000 people answer in the phones. They can play any money, right? I mean, what did I try to play to Airbnb now? I get some lady of some guy working in their house because of COVID. Because I always say I would like to speak with a man here. That's my father's favorite one. It's not as effective anymore, but when I was a kid, my father used to say that. It's a scary way to be the manager. He was a tough guy too, so I won't be scared. Manage would chop. I fathered a threat to him. Yeah. He would. How do you really? Oh yeah. Right, everyone. Everyone all the time getting fights left right in center. Did he always come out of the opera? Did he ever walk away with the electricity? I only saw him lose one fight. Real. Yeah, it gets two guys. Yeah. Physical fight? Yeah, I was very little. Yeah. Oh, so you actually started physically fighting. I mean, you said, you're like, give me the death. Wow. Watch the guy go down. Yeah. Were you were you mortified? You know, by the whole thing or you were like, like, that's my dad. Keep taking birth. Yeah, mortified. Yeah, I figured it was anything could happen at any time. Oh, it's scary. Yeah. What if you got into the kill? I was being jailed. I mean, lawyers would have done this was for, you know, lawyers this day. He would have been in jail faster than who's in jail right now. I'm bodybuilding. Oh yeah, yeah. He would definitely have been a bit of a rusted yet. Then I mess around today anymore with that. Unbelievable. So we better keep the show clean. So nobody reports you and you wake up one morning and try to put on. Palombo's pythons and you log in. But when you get to our ex-mosle, it's missing. You have to hire Alan Dursherwitz to get it back. Yeah, I did, but I just, I really, I wonder what he did. You know, that's just, it's just kind of weird. Yeah. That's what I'm using. Like, what, what could he possibly have, like said? Yeah. I mean, that wasn't said by a million I, well, Boston Lloyd loses his channel. I don't think Boston Lloyd has a channel. He's always getting the answer to Instagram and, and I haven't feeling people probably report him to him. Yeah, but the amount of all the things that are out there. I know. I'm so many different weird subjects and topics and things stuff and both stuff and you know what people get, most people get a band for nowadays political. You can't say the political. Do you know that? Well, I won't say anything about Trump then. Well, we're not a political channel, but I'm just saying in general. You can't say anything political, you know, they've been being simply banning you know, and people don't want to lose their channels. Yeah. It's crazy. Really, it's insane. You think about it. I, you know, I look at these YouTube channels, you know, Chris and I'm like saying to myself, I should just do a fish tank channel. It's so hard to get hits on, unlike a Japanese channel. I mean, I mean, I thought like, like, a lot. This, this kid I watch on YouTube and I'm trying to pull up his videos. This guy, this kid, he's a kid. He lives in his mother's basement. He goes around the world, basically, just film people's fish tanks. Do you not get a belief in this? What? And their homes? Can be their homes. It could be, you can be anywhere. That's, you know, fish are bigger than the LMPI gas. Yeah. That's the one finding out. See if I can get a good picture. It's good. Dave, you know what it is? It's like this. I used to have a body to build a camp. I was the first one to ever do it. I pre-empted Sean Ray. You do it yourself? I did it with Laura. Okay. And I would have this camp all the time. And Joe gave me, Joe, we don't give me free outs and muscle fitness and flex. So it was okay. And, um, and I, in right off the bat, the stunning thing was that we got total number of bodybuilders to attend. Zero. It was so people. It was just regular people who, you know, the fish tank people. It was regular people who were like, okay. I didn't know what Laura. Or, you know what? I want to get in really good shape. I'm taking you way back, you know, way over 20 years ago. But I want to get in great shape. Okay. I see this at the magazine. She's in great shape. He's in great shape. They must know something. So at least I'll go for the information. Right. It's like, it's a weird connection. No, it's a strange. It's like, it's like a strange thing. It's, yeah, it's a good recourse. People go for the knowledge. So I wanted to, it, it, look, if I said Chris is Cito and I got to be in a gym doing a training camp. You don't think that we would, we would have saw it out. I don't know. But, you know, I can tell you. It would be, we want to come hang out even to learn how to train number one. But also just to hang out with us. You know, it's just, hey, I've been really smart back then. Instead of doing a bodybuilding camp, I probably would have just been a better, better, I would have been better off selling fish. With an ad in muscle fitness. It'd be like, where's the connection? Look at this guy. 7 million views on this video. He looks like a fish. 7 million. He looks like, he's got 600,000 subscribers and he just recently said, this is not that, this is not like a new channel. It's not like an old channel. Look at these. These got millions of views on these things. You should put one up as a trial below the date. Dave, you should, you know, Chris, I have a fish channel. I'll pull my channel. Did I haven't posted anything to since I moved four years ago? I just started with a muscle fish. Okay. See, there you go. You are ahead of your time. And this guy's cashin in. Muscle fish. Muscle fish. I'm a poor old man. The subscribers, Chris, go up every single day. I got almost 20,000 subscribers. I haven't posted a single video in four years of that. Okay. The reason is people love to look at fish tanks. Okay. If I, it's got more, if you got more subscribers than my reptile channel, which I put up with videos every day, like five days a week. Okay. Because people love to look at these. These are just looking at my old, they're all looking at my old stuff. My snow white arrow one I had. They, they, they, they, they might look at, they get tons of ads on this. You can't even watch the video for somebody else. That's my, that's my arrow water that I had. It was almost three feet long. That was my monster, my monster fish tank, Chris. Yeah. Why don't, why don't you try to expand this, this, you don't have the time? I don't have time. I don't have the fish tank. I'm setting up the fish tank in the garage now. So, Amanda and I decided one tank is reasonable. You know, I'm so. Oh, God. Dave, you're such a psychoso. What were you agreed with? What I wanted. One is reasonable. Everyone was looking for it. I did three, you know, I'm afraid. You're not afraid. You get obsessed. Oh, she's saying I'm not telling you. I have one fish tank though. I have a, I have turtle, I have a turtle tub in there and I have a tortoise tub too. But that's, I don't count those because then I fish, but you're going to get obsessed about it. Well, I would be, you know, and I have too much work already to do with the other with the snakes. And I enjoy that. But so I, I don't really want to million fish tanks. But I like the whole, I like, I love fish. And I've had, like, you know, I really imagine what is it? Why do you like fish so much? What do you know? I like the whole idea of capturing, you know, nature and attack. It's like just something cool. And it was always these fish certain fish that I wanted to get as a kid that I couldn't because, you know, I couldn't, I can't actually never buy me a humongous fish tank. I think it'd give you the guppies. So I couldn't do it. So that's, so I think, I think, I'm going to switch to covering fish tanks from now on. Rather than go around the world and watch the whole game, I'll just, I'll just go around and then, and video fish tanks and make a lot more money. And I can quit doing everything else. This kid probably makes 30, 40 grand a month. I would think from physical to crazy. Yeah. YouTube is, look, you know, if my kid sent to me, I want to be a YouTuber. I would be like, I'd be 100% in support of it. You know, I'd be like, knock yourself out. If you're going to give 100% effort to it, you can work be your own boss. You can work from home. You don't have to go anywhere. Like, not even going anywhere. I'd have to work at home. So I didn't have to be a YouTuber. Everyone's going to be an entertainment nowadays. I see these channel. Yeah. It's, it's certainly, it's after channels now that, um, where they're, they're doing like, they're like, my son watches his stuff like this kid Ethan and Cole, they, they run around killing werewolves and then, and other crazy, I don't know, aliens or whatever they dare after. With these nerve guns, yeah, my sons of sesity's nerve guns, that grandma, grandma, bottom one, they say it, the nerve guns and grandma says, he's not allowed to bring homes. I know I'll get hit in the eye with one of the projectiles that he shoots out of them. Because he's, my son is just not just doesn't like just a gun. He likes to assassinate you, you know, point blank range. Well, whatever he needs, maybe he needs like a little kid. He's, kids, he's a little upstairs in for now. If you, if your son ever came over, forget about it. There we can go. Oh, God. There's a lot of hours. Yeah. There's room in your house. Oh, and I thought to go. Except you all would destroy chasing him, they just, destroy it. He would love it that your son is older like that he can, he has some competition. Because he's, you know, he's tough. He's like, he likes to be rough. And so sometimes, you know, with the younger kids, you have to like, Logan, take it easy, you know, with your son. He can keep it close. Yeah, you're, you're still a pressure around probably about that. Yeah. You get, teaching a good lesson. And there's a one like nine hours in the pool. There you go. That's right. Maybe drowning each other in the pool would be great. Except we can't even see each other because of the stupid code. All the, all the, the whole world is changed. It's all changing. You know, I got to thank you also. I don't have the thing with me. Maybe do you have that? Any of those are our social masks in the house or they're at the office. High and senior, you know, high and senior. He's always into some new business. He sent me these RX muscle masks. They're the best ones I've ever seen. Look out. Yeah. Oh, you're making, where's it on this book? Didn't you get a show? I have a supplement company together. I really good tonight. Dave. Huh? Did they him and George? Fair, I had a supplement company together. He did they sold it from what he called me? I'm seeing her as a designer. Mom's? Yeah, I'll tell you, sir. I don't see it. Her mom's wearing the mask. It looked great. I said, you look like a real badass with this. What does that mean? I love going inside. You're a problem with the masks. See, I have a big head. So, the standard mask with those little things to go behind your ears. It, it pulls so tight that my ears get pulled this way and the mask is full of. Hines is mask has these little like drawstrings. You can kind of adjust how much slack you got there. So, it doesn't pull so tight and you can, I can wear it. I've been wearing recently as I wear just these this thing around my head. Like, it doesn't have an orcs muscle logo on it. No, that doesn't. That's why I like the hines thing. I've got a great job of these masks. I'm, I'm, she's going to get, which is a control to hold up. Where's my elbow? I'll show you what I'm wearing. This is what I'm wearing. Not the name one cares, but I love that I can pull pictures of. That's what I'm wearing now. I look like I'm from the, the camera. Like, really pre-stam. Right, the knot is just something. Okay, that was the car, I held it. Where are you in there, Walmart? Uh, somewhere. I know I'm in like, Sam's. Here's his one. This is the best one, though, man. Did you see one, you're wearing more family, same thing? See, it's got the, um, I see it. Those little things over here. You can kind of adjust the ears. See, I'm in a hospital here. It has a small head, so this is only just, if I were, it would be all us to the end here, because I need more slack. Is it patenting? I don't know if it's patented, but it should be. So, I got this and then there's another one. If I can only find the one that her mom's wearing, she sent me if she texted me a picture. I don't think she posted it any more. It's actually like half of it. It's the RX symbol and half of it. It's like another repeater that I have behind me usually when I do my interviews. Yeah. You're doing it at a bayonet, something that half of it's that and it's really cool. Like, I mean, he did a great. I want to see maybe he can make, maybe he can make him. I'll make some available for sales. Maybe because the judges for the pro, they can, like, I could do that. Oh, that you have, but you're doing, or, or you know what they should do, they, the judges should wear the ones. They should get sponsors and say, look, you know, if if RX also sponsors to show, all the judges will wear the RX-Mosal masks. Yeah. I don't believe a new thing, right? Soon they'll have to, soon they'll have to have competitors on stage. They'll have the have their, their companies logo on there. Oh, look, it's a Phil Heath. He's wearing the gifted nutrition logo on his mask. The Grammys got the Dragon Farmer, or whatever. So we think we'll see, is big rammy doing the New York Pro? What's he going to qualify for the Olympics doing? I hear is an Egypt. Oh, he's an Egypt. Yeah. But I hear it's tough to, once you're any, I, I've heard. It's tough to get out. Yeah. Take it away to go back to Kuwaiti, guys. You probably go from Egypt to Kuwaiti and then Kuwaiti to the US. Yeah. But what, I mean, what's how many shows the left? Where do we have Chicago and New York? To York, Chicago, California. It's California. You don't know what? Yeah. What for many of it? I don't even know for many is the call fire. I think this is showing Spain, but yeah. I know. Is it the big man or something like that? No, I think it's, yeah. Yeah. It's not a big man. But it's in Spain. Two, twelve and open. I mean, because he's got, he's got a qualifier. I'm just kidding. They didn't give them a free pass last time. So maybe he thinks he's going to get the, you know, the invite? I don't know. I don't know. Who do you do? He's a latch. I mean, they give it to him this year. Because they want him in the show. I don't know. Well, they, I would have, they want them to show less. They give them the invite. Right? Right. So, I don't know. I, I would think, I bet we see him in Chicago if you can get here. Or what's, what's the European show you said that they have? Something in Spain. I thought they, the old, the Alicante one, is it the one? Yeah. The Alicante Spain is one of them. Yeah. Let me look at, see if I can find them in the schedule. There's a Cherucles that come in there. Is that happening? Oh, that's not that. Yeah. Yeah. Look at the old, old one. Dude, we're looking at, you know, 2018's getting over here. Yeah. Yeah. We can go in the wrong schedule here. Alright. So we got the New York pro is the fifth of September. California is the 12th. And California, they just announced they moving into Tampa. Go ahead. Then they got the, oh, this is, this isn't the Esther show. So that doesn't count. And the Spain one is called the European Pro Men's Body Building Show. Oh, John and Rico is running. Yes. That's right. With the Milio Martinez. That's on October 11th. And then the week after that, is the Chicago. That's the big thing. We got a lot of pro shows. We got to lead just, it's fast. Yeah. That's it. Is that man? No, it's probably not going. Yeah. That's a Christmas. A good friend Rich Sealman's holding the, that's a masters. Oh, it says. You're sure it's a sponsor in a show. Is it? There's a, so the post the, I don't know, November, the November 7th. I can't imagine this one happening United Kingdom Pro Men's Body Building. Is that happening? Yeah. I think that one's supposed to happen. That's good. It's good for the guys in England. Then there's book arrests Romania on the November 14th. Yeah. I don't know if that's a profile. I think it is for says it's on our open says men's pro bodyville. If you was one in a while, just young, because it's like two, 30 in the morning. Too bad. They cut the viewers come first, Chris. That's what it's all about. We have to entertain them. Look, they're, they're doing their cardio and they're listening to us. Talk on this. I go to a fish tank. Fish tanks still, right? It's a side YouTuber. So guys, if you subscribe to my, uh, my channel, I first thank you all that. I don't put any more videos on because I need, I need the, I need the views. I'll show you my reptile channel. Okay. I don't think I go to a, because then you'll be band-aid. The correct. That's a political. The great Martin Luther King courts aren't put on. Did you see that? Oh, yeah. Try to think where it was now. So I think actually we're leading on my head. I think I started his pitch. Oh, then here's my, um, here's my snake channel. Those of you like, don't like them. I talked about thanks to Dan. Okay. muscle serpension diversity. I've seen my, I put muscle on everything. So, you know, to keep it. I have to keep connected. He's got to be a common theme. So subscribe to that guy. He's just giving me a, give me the subscribe. You know, watch my videos. And I need, we have a lot of people I didn't watch it. It's kind of there. Muscle fish, muscle serpension diversity. Hit subscribe. If you don't subscribe to the dark, muscle channel, you should bet it's for that too, because that's, you don't want to miss any of our great shows. Okay. There's my plug. And what I always got to show you, let me see with that. Yeah. That Rory, Lita, Marthing. I think that was the quote. I'm going to get political. They're going to, they're going to ban us. Rory, Lita, my, he's got a good page on, uh, on, and I gotta say the guy, I don't know how he has got to be what? 60? I think it's in 60. It's great. It's really good. It's age. Well, I told you, I want to search you, praise all time favorite buying a dog. Really? Yeah, I think it did. Search. He could be Mr. Lita hands down. I, I great, what a physique. It's got a hand down. Hmm. He's got to say, you could tell he's just a creative guy. Here's the second column, woewi. Woewi. Woewi. Woewi. Woewi. Come back to you. Not with me woewi. Oh, I should think of what he looks. I think this is what he looks like now. So it's great, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, woewi. Woewi. Woewi. Woewi. How can he never got a pro card? He lost about Paris at the nationals. I think about Paris. He's lost his mind too. And I don't know. He just kind of like fell off the face of the earth. Woewi. I think he did like, I think he won the A U America or something, but it wasn't, you know, didn't have the prestige anymore. And I mean, you talked about people not fulfilling their potential. Woewi, lead a wire, ask anyone. Woewi. Yeah. I think that's then and now. So it's so like pretty good. Yeah. He may have a better headline than Jay. God, right? Tell me about it. The guy hasn't lost a hair. He looks like a bigger version on the left. That photo by the left on the left was taken by Jayson Mathis by the way. What a great shot that is, right? Yeah. That, um, the classic, the lower left. Right Charles Clim on there. He does. You're right with the long hair. Look at that. You know what? Rory. Rory looks like a rock star, they're man. I mean, talk about, you know who else loved him? I can't imagine that. It doesn't love him. No, go higher than it. Bob? No, higher. Oh, meter. Yeah, Bob, I think, but he knows Bob well. Oh, yeah, Joe, Joe. Joe loved him, but he, you know, Joe was like this weird. Not done. Joe was weird. Joe loved him, but like one of them, the compete, like when the national skating pro card, I'll make you a superstar. You can't just like have the model good looks. That picture of the left dude is like, right? It's wacky. It's got the perfect hair, perfect cheeks. Well, this 27 versus 61. 27 man, he was 27. That's crazy. Yeah, he was young when you got started. He's not that old then. Yeah. I think he, you know, see the picture on the left that was thick. Those are Jason math as pictures. Yeah. And that's one he was making kind of, I think, a comeback for like the, oh, he was okay. I'll tell you what year. I'm thinking to come back in 27. So I'm guessing he was 22 when he was second to Bob Paris. Wow. I think, I was 21 or 22. Well, that's been guys who young. So they, they, um, they seem to be even Sean Ray, they all that whole crowd was very young when they turned pro. Yeah. But what's going on Bob, Bob Paris has like been really down on body building. I was both. He was kind of down on people. Send me these links. It's like really like, send me something like, yeah, I don't know. He was blacklisted. He was insinuating. Like Joe Weater. Oh, he came out as being gay when it was like, you know, do you think that that was a truth? You think they, they just once he broke that book and came out that they discriminated against him. Or was it just maybe he just perceived it as that? I think there's a truth is truth in both, you know, what he perceived and what was. Yeah. It's all, you know, it's, it's, it's, no, because you're thinking today. Yeah, that's that's what I think. Yeah, I years ago. Right. Maybe just said you're not marketable. If you do that, you know, I can't use you if you have to see it. I'm sure Bob, I'm sure Bob had the conversation with Joe before he did it. Don't you think? Yeah, he's. Jerry Joe. Probably told him not to. And he probably did it. Sure. Yeah, I'm sure. He said, you know, stay in the closet, Bob. He probably said, wait till you've done competing. Yeah. Because of marketability. Maybe because, you know, back then, you know, marketability was everything. You just took the words right out of my mouth. Everything. Nowadays, it's like, almost like you're better if you get, you know, if you do better. It's like, it's like more acceptable. I don't want to get you YouTube channel canceled. You saw my Trump, which Trump said, it's easier when you blackmail. No, it's no, it jumps it. Yeah. No, I think that, um, yeah, you got to think we're at the environment was 25 years ago. So people would come up the Bob and like, like, what's that saying? The elephant in the room? Yeah. The elephant in the room that it was that he was gay. So there's clearly going to be some judges back then, 28 years ago. Yeah. Like, I'm not having this guy in the top five. But then they were probably some judges that were like, ooh, yeah. Yeah. Get those names from the church. Yeah. That's my next channel with like, that he had the names. Oh, no. I'd love to because I, you know, I haven't talked about Paris. The last time I talked about Paris. Yeah. Well, no, the second the last time. But 2001 Olympia came up after pre-judging. Yeah. It said, I mean, how's that? Jay loved Bob Paris. I mean, physique right. Yeah. physique wise, had that that book flawless. And Bob came up with me after pre-judging and was like, like, I don't know where he's like, oh, Jay's got this. Like, what are you doing here at the show? Oh, he just he was in the deep. I come in to see the Olympia. I wanted to see what was going on. Well, I bet you if you reached out to him and said, look, I'll interview you. Like, get me out of the equation. Maybe you could interview Bob. I'll set the whole thing up and you could do the interview with Bob on this. And even I'll just engineer it. Maybe he'll do it. Because he likes you. Fascinating story. Do it. He's his story is, uh, he ran away from home. Oh, really? I didn't even know that. Right away from home. Me grew up. I think in Iowa, Idaho or something. Oh, wow. I think I think I can't remember. But he moved to, was like a teen runaway. Oh, wow. If you want, you know, we went out to LA to be a bodybuilder and all worked out for him. We'll see you run away because it was because of the experience of screwing it against because I think I think he had a step forward. I can't remember the story. Uh, we get, you got to get him all. We got to get this interview. I have his book somewhere. He sent me the book. He, the book, the roll of suit. In fact, well, put down the cover. Get him, run, get him. Yeah. I think Chris froze. Or maybe I froze. No, you froze. You froze. Oh, a froze. They're going to cancel your station Dave. No, I think we were both having our conversation. We both froze. And I said, I said black little bag. I ride, get him on the show. You'll put him on the cover. Give him a cover. You got to reach out to him. I think he'll respond to you because you guys had a, you know, you coached him and had a good relationship with him. So you never know. Yeah, up to somebody's email. Somebody's contact. Yeah. Well, guys, uh, we got to wrap this up. Chris has got to go to his phone sleep. And we gave you an hour. I try to give him an hour of give them to you. No, he gave an hour. So now that's it. Yeah. When you don't have anything to talk about, it seems like it goes longer. Who would break it down a show and everything like that, you know, it's, it's, uh, it goes faster. You know, we can actually, we actually have something to talk about. Well, we got three weeks. Well, fine. Oh, just, just, just, just, just. But you know, from reading that schedule, though, Chris, it seems like as we get into the fall, we're going to have a lot of shows coming up. And I think that's everyone kind of push their shows then hopefully, hopefully, they don't have to all be outside. I might be the new, that maybe the new way they do it now. Except, uh, I guess you do that in California pretty easily, but you don't want to in Chicago and in November, I have to held a show outside to appreciate between us off there. Yeah, all my having to, you know, get the get all connections, the lights and bonfires over there to give her more work. All right, guys, you know what to do. Until next week, remember, with heavy muscle radio. Truth hurts in the pregame show. It does. Surely does. We'll see you next week.