Day Palombo here with an RX muscle news update. It was with a heavy heart and a sad note that I have to report that a good friend and an iron brother has passed yet again. Rick Dresson who is probably best known for his logo in the knee droo of the gold gym guy holding that bar with a bar bent, the ball head, he goes to drew the world gym logo as well. That's how a lot of people know. He also had a very popular YouTube channel where he interviewed people who used to come on our X-Muscle all the time. He portrayed the Demi Hulk in the original incredible Hulk series. If you guys ever watched that, that was my childhood. There was an episode where the Hulk couldn't transition between Bruce Banner and the Hulk and he got stuck halfway through. Rick played that part. He was in a lot of commercials. He was a professional wrestler. He was probably, you know, you know, it's funny. A lot of people don't recognize him when he was younger because he had a full head of hair and then later life he shaved his head and Rick was just one of these good guys. But you know what? I knew him more as an artist. He was such an artistic guy. He used to edit his own videos. I mean, he got the guy in his 70s and he was editing his own videos for YouTube. He had a very popular channel. I was working with him and helping him promote that channel right when he started, like over 10 years ago. This was a guy who just had art coming out of his fingertips. He drew an original, gold gym character for me that was not the gold gym logo and he signed it. I have a picture. I have it hanging in my office and I have to believe that it's probably worth something now because now that, you know, when people pass away everything becomes worth more. But you know what? To me, I would never let it go. It's worth a million dollars to me that thing because it was drawn exclusively for me. There's not another one like that anywhere and it was signed by him and it meant a lot to me when he sent it to me because I knew he put a lot of love in that. But Rick was just super artistic. It was amazing what this guy did draw. I mean he could look at something and just make a character. He actually did a great character. I just put on my Instagram recently of the whole Gold Gym crew like from it was Frigna and Arnold and Robbie Robinson and I'll put that picture up to it was tremendous. It was great. He was just doodling. You know, I was commenting to him and I was texting and telling him how would a great job he did on the thing. Like I took me two minutes like it was like no big deal to him. But everyone liked Rick. He was like a nice guy. He was a good person. He loved the bodybuilding. His passion was working out and maybe to his detriment because he lived that lifestyle his whole life. And unfortunately he's passed and we don't really know the exact cause of death yet. But if you look on his Facebook, he had been posting that he had been having some kidney problems and some hard problems. He was having trouble breathing and he was trying. I think he was waiting for a second knee replacement as well. So something was going on. I don't you know, it almost sounded like he had COVID but I haven't heard that. Refordded it all. I mean the breathing problem obviously because he was Rick took such good care of himself. I mean the guy ate perfectly trained. He slept. He just he lived the lifestyle. So I can't imagine that you know all of a sudden that in nowhere, you know, he was just going to you know go down hill that quickly. So I have to imagine he had something going on whether I don't know if it was COVID or for another virus or you know his kidneys. I can't imagine the guys kidneys and heart failing at the same time that just sounds too suspicious to me to just all of a sudden, you know, his whole body just crap out. I don't know like that. And you know, once again, just super sad because like I said, even though he was 76 years all, the guy was like so sharp. I wish I was as sharp as he was, you know, mentally just right there on top of everything. He could interview anyone. You sit him down with anyone and he and the funny thing is he knew everyone. You know, I think I know a lot of people because I've been around for a long time. This guy knew everyone from back in the golden year. I mean he can call up stone cold Steve Austin. He could call Arnold up on the phone and pretty much get anyone into his little studio there and interview him. Franco was in there before Zane. So here's a guy, you know, who people respected and liked as well. And that just makes it that much worse when you hear someone like that passing. It just, it seems like every week I'm reporting on someone else going and it's just, to me, it's, it's heartbreaking because, you know, I don't know, I guess in life people pass, you know, and, but I may be during this whole COVID, you know, quarantine time. It just seems like this is like more people, you know, you know, leaving us too soon. And I guess we don't know what our, you know, we don't know if our days are numbered or not. We don't know how many days we got left and that's why it's important that you live every day to its fullest. I went down my water slide today with my kids, you know, and I really, you know, I, I, I really, I could smell the flowers. I really appreciated every minute that I spent with them because, you know, what, there's so many people who are leaving us and, you know, who knows when you, when you're next breath is going to be. It was actually, the brick was actually born on July 12th the same day as my sister. I thought I was remembered as birthday. And he had just turned 76 and like I said, I even told him, I said, I said, Rick, you're unbelievable. You look, you look like you're like in your 40s. I mean, the guy didn't ever wrinkle on his face because he lived a very clean lifestyle. And so that's what makes this heart, it's as hard as, it's hard as, pill to swallow, so to speak. And I'm working through my own grief here as I'm doing this report, but for those of you who don't know or didn't know Rick, he was a guy that you can bump into in a show and he would be your best friend like in 20 minutes of talking to him. That's the kind of guy he was. He was the likable guy and he loved to talk bodybuilding. You would think, you know, in 76, you'd only be sick of talking bodybuilding already. He was, he, he knew every, all the players, he knew all the people who competed, he knew all the different diet styles and everything like that. And he kept up on it because that was something that really made him happy. So I guess we should be celebrating Rick's life here, not really morning. And even though there's a lot of sadness out there that we've lost in way too soon, Rick's pianist mom who I talked to on regular, but she's actually the one to told me she was communicating with him via text message on a regular basis. And it seemed like he was doing better and he was going to come home. But if you read some of the post, he had put on his Facebook, they seemed a little, like he was a little groggy or something like that. Like he was a little out of it. So I have to believe that, you know, he, he did have something going on with them. And once the autopsy or whatever the official cause of death is released, we'll know a little bit more. But right now this is all I know. I just want to report that a, a good man, a great bodybuilder and actor and more importantly, probably what I'd like him to be known as a true artist has been lost to this world. Rick, I'll miss you man. I'll miss our conversations. But I know you're going to be up there watching over us and inspiring me with all your creative juices. I'm Dave Pellumbo with an RX muscle news update.