We're going to be launching the tasty pastry with the low carb hot tart. We've got three and four brands in that carbs and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods of muscle in the morning. I'm Dave Palombo and today is Tuesday, July 13, 2021. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. You remember back in the day when you played Marco Polo at the pool? You'd splash around with your eyes closed until you managed to bump into the person you were looking for. Well, here's the thing. Sometimes in our world you have to be careful what you go search for because you just might find it. And if you're in the fitness division right now, Missy Truscott might be the last thing you want to bump into. According to Missy's camp, she's full speed ahead from now until her back to back title defenses at the Arnold and the Olympia. They say that for as good as she feels physically, she's an even better place mentally. And she's hungry to show everyone in the division that what they saw last year was only an appetizer. So like I said, if you're searching for a title in a show that she's in, you'd better be careful because you might not like what you find. A few days ago, I saw our post from Ed Milet who said, people who win play offense, not the offense, which made perfect sense to me in the moment. And it makes even more sense when you consider the fact that Brett Wilkin has pretty much been on non-stop offense attack ever since he decided to make the move up to the open division. Brett's had this weekend Chicago Pro Circle on his calendar for months. And now that it's almost here, it seems like he's hitting the gas even harder. I know there's been a lot of talk about how deep this lineup is and who might do what? When they step on stage this weekend, but I'll tell you what. Brett's name deserves to be there in the conversations and when it's all said and done up there, he could easily end up walking away with a top five finish. As of yesterday, we were a little more than four weeks out from the Tampa Pro, which means that we're only four weeks away from seeing Rullie Winkler make his season debut. And that means that it's time for everyone else in that line after start digging deep, because I'm being told that Rullie's been in a mood lately. Apparently all the talk about this people moving up in the rankings and being considered favorites, heading into one show or another, hasn't pretty mad. And a pissed off Rullie Winkler is not something you want to be on the other end of. He knows how much is riding on these two shows and after being forced to sit out last year, I can guarantee you that he isn't about to let that happen again. When I was a kid, I remember fighting with my sister and my dad telling me just to ignore if I knew she was doing something to upset me on purpose. But here's the thing, sometimes people do things that you just can't ignore. And what we saw from Hotty Schupe in a few days ago is a perfect example. Hotty released a few clips of himself in the gym that he had to hurt some people's feelings when they saw it, because he looks so insane right now that it's almost rude to share those videos with other people who have to compete with him. I know I've said it before, but I'm going to say it again. The man is on another level right now. And whatever level that is, everyone else better find a way to get on because otherwise they're going to be left behind. And that doesn't fit at another edition of Lusselin the Morning on the Elevator Limbo Reminding You, always be true to your passions and they should have followed us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.