I'm going to launch the tasty pastry with a low-car hot tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. Today, Palombo and today is Tuesday, June 15th, 2021. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Bigger, thicker, wider and more detail from the back. Those are the key parts of the plan heading into the off season according to the latest update from Blessing, Awadibu. After wrapping up his season a few weeks ago following the New York Pro, Blessings have been keeping a relatively low profile, which feels like a huge shift considering the fact that he was one of the most talked about athletes and bodybuilding not too long ago. All things considered, I think when most people go back and honestly reevaluate, Blessings rookie year, the big takeaway will be that the whole thing was a learning experience, like it is for most rookies. The guys obviously talented, but he isn't ready to be Mr. Olympia yet, which isn't a crime. And now that he's had a chance to see what life on the pro stages all about, I'm sure that'll come back next year and be a little bit better than he was this year. That's progress and at the end of the day, progress is what his business is all about. One of the best pieces of advice I ever got was don't put off tomorrow what you can do today. And from a bodybuilding standpoint, if you could earn an Olympic qualification at the end of one season, then take the entire half of the next season to make improvements and prepare for it the way regained rhymes has. That's about as close as you can get to putting that advice into action, winning the Romania muscle-fest last November, basically gave him six solid months to focus on getting himself ready to be more competitive in the men's open this year. And all the signs I've seen seem to be pointing to him being able to do just that. He's definitely on track to come and bigger and they've heard from a few people that he was really strategic with the way he tried to address his weaknesses during the off season. So when you take all of that into consideration by the time October rolls around, he should be primed and ready to make a serious push for a top 10 finish. One of the things I've noticed over the years is that some athletes do better when they adopt an FU mentality. For whatever reason, certain people tend to perform better when they feel like they've been disrespected. And I'm not saying that Rullie Winkler is one of those kind of guys, but the way that he's been training lately definitely makes it feel that way. Rullie released a shoulder training clip last week that was out of control even for him. There's never been a point in this career. He hasn't looked like an action figure, but he's getting to the level now that he hasn't hit since around the time he finished third at the Olympia a few years ago. This is the version of Rullie everyone wants to see. And whenever this angry pissed off chip of my shoulder version of Rullie, the sides and step on stage, people better watch out because I don't think he sees second place as an option. For the most part, I've always looked at greatness and sport like a perishable good. It has a shelf life and an expiration date. Once it passes a certain point, you have to put it off to make room for the next thing, or in this case the next person. But then again, we live in a age of GMO foods in 3D printed stakes. So if science can do it, I guess extending the shelf life of a given athlete isn't too far out of the question. And the reason I say that is because former four-time men's physique champ, Jeremy Boindy looks like he might be trying to make a comeback again. Jeremy's injury history has been well documented at this point, so it don't feel like I need to go over that again. But right now with this moment, he's healthy. He says he's put on 10 pounds of muscle and that he feels his strength is starting to creep back up again. Now does that mean he can stay healthy long enough to be a viable title contender again? Well, I don't know, maybe. But if he has figured out a way to extend the shelf life of his greatness, I do think that him competing on the Olympia stage again one day is another question. And that does a the yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning. I'm Dave Malumbo reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.