Old School Body Building Clothing Company. If leg day was yesterday and now you're wondering why toilets are so damn low, you are definitely old school. If you're the only athlete in your gym that knows there's a contest today and it's to see who trains the hardest. You are old school. Go S BBC.com for the hardest training athletes. Welcome back to another episode of Iron Rage. I'm here with Lee Priest. As always, we've got a big show coming up this week and the Chicago Pro, which might be one of the most competitive pro events we've seen this season, Rooley Winkler, in the show, Hunter LaBrada, in the show and a host of other people we're going to talk about in a minute. Who do you like? If I'm going out on a limb, it would be a very breakable limb, but if Rooley turns up like his phone, that's what it's seeing. That's a big ear, but if you show up like those photos, I can't see anyone beating him. I think Hunter's got a pleasing body, but Rooley's mass, and if he comes in with that mass and they're conditioning, I don't think anyone's going to take it from Rooley. I could probably see it go in really hunt the second and that. Let's just hope he turns up like the photographs. We haven't really seen too much of Hunter, and we can pop his Instagram. I mean, Hunter's been putting up some pictures, but I have to imagine that Hunter is going to be better than he was last year, because he's at that age where he's still growing. And he's devoting almost time to bodybuilding. He wants to be the best he can be. He's got a really good mentor and his father there, obviously. He knows how to present his physique on stage. He's a guy who might not have more mass than Rooley does, but he might present it better than Rooley does. And sometimes you can sneak out and look at that side tricep shard. I mean, that's a nasty shot right there. That's an old Dory niche, right? A Dory niche. Well, I think it's going to be one of those things isn't it where it comes down, because we know LeBred is going to be in condition. You know, it's how to pose. He's got the cemetery. So it's going to come down to, did they want the mass monster or the guy because LeBred does have mass himself, but it's not like that full on cartoon character. Mass, he's got all the proportions with it. So it's going to be, it's the both in shape. It's going to be, who the judges like the most. So I, I, I, just instinctually, my, my gut tells me that if Rooley's that is best, I don't think anyone beats Rooley because he's, he's so massive, even though LeBred has better shape than him and LeBred will present this physique better. I think that the judges will eat that monster look up. And I think Rooley needs to win anyway to get to the Olympia. I think this is going to be Rooley's show to lose. But we have never seen Rooley come in 100%. LeBred is always like, he's like his dad. He's always like, Paul, who's looking his tan as gray, his presentation is really good. And when you see a guy that is that complete, he sometimes can't be in booze or the judges into picking him because your eyes can't leave his physique when he's on stage, you know, posing. Well, listen, LeBred is already in the Olympia, isn't he? He's what? Isn't LeBred already qualified for the Olympia? I don't know if he is or not. I don't think so. He hasn't done anything this year. No, well, maybe for one of them's going to, maybe it'll give just a little broder, really, the Arnold's because I get, you really want Rooley at the Olympia, wouldn't you? So, of course. Of course. You've been crazy not to have him there, so. Well, here's your concern, if one of those doesn't win this show, I would have to imagine that they would go to the Tampa Pro, wouldn't you? Exactly. And we're going to be in the next year. The campus already stacked line up, it seems like, you know, with the guys like Ian Valier and that line up, I mean, we're going to see a lot of good shows leading up that Olympia. Is the Tampa Pro in California? That's a good sense of effort. In Florida, you can do shows with, you know that. Now, what I just figured, yeah, the new old was you've been playing there, and the also isn't Florida, so that we get Florida would do. They said everyone goes to Florida, Florida is the place where you should do anything you want, you know? We're going to be playing these in Florida. Now, I got to bring this up to change subjects quickly, even. Look, I told Mr. G, because he message me after that show about big, Lenny and Lenny's new thing. I'm like, I just said, look, August 1st just had the fight. It doesn't matter if you give Lenny six months or six fucking years. He's not going to get any better. He's going to probably be more dog shit. So what you see, Lenny hit the bag then is as good as you're going to get out of Lenny. So you can give him order training in the world. It's not going to change his fighting skills. So I said, just move it to August for your dragon and on your dragon. I told him that a little time ago. Yeah. Everyone's lost interest in it. It's just like, it's like, it's like the guy said, when they had that face to face little meeting, they should have just slugged it out. Yeah, and it's right back. I never put it on with. But you know, it's like dragging out like a, you know, you ever see like these like so proper like shows on TV, those were like an afternoon to eight episodes. And then the final episode, you'll actually get some action going on in it. It's like a damn sometimes because they're dragged it out. So long to actually get your like, was it? That's like a very disappointing. Yeah, it's a tably. So those are the can and the movie right. But I said, I think that the the final outcome might be the most boring part of the whole of the whole fight. They're going to have so can you imagine, but even the lead up was good, but they're a lead up, standing boring. So I'm going to be like, well, that's why we're going to be like, we have new people coming in and training Lenny and you know, Mr. G keeps losing him down the tooth every single week. So it becomes a little more entertaining. But you know, like, like, what you're like, what you're going to for now in the guy loses his erection and just gets soft and that's the end of the ball. No, there's no big comes shot at the end of your life. You know, that was disappointing. What's that? Yeah, that's right. Did you see that you could make? You could make that. I did see your best mate, Sean Ray. He got signed to another company because when I when I think of mutants, I think Sean Ray, that big freaky physique. Sean actually texted me was he was. He had said to me, you know, how come you don't report him? When I get a contract, they said, we did you like this on Instagram. They told him. So that's what you've been seeing. He's doing. Yeah, you know, you know, you know, Pibris are saying Sean Ray's gay. It is and that they'd make fun of his name. Sean gay Ray in that. But I never thought that because I knew how many girls he'd been flirting with and cheating with and stuff like that. But seriously, you could use to say, at least had a lot of contracts, but really, I haven't had as many as him. So I'm sorry, the rethink is because they get that many contracts. He's got a suck good cop. It's like, you can't, you can't get that many fucking contracts and not be a good talk sucker. And I care what you say. Yeah. It's like, I'll look, I'm going to say I'm going to give him a couple of Sean can extract so much money from this industry. And that just goes to show you that he obviously is doing something and providing some service for these these companies that they're actually hiring him because I'm not doing a good thing. You're just extracting cement. You're buying that like Sean Ray and I don't know some people like him, somebody with all like him. But the guy works and he makes money from self. And so you can't out him in the sense that he's actually making a living from the industry. So I tell people who are sitting on their ass complaining about the fact that can't get a contract. If Sean Ray 20 years after his retired can't get a contract, you can get a contract too. You got to make yourself valuable. You have to do something to actually say, hey, you know what, I have a skill that I can actually help to self-product you. Because I have people come to me old and timely and they want to contract some species and traditions. I'm like, what do you need to do for me? How am I going to make more money to justify paying you a salary? And most people can't tell me that, or they're like, oh, I'll post them I answer you. I'm like, well, you have 4,000 followers. And then once in half of the high fall, they don't want to post anything. They're too lazy. So, you know, the guy obviously is somehow getting people to hire him because he's providing some service that's giving them the ability to make more money. We know what services provide. We have a black mentality. Black mentality. What was that, what was that app you used to make those videos for me? I think it's, well, I have to send it to the away boat or whatever. See, they need some videos. I can't put them up because they're all monetizing music, but they're so funny. He takes like, you take a picture, right? And you can actually, what is it that you upload the picture? And then you can say, let's go on. You've got to self, yeah, you can take a selfie, but I took yours from the yours and Steve from just a computer saying, not as good, but yeah, and for some reason, once you put it in, you just pick a song in that and actually make your mouth and ice moves out. It looks like they're singing the song. And I believe it's something. Because you put, you pick like the real gay songs for Steve Black. And Steve's eyes were like, he was singing shows, you know, like, back in the 60s. It's not like that. When that's why I look so good for Steve because it wasn't Andy Ordinary. That's actually just funny. His eyes were like, bugging out of his head. It was a really funny actually. There's a good thing. There's a village people song them in there, all that. Oh, I don't know. I don't have to say that. I was sitting in the bed so I was my dog. I hope she makes it. She's my little two and a half pound York. She's got to get some surgery, get spained. And I don't know, she's got a lot of meat here, something like that. But so I'm sitting in the dental office and I'm playing these videos. I had to hit my earphones in. And I'm laughing. And I don't realize how loud I'm laughing. Everyone's looking at me like, you know, because everyone talks and everyone's like, sight and mute, silent, you know, they're all looking at their phone. And I'm just laughing out loud because they're so funny that like, that like, I couldn't, like, bottle of laughter. And people like that guy's a sick guy was doggy. Sickenies like laughing. Yeah. I'm like, am I actually that kind of a bit like a strayer when a bit's charged, a thousand and thousands. It's like, oh, New York is what he was the worst. I actually had an animal that they got surgery in New York with $7,000. And the dog didn't even make it through the night. And I thought the pay to $7,000. I said the dog didn't even make it. I don't know. It's crazy. It's a fart. It'd be a lot cheaper. You want to hear something? The guy who's the guy who's operating on my dog. Who I don't get to meet because he was too busy in another surgery. The lives across the canal for me. His property, there's a property like a lot next door to me that he owned that I actually bought. I've never met the guy. I've been in the vet so often, at least 20 times. Every time I'm in there, I'm like, can I see Dr. Carl? Oh, he's too busy right now. I'm like, you live across my neighbor. Now he's operating on my dog. He's at my dog's life in his hands. And I haven't still yet to meet the guy. I've been here for six years. And it doesn't. Then you can launch it across the canal. That's right. I'm going to start taking shots and it's going to cross. Speaking of that, have you got that series over here? I just watched the list. Watched the note in the last few days. I was at Dr. Diff TV series. Have you watched that one with a really bored one in Christian? And later in that? Now, what did you see? It's a true story of this guy. He was in a, it was like a doctor, of course. But he did like surgery on people's spines, like neurosurgery in that. And out of 38 operations, I think 33 were paralyzed and five. He needed and stuff like that. He had just go in there and stuff. Will he just sat out and just fucking do it? I'm not. It's kind of hack job, huh? Yeah, it's just like only a couple of years ago. We've got sentenced to life in jail and shit. But it's been based on the true story called Dr. Diff. And he just moved around. He got kicked out of one hospital. He had to get a license somewhere else. He didn't do it on purpose. He just did terrible surgery. What I said that he was a terrible surgeon, they said he was very smart in life. He could have done like, you know, like studies and look at stuff. That sort of stuff. But when it came to surgery, and everything just wasn't any good. But that one said anything to him. So he'd go in there and cut people's arteries. Now just start bleeding out. He'd sell him up with stuff in. But they reckon that's how they got it because they said that he must have been deliberately gorned. And he said an email to the school. He was having an affair with an email that's saying like, you know what it's like to be God and I can kill people and this sort of stuff. So he made all the things out of it. It was another like, yeah, like a psychic, like a really high on almost like Ali Baldwin in that movie of Malice when he said, you asked you by the God like complex. He's like, I am God. There was actually like that. Yeah. So that's pretty good. It's kind of Dr. Diff. I just think it's a true story. And then I watched last night I watched that other one about the rapists here, killed it just caught only a year or two ago to the one in Los Angeles or around that area Sacramento. Robyn, the rapper. They call the rapper? It was like one of those two. He's something that rep are inside. Rapists and that yeah, he's done like 800 people on the one, killed him. It trucks stuff. He was like, yeah, it was a good one. They're a cackle. DNA, they kept collecting DNA because this thing on I watched on it, this documentary, this woman wrote a book about it. But she passed away. She was married to that. You know, I'm gonna be so a reason for me to get the book coming. They kept going. They said DNA stuff. So eventually they went through his trash later. And it was actually a policeman. You might remember him. He was in court only a year or two. He was like a real old guy in a wheelchair. Yeah, a face shield on. Oh, really? He was actually a cop the guy. Yeah. Those guys would not be to you would not get away with crime. The lot better probably than the other person. I think he raped like 50 or 60 murdered 15. Wow. He was real sick out, huh? Holy shit. Hey, let's just say, if you got a hobby, be good at it. That's what I said. I mean, I'm all. I should have hung him up in the center square there and raised more. But isn't it weird, because you can do that back in the 60s or 70s when DNA wasn't that great. Well, because they kept the London DNA and now things have progressed so far that this woman in the book, her last page in the book, she said, like, one day you're going to be an old man. You're going to hear a car pull up, they'll be a knock at your door and stuff like this and they're going to get you and pretty much help. That's what I work. Yeah. That wouldn't have been, that's called alone. Aloning the dark or something. It's called the Docu series on TV, at loaning the... Well, I like this. I don't like to watch things where I'm going to have a bad feeling after the things over with, you know, because the guys that just sit down. Oh, no. That's what, hey, Dave. What's, you know, there's always funny right from the moment I think I'm like, oh, you look at the Docs. I think of course it's not depressing. What do you think? Some of the climbing crew are on. Well, you watch a lot of these depressing. I don't want to watch it. I don't want to see some funny rapists guys rape 50 people. I mean, they probably interviewed the, they probably interviewed all the victims too, right? Yeah. But Nick Gick is an Ad in light because they're old at two now because a lot of them were right for now, 15, 16 and maybe in the 50s and 60s and they said it was the best fuck they ever had. Oh, that's not bad. That's not bad. That's not bad. I saw the ad. That's your psycho path coming out. Let's get back, I want to get back to the Chicago Pro for a minute because we talked about the high-end of the talk. We talked about the talk. Pull that list up, Tyler, up there. So we got a couple people that, you know, a lot of people in that talking about who's Simon Stoff obviously has done almost every show, Eslam Muhammad who also did almost every show this year. These are guys that could certainly challenge Muhammad Shaban too. I was very impressed with it the last time he competed. I think a lot of these guys can do this. What? There's the one Christians trying and is that a stop? Stop, stop, stop. I know that. I'm not saying, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I keep confusing him because you remember, you remember, the stop of Muhammad with the big quads? Yeah, he's a lying king. He's a lie in king. He's a lie in king. Yeah, that's yeah, that's the father, right? I don't know. I'm sorry, thank you, sir. Tyler. I always seen him. What if he just nails his conditioning? He said he's got all the mess in the world. That guy said. That's how he's conditioning that's been holding you back that little bit. He's not far off. It just looks like that, you know, they get that film award and they just can't get rid of that sort of stuff. When you do that, many shows in a row lead. Don't you think your body kind of stagnates after a while and it's hard to dial it in? It just won't go beyond a certain point. You could starve the person they will not lose anymore. I've done that. I've done that before where you do so many shows and then you get to a point. Like you said, you can cut your calories down. You can go zero carbs. You can do more cardio. You just don't get any better. It's almost like your body said, hey, I've had enough. It just starts. That's what it just starts. It's almost like it's fight. It's like it's fight. It's like it's fight. If you just hit me head against the war and then, cause you get so frustrated and stressed out, you must start to look even worse. So we better off just pull and depend. I don't know. I guess maybe if you've never hit your peak, it might be a different situation but there is a little bit of a theory. I haven't hit my peak yet. I'm still waiting. Another person on the list is Akimarkel, also another guy who could be a factor we don't know about. I've seen some of his pictures that we could pull. He was looking pretty good to me from the pictures I saw over him. He's a sleeper guy that you know, not no one's talking about, but could sneak in there and do some damage. Yeah, so I'm on the show just this morning on the news, there's some big flooding Germany. I've seen Merkel day when they're just talking about the flooding and the river that washed away people in Germany. Same person we're talking about. Yeah, that's interesting. I just heard Merkel, I was just saying that there's a chance. I don't know. He's like, I like Zack's physique a lot and I think he's got a lot. Bells and whistles on it and that's, you know, that's something that, you know, if he comes in with ridiculous conditioning, he could be guys that like, you know, that no one expected of the beat and I think that. What does the good thing? Because we haven't seen a lot of these people staying side by side and as we said, we can all look great in Instagram pictures and buy ourselves and stuff. But once you get on stage, under the lights, because some people, even the stage lighting at some shows, you can look great at one show, being the same condition, go to a show, we're glad people say you're smooth, but you're still in the same condition, but the lighting just, you know, smooth, you're out and stuff like that. Well, how many people are asking you for contracts anyway, Dave, you said people ask you for contract, you can't sign anyone, you're waiting for me. So, I asked Lee, this is a report that he always ignores the question when I ask him about it, though. I'm very, I'm very expensive. Yeah, I think I could say that, but you're so worthedly. Oh, I know, you might have fired it. I did it, but I won't. I did it, but I won't. I leave maybe a little video with me saying, this is not just so long I get a my way. I can't play it though, just it's to demoditize, put that list up there again, Tyler. I'm not done critiquing. I mean, have any of these in your show like this thing? Okay, I mean, this 15 on the list here, Brett Welkin, I think making his protebium, I see also Seth Shaw from Las Vegas, another good guy, Joe Mackie, Joe Mackie from Dallas, that's a tremendous amount of stuff. Yeah, I've seen a couple of videos of him trading and that he looks pretty good. Yeah, Max draws in the lineup as well, probably one of the best, best upper bodies in the industry, you know, best backs. So we're going to see a good show in Chicago here, the two 12 in class, I'm not going to go over all that, but those lineups are really good as well. I'm actually excited for this show because I don't really know who's going to win and obviously really is the favorite of course. And we're all waiting to see Rally show up because I think it really shows up at his best and brings a ridiculous look to the stage and wins, you know, pretty unanimously. You got to throw his name in there as a potential guy to win the Olympia. I think he can challenge Randy. Exactly. Obviously, don't be too hard. Easy. Easy. Easy. But the thing is, is really in the country now. Yeah, I'm going to ask him a question he must be. I'm sure I know I'm a hope so for his sake. Imagine if Rally pulls the trifecta wins this show, wins the Arnold and then wins the Olympia. I mean, that would maybe be the greatest, you know, come from behind, you know, come back a more time, you know. So. Well, I think I think we've just many people qualifying now even like I said, even first place at the Arnold gets to qualify now. I think come to the Olympia with some of the people who weren't in it. The Olympia is going to be a good show. Even though the Arnold's going to be a great show to the Olympia because you're going to have, you know, Ramy and it's so to put all these guys in it. Let's just say like, you know, everyone comes in great shape at the Olympia. Be hard to say, really is the top favorite because yes, really speaking all, but then you got the other guys who have the free here aspect and stuff like that. And then you have Kai Green in it day. I just thought of throw that in. I go that was my final question. I saw the Kai Green was teasing potentially doing the Arnold UK show. There was some back and forth. I saw Instagram stuff where with Kai was like, you know, hinting that he'd be in the show somehow. Whether he's there just watching or doing the show. I don't know. That's a different question. You think we just fought out front. I just fought out front and in for the people in the comics. Well, yeah, did you say, I think you sent me the screen show, right? Or did I send it to you? I don't remember, but there was something with Kai Green and the Arnold people going back and forth and suggesting that he was going to be in the show. Yeah, but he said a qualified today. Lampia, the Arnold UK. I don't think the UK would know, but if Kai did the Arnold UK, don't you think they would invite him to the Olympia, especially if you're one of the show. And you think so. If anyone deserves a not invite, I think Kai is earned the invite without that. If he, and especially if he did a show like a couple weeks before, I think that would at least show that he's serious about the fact that he wants to do the Olympia. So I think you have to almost give him the special invite, you know, if he won the Arnold UK. The question is, if he was a second at the Arnold UK, would you give him an invite? That's the question. Yeah, it's hard to say, because he's kind of bringing money in his it is. So, you know, if you put, what do you do? You got to be thinking that the good for the Olympia for the, you know, the money, people of fans, but then you got a dev half-sign, he doesn't deserve it. He shouldn't be this. So you're not going to win that meta. What did get so? I said last year that Randy should have gotten a special invite. And that was only because he wasn't, you know, he wasn't a Kai Green, you know, with the level of titles he had. I'm glad he got it because he got the Olympia win, but I think if anyone deserves it, who's, you know, in the current crop of guys, I think Kai definitely deserves a special invite. Well, it's point, you know. And even like I said, you know, for all me comes in shape. You know, he can probably agree, Peter, win it again, but, you know, we for all me sometimes. He hasn't got that track record yet of coming in shape every show. So he's got to, you know, even Rami won it last year. You still want to big if the prove it again, he can do it again. And if he gets over there and Dennis helps you again, I'm sure he'll be on track, but just not setting stone where someone like Ronnie, you know, would always hit his conditioning or Dory and or somebody like that or when feel he was in it. You know, you know, and shape again, a win. When you should be, you should get yourself in shape. That's really what you say. I mean, that's that's face that I mean. But don't stop now that you have people complaining to comment, say, should you get a baby sitting in shape? Well, that's what Dennis says, but you know what it works. Look, whatever they would have they worked out, we could just And chat and they figured it out right. Stay quiet. Essentially, essentially a candle. I like that. It's pretty good. Snake oil. Yeah. Dr. Salte's snake oil candle. You always have like some unusual kind of items in your house, like, you know, something. And it's usually something that a pan is like, like, like myself. Yeah. Did you actually buy that yourself? I did someone send that to you. I brought it because I didn't need shock it up in these little country tennis over 150 years ago in the HANA Valley. That's what it is. I asked Dr. Salte, pattern and the incredible healing and therapeutic powers. He secretly blended snake oil, tonic and the thing was, it saws from the world's most venomous servants, the aroma from this, the mixer is guaranteed to kill all that oils and feels that empty void deep down in the bottom of your soul. I got a lot to fill. Initially, when I did, when I ended the lid, I said to my mother, what's that smell like? And the reason I brought it was my grandfather. You know, the old shaving set should get with the shaving brush and you put the cream on your face. Yeah. I just like that. So when I got, I just know it's like my grandfather's. Hello. I have a special guest for you. Some female muscle. Female muscle. It's a peddle of looking at you. That's for sure. That is great. Just just sitting, just sitting, just sitting, Dave's cheating. Very good. Now how, like, Flex Lewis has got everyone moving down to Las Vegas to train. I'm moving everyone down to Fort Myers Cape Coral area now. So I did a macadena marker of the South here. I know Dave's getting older and lost a bit of size, but I didn't realize how shitty you looked to a woman's to be sized up. Jesus Christ, your pathetic Dave. I don't know. Look at this. I don't tell you, should I see the other eye? I don't want to keep seeing that left arm all the time. I want to see the right arm. The bad one. The bad one. The bad one. The bad one that's still better than everyone still is. It's still like, okay. Yeah. I like it. I like it. I think you said shirt. I like the shirt. This one? Yeah. Bal, Bal for Duckions. Yeah. All right. It's when I was doing expandable's five, Dave. I just, Dave. They should get you in on this. I know. I got, I got the look down on. Maybe what's his name? Adam Coral can make a few phone calls for you since he likes you. Oh, you've got someone should. No one. Maybe Sean or A can, he knows everybody now doesn't. Yeah. Believe me, he'd get himself in that way before you though. What's going on here? You're doing an interview with Dave or he just hanging out. They just moved out there. They're hanging out. They're hanging out. They're hanging out. We can't meet Dave and see how's everything with him. Worst decision. I'll be like, mate and Dave. Hey. I'm surprised you're letting people in without a mask. He's like Mr. Mr. Coward. This is, yeah, I'm going against my rules here. But I think, big Jimmy's not going to be happy. He's like, oh, you let a female, you let me in. Well, no, Jimmy came the day after I had cancer surgery. That was the difference. See that one. Doesn't matter. Doesn't matter. Anyway, well, you know what, we're going to wrap this up today. For now, let's see, you know, hopefully we're going to be reporting a really Winkle a win. I think Hunter LeBros is going to give him a run for his money and we'll have to see who the wildcards are in there for now, though. At least it's going to be like I said, it's going to be a good show. Whether, like I said, all those people on stage together is going to be very interesting to see because it's a mixed bag of physique's mass size symmetry of mass and then some with condition to earn his big. So I think it's going to be like I said, if they're all in shape, I still, yeah, it's going to be interesting. So, but at the moment, I'll be going LeBrosder and Ruelly one and two just depending on what the judge is want. But then again, one of those other names could slip into. It's raining man. You're going to go by and I'm going to go by some YouTube products because I want to look like Sean, right? He's like a mutant. If he wasn't mutant before you go on the X main, what mutant would lead me? He'd be the senator. What was the guy you were the blue guy? The beast. He'd be the blue guy. The guy who was like the senator, what was his name? What was his character name? But then he beast wasn't he? Yeah, but it looked like a wolf man. Sean Ray would be sure a big beast. Really? How did he come up with that? I don't know. What would he be? What would you think he would be? I don't know. What was the worst one on that? What was the worst one on that? What would you be? Who would you be if you were immune? Well, gone by the card, it would have to be Wolverine because in the comic book, Wolverine was a strain in five foot five. Oh, I didn't know he was so short. Who would I be? Yes, yes. I had to shave my head. You'd be more like the blue one beast. You know, back in the day, that's more beast. Looking because he's pretty big and musk. I think he got Sean Ray to be beast. No, I would be Sean Ray. What was the guy's name? Who was the Wolverine's name? Cyclops. The name is Sabotu. Sabotu. Sabotu. How did you know who was the survivor? Yeah, I think Sean Ray would be Xavier's wheelchair. Black men would be the black men would want to be Xavier. Now, Sean Ray would be that one. He's like the little character that had the tail and he likes, he'd go like this appear from the earth. He's Sean Ray alone. He's got a mutant contract. No one else has gone one. Don't be jealous. I'm dead. He's a funny, funny, funny, funny, funny history. The place where he was. He's a funny, funny, funny, funny, funny story. He's been in history to pay a company to have you on the show. I'm Dave Rubble. I'm a free sprinter of Iron Rage. Thank you, Mr. Let loose.