I'm gonna be launching the tasty pastry for the low-car pop tart. We've got three and four brands in that carps, and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to Legendary Foods, Muscle in the Morning. On day polo and today is Friday, July 23, 2021. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Ladies and gentlemen, you've heard about it. You've read about it. You've been waiting for it, and now it's official. We are less than 24 hours away from the Chicago Pro, and Hunter LeBrotter is coming in hot. According to LeBrotter, this has been the most perfect prep of his career. And he feels like he's at a point now where he can dial it in more so than he ever could in the past. We already know how deep this line of vision, how much is it stake with this thing 13 or 14 weeks out from the Olympia, which adds its own element of pressure. But if he ends up running away with this one, it'll give him a ton of momentum heading into October, and it'll give him a lot more flexibility in how we plot the next phase of his season. Outside of Hunter LeBrotter, we can't talk about the top contenders in the men's open here without mentioning really winglers name. Truth be told, I think there's a solid argument for really being the favorite heading into this weekend when you consider the fact that he hasn't competed from more than a year, which means that we should be less than 24 hours away from seeing one of the best versions of Rully that we've ever seen. This should be the kick ass and take names version of Rully that we all thought we were going to see on the Olympia stage last year. So if you can prove that he can show up and be that guy again, now we're looking at a refreshed and reloaded, really winkler heading into the arle of the full steam ahead, which is something no one else not lineup wants any part of. I have one last thought that I want to share about the men's open before we move on. Don't sleep on Mohan and Shabon. Plain and Simple, he's already had a handful of top three finishes this year, and in at least one of those shows, it felt like the first and second place came down to a coin flip. And it's not like those were cupcake line, I've seen there. He's been running headfirst into line up as full of monsters all year long, and it hasn't slowed him down one bit. And when the final numbers are all tally here, I wouldn't be surprised if we saw his name up there landing in the top three. Since I just mentioned Rully heading into the arle, a few minutes ago, I figured that we might as well jump right into this update on William Bonac, because the reigning and defending Arnold Classic champ has been on a roll lately. The update we've seen coming from William's camp over the last month or so had been hard to wrap your head around, especially when you take where he was at. If the start of this prep into consideration, within a matter of weeks, it looks like he's turned into a completely different person. And the man we're looking at now looks a whole lot like the one we saw March and Columbus, Ohio, and take no prisoners on his way to winning that title last year. And here's the craziest part about the whole thing, it's only July. And his best version is a puzzle that other people just haven't solved yet. And that does it to get another edition of Muscle in the Morning on April 1, reminding you to always be true to your passions, and they should have followed us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.