Welcome back to live with Brought to You by Species Nutrition. Visit speciesnutrition.com. I'm Dave Palumbo. And today's guest is a special one. I always like to showcase new talent up and coming guys. I'm going to be on board and play second in the super heavyweight class this past weekend at the USA Championships. Super impressed me. That's for sure in Chris Asito. We talked about him on the radio. Just narrowly miss winning that pro car. So I want to get him here today and learn a little bit more about him. And hopefully you guys will get to learn a lot about him as well. And we'll see what he's got planning for the future. So Ron, welcome to the show. Hey, it was going on, Dave. Thanks for having me. Not in my pleasure. Great job at the USA. I know it was a closed battle. I think it was a three point decision. You just barely missed getting that pro car. You had to, I know the feeling because I was there when a couple of times in my life. It's, you're so close, but yet you're so far, you know. Yeah, I mean, I'm still kind of getting over it. I'm trying to turn the page. And one of the things I don't think a lot of people outside of bodybuilding don't realize is that there's no carryover effect from one show to the next. You know, there's not one of these processes where you can continue to build up some type of momentum. You can go from second and I go to my next show and get 16. You know, so if you're going to get that pro car at the end of the day, I'm no closer than I was before I got there outside of obviously improving my physique or one year to the net. You know, your coach Jim called me up and he was like, you're so furious. He didn't want to, he didn't want to. And it's funny. He didn't know that I was feeling the same way. So, you know, I said, man, this guy looks really good. So, you know, sometimes, you know, if you're not, they don't really know you. Sometimes you got to put your, your dude is in a little bit. Obviously, you know, the winner had won the junior. I say, overall, already, he was kind of well known. And so we're going to end up in your him tomorrow. But the bottom line is that, you know, now everyone knows who you are. So now we have to find out where he came from because I didn't really just six foot one. And you're only 242 pounds. You look a lot bigger on stage. And I got to do this. Your body appears to be at least 20 pounds bigger than you. Then you're, wait, but suggest. Well, that's a good bodybuilding. Yeah. That's no good. I would hate to be 280 and look 240. Yeah. I lean on the fact that I have very small insertions. I got small wrist, small ankles. So obviously, you kind of get the illusion that things are a lot bigger and full of really are with the guards can wake. So, you know, by overwork, actually get to the 270 right and whatnot. It will be pretty nice to see. Now, you know, you've been trained for a bunch of years, but you really haven't, you competed, you didn't compete. You know, you're 35 years old. You're not, you're not like one of these young guys coming up. But you haven't been in the sport that long. You have a very fresh look to your physique. You know, your body is still improving. Obviously, you know, what originally got you interested in pursuing bodybuilding. How old were you in the time? I'm very first show was 2010. It was an after show with the WMBF. So, that's what that put me in about 27 years old. So, I prepared for the show for about six weeks. I know what I was doing. A-8-2. And in a car for about six weeks, I showed up and I won my class. Wow. As far as I'm interested in it, I was just always that guy that people kind of looked at, they saw the potential in me. But, you know, something I never really attached myself to, I think, most bodybuilders before they actually stepped on stage. You had this type of mentality about putting on some man panties and francing around. Absolutely. You never really seen yourself being that guy. All right. Well, it was hard for me to attach myself to that idea at the time. It's funny because it's always the guy. The guys that have no genetic count whatsoever are can't wait to get on stage. That there's so much that there's nothing in the guys like you that have this crazy genetic ability to do this. And it comes, I shouldn't say easy, but it comes easier to you. And you kind of take it, you took it for granted, really. I mean, it was like you did shows. You want a bunch of weight class titles over the past years. And you never really thought about pursuing national levels of competitions, right? No, you're right. After I went to my show, I went over all of the, I would almost always win my class. And I just became that guy that did two regional shows dieted for six weeks. Showed up, you know, took some type of waterfield from GNC and I went. And when I was asked about doing a national show, it was all I'll do it next year. So I went on that care cell for about five years until last year's USAs. And I was fortunate enough to play spit. And it was a really big experience. It was an out opener for me because once again, like I said, I had not trained for a national show. It was just kind of something that I felt like, okay, I think I'm good enough on the shape. I had eyeballed it. So, you know, drove down the Vegas and I did pretty well. You know, I, I, I, I was talking about you on the radio with Chris and see, you know, I said, this guy reminds me of a young Ronnie Coleman because Ronnie Coleman started the same way. He didn't, he just wanted a free membership to the gym. He didn't even want to compete, you know, and he got kind of forced into it in the sense and, and he just realized how good he was at it and then he embraced it. I've had you at this point now that you're so close to getting that IPB pro. Have you embraced your, your talents at this point and say, hey, I'm going to give 100% to this now? Yeah, I've embraced it every since last year. I would say this particular prep going into this year. I've had a very, you know, steel focus. But yeah, with regards to the Ronnie Coleman comparison, that is extremely high praise. I think even a pro being compared to Ronnie Coleman is something special. You know, let alone a guy that hasn't even gotten his pro card. But with, with regards to the comparison outside of our name, the one thing I will say is that I look at Ronnie's career and, you know, not just the gym members, just getting here into the sport, but the fact that he was a late bloomer, you know, and one of the things I think about with regards to people is that you can lose a show and bodybuilding to a guy and that could be the most in the max that that guy will ever be able to do. You know, he may beat you at that back class. I recall that when you were saying Ronnie Coleman got 14. Yeah. In the end of the 13 and got before him came close to winning in Olympia with the exception of like, like, we like. So it just kind of goes to show you like a bodybuilding. You never really know, you know, you never really know. One guy's got his peak and one guy just up and coming. So, and I want to thank you guys for that comparison. There's definitely motivating when I listen to it. I told my coach, I listen to it yesterday. I listen to it and I told my coach, and I want to put 800 pounds in my back right now. So it definitely lit a fire under me, you know, for sure, because Ronnie's the king, man. He's awesome. Yeah. Now, you know, just for people who might think that this stuff comes easy for you, you've had some adversity that you've overcome over the years. You tore both biceps, which I find almost impossible to believe. I'm going to have Tyler, my producer, put up pictures in that front double bicep. Your arms are probably your best body part. How did you tell your biceps and how did they get reconnected so well? Well, I'm going to tell you about that and then, you know, my coach is probably going to bite my head off and tell you that, but so the first time I rubship my right bicep, I was visiting home and Detroit with my buddy. And we're getting a good chance to end. I instead of taking a dumbbell to my knee, safely, and I'm showing off I'm young. I just try to reverse curl it halfway down my bicep just my chin and just snaps. You know, and if you've ever done anything like that, it's a feeling that it's really hard to describe, but it's a steakable at the same time. No, it's an internal match of body gives all. So that went a flew back home to Cali. I got that repaired, right? Yeah. Doc tells me it would be good as new, but it's going to take six months because he had a special procedure for me. So, six months later to the day, I'm good. My strength is back. I'm playing basketball and ball things. I reach out to get a steel. Soon as my left arm extend, that tend to snap. Oh my god. Completely non-contact injury. Yep. And the only reason I knew is because once again, that I'm going to stay at the wall filling, you know, because I had not rubs you that who would think they'd tear bicep just reaching out into the area, you know? Right. So, at that rehab was done, obviously, you know, the six months. So, you're talking about a whole year of not even being able to squat because you can't balance the puck. I go to the gym and I just did a little press. That's all I can really do. And occasionally I do some single arm dumbbell deadlifts and that's pretty awkward. So that year was in the wind and when the guards tune how they are now, the funny thing is, my coach makes me train arms. Right. I absolutely don't train them. But how can you know, trains? Is it just naturally that big? Yeah. Well, they grow and I get a little bit doing back. And I think after my surgery went through, it was always, it was always in the back of my mind that it could happen. Right. You know, I'm your son. So, I kind of put arms in the same category as abs. I'm going to show you it's closer. I'll give a little bit more attention. I might train them once a week at that point. But I really don't train arms that much. Well, you know, people watch this. This guy is the FM because everyone wants big arms. You know, no one finds it arms grow that easily. I mean, you're telling me you have to stop training because they can make growth too easily. That's just insane. But that's called genetic. You know, some people got it, some people don't. And you got, like I said, you know, ideally, I don't have a lot of time to do that. Ideally, I think, you know, you're high six foot one. You could probably hold a good two, you know, 260, 270 pounds on your frame and it would still look really good. Which is scary when you think that that's 30 pounds more muscle than you have. Yeah, I walk around. I stayed fairly lean even in the offseason. And I've gotten this heaviest 275. And even with that, I probably could easily put on 295 without, you know, have very about time. My shoes or anything. Now, again, it's not easy. I tell people all the time. Boking for me is harder than leaning out. Because, well, because I find that it's easier to not eat when you're hungry than to be full and just put you in that food. Yeah. And you're staring at 10 ounces of chicken breast and you're not interested. That's rough. You're just telling me. It's 30. Would you say you have a fast metabolism, do you get in shape relatively quickly once you start to contest diet? I do. I do get in shape fairly quickly. But at the same time, I don't ever balloon up. You know, I'll get some of the things I'm going to do. Go pretty far in the offseason. And I always say, I don't really want to create too much homework for myself. Well, I try to stay within about two weeks of being on stage at all times so that if I've got to turn it up a notch, I can. And then on the backside of that, you know, I just try to make sure that I'm ready to get on stage two weeks before it's held. Can I check in? That's smart. Now, obviously, being as close as you was at the USA, are you considering making a run at the North Americans coming up in a few weeks? I'm considering it. I'm definitely considering it. Now, obviously, with the guys to prep, this is going to be uncharted territory for me. You know, I'm coming for being a guy that two shows a year to now try to turn around and do something within about four weeks. So between my coaching and James Judge and FZK, we're just going to see how I respond these next couple of weeks. And depending on how I look, we're going to make a starting decision on going ahead to go to Pittsburgh. I'm not. We're just going to push the course and match them with my am. All right. Well, good luck. Congratulations on the second place at the USA. I really believe you're next in line. I think you got a tremendous future ahead of you. Don't go tearing any more bicep heads, but you got extra despair, at least. You're like a guy who has an extra tire in the rear view, or sort of saying you're a truck that's just as good as the other tires on there. So, you know, like I said, it's nice to hear that you know, people are able to overcome adversity. And sometimes overcoming adversity makes you appreciate what you have a lot more and doesn't make you take for granted the gifts that you have. Had did you notice that after that, those bicep terrors? Yeah, well, absolutely. You know, and I'll touch on something you said earlier about, you know, the late start. You know, there are times where I get very, very curious as to where I could be as a body builder. Had I really attached myself to those ideas. Right. But, you know, every action has an equal reaction. And you know, body building has a huge burnout factor with a lot of guys who come in and they go a little bit too hard and, you know, have first things happen, including debt. And I think that because I didn't go in on the positive side of that, I developed the level of maturity, respect for the process and the level of discipline that I don't think I probably would have had that I'd be starting off, you know, 100%, that 25 years old. You know, in like you said, for my body still looks fresh, it's not beat down. And you know, I see a lot of guys with a lot of elements that I really don't have fortunately. Very, very true. Very true. Well, like I said, best of luck at that North American to be decided to do it, you'll have to let us know. So, maybe we'll get you on the show again, you know, get a little update from you. So, and once again, you know, enjoy the second place. It was, you know, you truly made an aim for yourself and I think people have taken notice and, you know, your next in life. I appreciate that Dave and thanks for having me on and I didn't say it early, but I truly watch all of your content. Whenever I throw on my YouTube, I got a little RX muscle in the morning popping up. So, it always watch you know, I'm saying you and Big Lini and lead priest and all of the crew, man. So, the legends of the body building world, Ronnie Coleman and Big Lini in the same sentence. Imagine that you know we watch as A-Ron. Congratulations, and we'll be following you at the North American for now that we're out of time until next time, I'm Dave Palombo. Stay tuned.