Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X-Box, our 30-year-in-a-row, and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry with a low-car caulk tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. On day polonvo and today is Friday, September 25th, 2020, and let's find out what's going on in the world of body-gulling and fitness. People like to say that it ain't over until it's over, which is true in most cases, but he on Pearson isn't most people, and this isn't most cases. So even though it might be premature to say that the 2012 is a done deal at next month's Chicago Prout, I'm sure we can find a few people who would say that it's over for everyone else in this lineup. He on steam released new progress photos before this 2012 debut on Monday and based on those photos alone, it feels like this could be a one-horse race. So if he is as good as advertised, it means everyone else is stuck fighting for second place. Even though the old saying where there's a will, there's a way is a super cliché. One of the things you come to realize is you're good older, well, is that it's true. You don't have to look any further than Ronnie Coleman to understand what I'm talking about. Two days ago, Ronnie released a video, knocking out a set of floor presses for reps where we saw the eight-time Olympic a champ doing what he's done is entire career by willing himself through every rep, even with all the hip and back surgeries. There he is, still in his element. Still not making any excuses and still finding a way to get the job done. The man's will is unbreakable, and if more people would talk to it that mentality, they would be a lot better off. When you compete at the highest level, finding someone who pushes you to be your best can be an absolute game changer. And for that reason alone, I think we should be paying attention to what Riegen Grimes and Zain Watts in our doing, because these two are cooking up something special. Riegen and Zain linked up a few weeks ago to give Riegen that final push he needs to hit the ground running if they're your rope-up pro in Spain next month. And it's been incredible to see how Riegen's body has responded so far. As of right now, this might be the best Riegen's ever looked this far out from a show, which means that he'll be in contention to buy for one of the three Olympiac Qualifications spots they have up for grabs. And if they can use this show as a rough draft to work out the case, by the time he hits the Olympia in December, he might be ready to challenge for a top spot. If you're a women's physique athlete, this might be a good time for you to flip to something else, because Sheneek ran, looks like she's getting ready to hurt some feelings. As of this week, Sheneek's prep is operating at full swing, as the two-time defending champ looks to make it three in a row. Early in our career, the biggest knock on Sheneek was that she just couldn't stay healthy long enough to make her real push for the title. But now that she's gotten past those hurdles, you can make an argument that she's been the most dominant athlete in any division for the better part of the last two and a half years. Add that to the fact that she's chasing history now with the chance to become the winning us to athlete of all time in the division. And I think it sets up this year to be a perfect storm where Sheneek can deliver one of those Ronnie Coleman 2003 moments. These next few months are about to get wild, so if you're a fan of the division, I would get your popcorn ready. And that does it the end another edition of Muscle in the Morning on Day Palombo reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.