I'm going to launch the tasty pastry for the low-car hot tart, we've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. Today, Palombo, and today is Wednesday, July 14th, 2021, and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Ladies and gentlemen, we're back in bed of the never, and once again, we have a brand new edition of Recap Wednesday coming your way. Starting with this look back at the Omaha Pro. We're starting with the women's bodybuilding, and as the big headline coming out of the weekend here was our pre-show favorite, Michaela A. Cock, being completely dominant in her bodybuilding debut as she soared to a really impressive victory. So congratulations to her. In women's physique, second year pro, Christelli, Zeroska put together her all-time best, and the judges decided to reward her with the first win of her pro career. And in the Vegated Division, Jessica Williams pulled out all the stops to secure the win and earned herself a well-deserved trip to the Olympia stage. The other show on the Docket this weekend was the Patriots Pro, which was the bikini only event held out in Las Vegas. And once again, when it was all set in done, I can't believe I'm saying it again. Ashley Colt-Wasser continued her incredible run by racking up yet another win right there in her own backyard. Venea Augusti secured the best finish of her career by sliding comfortably into second place here, while rookie Ariel Barley took third in her pro debut. Fourth place went to Lexus Redman, who looked like she started to get herself back on track and closing out this strong top five group with another solid performance was Corey Hageman, who's put together a nice season so far. Bodybuilding is subjective, there are very few things that people infand in this industry come to a consensus on. But now in times out of ten, when you ask someone to name the best poser in the business, think I'm going to tell you it's Terrence Ruffin. And last weekend, the fans at the NPC Twin City's open got to see him put his talents on full display. A side for the fact that he's mesmerizing to watch, one of the things that jumps out to you right away when you see this video is the new quality size that he's put on since the Olympia last year. I don't know what those numbers look like in terms of stage weight and truth be told it really doesn't matter because a few pounds on a frame like his goes a very long way. The man is going to be dangerous at the Arnold Classic. So you might want to get your popcorn ready because you know that he's going in there looking to put on a show. For his greatest Terrence Ruffin was last weekend, if you were a fan in the building, you must have walked out of there feeling like you got your money's worth because what you saw from Charles Riffin was out of this world too. Charles was one of the other featured guest poses of the evening there and as soon as he stepped onto that stage, you can feel the energy change. Even though he still for weeks out from the Tampa Pro, you can tell that this is the best that he's ever been in his career. This conditioning is great. His waist looks significantly small that it was last time we saw him, which was one of the big knocks on him and he's also insanely dense all the way around. He's got a wow fact that to his physique right now. So it keeps getting better between now and Tampa. We might have to start having some serious conversations soon about him walking out there as the eventual winner. And that does it. If you had another addition of muscle in the morning, um, they pull on Bo Ramining you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.