Alright, this is Dave Pulumball with RXMuscle.com. I am here at the Parkside Bowling Alley in Aurora, Illinois outside Chicago. We are here for the Bro's first pros at nine last man standing weekend and we are here for the celebrity Bolethon men first women battle of the sexist. Let's get right to the action and see who's gonna be bowling tonight. We walk over here to the men's table with the astrati-guys in figuring out how they will defeat the women here tonight. We have the white rhino stand effeting in the house. What do you do here all the way from Portland? We are going to beat the girls. No mercy. We are going to shoot whatever it takes. What is no rules? No, we have big daughters on this team too. We are going to put our daughters in the pot when it takes off. Just when people thought that you might be the biggest guy here, this guy rolls in the town. One of the world's strongest men, Derek Poundstone in the house. Are you a good boulder? No. The bowling is not your forte. No. That's just what it's around ball. I'm pretty good ground. Yeah, you pick them up. You don't even throw them now. Byron Hicks the owner of Jack Tard Quill will be hosting the Bro's first pros. This is your hometown here. Is this a monumental event here in Aurora, Illinois? Bowling. Bowling. I've never seen someone like myself assemble a group of competitors to nobody here. I've never seen anybody assemble a group of competitors. Thank you. Thank you very much. Standing citizens are still. And we have I have the reproach of Michael Libertori here as well. You're a Chicago guy. You live it up here in the Chicago area. What would this be considered Aurora as opposed to Chicago? Is this like a suburb? It's definitely a suburb. It's a little west from where I met in the little Southwest, but it's definitely a suburb. Now what people don't realize is I didn't notice myself. You used to have a 210 bowling average. I'm setting up. So it doesn't do. I was with my late teens early 20. You without good a boulder? Yeah, I grew up doing it my dad and my uncle were scratch balls. So we got a ringer. And I'm going to be I'm going to be throwing my hat into the ring here as well to help these guys hopefully defeat the women over there. You know, I have a feeling we have a couple of ringers. I think Noah Trimbles are wringer. She beats me and we've rolling. So she might know what she's doing. Mom beats me people. Really? All right. So that doesn't mean anything. All right. Let's go over and check out the women. All right women you're supposed to be assembling here and looking like you guys know what you're doing. Oh yeah, we're going to come over here at first to the Brows v. Brows eight overall champion, Michaela soda. I have to be figure pro. This is your hometown area here. Yes, it is. You're showing up. I know you're a little afraid of the germs at the bowling alley. You were telling me. She's got her. I got her. I got her. I got her. I got her. I got a spray it on everything. Do you have any bowling experience that I should know of? I don't bow. You don't bow. So you're going to try your hardest here. I'm going to try my hardest and you know, of course, I'll bring this with me. We know that you don't like to lose and you give your heart to everything you do. So we might be surprised and see some pretty good bowling scores but I play it. Oh, I have no skills. Okay. Does anyone in the women's group here have any bowling experience? No, I don't believe you guys. Melody Melo, I never expected to see you here. Everyone knows the ask me about you. How old you are? And I still tell them you're 16 because I think you're 18 now. You're legal now. All right. Now where are you? You're not living in Chicago. Are you? No, I'm in Buffalo. I'm back with my back in Buffalo. All right. Great. You shuffled off the Buffalo again. Yeah. So back there. I'm staying there. And now you're going to be competing tomorrow at the Bros first. Let's surprise the audience. Okay. All right. Well, we want to sit. I think they've tried to convince you. That Tammy is a buyer and it's beautiful wife here. The co-owner of Jack Tardcore Jim. This is your home town. You seem very familiar with this bowling. You sure you don't have any bowling experience? We don't go because he doesn't like bowling. He doesn't like bowling. He's not down here today. He doesn't like the she's. You know what? I don't like the she's eating. And if you look at the internet, my shoes are wearing. I feel like they have the pro kids that used to wear back in the 70s actually. But I think that is something to do with it. It could be. Now Noah Trimble here. I've seen her do bowling. We bowling. She's very good at we bowling. Did you have any bowling experience with the real balls? No, not really. You wouldn't be lying. You're a military guy. I know in the military they they bowl. No. No bowling experience. All right. The girls are all claiming. Let's come over here to I.F.E.V. V.V. V. Keene Pro. Perceano Voynich. Most of the co-host of muscle girls. Hank probably has the second most I guess audio visual video experience. Maybe home. You guys this is your new hometown now. I used to live like 10 minutes from here. Yeah. We now live about 45 minutes from here. Yeah. I was so close. Okay. So now I got the impression. I feel I'm in the Midwest here. It's a very Midwest journey field to the town. Yeah, you're not. It's Chicago. This is not Chicago. This is like Chicago land-ish. Far far. What's your bowling prowess? I think I've done bowling on the Wii a couple of times. And probably when you're a kid you want to birthday parties and you both. Yeah. You times like I've nothing professionally. Doffers. Your boyfriend Mike tells me that you were eating honeybodies. Is that true? Is that you're carving up or for the bowling tournament? Honeybodies? Probably. That's jail food. Yeah. Except you if you could be like the Oreo cream pies and like his arms get bigger when he eats those though. All right. Well the ladies are playing posse I think here. I think that they're a bunch of ringers and hustlers. We're going to find out who is the best battle of this in the battle of this. Who is the best? The men or the women. There's four dolls over there on the table if you look that's the pot. None of the girls have put any money into it. So I guess they don't feel very confident. But I am confident this will be the first of many bowling tournaments to come for now. Let's get to the action. All right. Here with Tommy from Pride Nutrition. Who's going to be tossing the coin. Derek will be representing the men. Michaela's out of the women. Whoever gets Michaela will choose if she gets the coin correct. She will get the choose whether she wants to begin or she wants to let us start the bowling. Here we go. Cool it. Pick it up Mr. Judge. It's ours. It's ours. It's ours. It's ours. Michaela's out of it. Are you going to go first or shoot last? Ladies are going first. All right. You heard that the ladies will shoot first. What a world-strongest man coming up. Derek, pounds on climb lane 41. Correct Derek. Here he goes. The ball looks very meager in his big hands. There's a approach. He's very awkward. Very powerful strike. Oh, he can. He's like Fred Blinso, Tickle-Toss. Yeah. Not. But she's afraid in the ball. It's disinfecting him. She claims he never falls before. And she might be right. Like a little toy out of it. I don't know what he's doing. The 18-year-old sensation lining up. She's looking a lot like Stuffy tonight. Right down the middle. Oh my god. Holy shit. I say stand out set of balls. He's got to see a bowling party. I bet. Baby not. Yeah, Tammy, the owner of Jack's hard core. She looks like a baller. She's got good form. She's held the ball before. Her deck. Here she goes. I'm going to use the air and drive my sweat off my hand. I am going to pick the, uh, the Lins ball. This is the 16-pound ball. I'm lining up. There you go. It's firing a hardcore Jack's hard core gym. It's on. Oh, she's the ball. She went the wrong way. I don't have to see anything like it. In the history of bowling. The ball went the opposite direction. Oh my god. Holy shit. All right. The women are winning. This is unacceptable in my body. So I'm going to have to step my game up a little bit better than it was. I need to strike you. Slip. I slipped. I choked. Oh, oh, oh. Hey, that's it. No. Now she's definitely beating everyone else. Holy macro, let's go. She's a ringer. I can't believe it. Oh my god. She got to strike. That's her strike. The bowl of who never bowled. She gets a strike on top of the spare. She's, I am very impressed. I'm very impressed. You're the first strike in the night. You never let me believe it. I think you're hustling as long. She like group. You've got to brawl. Now she can just spare. Now we're almost done to strike out and know where my we're big trouble here. These women I know are ringers. The role ring is they all they're hustling us. What do you mean here? This is a nice group. I haven't had one of these since I was like eight years all. We need a big walk for you. Actually, you know what? You're actually the one losing. I'm not even losing. I thought I was doing the words. You're actually doing the words. I need a frickest strike here. You can't let him get the momentum on us like this. Hey, can't even get it down the valley. His, his, his joke of the day. It's how many body goals does it take to his bowl of 300 games? The answer? Yeah. At least. You've got to, you want to beat Liverpool. You're going to have to, you're not going to spare here. At least. Wow! He's done. The women are easily beating the men right now as you can see. Christina Boynitz is bowling on a strike in the 10th frame here. Noah Trimble is in the lead with a 110 going into the 10th frame with Makela Soto 83, very close behind. He looked over at the men's pathetic scores. I am actually in the lead among the men with an 81, which is pretty pathetic with Derek Poundstone in second place, a fire and up the bowl. So I'm feeling good about this. You never know what your happens with the 10th frame. Derek, your promise the ball is too light. You've got to find like a hundred pound ball. You have to make one specially for yourself. Then you'll be fine. You think it's like throwing a marshmallow for him. Looks good. Oh, she gets a strike. If I think you officially have a loser here. That looks good. She got it. One more shot. She'll get it. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. We got to bring it over. I got it over there. She's you spare and then strike in the 10th frame. You finish with a 130. You are the winner here tonight. The champion of the bowling tournament. I knew she was going to win. I knew it. She was the ringer. That's right. Alright, I am over here with today's losers. We are the men. We are the inferior sex. We have one of the world's strongest men here. We have the world's strongest professional bodybuilder. We got an IFPB pro bodybuilder. It's some pretty sick arms. It claimed he was a 210 average baller who was the worst guy here today. You had the worst score. I just wanted to remind you that. We are times. And Pyron picks of Jack Tarko will be hosting the event tomorrow. I won't badmouth him because we still have to use his gym tomorrow. But the sad part is that guys, I beat you all. So I won't, I was the biggest winner of the losers. How does the field direct to finally be defeated? It's out of sparing you lose to a woman. You just don't like to lose to any men. No, you still beat me, though. Now, stand, I have a question. Who do you think would win any three-left powerlifting meet between you and the world's strongest men? I wouldn't want to after tonight and losing to the girls. I've never even wanted to venture a gas. I can't claim myself as having any title. There's two saving things to consider tonight. One. Dave Payne. So that makes him the biggest. I actually think by our paid. But you know, by our pay. I'm the biggest loser. And it really really proves that the girls are better and handling big balls than we are. And on that note, I mean, I say more than they should be there. Catch us all at Jack Hardcore Jim tomorrow for Bros. vs. Bros. 9. Last man, Stanley, Derek Pound, so we'll be in the house as the official guest referee. A stand will be doing some play by play with me. And my glitter toy will, what would you do to be known tomorrow? I'm just gonna shock and walk. You need ice cream sandwiches. Sandwiches and whatever other junk I can find. Let's go talk to the women, the winners. I am sad to say that I am standing here with the women's champions tonight. Actually, V champions tonight. The women have defeated the men in the battle of the bowling sexes here at the Parkside lanes in Aurora, Illinois. No tremble with the high score of 130 pins. Michaela Soto, I believe with the second high score of what do you want to want? 101. Woo! Two. The closest man was myself. I believe with a what 91 I got or something that I did. I got 91. I was the best high scoring man. Not that it matters. Like they said. They won. We're the money you guys won. The $4. $3. So we spent $1. I think so. I've swiked one of the dollars. I believe it was for there. We have a round there's only two. Wow. What they did win the $3 here tonight. And that's all that counts. And they got bragging rights for 24 more hours. And so tomorrow's Rose Rose Rose 9 last man standing at Jack Tard, Corrigim, that's Tammy and Byron's Jim. We will be there tomorrow. Deadlifting, curling and doing all the kinds of funds. I've maybe no little be a two-time champion. We won't know. Talk to Mar. For now. I'm Dave Palombo with the women champions here. And Aurora, Illinois's RXMuscle.com.