Old School Body Building Clothing Company. If it's been three and a half hours since you last ate protein, now you're starting to freak out, you are old school. If watching someone sit on a hammer machine for five minutes between sets playing with their phone, pisses you off, you are definitely old school. OSBBC.com for the hardest training athletes. You should have your camera on right now for this show. I saw you said that like I like it, they mentioned you are on the Nick the Polar Show again. I love this guy from Australia. What was he talking about? If you don't check in the going to the store, down Sydney again, Jim's a shot in Sydney for the last two or not. We explained to all this contest. I put off Victoriaway Tony, don't even stay on their left closed the board. I see it's kind of Victoria. Because it's Delta variant now has jumped down to people. That's stuff like that. Now they're talking about this. You could go and put up a month and all these coffee shops and people's business are going under against now the government's scrambling to give out packages and money stimulus packages to the people who are like, oh, I can now. People just go on with life, just live with it. It's like the flu, just live with it. We can't keep shutting shit down every time someone coughs and sneezes for God's sake. Did you tell them that the things of these cops that I'm tripled vaccinated? I got my wife printing off the paper. I will throw it up when I go to the gym. I just would have passed down and when I started training, I just take it off. If you don't worry about COVID, the gym's the last place you come because, okay, coverage your mouth. You're touching everything. I was at the grocery store again. There's five people ahead of me and they're doing all the groceries, touching groceries and she's touching everyone's groceries. And then I swipe my card and I touch the pin pad that the six people ahead of me are touching up, wiping that down after every use. So let's just stupid. It's like this whole board of your wear and mask. I feel safe now. It's like a security blanket and this whole scanning in. A lot of people too. There's some old people called up a radio station. I listen to where these old people have been denied service because they don't have a smartphone. And before they had these QR code thing, they used to just have like a, at the counter. They have a, like a, you know, a note pad where you put your name down. Your phone number at that time you came in and what time you left. So if there is an outbreak, they can call you. But like, though, and if it's somebody's right, if you do that, if you don't have a phone in the scanning, you can't come in there to store my father couldn't even work to remote control back in the day up for the TV set. I can't even, he didn't have a phone. So what would Valentina, someone's just a little flip phone. He couldn't even even Valentina couldn't check it over there. I just saw it. Guess joined us on there. Oh, he did. We have another person. Oh, I saw. Oh, yes, we do. Legend. Who is it? Legend is, is a legend. Oh, Samir. You can't, speaking of guys that can't use this, the bit the bar code scan. Samir would be on the figure and out either. Hey, that's Papa. Let me still. Let's see. Here. Yeah, so what's up, Samir? I've got a hit except audio. Hit except audio. Samir. Michael, yes. You'll get it. I don't know. You might want to text him and tell him he's got to accept the audio. What do you think? Hit except audio. If the see, think he has it on mute. What do you think the problem is? You know, if I didn't see him works, he's personally a set. I know, you got to take the video. Yeah, yeah, he's got the wrong way to select it. It's going to go to his manager. Yeah, he's pushed it's pushed there on. So what do you think about the flex Lewis say he's not going to be doing the LB this year? I think it's a good decision because you know, he just moved his his whole. It's exactly. It's just moved. I've been like, come on. It's like if you want to have a family, you know, things come first. If that's his main priority right now, I think he should focus on that. And there were people would be upset because even moving the home. Yes, the gym set up and I'm still sure there's lots of things to be doing. And during that whole move and setting it up, yes, he would have been training but not training. Oh, along. So it's like, why, why Russia, if you're not going to be 100% why go in, especially with the lineups the way they're getting now with for army and you've rule is there and you've got all these other people. If you're not 100% on, why waste your time if you can't give 100% Why even try 99, 98, it's not a good enough now. So you've got to be 100 if you can't do 100, just wait to next year. Still young Jesus. The moving people don't realize this moving and I moved the right, this is true story and I've told this before. I moved around the corner. I had board a house in 1997 and see for it on the water. And then I bought another house in like 99, 2000 or was it 2001 I think it was. And it was a literally, I mean, you could walk there was around the corner. Okay. And I decided, you know, finally it was ready because it was a day. I don't want to submit. And I wanted to go around the corner. And so I said, why do I have to hire movers, right? It's, I mean, literally it's like a, like, you know, like a half of it. And I even have a lot of work in English. Yeah. Doctors, I guess it's a problem. I get your story, David. It's moving sucks. Yeah. It was the most, it was the most. I'm calling that. I'm calling that for help. Hold on. It's like talking to your grandfather. Yeah. My father's talking to me. Anyone else is talking to me. My father would just leave. He didn't want to even do it. He just got a few center of attention. And it's okay. Come on. It's okay. Samir, did you know, the actor Bill Smith who died? Yeah. It's very unfortunate. You know, um, Yeah. You know, What, I remember when I was a kid watching the, I was watching the, Anyway, I was watching the movie. Where they had the, he was fighting Clint Eastwood. That was like the first time I had seen him. I loved him in that movie. He was like a real big. You know, You know, it's like I told him. To see him just like me seeing my saw him at Woldjim many times. I did the same to those thing out. Really nice guy. Right. And you know what I told him. I said, I am so crazy about the sport. And when I saw that picture of you in one of his movie, I think was the movie that I saw. Back then was darker than Amber. Okay. Front Taylor. There's rock Taylor. There's Australian pretty great actor actually. And so I told him, Well, as I said, you know what, I had to feel that photo because I loved your arm. There's no other way out to you. You're told this. He's the, It's funny. It's funny. You're making that movie. He's the tell me because you've come in to the gym every day. And you're at that room. Rest me voice. There you go. And Lee. Yeah. There's absolutely no 分. I'm writing down to the introductory reputation. I knew it pretty hard. But it got to that dóan's new ears.テ l'm only flows around to heart through the conversation of Turkey's discharge. The ugly photos happening. That's like poisonous evil mouth, which is�ish news. It might not be like there were any fights that were going downwards. Back then, he took part in an article. She grabbed a candle and doesn't exist. There's a typical fight between the three fights. Hard to tell. Whatever the fight. They, you did, when did you see the movie? Oh, long time ago and now, it would have been a while ago. I saw it when the first came out. And I would just survive starting by the building. And you know what, when you see a big arm back there, it's like, wow, this incredible. You know what's funny? I saw also, they've draper movie with, don't make waves. Remember that? Yeah. I remember that. At the same time, I saw the photograph and I was really, really impressed. You know, when you enter the body, you know, you just, once anything for me, it was just a crazy passion. But you know, still in. You look a lot bigger on the screen, too. I mean, Arnold looked in Conan, looked like he weighed 800 pounds. I mean, he was enormous in this one. No one had ever seen the body building that big on screen before. I mean, I mean, I mean, they had a big, even, they had seen it. Fiend damn inspired a lot of people to train from his movies, Bloodsport, and he was even there. He was even there. But you'd see, you see, Fiend damn in person, he'd be like, this would be a bloody looking, but pretty thin. Right, right. Yes, yes, this mixed screen actually makes you look much bigger. That was one of the things we have. We have Samir Benus, Mr. Olympi here, who's joined us. And the, the name Samir and I used to have funny stories when Samir and I used to hang out in Venice, because Samir was always the tourist, we'd like to turn up the train, the turn up for anything. God, if they start training with Ali Malibu, for Samir up there, we didn't go down to Malibu. Samir goes, we'll go to Malibu, Baba, and we'll go down there. So we'll go to Malibu Beach, we'd play ball on the beach, and then go across the net, rest you on across the road from the beach, and eat fish and chips and stuff. Oh, the good old day. You know what, you know what, funny, the first time I saw Lee, please, I'm gonna like, you know, this kid is really good. So he came over to my house and Westwood, and then they hit a few poses, and I said, holy, I can grab this guy. This guy is different. And you know, I mean, really Lee, one of the most different different different different different house to me. Let me say different different different, my head, you know what's funny? Lee was saying, I know I'm gonna get a lot brighter. Lee was, Lee was hungry, and you can say what, you can feel it, you know, you know what's really incredible, at times I saw Lee box top to close to 80 or more. Didn't you go after that heavy? Two eight. Five or so. He was a fatso, we went to Westwood, we were walking in Westwood, and this guy was so big. He looked like bigger than his hammer. I don't know how he got this. He stopped the traffic and I'm going, what the hell Lee piece is going up to 285? When he did his best at 205 to 12 or something. Right now, remember, leave it great at 204 to 5, right, me or maybe under it. Yeah, I'm not sure. It was like you wanted to, I'm going forward to 10. Normally we're, not most pro shows us 206 to 08. Mm-hmm. The ball as man, it's the ball as baby, big arms and big legs. Yeah. Beautiful, tiny waist, no oil whatsoever. They're the joe, please. And then I was actually a fan some photos. I sent this to me today when Simea came the England with me and we had like a week and a half in England, an exposed and going to these cars or having cups of tea and stuff. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Hey, Simea, I remember that. So you think of a Lee priest come back? Do you think Lee can do it? Now? Yep. Of course he. You know, muscle muscle. Yeah. He's gonna come back. So he can come back. Yeah. What's that? Muscle muscle muscle. He's on my memory. He's a muscle muscle. Oh, that's right. He's still there. Oh, oh. Unbelievable. I'm scared. The memory. I'm really muscles. My muscles have Alzheimer's. Yeah, yeah. Your muscles have a little hug and does on it now. Ah ha ha ha ha ha ha. Benning. You know, you know what's funny? Lee and I talked about how people overdo it and they get uh, uh, the complicating for themselves. And they get so technical. And then when I see Lee, you came to my house sometimes with butter and stuff like he ate like a monster and you know, in my opinion, I don't know why people overdo and complicate things. Yeah. I never saw Lee hold in a yellow water running on the street with it. You know, anyone in great shape? The whole key here Dave is having fun. Right. And Lee always had fun. Yeah, you know it. When you're complicating, you add more coaches all. You, you, you, you worry. You want to do okay. Relax, have fun. Let's do a good time. Roll. You got to have, yeah, but you don't. Lee also was a genetic freak. Anything you did he grew from. I mean, he, he didn't need a lot of drugs. He, I mean, was a teenager. He was a freak. He never even had taken a steroids. So yeah, but genetic freak. But he was as a, I saw him train Lee train hard. Yeah. He doesn't mess around. I'm just saying, but he always gives me, yes, sir. Let's not talk about me. Let's talk about what do you think of the, I've been coming on a classic line up. You think it's going to be a good show, isn't it? I asked him, I don't know who's in the lineup. I haven't looked. Well, let's go to be, we'll pretty much, pretty much the lineup's going to be like the Olympia. My honest big ramy, but Bonnex going to be in it. Really should be in it. Nick Walker's going to be in Valier's going to be in it. Who else, David, is almost going to be like, like the Olympia. James, like the Olympia. I came Williams, it's almost going to be like the Olympia lineup. Mine is Mr. Olympia. So it's going to be a good show. Well, yeah, show, you know, Arnold, he always invite the good guys in. And I know what, you know, he doesn't want to do a Mickey Mouse show. And you recall when you went to Arnold Classic? No, Arnold wants to have great show. So do you think it's a good idea to maybe keep the Arnold around this time of year because it's right before the Olympia, a month before it kind of makes it easier for guys to do both shows and to have a better level of talent. What do you think it should go back to more 20 normal years? You know, you know, I see some new guys, but sometimes I really don't really focus too much on the, you know, you know, there's Logan, you know, Logan. You think you think the Arnold should stay it back, go back to March. Do you like right before the Olympia? Because this year we're going to see it in September because of COVID. And it's like a month before the Olympia. So a lot of these guys who do the Olympia are using the Arnold's almost like a warm-up, you know? I like it. I like it just before. I like it just before. I like it for warm-up. And that way, guys can't complain and say, well, I'm doing the Arnold in March. I can't pick again later on in the East to me. I know is that on the old days people people could peek all the time. Some guys now get a bit lazy. So if we got to make it easy, if it end the little snowflakes that I can peek once and then peek again, a couple weeks later, the Arnold close to the Olympia said I can do a couple of shows. Absolutely. How far apart the show, Dave? There are months apart. Well, that's doable. I mean, you know, once you're in shape, you need to really make a difference. In fact, you need to get better. I think so. I like how it is. The way the New York problem is more than 100. I wouldn't think it was a good idea. Two, three weeks maximum would be good. Yeah. And maybe move the New York pro earlier in the year. Maybe you have that in March or something like that. That might be good. What it's like, so me said, too, when shows are close to give. But when I used to do shows close to give, it's easier to hold. That's why a lot of guys that don't understand now. We've had a use of too many chemicals and doing whatever they can't hold their shape. But I heard my shape and the more shows I did, the better I got. When I see these guys do one show now, they go, I can't hold my shape for another week or two. I'm like, it's easy. Once you're in shape, it's easier to keep your shape. And let's just do something that, unless you're doing something with chemicals that just messes your body up. Actually, in my opinion, the second show you should look better. Because sometimes, you don't really realize that, when you load up after one show, you get back to your maximum fullness. And then you have better control of, you know, sometimes we take it too far and we dip down into losing these tissues and stuff like that. I think it's a smart idea to fill up completely and get back. It'd be easy to do the second one and make the improvement in my opinion. Ms. Mirnyuris estimation, who is the most difficult Mr. Olympia to beat on stage? Not necessarily the best Mr. Olympia, the hardest guy to beat and why. Who is the best Mr. Olympia ever? Not the best. Who is the most difficult Mr. Olympia to beat on stage and why? Okay, good question. Good question. Look, I witnessed Ronnie Coleman 2001 or 2002. And I can honestly say he was beyond rip and he was wasted. He looked unbelievable, you know. And sad, I had a plan of visiting him with Prince from Qatar and want to see him. So I told Ronnie, I have someone when I step by. On the way up to the room, I saw Louvre ignore walking out of the elevator. It's the mirror. Did you see Lee? That means did you see Ronnie and I said, no, I am going to see him right now. He said, oh my God, I've never seen anything like it. That's what I did. Louvre's right. Lee, I mean, Ram Ronnie was so true and in full and wasted. I knew right then there's no way anybody can attach him. Any really walked away with the show? I think that was the most conditioned Mr. Olympia. Which one? I never seen. You talked about 99 or 98? 19 out, 2001 as a tool. And I think all one he was awful, probably 99 you're thinking. Yeah. Yes, I think so. I want to say almost beat him, remember? I think it's two years before Jay Cutler took him. I think a couple years before that. Yeah, so it might have been over. Oh, three is when he was the craziest size wise. You know, O3 was that insane like 292 million version of him. I always think the hardest Mr. Olympia to beat would be there could be two of them. Ronnie and Dorian. Of course, it would be a physique. The physique was hard to beat, but also when you look at the mentality Ronnie has and Dorian had just said, you know, that crazy training mentality works just all or nothing all of nothing. I'm not saying other guys don't train hard, but some just have that dual diaries, some sort of train hard, but you just you can just see when someone goes beyond to the point where if they die, they don't care. That's right. Yeah, I don't even believe in that. I believe in that condition that I saw Ronnie up to now, I think about it because really he was the most massive, but still wasted. You know, the his missection was super tight. Yeah. And you know, when the missection goes away, it's just no matter. I'm not impressed. I'm not interested. You notice, like, for example, not because Lee here, but Lee always competed in tight missection. I never see Lee with a tummy too. Because he knew right ahead, it's not about being too big and sacrifice and having a little like, you know, Ronnie come later on, he lost that look. Yeah. So doing fill his, I think fill his, no bullshit here. I'm not talking about anyone personally about them as a person, but as a bodybuilder, I think without a doubt, Trilhis is one of the most incredible bodybuilder there is when he is on. Oh, when he is on. Yeah, because it's complete. You don't, you don't find weakness on fill. You know, I mean, Ronnie, we're going to get back and say, okay, where's the calves? Yeah. Or we may look, all, you know, his glutes is way down that we should the middle of his his hamstring. To me is all about how who is the most complete or put together, I would have to go to fill his. Wow, okay. Really. So, but most impressive condition ever was for Ronnie Coleman. I know, I, I, I, I'm just talking about Mr. Olympia's, you know, getting back to our, the actor Bill Smith who died. We just speak about him at the beginning of the show. He actually trained with Larry Scott for the first two Mr. Olympia victories that Larry had. The very few of them. First Mr. Olympia and I heard a story, I don't know if you know, heard the story. Suppose they bill asked Larry, he goes, Larry, you know, we train together every day. How are you so much bigger than me? And Larry said, I am a bull. I'm taking the animal. And Bill didn't even know what it was. They, they don't never took any drugs supposedly. Yeah, they were both training at Vince Jim's. Yeah, Vince, the runner. And, you know, they did it the old school way. You know, Vince Man, the way he died, in fact, and I know you and favor of this kind of diet. Yeah. You were the key to a man. Yeah. You know, I mean, could you imagine, I mean, create him in whole eggs unlimited amount of, you know, you can eat actually. Oh, they can, like, but, you know, no carbs. Right. Level caps, you know, what are you, what are you really saying about that? Let me ask me, please, about that because he's not going to be biased here. He's going to throw the truth. Yeah. What do you think about that, the high, you know, keep it. I try to put, I don't know, I'm my body loves carbs. So I try to eating, you know, because I love meat to look. I love bacon. I love eggs. I love high fats and protein foods. And I try to put as soon as I take carbs out of my diet, I just start craving, breads and pastas and rice. So I, I lasted maybe five days, but then I went off that. And I went to eat buns and bread and rocks. I just said, I got to keep a loop it. The lowest I ever went on carbohydrates starting was 250 grams a day. If I went low than that, I just felt crap and stuff. So 250 was my lowest time ever go. I don't have to agree with you because I mean, look at Doria Nes. Doria and always came in a shape. And he came in Narlie. Yeah. He never really go beyond 260 grams. This is when he's depleted. He thinks it's, yeah. Yeah, but every, every, every, every, every story. And Doria was a genetic freak. I mean, I, Sean Rodin would do zero carbs and zero fats for three weeks. You know, he didn't shave, but you know, we're telling you what? Zero fat and zero carb? Levroni said it now. Levroni would go six weeks without eating carbs. I mean, Levroni was a, was a big low carb dieter. So I mean, everyone's a little different. You got to kind of figure out what you metabolism is and kind of go from there with it. But guys, I got to go pick my son up at school. Samir, I love when you join us for these little special little shocking and little occasions. It makes my heart warm. It's my heart because you are such a, a bed of knowledge when it comes to bodybuilding. All right, so these are, when you, when you go, it's a, I'll see you. So me as a legend, and this is what I love about to me. When I see photos of Samir, even the older guys, this is where the younger guys today need to learn conditioning. When you look at Samir and the other guys back then, the conditioning, they had in the muscle. You don't wait didn't matter when you have the proportions and you have the muscle and you have that level of conditioning. You can throw the weight number out the window because they look like giants and that's where the guys today need to realize. Yes, mass is great, but not to the point where you have so much mass, you don't have separation, you don't have conditioning. When you look at Samir and those guys back then, the day, you think Samir way too 60, you're like, well, look at him, the small waist and that. But hey, and really, I have to stop you at this and tell you, you're like, hummer, you used to drive, right? But I'm going to tell you, Austin Martin versus Hummer. What's that? They've come on, man. I like the ass. I like the ass. The ass. My favorite cow. But you can't take it into the bush, you can't take it through the mud, you can't take it through the water. And you can't mount the 50 calabin machine, god, I'm top. Well, that's not what that's so much to do. They don't. Okay, they drive fast. That's okay. But, Jay, well, Jay, I'll take it back. Jay, I'm sponsored at machine guns that came out of the X-demath. So I'd rather have a course 911. In terms of turbo twin terms, I hope that. Hey, listen, day before you go. Yeah. There are some really important topics that we need to discuss in the future. And we'll go over it. I'm in the vein. You get iron to base, Samir. Let me know when you're available. What's doing? All right. We will do that again. And I love hanging out with you and me because I know you go. We'll get lay on two. I should, you love this. We'll do iron debate next week. And we'll, uh, have you in the lead on? Let chat with you. I'm short, notice. Because Lisa started out in this clip. You think I'm going to say, well, give me a break. I mean, I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. Samir, we got to get you off the teaser. And then we get you off for the full blown one the week after some people get excited about it. You know, for now, you know, you know, well, I'm about to. The thing is, a lot of people sticking their nose in the game. And then that's from the heart of the game. You guys from the heart of the game. K- why I like to sit here and listen. Take us at it with your Joe Weeder impression Samir. Come on, you know what, you know, you can go on. You're a little Joe Weeder. Come on. You can call Paul Gillett. Not Paul Gillett. And it's to call Paul. Paul. This is Joe Wayne or hi Joe. How are you? You come over and you're like, yeah, yeah, Joe. And then you know, you need to get pissed off. I'll choose, I'll switch to me once in a quarter. Pull the let like that off from pull a contract and pull going all excited. You know, the photographers or the Japanese photographer. Missed them. Yeah, mature. Me sure. Yeah, I call them and I pretend to be Joe. I gave them a job of a $50,000 contract. It was a happy goal. Mr. Weeder. Mr. Weeder. Thank you very much. Oh, how's your Japanese style? Mr. Weeder. Samir and then we need. When he's on that, it was me, he goes, I think you. Samir the grads. Mr. Olympia, 1983. Samir Avenue. Lee Priest. I'm Dave Palambau. We'll see you next time. Mr. We're going to go get your boy. Thank you. Talk to you guys. I'll just make the light as for me.