Welcome back to Musselin the Morning on Dave. We'll let you know what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. One of the coolest things about this part of the year, as a baseball fan, is that when you see your team call up some random guy from their AAA program. Well, now all of a sudden he's got his shot to live at his dream right there in front of the hometown crowd. In seven weeks from now, to 12 powerhouse, Sammy Troudy would finally get his shot to live at his dream when he sets foot on the Olympia stage for the first time in his career. The latest updates from Team Troudy show the second year, stand out, looking like he's at his old time best. Back at the start of the year, Troudy ripped off three straight top three finishes where it felt like he was really starting to come into his own. But now that he's been able to sit back and reassess the program, hopefully can hit the mark and deliver a major statement this September at the Mr. Olympia. But the Tampa Pro only a few days away now. I'm starting to see all sorts of interesting little clips float past my desk here, as these athletes start getting ready for action. But I have to admit, I haven't seen too many that may be slow down and pay attention. Like the ones I saw from Cleveland Thomas earlier this week. The classic physique stand out is on pace to bring his best conditioning ever this weekend, which will probably be good enough to land on a spot in the first call out once it finally gets rolling. Last year we saw this guy basically come from out of nowhere to crush it in his way at the Chicago Pro. So I wouldn't put it past a 100% Cleveland Thomas to creep out of Tampa with a big trophy in his pocket and in Olympia qualification on his resume. Here I watch the NFL or NBA draft. I always look at the guys coming in and ask myself the same question. Could they have made an impact on a playoff team last year? And pretty soon we'll find out of second year men's physique star, Cairon Holden, is ready to make an impact in the IFVV's version of the postseason. The second year stand out is coming off a monster when a few weeks ago at the San Jose Pro where he was heading shoulders above the group of athletes that were pretty damn good on paper. If you ask me the men's physique Olympia lineup is right behind the men's open and having the least amount of wiggle room for an athlete to break into the top 10. But if this kid can show up at 100% he might have enough talent to put himself in position to compete for one of those top five spots. And you're an athlete and an opportunity knocks you better make sure you're ready to answer the call because those windows can close before you know it. But I get the feeling that women's physique all start Danny Castillo knows that better than anyone with her second straight trip to the big dance right around the corner now. The Toronto Pro champ looks like she's ready to take full advantage of the huge void left by Julianna Melacorni's absence this year. Pound for Pound Castillo has one of the most complete looks in the entire division. And if we can get a 100% spot on Danny Castillo to touch down on the Olympia stage this year, I really believe she has a legitimate shot to be a top three contender. The most important thing is to be a mortal world of Gandhi. You've got to be the change you want to see in the world. I think there are plenty of people out there who could learn a thing or two from classic physique standout Edgar John Augustin. The man most people know by the internet handle by on a body. Yesterday Augustin and his team released a short new training clip in celebration of international chess day where they gave their fans an inside look at what their offseason program is looking like. Everyone that I've talked to tells me that Augustin is a class act on an off the stage. If you can't get excited by seeing guys like this wake up every morning and inspire thousands of people to go out there and make the impossible become a reality that is probably time you sit down to reevaluate the things that are really and truly important in your life. And that does it yet another edition of Muscle in the morning. On day below for mining you to always be true to your passion and they should have followers on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.