Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X-Box, our 30-year-in-a-row, and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry for the Ocar Pauktart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. I'm Dave Polumbo and today is Wednesday, June 9th, 2021. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to Recap Wednesday. It's the first week of June, the sign is shining and we've got a great show lined up for you today, starting with the Recap of the Mile High Pro. It thens physique Javier Mullings continue to strong run by cruising to his first win of the season. Second place went to Joseph Lee, who looked great in his season debut, and last year's win a Corey Morris rounded out a really strong top three group. In bikini it was all about Ashley Colt-Wasser, who came back and successfully defended her title with ease on the way to wrapping up another easy win. Corey Hagueman brought home a well-deserved second place here in her pro debut and closing out our coverage here is third place finisher Jimmy Marley, who also put together her best look of the year. Down on the beautiful shores of South Beach, we also had another prime time event at the Miami Convention Center, where they hosted this year's Miami Muscle Beach pro. And we're going to start off with our coverage here with the classic physique division where Zee canjrew's put an exclamation point on his standout rookie season by locking up his first win and a well-deserved Olympia qualification. immense physique Daniel Amons came in and dominated from wire to wire on his way to collecting another huge win here in the open and in the master's bench physique, Tampenate of Winston Sullivan scored straight first across the board to bring home the W. In master's figure Jessica Horté was in a class by herself as she crews to an un-cantested victory and we're wrapping up our coverage here with the master's bikini where another Florida native in Abiletta Garcia brought home the win. Those were the only two shows on this schedule last weekend and we're going to shift gears for a minute and look ahead at a few shows coming up down the road starting with this update from William Martin's who's preparing to make his I.F.B.D. debut at the Puerto Rico pro three weeks from now. Rumor has it that William will also step on stage weighing somewhere north of 270 pounds which would easily make him one of the biggest athletes in the building. From a conditioning standpoint, he's already in better shape than he's ever been at any point in his career which only makes him even more dangerous because when someone with his size comes in peel and dry it creates problems where everyone else in the lineup regardless of who else his up there on that stage. We talked a little bit about the inaugural Arnold UK and some of the implications it could have on the Olympia in October since they're only two weeks apart. And even though it's still a little early to have any real sense about who we can expect to see on stage in that first week in October we did find out a few days ago that Samson Douba announced that he's officially planning to compete there. Samson's been a little bit of a unicorn over the last year and a half in the sense that we've heard about him and we've talked about him but we really haven't seen him all that much but I will say this when he's in shape the guy is really impressive so if he shows up and nails it there depending on what the lineup looks like it feels like a top three finish should be within the realm of possibilities. And that does it be yet another edition of Musselin the Mornings. I'm Dave Palermo reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.