Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X-Box, our 30-year-in-a-row, and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry with a low-car caulk tart, we've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. I'm Dave Palombo, and today is Friday, May 28, 2021. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Welcome back and happy Friday. I know there are a lot of you tuning in right now who are looking forward to the Cal Pro this weekend. So I figured why not start off the show with an update on on-win, who set the step-on-stage less than 24 hours from now. Earlier this week, on release, they've behind the scenes video from inside the Dragon's Lair, that showed him getting some presentation advice from Flex Lewis and Sean Rodin, and considering the fact that they have eight Olympia tiles between the two of them, he should be taking any advice he can get as gospel. So if you can take even a tiny bit of that deep championship wisdom and put it into action, the talks about him being a potential winner here could easily come to fruition. The 15th Mark that date down on your calendars, book your tickets and get your popcorn ready because the Arnold class that gets back, in case you missed it on Tuesday, received words from officials at the Arnold Sports Festival that the Arnold class was coming back to Columbus, Ohio this fall after being postponed indefinitely back in March, due to mitigating factors from COVID-19, the early report from the promotional team. There is that the show will feature men's bodybuilding, men's physique, fitness, and bikini, and they're expecting to have about 412, $100,000 in prize money up for grabs. From a timing standpoint, the late September window is interesting because it's right before the Arnold UK, and a little less than a month before the Olympia, which opens up a lot of possibilities. And now that we have the date set and stone, it makes the entire fall schedule even more interesting. And I just say this before we get started, there's nothing better in sports than a rivalry, and I meet any sport, not just bodybuilding. But in our world, there are some rivalries that feel like they're more fun than others, and for me, whatever's going on with Sarah Belegas and Sheneek rant right now, falls into that category a few days ago. Sarah laid down the gauntlet to Sheneek, and an Instagram post essentially saying that she would give her a $20,000 cash out of her own pocket if Sheneek came out of retirement, and beat her at the Olympia this year. But here's my favorite thing about this story, if Sheneek decides to do this, and she does lose, Sarah once heard a give up her 2019 Olympia medal. Now there's a part two to the story, which I'm about to jump in right now. And in response to this, Sheneek didn't come right out and address what Sarah said on the record. But she did release and not so subtle comment in a post-onore Instagram later in the day, that said, the woman who does not require validation from anyone is the most feared individual on the planet. Sheneek's been pretty vocal about not planning to come back, since she announced her retirement last year, and my assumption is that she isn't going to be backtracking just because someone calls her out. But pride is a real thing in athletics, especially the great ones, so even though I don't see her taking the bait, she's only like 26 or 27 years old, which means she's still in her prime, and I don't think it would be completely crazy for her to give it one more run, even if it just approved herself, and that she still the goat. And that does it to yet another edition of Muscle in the Mornings on day, and they pull up all remaining in to always be true to your passions, and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.