Our X television on rxmuscle.com, ass Dave, powered by Species Nutrition and Liquid Sunrays. We have a new retailer, a powerhouse retailer that's going to be carrying us their base in Kansas supplement syndicate day plumbo. These are serious people. Kristen Numbi owner, an operator of supplement syndicate a series competitor herself. This store is all about the series athlete. Yeah, you know, I love the hardcore stores. There's not that many of them around, but they're in pockets all over the country. And Kristen Numbi is certainly the depiction of what we call hardcore. She believes in the science of supplements. She's knowledgeable. She's in this store. She lives the lives of the others. She can see her physique. And they're super supportive of Species Nutrition. And I really value that when someone gets behind a brand and can sell it based on its science and doesn't argue with me about, oh, it's too expensive or this is not. They want the best of the best. And if you're in the shoney, you know, Kansas area and you're looking for a hardcore store that has the best of the best, you know, the Mercedes-Benz of supplements, you know, stop by there. You'll get free advice. They'll tell you how to take supplements. They'll tell you what you should use, what you shouldn't use, what you should look out for. And that's the kind of store that I want to put my brand of Species Nutrition Prize in. A store that gets it, a store that's going to be then educate and not just looking for profit margins. So once again, guys, if you're in the shoney area of Kansas, stop in, say, a little Christian teller, day-palombo, RX muscle, species nutrition, sent you. And I'm sure she'll take great care of you. This is your 30 minute question, Nancy. Oh, what day-palombo, all your questions on diet, training, supplementation, IFB, pros, competitions, of course, the Olympia one month away in Las Vegas, Dave. We have some big news to announce regarding the Olympia, which, of course, is going to be in four weeks time in Vegas. Yep, the big news is number one will be there, which was, which was a kind of like, an iffy situation, because I wasn't sure if we're going to do it. And now, I'm sure in Saint-Metrobredcon, one step up to the plate, he's sponsoring all our coverage as well as liquid sun rays, the official, our official tending sponsor of the Olympia coverage. And so we're going, you know, I hope my flight is not going to be like a million dollars. We haven't booked it yet, but Sid and I will be out there with Raphael Noble who are photographers, as well as Chris Isito covering the show as we always do with all our helpers out there who've come there to help us every year. It should be a great one. Obviously, Phil, he's going to try to tie it. I guess you could say a Olympia win number eight. Flex Lewis is last Olympia. We have the fitness Olympia crown vacated this year. So that's going to be a new one. Julie on a math, Malacarney is not going to be at the Olympia. So the women's physique Olympia crown will be vacated. So a lot of exciting stuff happening and a lot of great people stepped up to the plate to make this happen. You will be seeing over the next few days we've been recording interviews with already some top Olympians and we're going to be adding that list last year. I believe they we did about what 34 real Olympia interviews are something that I hope you don't do that many this year. No, but you know, again, it's no it's no state secret, but with a lot of the media contracts coming to an end, we are going to have a lot more access to some of the top Olympians pre Olympia during the Olympian. Of course, post Olympia. So keep tuned. The iron road. The Olympia is officially underway again as Dave mentioned power by Redcon one. And of course, our official tending sponsor liquid sun rays. So let's go to the questions. Our first two questions from the Dave Palombo experience app. The first question, Dave lately, I've seen people starting to use the victim's own slash, like, send what do you think of those products? You know, they're interesting products. What they are is they are what's called glucogon like peptides. They're, you know, when you eat a meal and your small testing senses food, it releases the GLP peptides. And what they do is they basically tell you, you're you're telling you number one, you're full. It's it's slow as the digestive tract out, but more importantly, what it does is it actually increases the output of insulin. So if you don't produce enough insulin, it will help the pancreas produce more insulin. And it also reduces the liver from producing glucose via gluconeogenesis. Now, as we know, the liver is constantly producing a glucose from amino acids in the liver. We can't stop that from happening or so we thought. But we can slow it down a little bit. And the advantage of, if you, if you're, if you're a liver is constantly cranking out glucose, you've got to produce insulin to absorb that glucose. Obviously, insulin is a fat storage hormone. We don't want a lot of insulin output. Okay, by the body or excessive insulin output by the body because our body is a cranking out glucose. So a lot of people have started using this sacsend, the, excuse me, the toes are sacsend the product to help with weight control because it kind of makes you feel associated because it slows digestive tract down. And it also helps reduce the output of insulin by reducing the liver's production of glucose. Now, this is an advantage for people for weight loss. It's used to be used to, it's both. I guess you could say it's, it's medical use is for type two diabetics that can't control their blood sugar. I think mostly because it reduces the output of liver glucose. But I've seen bodybuilders start to use it now for appetite control, okay, for weight loss because it, it, once again, reduces insulin output. And it reduces the amount of insulin you need because you're not producing as much glucose from the liver. So I haven't used it personally, but I do know some people who are using it and have successfully used it. Especially a lot of people who have appetite control issues. It seems to be a much more natural way to control your appetite as opposed to taking, you know, ridiculous amounts of stimulants in at or all and stuff like that to try to, you know, kill your appetite. That doesn't seem to work well. And there's always a rebound to walk that. So I think we're going to see a lot more use of it as it becomes more available. And as people start experimenting it with more. Second question again from the Dave Plumbo experience at Dave Great Interview with Stan Efforting, do you think his approach is optimal using all food sources over shakes and vitamins if you can actually do it? Optimal now, practical now, but, you know, it works, you know, look eating whole foods. If you can get your nutrition from whole foods and I think it's very, very difficult to get everything you need from whole foods. And I think even Stan would say the same thing. He's a big believer in supplementing with, you know, multivitemins and multiminaroles and something like that. I know he uses a lot of my products as well from species nutrition. But, you know, his approach is for the average person. If you can kind of, you know, if you can kind of try to get all your food groups in and try to get, you know, the right amount of nutrients, not to stuff that they tell you about in school, the right nutrients that our bodies need from the food you're eating, that's going to help your body, you know, long term, especially if you're eating a lot of food. So, you know, it's difficult for a lot of people to do this because it requires a lot of pre-planning. So, for a bot, that's why I say from a practical standpoint, I don't think it's that doable. I think for most body bills, they have they really want to just focus on protein, central fats, carbs, and then all their vitamins and minerals, they just, they don't worry about eating vegetables though like that because it's just extra calories, so they take that in supplement form. The problem is if you don't use a good high-quality protein, like, excuse me, high-quality supplement minerals vitamins, you know, in the right dosages, absorbability, then you really are hurting yourself. And I think, from for those people who are not willing to spend a few bucks and get the right stuff and I'm not just saying that my species nutrition wine of the mineralism, agilize are the right stuff because it is the right stuff. But if you don't want to buy my products or you don't have access to, there are other products that they can fill that void, but if you're not doing that, then your damn is hell better eat it in your meals. To me, it just seems it's cheaper and easier to do it through the supplemental form. Probably the right approach is somewhere in the middle, as it always is. Try to get some of it from your foods, some of it from supplemental form, somewhere in the middle is the ideal situation. And I think that's the way it is in life. And I think it's good to always get people thinking about what they're doing and that's what stand and I try to do in that interview and I think what stands is doing with his vertical diet. It's getting people thinking about what they're doing. Because even if you don't follow everything you tell you, if you pick up a few extra tips and nutritional, I guess you could say shortcuts from him, then you take away a message was well received. We'll take questions from our Instagram. Again, our Instagram handle is official underscore our ex muscle. We tease our Olympia coverage, follow our Instagram up until you lump in and of course throughout Olympia weekend, we're going to have loads of content on our Instagram feed on Twitter, Facebook and of course on the YouTube channel. They've you mentioned the women's physique division, Julia and Malacarney, of course, vacating her title, Trent Riddle Hoover, your thoughts on the women's physique class. I read what they're looking for, but from what I read, it basically said, don't get too shredded. Is there a science cap or what he goes on to say about his friend and in overlooking the division, go into detail about your thoughts of the class and its specifications. You know, I've been watching and following women's body building from probably since 1988, I think I was the first year I really was paying attention to what's going on. And you know what, they've been trying to control how big, how hard, how this, how that, these girls have been getting. And you know what the truth is, every single year, the bottom line is that whatever looks best on stage is what the judge is vote for. At the end of the day, if they say cut back your size, but the girl was big, but it looked feminine and it flowed well, she won. That was the best physique on stage. That's always the case. The problem is that some of these people get so at a control with trying to be the biggest hardest, that they start turning it into like a, it's like it becomes a freak show and it doesn't look good. So you can't say to the hardest, biggest girl on the show that, hey, you're not the best up there because she might be from a physique standpoint, but from a aesthetic standpoint, she's not. So the bottom line is they try to keep it from getting out of control. And I think that's a good thing. We don't want women's physique turning into women's body building. The way I got when it was out of control, I think women's body building now is actually not too bad. Although there's not that many competitors left. Most of them have gone to women's physique or retire. The key is to look feminine. It looks very easy to take a ton of drugs, okay, as a woman bodybuilder or women's physique competitor and put on muscle and get shredded. Okay, it's a lot harder to take a small amount, okay, and keep your femininity and focus on diet and training is a way of getting in shape. But when you do it that way, it looks better. Julianna Malakarni is the post-agre of that triad for this division. Why? Because she was feminine, she looked great, she presented herself well, she never put excessive amounts of muscle on yet. It was a look that people like said, hey, I like that. I want love to look like that. And that's what the division was created for. And I'm pretty, there's a couple of women out that I'm very impressed with their physique. Obviously, I've talked very highly of Sheneek Grant. I don't think she's excessively big. I don't think she's excessively hard. She's got syllogenetics and killer structure. And everything that she puts on to that structure looks great because of it's in the right places. And I think that, you know, she's going to be tough to be especially with Julianna Leaming. However, there's other competitors that are up there as well. I think if a competitor is listening to the advice that the IPB's getting and they take it literally, they'll come in too smooth and they'll do terrible. Comment at your best. Just don't do extreme things. Cole NPC, good friend of this show with active release and deep tissue worked on. Do you ever find that there's more growth in areas and less scar tissue around injection sites? With getting regular massages, that would be a point. Yeah, of course. Of course, whenever you get regular massages, you're breaking up the scar tissue before it forms. You're moving, you know, if you're doing injections into certain areas, you're moving the volume out of there. So it's not stagnating and building up, you know, connective tissue, you know, bridges. So yeah, of course, massages always a great thing to do. If you can do it, I mean, I know Jay Coffey is to get massages like five times a week or something like that. I think when he was competing. So obviously, at some point, you know, most people can't afford to do that. But when I was in the front my prime, I was trying to get a massage every week or pretty close to it. And it definitely helped with recovery. There's no doubt in my mind. Ronnie K Walker is extra virgin olive oil band to cook with. I've heard it's not a good oil to use. If cooking with it at high temperatures, I've heard macadamia not oil, which obviously used the jazz and coconut oil are better. Any truth to this? Yeah. Olive oil, extra virgin olive oil has a very low smoke point. I mean, if you heat it too hot, it degrades and it loses all its health benefits. And it actually could become a negative type of a bad fact. So you don't want to be heating. If you lightly start to heat it up too hot, it just goes to crap. That's why I don't trust any olive oil on the market right now because there's so many fakes out there with tons of soybean oil, padding it. It's almost like protein spiking. There's a couple years ago they're spiking the olive oil with cheap soybean oil. So I don't even go there. I don't even know people say, well, this brand is good. I don't even bother. I make a brand of macadamia. Because I couldn't depend on the olive oil and because I truly believe that macoiles are better oil. It's higher in mono and saturated fats. It has a perfect balance of omega-3, omega-6 is one to one ratio. Only fat that has that. You can cook with it. It has a super high smoke point. It doesn't oxidize when exposed to light. It doesn't go bad. It doesn't go rancid. And you know what it tastes like butter. There's no disadvantage. There's no oil out there that's more or more oil purpose than that. You know, coconut oil makes everything taste like coconut. Plus it's not an essential fatty acid. It's a saturated. It's a short chain or medium chain saturated fat, which is not necessarily bad for you. But it just can be really only gets used as a fuel source. It doesn't have any other purpose in the body. It does have some immune system stimulating effects they found. But by and far, macoile is if you're going to put oils into your body, that's the type of oil you want to put in there. It's in volume. When you go for essential fatty acid, you could take them and supplement them. You don't eat as many of them. But mono and saturated fats should be the main driving fats source of the body. John Daniel will taking expired gear or H.H. having negative effect on your body. I always tell this to be. The worst case scenario is that expired gear just won't work or won't work as well. When something hits an expiration date, it doesn't just deactivate itself. Okay? Most of the stuff is good for years afterwards. If it's not being kept in a stable temperature environment, it could start to degrade. But it's not going to just go from full policy to nothing because you hit a certain date of the calendar year. Okay, it was going to start to slowly degrade. It could take 10 years before it stops working. Back in the day, I had given a friend of mine some kids a growth home and I had. I don't know what was going on. I didn't want to keep in my house. I was paranoid of something like that. I forgot to gave it to him. Like seriously, like five or six years later, he told me, I got these things in my refrigerator. Do you need them? I completely forgot about them. I used them and they worked fine. I just don't believe like I said, as long as you keep things in a temperature controlled environment, you really have nothing to worry about. Sent Burger, your thoughts on sprouted wheat bread as a carbs source versus oatmeal. I get sick of eating the same thing all the time and it's nice to switch up here and there. Yeah, I like sprouted bread. You know, you got to be careful. Some of them have a lot of sugar. They put honey in them. They put sugar on them and that adds up quite a bit. Especially, obviously, you're dieting. You wouldn't want to be eaten that stuff. But the ones that don't have any added sugars to them, they're fine. I don't have a problem, especially the offseason. Offseason, you don't need to be so tightly controlled. Sometimes it's good to kind of, you know, loosen up your eating. As long as you're not eating foods that are going to get you fat, you know, putting tons and tons of ketchup at all of your every single meal you eat. In the offseason, it's not something I would recommend. If you use a little ketchup here and there, that's fine. I wouldn't use it pretty contrast, obviously. You can loosen up offseason, but that doesn't mean you should be just putting tons of extra unnecessary calories onto your foods that are really not doing anything positive for you. Be underscore, date day of I have a friend who eats a lot of fish in his diet. His mercury levels on his blood working back in the upper 20s could this be from the quantity of fish he's eating or would it be a quality issue of the fish itself? Both probably. If you're eating fish that has mercury in it and you're eating a lot of it, obviously you're going to get a lot of mercury in your bloodstream. If you're eating fish that has mercury in it, but you're only eating it once every couple days, you're going to have much lower levels, maybe not that much at all. Of course, it's always dose dependent. When Jason H. when I interviewed him, he had severe mercury toxicity. He was eating C-bass. He loved it. He thought it was a great fish. It was healthy. It was wild caught and he had tons of mercury in it. He was eating it like pounds of it every day. Of course, he had a much worse situation going on in his body than say the person who would eat C-bass, but maybe only twice a week. It just goes to, you've got to know what the fish is. I try to stay away from eating tons of tuna, even though I love tuna. I'm not so a tuna in the cans. I'm talking about the big sushi tuna. I love sour fish. I would eat it every day if I could, but it's, you know, it's got mercury in it. That's just the way it is. I try to eat more salmon. One of course salmon seems to be better. Yeah, this could be some PCBs in there. They're saying, but there's no, at least there's no heavy metals in salmon. That's where I try to get most of my fish. I also try to eat a lot of white fish that maybe don't like cod and something that they're small fish. They don't really accumulate these heavy metals in them. Once again, everything will kill you. If you eat the wrong type of food, you need to much of it. So try to spread it out and eat different sources of protein. It's funny. Nowadays, you know, bread meat was so out of vote. Now it seems to get everyone wants to eat bread meat because it's like the only thing that's safe nowadays. Dave, Dick Co. Dave, is there a way to minimize water retention in the offseason? I've holds so much water through the day and curious how to limit it. So what, you hold water and you want to know how to avoid the water retention in the offseason? Minimum in the offseason. The easiest way to stop water retention is to eat lower carbohydrates. Because the more carbohydrates, you can look, the reason why you hold water in the offseason and not pre-contest is because you're eating way more carbohydrates. When every gram of carbohydrates that you eat, you retain a certain amount of fluid with it, that's just the nature of carbohydrate storage in the body. When you store glucose, it's glycogen and the muscles in the liver, you store water with it. So if you're gorging on carbs all day, you're going to retain a lot of fluid from it. So if it's get that uncomfortable, cut back your, your carbon take and you'll see that water go down quite a bit. Likewise, if you're taking excessive amounts of G8, which will make you hope retain fluid, you might want to cut that those to your back as well. Let's go to one extra wrap on the type one diabetic and take lantus first thing in the morning every day. I have a new doctor who's suggested that I take it before going to bed every day instead. Since insulin and G8 combined to the same receptors, what taking lantus at night, negatively affect the G8 from reaching its receptors or vice versa. First of all, G8 really doesn't have receptors that we know of. When you take growth hormone, your body breaks the growth hormone down and deliver and releases a hormone on his IGF1. IGF1 will bind to IGF1 receptors. Now, sometimes IGF1 can also bind to insulin receptors and have what we call an insulin-like effect that's where it gets its name, insulin-like growth factor 1. That's not negative because it's doing the same thing as insulin. So once again, taking lantus, which is supposed to be a 24-hour insulin, a long acting insulin. First of all, you shouldn't be taking it one today. You should be taking it twice a day. These doctors are inbiscules. Lantus is a known not to last that long. You should be taking a nightly injection before bed and you should be taking a morning injection. Now, lantus is a long acting or what we call basal insulin. It doesn't just have an immediate effect. There's a very low key subtle in the background effect. So that's why you could take it before bed and you're not going to get hypoglycemic. If you took a shot of like human log before bed and didn't anything, you'd be, you'd be, you know, your blood sugar would drop to nothing. You'd be ready to you know, go into a coma. But that's not how long acting insulin works. So they don't really interact negatively with GH. GH and insulin actually works. They can kind of positively interact because the insulin will overcome the insulin resistance that the GH causes. So, you know, when I recommend that people taking fast acting insulin, I usually do have them take it in the morning with GH and the fast acting together. So it has a synergistic effect rather than an antagonistic effect. But when we talk about also, when we talk about these long acting insulin like lantus, it has no bearing on you taking GH. First of all, I would take GH in the morning. I don't I wouldn't take it in an accused of body naturally releases it today. And I would take my lantus half in the morning half in night. Let's go to Kyle and Mara new G, please as Dave, what amount of T3 or Sinemel will be considered to high with 75 NG's be considered to high, how to taper down properly to avoid unnecessary fat-hain post-contest? I won't ever go over 100 micro grams a day. I find that to be a safe amount that people could take without having any negative side of me. So once again, you're not just going from zero to 100. You're ramping up over a very long period of time, maybe over two, three months, three, four months. Take starting out of 25 micro rams and slowly every couple weeks building up to it. If you did it overnight, you would have problems because your body acclimates to it. I never found any problems with 100 micro rams per day. I've even gone a little bit higher sometimes just to pinch higher from India week or two. But that seems to be the ideal amount. I mean, most people don't need to go that high, but you can go that high without a problem. Now, when coming off-site, what I use is I use two week weaning off period. So, no matter how high you are, the first week, I would immediately drop it down to 25 micro rams per day, okay? And I do that for a week. Then I would do another week at half of that, 12.5 micro rams. Per day. And then go off. Because what happens is it's a very thyroid hormone is a really a direct feedback type mechanism, meaning that when you take, when the body senses T3 and the body act a thyroid hormone, it shuts down the signal in the brain. Okay? The signal in the brain is the hormone that's released by the hypothalamus to tell the pituitary to release thyroid stimulating hormone. Okay? When you take away the T3, okay? Your pituitary kicks back on, so it's producing more thyroid stimuli, hormones, so that your thyroid methods can start producing. That's why taking T3 really doesn't have any negative effect on the body. It's a very easy back and forth process. Now, what happens in a lot of times, and I've mentioned this before, is that hey, we lost some lights here. I don't know. I have, it's funny, I hear thunder in the background. I'm not going to stop recording. I have a generator. I just pay a super amount high amount to money for a generator. Let's see if the generator kicks on because I want to make sure I got my money's worth. I have a feeling one of these is plugged in a thyroid to another outlet that probably blew a few years, but we do have one light on, so I'm going to continue in the dark. Right, so I'm having this too, so maybe you can see it. Yeah, yeah. Tiles try to get me, he wants to go home basically. But anyway, thyroid, so a lot of people what happens is that they have low thyroid and they don't know it, and then they take side of mell, T3, and they lose a lot of weight, and then they say, okay, it's time to lean off of it, and they lean off of it, and they like they never feel normal again, because they didn't really say how great they felt when they took the side of them, and then they going to get blood work, and they find out that they're low, they have low T3. Meanwhile, they had it all along, they just didn't know it, and they think that they blame the fact that they took the side of mell as to causing the hypothyritis of, when that's just not the case. Very, very, very few instances occur where a person takes T3 and actually shuts down the thyroid, going permanently from it, very, very infrequently happens. Oh, it shut off? No, we're recording, what's wrapped up? Oh, okay. So I guess no one wants to record in the dark anymore. Did we lose it? Yeah, we lost it. Okay, guys, sorry, you know, sometimes mother nature tells us when it's time to end the show. It is after hours here, you know, we were doing a lot of recording this week, and this Wednesday, especially we were going late today. I hope you guys enjoy all the questions. Make sure you subscribe below, turn on your notifications, leave us comments, what you want me to talk about. Remember, you can always post questions to our official underscore RX muscle Instagram page, our on the RX muscle forums, on our Facebook. We have so many different avenues we can submit you questions to, and I will always answer them. Unfortunately, for Sid, Feruuki, and our producer, Tyler Shore on Daypalamba, and we'll see you next time.