Old School Body Building Clothing Company. If it's been three and a half hours since you last ate protein, now you're starting to freak out, you are old school. If watching someone sit on a hammer machine for five minutes between sets playing with their phone, pisses you off, you are definitely old school. OSBBC.com for the hardest training athletes. Welcome back guys to Guru Talk and I'm here today with John Hanson and we're going to be talking at Natural Body Building. Can you believe it, John? I show that doesn't talk about drugs. I can't believe it. Right, right. So I'm not going to have a not used drugs. Right, well, you know, if you don't have the basis of proper nutrition, okay, training, supplementation, if you don't have that part of the equation down pat, you're not going to maximize what you do when you take antibiotics if you decide to go that route. So this show is a dual purpose. It's not just for natural bodybuilders and it's how to get big. It's for everyone because that's something that I really felt that was part of my success at being putting on so much size was that I had my diet and supplementation and training down so perfectly before I ever took my first pill of any kind of antibiotics. That when I did, I think I got a much better response than most people did. Absolutely, yeah. And I think we've seen a lot of other bodybuilders who were natural for a long time. And when they went on the drugs, then they really went up to the top levels like kaygrain and karate colon. How did they reign on the Sean Clarita? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Sean used to be a natural bodybuilder. He's a neat and that bodybuilder. Sean wrote it. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. When I've seen Dave, I've been around the sport for over 40 years and I'm over when I started, they very rarely talked about steroids in the magazine. Once in a while, you would see an article where if someone like Pete from Caleski would come out and tell, tell all, but most times everybody kept it harsh for them. They just really downplayed it. They said they would only use them for three months before a contest and something like that. Well, and nowadays it's totally opposite. Where, because we have the internet, we have YouTube. Everybody talks about it. They talk openly about it. And I think what that's done is it's shown a lot of younger guys that you have to use steroids to get big. I don't think somebody's guys believe you can build any kind of physique without using steroids, which is ridiculous. From day one, they think they kick it. Yeah. I remember reading an article in Flex Magazine. It had to be in the very early 90s, maybe 1990, and it was about growth hormone and how danger was. Because they wouldn't do articles telling you how to use stuff, but they would do these articles explaining why you shouldn't use them. I was so horrified that I thought it was like the worst thing of all time because you're going to get to type one, you're going to get type two diabetes from it, you're going to get, you know, acromaglia, you're going to get. Every possible conceivable side effect that you would get from someone who has legitimate a pituitary tumor where they're over-secreting GH their entire life. That's what they put every side effect in there that you would get from that, which is really not realistic. But nowadays, like you said, now if the opposite, now if you guys are like, if you don't take GH you're a chump, you know, that kind of thing. If you're not using 10-eye use of it a day, you're even even bigger chump, you know? Right. Just, you know, I think that the education curve is just not there, but what I found, and I tell people this even to this day, and no one knows, everyone knows, I'm not, I'm not by any means conservative about, you know, using antibiotics. What I am a stickler for is proper nutrition and supplementation because the food is what builds the muscle, let's face it, right? And the supplementation is what runs all the chemical reactions in the body. Realize that. Vitamin is minerals, metals, trace metals. They all are the co-factors in the chemical reaction. So if you're missing those, or you don't have enough of them, you can be limiting your muscle growth and or your fat burning too. So that's why it's super important. You've, you know, you've been an advocate of natural body building, you know, better part of your career. And, you know, I can, you know, I'll give my insights obviously, but what do you feel was the most successful you were? You know, in terms of diet and supplementation routine during your career? Well, I had this growth spur, when I was, I started body building when I was 14, I was 135 pounds and I was very skinny and I had a really fast metabolism and it was hard for me to gain weight, it was hard for me to get big. I made a mistake when I was 16, I started competing and teenage shows, right? And I got hooked on it. And for the next three years from 16 to 19, I did 10 show. Oh my God. I was doing a, I was doing like three or four shows a year. So I really didn't give myself a chance to get bigger. Although I didn't get a little bit bigger. I really wasn't focusing on side, which is what I should have did, especially as a teenage bodybuilder. But it's really, you can, you can gain muscle when you're young, even though you're dieting. You can't do that when you're older, but when you're young, you know, somehow you put muscle on while dieting. I don't know. Right. I think I was probably 180 in the offseason probably 170 for contest. Wow. I'm a table is so fast. I would get ripped in four weeks. Yeah. I've only had to die after four weeks. And I'd probably probably about 170. So when I turned 20 and I couldn't have longer competing in the teenage shows, I said, I'm taking at least a year too often. I'm going to give as big as I can naturally. Right. So I got up to 205 the first year when I was 20. Wow. By the time I was 21, I was up to 230. So I had gained almost 100 pounds from when I started without taking any drugs. And it was hard to do. I had it really eat a lot of food because my metabolism was so fast. I got one point out. I was eating probably 5,000 calories a day. Oh, I can't speak myself. A lot of protein drinks and things like that. And I was training four days a week. But that totally changed my physique. My physique looked totally different. I had really expanded all the muscles as big as they could. And I also changed my metabolism. After that, my metabolism wasn't as fast. And I never had a closer that kind of bulking up period as much every time when I had any off season when I bulked up, it was much easier for me to gain weight. So I had completely changed my body. But it took the seven years. It took seven years of training. I found when I hit about 26 my metabolism slowed down a little bit enough for me to start gaining muscle. And so I forget who told me that. They said, when you hit about 25, 26, you'll see your metabolism will level off a little bit. Yeah, I was able to gain some weight. And they were right. My best years was probably from 24 to 28, or 29. That's when I made my best gains. I couldn't really gain that much early on. But I started working out in high school. Then I stopped and went the other direction in college because I wanted to be a fast runner. I wanted to run, you better say, lost weight. And so then I did what you did. So I went down to 140 and then I didn't about face. I wanted to try to start gaining after college. I was in my last year of college. And I put on 80 pounds naturally. Who knows how much from that was really just fluid and stuff like that and proper hydration. But I noticed that the more protein I ate, the bigger I got. That was almost like a curve. As much protein as I can consume, that increased my rate at which I grew. And that's I think because younger guys in the early teens are not used to eating tremendous amounts of protein multiple times a day. So for me, the regimentation of the six meals, whether they be shakes or meals per day, is I found that's where the magic happens with me. Yeah. Just for religiously getting on that schedule of eating. Yeah. How many calories were eating back then, do you remember? You know, I never calculated. But it was like it was literally like a, it was, you know, you could almost make a graph. Increase protein, increase muscle mass. It was crazy. And then I found it's at one point I kind of hit a plateau. This is when I was still natural. And then I by adding a little bit of dietary fat to my diet, remember reading Lehanie, saying he eats like one or two egg yolks with his breakfast. Right. Because everyone ate egg whites, right? Back then, in then, Haney was like, oh, I ate two egg yolks. Which seemed, you know, today that's tame, but it seemed like almost like sacralidious. And I said, well, I'm going to try that too. And this is before I even knew anything about fats, just by putting a little bit of dietary fat in my diet. Because everyone ate zero fat basically back then. I started growing again. And I hit another little growth spur. I went from about 180 to about 205. I got up to about 215 natural. I couldn't go any, I couldn't go beyond that though. So it's funny you mentioned set points or plateau is because I did the same thing. When I did my last teenage show, I was probably like I said about 170, 175 pounds. Within six months, my weight went up to 205 without even trying. Wow. Because I think my body was like, oh, finally he's given us a break. We've taken these calories and grow. And I got to over 200 pounds for the first time in my life. And I was like, cool, I'm on my way. I'm, you know, I'm about the 230 in no time. I hit a sticking point and I couldn't gain a pound for eight months. I was stuck at 205. And I just couldn't gain any weight. So that's when I bought the nutrition. All of my neck looked. This is before we had computers and before. Right. We were really tracking things as much back. That's a good thing. So I bought the nutrition. All of my neck looked. I started writing down. I got the calories of all the foods I was eating. And I figured out exactly how many calories I was eating. And I really increased it a lot. And that's when I bolted up and went up to 230. And that was over a six month period where I went from like two or five to two 30. So I forced my body to get bigger. It wasn't, it didn't just happen. Right. It took a lot of work. I'll tell you, and I like to give credit where credit suit. Even though it probably wasn't the best quality shake, Joe Weeter had that mega mass 2000. You remember when he put that in that with that? It was 2000 calories. But you had to like do literally the scoop was not a scoop. It was like cup. It was a measuring cup. And I think you had to do two full measuring cups were like two thousand calories. Something like that. I mean, it was an enormous amount of powder. And I didn't want to guzzle the stuff down because it was almost like unbearable. So what I did is I used to make them into, I would mix them with oatmeal and raisins and some eggs. And I would make them into cook. And I actually baked cookies with them. So I would take like the two scoops, the two thousand calories. I don't, I think like 50 or 60 grams of that was like protein. And then I made some whole eggs in there, obviously. And the oatmeal, which is adding more carbs. And I'm making cookies. And what I would do is this is what not is a medical school. I would, I would have a plate like, it would be like piled this high. And I would literally put it right next to me and I would just study. Because you know, I meant to go out of study for like two to four hours every night. I would at least, depending on what I had to learn. And I would just sit there and eat these things nonstop. So I was constantly like slowly, you know, putting protein and carbs and some, some, some little bit of fat into my body, nonstop. And it tasted good. So you know, it was like easy to do. And for some reason when I eat when I study. And you guys might want to try this. If you guys are readers or you watch tea. And because sometimes I fall asleep really easy when I start reading stuff. But if I'm eating something constantly, I can stay focused on what I'm doing. And I don't know why it is. Even to this day, if I'm sitting eat, munching on something, I can keep myself really focused without having to do caffeine because think about it. I did my studying at night. He can't sit there and drink cups of coffee, you know, and then expect to go to sleep after. So that was my stimulant, so to speak. And but you know what, when I did that, I would not have to wholeplay the cookies before going to bed. You know, over the course of maybe four or five hours. And then I woke up. I was swear I was bigger the next day. Well, it's funny. You've mentioned the fats because I think a lot of bodybuilders always focus on protein and carbs. Yeah. But when I was stuck at that two or five, and I couldn't gain a pound, I look, you know, obviously fats have twice as many calories per gram as protein and carbs do. So I increased a lot of my fats. I was eating a seven egg omelet in the morning with just whole eggs, not egg whites. And I got it. And then I would have two protein drinks today with whole milk, eggs, bananas, protein powder, and I would have two of those today. That would be the whole wonder. You know, and I don't know how many calories that was. And then I would have hog and fast ice cream as a snack. You know, like, you know, he's the dog and ice. I had a friend who was dad worked in the restaurant, business, and he used to supply the restaurants with like, you know, chicken, cordon, blue. And so he'd have all these stuff loaded and it's freezing with these big, they used to, I guess, provide friendly ice cream to them and they had these big half-gowns. And he was a pretty jack guy. He had good, really, genetics. We were going to his freezer and they're like, all right, we got to do protein. We would scoop out, you know, basically, you know, like a court of ice cream each. And we'd be eating that with, you know, blending it up with protein shakes and stuff like that. And we thought we'd get huge from that. And, you know, we probably weren't. That age you can burn everything, you know, and even so. All right. It was crazy. Yeah, it was amazing when your metabolism's going that fast. And this won't happen any other time in your life after you get out of your, you know, early 20s. It's old. But your metabolism's going so fast. You really got a force to food in. And then of course, the training, the training has to be there because that's what's going to stimulate the muscle in the first place. And when I look around the gym today and I don't know if these younger guys that I'm looking at are trying to be body-pullers or not, but they are training completely wrong. There's really too many stats. They're using way too light of way. They're not doing the compound movements. All the things you should be doing, they're doing the opposite. Yeah. I don't know where they're getting their information from YouTube or whatever. But they're just training wrong. You have to really, really push yourself to train heavy and using the compound movements at that age because that's what's going to stimulate the muscle. And then the food of course is what's going to complete the process of building your body. That's a good point. And I'll tell you relevant to myself. When I was training, I was doing the basic movements. But I was doing way too many sets because what I would do is if I wanted to improve my back, I would do every back exercise that there was. I'd ride them all down. I had bent rows, one arm rows, cd cable rows, pull downs from the back to the front. Pull ups. I probably did eight or nine different back exercises at three to four sets for exercise. Because that's what I thought you needed to do. You wanted to better back. You did more stuff because that was my runner's mentality. And I wonder, I think at some point when I was about two, 15 or two, 18, I said I'm going to start taking a little bit of gear. And that's when I did my first like windstool and premium of all in cycle. And I wonder if I would have fixed my training. If I would have how much I more, I would have gained naturally. You know, that always, I always wondered that that was my one, maybe people who's as a year one regret. That probably was my one regret that I wasn't training properly. So they didn't have that tweaked out yet, you know. Yeah, yeah. I'm surprised you took, you only trained four days a week. That's pretty mature for, you know, most guys would never, you know, everyone was like a six day a week train or back then, right? Because I hated it. Yeah, well, I was training six days a week when I was a teenager and I was doing all those teenage shows. And then when I, when I switched over and I wanted to bolt go, that's when I said, I'm going to cut back. But I was still training each muscle group twice a week. So I was doing this in same training for my god. Just shoulders, triceps and calves on Monday, Thursday. And then abs legs, back, biceps and forearm and Tuesday Friday. I mean, I was in the gym for at least two and a half hours. Yeah, yeah, I could imagine. But I did cut back on my sets. I was using like a moderate amount of sets. And I remember I counted up how many sets I was doing for the whole workout. Yeah. And I would speak that plan so I wouldn't over train. But I mean, that was young too. I mean, that's why I could train that heavy. You just did six day reps on all the compound movements and training, you know, twice or each body part twice a week. You can't do that when you start to get old. No, and then when you start to work, I was like, if you're not drinking something like a carb drink or something like that, you're never going to get through the workout either. I mean, because you're definitely running out of stuff, you know? You definitely, you know, because I would always, I would do these crazy long workouts too. But I had that like runners mentality that, you know, you're supposed to be suffering and you're supposed to feel depleted and exousted. But that's really not the case with bodybuilding. That's a big mistake people. You shouldn't leave the gym feeling like you just ran 10 miles, okay? Yeah. You should leave like feeling still pretty good. And I didn't, I had to get used to that. I never really understood that concept. I learned that much much later, though. I was definitely a chronic, because I trained with chronic overtrainers too. These guys would, you know, the workout would be over and they still run around doing extra sets and then I'm thinking I'm missing out so I better go do them too. You know, it was a big concept. So if we had a summarize, not overtraining heavy compound movements, enough protein, enough carbs and obviously not eliminating all the fats. Recovery, we really haven't talked about that, but makes you sleep a lot. I was trying to sleep, you know, as many hours as possible, taking days off from the gym. These are all, you know, until you have all this stuff tweaked at and we haven't even got to supplement you. You're not going to maximize your natural gains, you know, I think a lot of people give up training naturally, and then they don't even have all their stuff maximized yet. They don't even have the basics down. Well, I thought you made a great point together. Like, they was last week, they did a muscle in the morning or something where you're, or a ass Dave, where you're talking about how you should train heavy and not just go for the pump. And you don't feel as good when you leave the gym, but that's what's going to stimulate the muscle. Yeah. You know, when you start training heavy, I always stuck with six-day reps. So once I got to wait where I could do eight reps, I would increase the weight on the bar, you know, make sure and then go back down. And then sometimes I would even do stuff where I was doing like three reps on my own. And my partner would help me with two or three four strokes. Yeah. Just to force my body to get stronger, because I always believe the stronger you are in the basic compound movements for six-day reps. Mm-hmm. That's how, you know, you're going to be bigger. If you look at Kevin LaRoni, you look at Ronnie, you look at Jay Cutler, you go back to Arnold, Franco, Sergio, all those guys were super strong. Even go back farther to Regs Park, Bill Perl. Those guys were all really, really strong for that six-day reps with the compound movements. So that's the formula, that's the formula, that's what makes you big. Yeah. And believe that you're just going to get this pump and you're going to build up that sarcoplasm and all that. No way, man. You've got to build up those muscle fibers and that's six-day reps with that beauty weight. Compile movements. I remember when my friend Doug Wenz took me into the gym, I started training with him and I think it was 92 or 93 around the night, right around there. And I thought I knew how to train. And we go in there and I was, I think, Benchying like 185. Maybe I would do 225 for like two reps and he's like, all right, 135. Now let's put 225. I'm like, I do this for two reps. He's like, come on, he goes, look how big you are. You know, at that point I was starting to put some size on. So he was pushing me through, that was first couple of workouts, it was scary. And then he'd be like, all right, we're going to 265. I'm like, I never even did 265. He was like, you do it in today. And so he pushed me out of that, my comfort zone. I was in that I fell into a comfort zone of doing a lot of higher reps. I mean, a lot of higher volume training and not really lifting that heavy, because I didn't want to be an out of that comfort zone. And he pushed me out of the comfort zone and man, I was, it was like he torped me every single time I trained with him because he was so much strong in the name when we first started out. And I was doing things that I didn't like to do, you know. And that's what you got to do. You can't be doing the comfort stuff every day. Like, I trained now comfortable because I'm not trying to, I'm not trying to compete anymore. I do what I like the exercise they like. Like, we're going to nice squeeze on it. I don't, I don't have to put myself in an uncomfortable zone because I'm not trying to make any improvements. I'm trying to just stay fit. And so it's a different mentality. If you want to get better, you have to go where you've never gone before. Right. Well, you make another great point different day about pushing yourself. And you really need somebody to push yourself to that level. Yeah. Because it's hard to push yourself and train really, really hard by yourself. But when you have somebody that's more advanced than you and pushes you and goes to that pain barrier, that's something that has to be taught. It's very hard because I think your mind is always trying to protect your body from pain. Of course. You push yourself like that. Your mind's telling you stop, stop. But when you have somebody screaming at you to do more reps and do more away, then that's what's going to push you. And then once you pass that pain barrier, once you learn how to do that, then you can do it forever for the rest of your life. Every time you train, you can flip that switch, I remember I was training with Doug and we for like a whole year. And maybe we were six months into our training together. And I was getting pretty big. I put on a lot of sizes. I was like maybe 250, 260. And at this point I was strong. I got very strong. And he said, one day we go into the gym. He's like, yeah, we're going to do power cleans today. I'm like, the fuck's power cleans. I'm like, I don't want to do these. And it was the most awkward move because I had no, I never done them before. You know, I had, you know, I don't even know where he came up with this, but he would always come up with something that I had never done before. And at this point I'm getting such good results. I'm like, all right, he's like, don't complain, just do them. And I did it, man. I was sore the next day. Like, crazy. And you know what, that's what I needed someone like that to keep putting me into the zone of of tricking my body, doing, even though it probably wasn't a great exercise, it was very ballistic and I really liked that. It was, it was something different than we had done and it shocked my body a little bit. And that's, that's what I learned. You have to constantly keep your body, you know, guessing. Yeah, you got to squat most almost every week because that's going to build legs, obviously, like, but some weeks you might skip it and do something a little different. Maybe a Smith machine squad or something that's just going to kind of throw your body off kilter because maybe we went too many weeks in a row or lifting super heavy. So he wanted to, like, kind of just change it up a little bit. And that, that's important if you want to keep me, if you hit platos, you want to keep making gains, mix it up. That's why when people ask you, what do you think of this routine? What do you think of that routine? I said they were all great. Find what works for you. But then if you want incorporate other stuff in there, just to keep, kind of, keep your body guessing and otherwise you're going to hit stagnation points. And sometimes people think, oh, I'm stagnating, I got to take drugs now. No, you're stagnating because number one maybe you're not eating enough food now because you game 20 pounds, you need more food or maybe your training is the same every week and you got to change that up a little bit. Maybe you need a new training partner or just to give you new ideas and stuff like that. There's so many variables that you need to manipulate before you say that said I can't make any more progress. Yeah, yeah, I don't love how you but I always stuck with the barbequeels and dumbbells. I always tried this. I very rarely did machines. I mean, you probably heard Mel talk and when we, when we and Mel used to train, you said, like, I'm going to do like cable stuff on my head. No, no, no, no, no. All those dumbbell rows, dead lifts, you know, I think that's the basics. Right. That's what builds the muscle, you know, without drugs. Yeah, when I first started doing like freeway, it was like, it was like, I entered a new world. Like, I, you know, you remember the first time you tried a barbell, you bench press, the bars, all over the place that you can't even, you can't even worry about pushing the bar. You couldn't even balance the bar or dumbbells. The first time I got dumbbells up, they were like, you know, like, oh, I was fell off the bench from them. So that's the reason why those are good is because the stabilization aspect of that movement, freeway movement, you having the stabilize involves more muscle groups, which gives you a complete or development, which will help you get realized. Yeah. Absolutely. And, you know, now I mean, we haven't even talked supplements, but I can't tell you, you know, when you start increasing what you're doing in the gym, and you're trying to make your body engage in, you know, more protein synthesis reactions, oxidize more fat. The nutrients that normally are enough for your body, that you might just get normally from your food, now become scarce, and you start running out of stuff. You may not have an abv item as to metabolize carbohydrates. You might not have enough of the, you know, like, chromium, which is a very, you know, common, you know, trace metal that's necessary for insulin to work properly. So if you're chromium deficient, you might not burn fat adequately. I'm just giving you examples, but there's a lot of different, you know, calcium for muscle contraction, magnesium for muscle relaxation. All these different things come into effect. So now you have to increase your consumption of minerals, vitamins, and then we learn later, obviously, essential fatty acids, right, for repairing muscle cell membranes. No one got, you know, a lot of people don't take enough of that stuff, or they take cheap forms of it that they're not absorbing, because just because you're swallowing a pill doesn't mean it's going into your bloodstream. Right. And that was a, that was it a completely different science and different beast that I had to learn to conquer because, and that's what really interested me. I was in medical school. I wanted to know, I, you know, I'm learning all this stuff in my group, and, and excuse me, and, um, um, when I'm going to talk about biochemistry about how all these, you know, vitamins and minerals are used as co-factes, only chemical reactions, and I'm like, I'm not even taking this stuff. I said, how am I expected to maximize my performance? So when I started taking good quality supplements, I think you remember, uh, what was it, I don't even feel so rich, is um, saltgarstol around, I guess they are, right? All ground. Saltgarstol. Saltgarstol. You used to be like the, the number one. It was the most expensive, remember, came in a glass bottle with shrink wrap plastic, and I think just all around saltgarstol. I, I think nature's bounty on something like that. That was like the high-end line. I remember those products were really expensive. Well, do you remember they had those amino, what was, uh, it was like an Asian name, uh, what were they called? Those amino, they were just plain. They weren't flavored or anything. They, uh, I can't remember what they were called. Someone's going to remind me in the comments, but, yeah, I had to spend money, right? And people didn't, we didn't have money as kids, but, right, that was an important, I mean, think about, if you knew now about nutrition, I mean, if you knew then about nutrition, what you know now, in terms of supplementation, think about the progress you would have made. Yeah, absolutely. Or even just counting up the calories and all that stuff, that's something I learned later on. Yeah, when I was trying to, right, what were you taking, we taking an animal pack or an animal, if megapack from Joe Weiner, I mean, that's what most people took, right? Well, I was a kid, we were all taken liver supplements, those liver types. Oh, the liver tabs, yeah, and I don't even know. Yeah, 30 a day, I was taking 10, 10, 10, because it's been surrounded by the told you to take them, that's why, right? Yeah, yeah. We're taking all of the amino acids, it's a couple minutes, so then of course, the weight gain powder came in, you know, when I was trying to gain weight. Right, but I'm talking like pure like, you know, multivitamin mineral, you know, it's type stuff. I remember a Weeder Joe Weeder came out with his victory line of products, which was all, it was there, they were very overpriced, but it was all marketing with Haney and Kasparian, very denated, we're using. Yeah, but, those were, none of the fact, those were so high end that I think they went up this continuing them because they were so expensive to make. He had essential fats in there. This was before anyone ever did it. It was like a mega pack, but it was like the, he had his anabolic mega packs, but then these were like the next levels, like they were like, I remember I bought him a couple of times, they were very expensive, but they were essential fatty acids in there that were like hot, like, he laid in minerals because Joe was a big believer in healing. He knew about healing, minerals, minerals bounce to amino acids back then because, remember he was selling chromium, Pauline the codenate, which was a, which was a key-lated chromium, whereas a lot of people were selling the salt furs in the chromium, which really wasn't absorbable, you know, and, you know, that made a huge difference in people's response to a lot of things. And, and I don't think people knew a lot about it. They just figured I have to take this stuff, but it's, you know, it's, it's so important when you're training at that level and you're consuming that much food to take the right supplementation. Yeah, I'm going to grab you take in multi-vitamin, multi-mineral, vitamin C, weak complex, vitamin E, you know, those are just the basics that you take every- You could have 40 bottles on your, on your kitchen counter, right? I mean, and you still, you still had stuff you wanted to take. That's why when I, when I produce, you know, the species line of products, you know, when I came up, we'd be mineralized and, and, and, oh, mega-lyce, I said, you know what, no one's going to take 16 different bottles. I got to put it all into, into two formulas. That's, and, and, minerals and vitamins, trace metals. And I made it easy, and I put it in a month's supply because I remember the toil that I went through as, as a young body, builder, trying to get the right amount and how long is it going to last me because I got a budget my money. I need 14 different bottles, you know, and you start saying, well, all right, well, what can I afford and what can I afford? If it was, that's why I think that people love the animal packs and they, and about the mega packs because it was like all in one formula. All right, exactly. The problem was a lot of that stuff was never absorbed, they weren't good forms of the stuff. It wasn't really absorbable. Yeah, it was on the ingredient list, but I think someone did that experiment with those because those animal packs used to have like those hard tablets here, remember? Yeah, yeah. So, when put them in water, like, like, like, like, 20 days later, they still had the resolve to something like that, you know. People were taking it, and just pooped them out. They weren't even coming out in there in the toilet bottle. But it wasn't even, I can't even blame the companies. No one knew. You know, it was such a early science back then. No one really knew what was really good. You know, Bill Thurps was one of the first few people to really start, like, you know, let people start to think about, hey, I need this supplement for this or this supplement for that. And this is a better form of it. And I think that's what we do step this game up to when Bill Phillips did. Yeah, absolutely. I call the mid-90s, you know, that early 90s, mid-90s, that was like kind of a hey, they have supplementation when finally people were starting to talk about quality of supplements, right? Because I mean, before that, I mean, everyone was using basically powdered skim milk and sugar. That's what all the protein powders were. Yeah. And then metrics came out, you know, and then metabolol from from from from champion nutrition, those changed and then designed a protein. Those changed the way we thought about, you know, nutrition and supplementation. The creatine came along right around that time. Yeah. Yeah. And then, then, you know, all the other stuff, you know, dimediduring for, you know, for retraining, ultimate orange, which was, you know, de-chains, you know, work that. That was really the first, people were really, that was the first pre-workout, you know, of all time. Yeah. Was the ultimate orange, you know, was a fedra and like a carbohydrate mix. That was the only one of the fedra, right? Right? That was the other big, very extra. I mean, they were that, people think that, you know, BSN came out with, you know, an analogue, which was the first pre-workout it really was and it was really, really, really damn disheveled. I don't know if Danny, whoever put out the ultimate orange. I know Dan was Dan's formula supposedly, right? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So I mean, we, and notice, we've been talking for what, 45 minutes, maybe, and we haven't mentioned drugs one time because, right, right, exactly. Think about how much there is to think about before you even get the drugs. Yet most people, the first thing on their mind is what, what's stack am I going to take, right? Yeah. I really think it's the mindset nowadays where people just believe you have to take steroids to get big. And, you know, you really got to push yourself. I mean, I was the kind of guy that, my, I wasn't genetically gifted as far as like a fast gainer. I wasn't someone like any from the Sean Ray. Yeah. Those guys grew really easy teenagers. I was very skinny. I had a transform my body and I did it, but it took seven years of training and it also took a lot of eating and a lot of hard training, a lot of hard training. There was many, many years of really bustling your ass in the gym. So, the other thing I wanted to mention, Dave, also, is these guys need to track their progress. You know, maybe take sure once a month and take measurements once a month and make sure they're growing and don't be afraid to get a little fat. You know, you should, you know, that age, you're not going to get grossly fat unless you have a terrible metabolism. But if you're eating clean food, I remember I even when I was poking up, I would eat food that I prepared at home. I very rarely went out in eight. So, it was all food that I, and it was a lot of work eating all that food. Like, as long as I was getting bigger everywhere else, I didn't care if my weight went up a little bit. I was just happy to be gaining weight at that point. You know, I was happy to be gaining as big as I could be. Well, it's also about, you know, it's consistently applying all the principles we just talked about, training properly, resting, eating the right amount of foods, never missing a meal, taking all the nutritional supplements. A lot of people are not OCD enough to apply that every single day, seven days a week, every day in the month, every day of the year. People go in spurts. They, they're good for four to six weeks and they kind of get lazy. They go away. They go out with their friends. They drink. They miss a couple meals. You know, before they know it, you know, the six weeks of progress they made. They just went and they lost it all. And that I was of the mindset and it seems like you were to them. You know, we had this goal of how we wanted to look. And we weren't going to miss ever anything. You never were going to miss a meal. You never were going to miss a workout. You weren't going to, you were not going to leave anything to chance. Anything we had control of any variable. We made sure that we maximized. And that's how you make good gains because it's not the gains you make three days a week. It's the small incremental progress you're doing every single day. And it all adds up. And you mentioned the rest of my cooperation. I remember during that time I was sleeping eight hours a night. Yeah. It's probably taking an hour nap during the day. And I cut it back on all my outside activities. The only thing I did was weight training. I wasn't playing around. You know, shooting basketball or running around and doing anything else. All I was doing was I cut back. And I remember those are saying, don't run. If you can walk, don't walk. You can stand. Don't stand. If you can sit down. If you're going to sit down, you must will take a nap. Yeah. No, no. I was a big believer of that too. It's funny. My father said, always told me too. He goes, if you want to be an athlete, play your sport. Don't play other sports because you're going to wind up getting hurt. And I took that the hard. I stopped doing like you said all the, you know, any other risky behavior that I would normally do. You know, other pick-up basketball, you know, back then the big thing was, you know, coming out of high school or in high school, it's football. The pick-up football games, right? You play like, you know, we used to play tackle football with no equipment. You know, it was crazy what we did. But it was fun, you know, and I loved it. But you know what? That's when you're a body building and you're building your body and one plane of motion and then you go play football on a weekend, you know, for one day, you wind up crippling yourself. You know, I wouldn't play beach volleyball on something like that because you go up for to spike the ball before you know, you tear a bicep or you can pull your shoulder out, you know. And just conservative in calories. I remember when I was like 15 years old when I was before I started competing, I tried out for wrestling just to, you know, try it. I never had done wrestling before. And these guys are running around and they're burning all these calories. And then they're trying to cut weight. I'm like, this is the exact opposite of what I'm trying to try to get bigger. These guys are trying to lose weight and get more grip and get smaller, you know. Yeah. It's weird because I was a runner and then I had to, I had to like, we and myself are running because I was so addicted to it. And then I got to a point where I got so big. I couldn't even run anymore. It was like my body, I could completely change how functional my body was from one thing to another. It was it's incredible how you can do that to your body. But if you want to be good at what you're good at, do what you want to be good at, don't, don't do what you don't want to be good at. You know, and I always tell that to people, you know, when you're training and you, let's say you're trying to burn some body fat. It's stupid to go and do super crazy high intensity cardio when you don't have to perform cardio vascularly on stage for that. It's not like you're training for a triathlon where you actually have to actually run a race. You know, you're doing cardio so that you can burn fat and look good on stage. It has nothing to do with functionality. And I think a lot of people start thinking, well, if I do high intensity crazy, 90 cardio, I'm going to burn more calories. Yeah. But that's not going to be functional for bodybuilding. You're going to also burn a lot of muscle doing that. Yeah, there's so, there's so many kinds of this more is better. I hear people talking about all the time. They'll do a contest and they're like, I got to bring up my back. So I'm going to start training my back three days a week. Well, I've had every day the rich piano feeder feeder workouts used to do, which was I think more of like a, he, rich would kind of think up things that would shock people and then would do these videos. I'm like, you know, in training a week body part every day, you train it last, not more, you know, right, right, right, exactly. And I worked out town. And I see so many guys today training six days in a row and I got a rest. You got to hit it hard in the gym and then recuperate. You got to run back to how was training four days a week. Maybe I could have been made better games back then going three on one off. But you always got to have those rest days. Right. I remember when Ronnie Coleman was Mr. Olympian people would see that he's doing each body part twice a week. He's training six days a week, like you said. Right. And people are trying to emulate that. I'm like, guys, this guy is a genetic freak. He can recover from anything. He does probably if he trained the right way, he would be, you know, 330 pounds on stage. Don't try to do what he does. That's not the guy you should be copying, you know. I always thought the Dorium was a good guy to copy because I just thought, even though Dorium structurally had it, obviously a genetically good structure for, for me, a great body He didn't look like he was like a, are particularly like a genetically blessed guy in terms of gym. I think he was all, it was a lot of intellectual and scientific, you know, study that he did. This is what would work best, what, you know, what routines he wrote everything down. He was very methodical. That's a guy you can kind of copy to try to emulate because he wasn't a genetic freak, like a, like a Laveroni or or Flex anything they did. He grew. He'd got them to be the best because he was, he was a scientist about it, you know. Yeah. Well, it's funny Dorium came along in the 90s. And when I was growing up in the 70s, we had Mike Menser. Yeah. Because my started working out, we all followed Arnold. Everybody was training six days a week. Everybody in the whole country was training six days a week. Arnold was. And then Menser came along and he goes, no, I only trained four days a week and you can just train a muscle hard. You can train that long. You can't do both. And that blew everybody's mind. And I think that changed everybody's training. I don't think a lot of people letting it get exactly what Menser did. Right. But everybody cut back. I think everybody cut back from six days a week, 20, 25 sets of body part. Right. We all cut back. And I think everybody made more gains after that point. Yeah. And there are guys who can do 25 sets in growth from it. Obviously, we've seen these guys, but not many people can do that. I certainly couldn't recover from that. Then anything I got small from doing like like 25 sets. I didn't, I didn't even gain any muscle. I would get leaner, but I wouldn't get any bigger. You know. So I remember Tom Platt said that too. He said when he went to California, he trained with Arnold. And he got smaller. 20, how Arnold really respond? I wonder if Arnold would have responded to more of a dory and training routine. I know Arnold liked the train for hours now. But you know, he was a tall guy. I wonder if he would have had better legs if he had not overtrained his legs and stuff like that. It would have been just interesting to say. Well, if you look at Arnold back when he was in his 20s, he did a lot of powerless thing. And he was much more bulkier. I don't want to keep out of your trip. That's true. And he thought a whole new way of training. I think when he came to America. Yeah, California, you know, in general. Different mentality. Everyone's like, you know, very laid back there and everything. Yeah. That's why Arnold did so well. I think he had that like, you know, that Iron Curtain, you know, Eastern European, you know, work ethic. And then he goes to California where everyone's like, yo, peace happiness, you know, and just kind of like, you know, chillin' out. And so Arnold just ate those guys for lunch there, you know? Yeah, exactly. The best bodybuilders in California were the guys who came from the East, right? And came across the country, you know? Right. They weren't homegrown there. That's for sure. Yeah, not many of them. Well, you know, I hope people, you know, took some of this information that we put out there to heart and realized that, hey, if you want to be a natural bodybuilder, he has some great advice, but you know what? If you want to be a bodybuilder that uses gear at some point or it uses it now, you still got to do the same things. That's why when people say, hey, if you train natural bodybuilders, I'm like, of course I do. It's the same exact formula, whether you're naturally you're not. Drugs just make things work better. That's all. Yeah. Yeah. I'm doing the same thing. I'm training natural bodybuilders and getting ready for shows and, you know, it's a whole different mindset, but you just, you got to put in that work and you got to do it right. And if you train like a lot of these kids, I see in the gym, you're not going to get anywhere. No. You know what it is? I think people think drugs can make up. And to some degree, drugs can compensate for mistakes that you make. But imagine if you do everything right, how good the results will be. People say, hey, how did you gain a hundred pounds of muscle in five years? And I said, I said, well, because I did everything right, you know, at that point I had got everything on my training, my diet, my supplementation, my drugs, my rest and recuperation, my lifestyle, I set up for myself. Everything kind of worked. And that's that's the way you make the best gains. I mean, you can still make gains, but if you want to maximize your gains, that you've got to have every variable cover. And you know, and that's, you know, I teach that my secrets to becoming a diaper, of course. I know you talk about it all the time on your things. I stay, I keep pounding the same advice to the people's heads because once they realize that there's no secret, there's no magic bullets out there. Okay. And I know a lot of gurus don't want to hear it. They don't want me to, they don't want us to tell anyone this. They don't want to, they want everyone to think that there's a special secret that they're only going to get by working with this coach or that coach. There's no secrets, guys. A good coach is someone who takes a program that has all the basic tenants covered and knows how to manipulate it and make the changes to keep your progress moving forward, whether it be gaining muscle or losing body fat. And that's what makes a good coach. There's no secret magic, you know, formulas. I put all my diets and everything out there from free. I've been doing it for 30 years. I've been putting it out there. Here's my keto diet. Here's my supplement routine because that's not what's special. What's special is yeah, you've got to have the basics down, but then it's how you modify it, how you add the right foods at the right time or reduce the amount of training you're doing or add cardio or whatever you're trying to do to that's a good coach. And that's that all that only comes with experience. I mean, joining me this long time, I would do this a long time. You can't teach someone that. You can, I could teach them the science, but coaching experience comes from just years of doing it. Yeah. And you got to have the passion and the hard work too. You got to train hard and you got to eat good and that's not going to, you know, it's not what you do. It's how you do it. You really got to push yourself. Holds at the gym and at the at home when you're eating. Yeah. And if you don't do that, you're not going to get the most money gains you can get. Right. And if you're a coach, you can't, I'm not there with you in your house. So I can't motivate you to want to be the best that you can be. But if you have that motivation and I coach you or John Coaches, you're going to get great results because we're going to make sure that all of those variables are covered. So anyway, on that note, let's wrap this up. I want to thank everyone for joining us for another episode of Guru Talk. If you guys have any suggestions for future shows, put them in the comments below and we will, uh, we will absolutely address them then. I'm Dave Palombo with John Hanson. We'll see you next time.