10 and 9 You're my and I'm a group There ready for two guys who can't handle the truth The truth you can't handle the true word we can't be Lumball Chris Asito Orange Russell dot com presents Every muscle What a deal What jazzy Welcome to another episode of heavy muscle Radio on the polumball And I'm joined as always by the technician Chris Asito On this July 9 2018 evening in Chris Big big weekend in the body building world Lots of shows Two big open shows one in Chicago one in Vancouver I guess that's kind of the biggest news of the week And I guess you could say because it was a great battle In Chicago Surgery or leave a juniors hometown Went back Went back It was kind of like a homecoming of sorts And battle it out with Michael Lockett And Lockett emerges victorious In a very close controversial decision Let's talk about it You and I weren't there So we'll we'll preface that right from the beginning You know when we're there we say we're there we're not there We're not there so we're going by pictures and video I did a nice wrap up of the whole weekend's events But let's talk about what happened What do you think about the outcome? Obviously you helped surgery so you're a little biased Give me your analysis Well I had my chief of staff Jose Raymond there You went to the Jose going to all these shows all the sudden he's like I'm just because his wife does is doing the shows Oh, and he's also coaching people so I heard that Jose was actually in both Vancouver and Chicago at the same time He was spotted Is that possible? No that would have been I heard you holographically transported himself to Vancouver While he was in Chicago so he wasn't the spot in both places Now he was just in Chicago and he was he prepped Justin Randall and he prepped Michael Orgas They looked great and he prepped Lloyd dollars. It was fourth. Yeah, he prepped Lloyd dollars Who are you? Fantastic Yeah Lloyd is from this right from the Fort Myers a Cape Corral area where I am That's right and Jose was nice enough to go take a look at Sergio from me because I didn't go to the show Right And didn't feel good to be home this weekend? I'm all in every weekend No, I know I'm saying usually you are on the road a lot you're like me now you stop traveling Yeah, and I put an end to end Stop being said What a cabbage? Well I lost the power gave us your father would say I'm sorry But you're a staff can relate to that too I call my Jose Raymond my chief of staff I told my son it Jose you're going to be my chief of staff Yeah until he until he gets his girlfriend and then he won't be traveling anymore either Yeah exactly I wanted you know I used funny because my mom and Chad Nichols was banging out all those you know top guys Back when a callman was winning in flag and all of a sudden he just disappeared And I said Chad I don't see it any shows him because you know had kids and I didn't understand when he was met by that I thought he was just like trying to be this good dad you can't leave this You can't leave because if you do you get divorced you know No, well you don't have time for like when people go to be like what do you do? I say why I guess I can't even begin to start because I have kids Yeah, it's it's it's hard to explain but once they get a little older and they're in school and they get into the team Yeah, you know it is because then they don't care if they don't even want to hang out with you anymore After that then you have a little more to Chad has a little more time than that This kids are like grown up I see him a few more shows that he normally is but I didn't understand it now I do completely understand So get back to the Sergio verse the lock it battle Yeah, so Sergio came up came up two giants that's short Two mils, right such Take a view it to no, but so anyways, I wasn't there Jose to had you know Jose's pretty forth right not that it matters, but I mean he has a 25 year eyeball Meaning he's a very good judge of what win shows and he was doing the play by play for me In terms of you know just text me what's going on in the show and sure He didn't he didn't say by any means it was slim dunk for Sergio, but I know me no time did he think Sergio was losing So it just has opinion you know so when when I review the show You know I'm gone by pictures of course and video, but And I actually thought lock it looked good pictures and video and I I can see why you know he's got a freak factor going on but according to Jose Sergio was you know quote good enough to win that show You know what the promise and and I said this in my rap of Sergio actually looks better in pictures I think sometimes his body translates well into photographs and and even into video Lock it because he's so charismatic on stage and video you can't take your eyes off him and the pictures he knows how to position his body very well He has his good body awareness lock it has the worst body awareness. He's not a good pose or he has no charisma But he's grainy nasty hard and he's big his upper body's huge his legs however It's always been his his Achilles heel. They're not good. They're hard don't give me wrong and from behind they're awesome But from the front and the sides that their shallow the right leg is definitely got a problem I think he's got any problem there and that that hurts him. Now that's that's being super critical. He's still good enough to beat everyone there tonight But I think that Sergio's legs are so good because that's like his best body part that to me it over rides anything anything that lock it's got going on in terms of I mean He can't judge a guy with no legs, you know gets a guy who's got the best legs, you know on stage. It's very difficult But once again, we weren't there so you know lock it's grainy this might have really Translated well if you're sitting in that front row, you know it might have had a lot more wow factored in Sergio's carerism or Sergio's legs I don't know it's hard you know for us to make that call Yeah, I mean so that's that's why I prophesied with You know I deferred to Jose's opinion Come you put Sergio and lock it on the Olympia stage Sergio blows his doors off Why? That's such interesting you know what I do someone else Because there's other guys that you're comparing them against in Sergio stacks up very well against the rest of the line up It's just when it's locked in in him you start saying well, maybe you want to get a little harder and Griny air and he's got freak factor from behind, you know So Dave you're the literally like the fourth person in the last few hours Two of said well Sergio should just qualify for the Olympia because he you know He's not gonna be in the first call out, but you know who'll get a look somewhere down there You could be a top 10 Olympian Sergio Yeah, yeah, that's exactly what you yeah I agree I agree I love to watch him pose man he put what a what a performance he puts on so unconventional way But the routine when I I Jose had taken a video of his routine and sent it to me, I think I did see I didn't know what was going on Yeah, it was like Phantom of the Opera and crack I almost think he was a little too excited don't you? No, Jose said it's the cookies routine that only works for him. Oh, yeah, no one else can pull that off No, no But And that's the you know the crazy thing because Lock it's like I'm very He's not like an entertaining pose. He's just just looking him because he's so freaky hard, you know, well, yeah, and he and Lock it does have a very interesting resemblance to Leighane he doesn't it in terms of actually He's got some big resemblance maybe people say that's racist Maybe dentally he does Not me they got that like same smile, don't you think? Yeah, yeah, you know what I said dentally. Yeah, they have the little bit of gap to put it big But they they they they have a very symbols smile, you know I don't know I it's a I ever since I saw a Lock it first compete. I thought of him having him looking very much alike Get some resembles though But he's good. Lock it's good. You know, you can't take anything away from the guy. He's look I remember when this guy did the team universe back in the day and he you know That was a drug test to show back then he wanted he didn't even take the pro card turned it down And that's Boston Lloyd both by the way Boston Lloyd's dream and life is to win the pro card and turn it down That's that's he told me what he's gonna do in terms of 30 I said it both you may if you lived the 30 I said then maybe you can do that I said but you have to win the pro card first lock it one the pro Everyone said there's no way the guys natural Dave Lieberman had had him in the natural Ohio shell like a couple weeks earlier Or maybe the year before that and they drug tested him because they always drug test that show and he was 100% naturally pasted the team universe drug test. So he was a natural freak the following year. He did the NPC junior nationals if you remember any one that overall And then they need to superior You know, no one know it happened to him I think about the nationals of some of them. They did disappeared He was hot. He was like second of the nationals and then he came back at like ten years later. Some of You remember at the North American where a came one he was second Never returned in the fall. I think the national later that year we got his pro card, but he's just a genetic freak the guy He always walks around which striadical. He's got those freaky calves the only black I know with with crazy calves and He's a guy when he puts his mind to being the best he can he he's just genetically so gifted he he can win shows Just by his will power And you know like I said I don't I don't I think both for both guys. It's really a victory Don't you think it here tonight because I don't think by any means Sergio did not disappoint He brought even though he didn't come away with the win. He certainly brought a look that's worthy of Saying he's better than last year. Now the question is do you put him in another show now to qualify for the Olympia I think it's a mistake not to do another show. He too. That doesn't mean Sergio's going to do it though Yeah, no, I mean he's unconventional right? Yeah, what's next then that he can do? He did tamp on yeah, he could tamp I think he did Be exciting. Yeah, I think I think it'd be tough to beat that show like that. You know, I mean depends on who shows up. I mean he can be beaten. I mean if rocket can beat him other people can beat him You know, he can beat Lockdown any given day as well and you know depending on who shows up in Tampa. Let me just give Give some another four weeks to you know fine tuna's physique go back to the giant sense and What would you have like to see better one giant sets? What would you have like to see better on on Sergio condition? Yeah, you know, he could be a little bit harder, but I have to say you know, that's why I did post it. I mean I sent pictures to you of the way he looked amazing. I was pretty impressed. You know, you're just looking at garbage Chicago lighting. You know, meaning everyone looks completely washed out. Yeah. You know, and it's kind of like to it's probably one step. Well, it's just I don't want to compare it to another show to insult a promoter, but just the lighting, you know, I don't know if it's lit for the show and not photography, but You look at pictures of people and everyone looks washed out. Yeah, it's a little overlit if anything. Yeah, which works for Lockets advantage because he's very dark. I know you're going to say that. I know you're going to say that. It's a truth. It's a truth. Yeah. Very dark. He never looked washed out. So dark. So we'll see. It's got good skin color. Very good skin color. Painting had the good skin color. That's another thing the other way. But have the same ones. Skin color to each other. Well, that's not good. Can you always had great coloring on stage? I always remember that looking at those Olympic A picture studying those muscle fitness and flex magazine to like, man, I can hate these. Got great coloring on stage. Yeah, I'm sure he can. Those days regular tan. Oh, yeah. Absolutely. I'm tan. He probably sun tanned. I'm sure. But are we sun tan back then day with heart, what we sun tanned? Well, I've heard a lot of, you know, flex wheels. You just say you guys black guys got a tan. You can't otherwise you look gray on stage. You know, you got a sun. What? Okay. You got to be dark. Yeah. Justin Rodriguez, third place. Give me your analysis. Um, continues to improve. Uh, I think, you know, what that means is not only show to show, but yeah. Yeah. I don't think he looks that hard here to tell you through that. I think I was trying to come to, I think he's trying to come to watch out here. Yeah. I think it's just the light. I'll take a work. Really. Yeah, I mean he looks like, you know, I mean he looks good in pictures. But I mean Sergio looks like good in the pictures. Market looks like good in the pictures. So it's hard to tell. Right. Yeah. I'm looking at the pictures on NPC news and you know. I guess you're right. You can see he's got a lot of good conditioning. Who knows? You're proud to be right. It looks like it's overlit the stage. That's exactly what it looks like to me. I think Justin's put on a lot of muscle very quickly and I think it's going to take him sometimes to kind of solidify all the games. Yeah, I mean, the key words is right there. Solidify the games. You can gain muscle and you can gain quality muscle, but just to really hone it down and make it look like a rock. It still takes time. So I guess in a sense, Sergio wins the war between him and Justin, you know, that they had going on Instagram, right? Because he beats me. Yeah, well, what would they do? They have a better something? Well, they would just, you know, ribbon. They've been ribbon each other for months now, but who's better, you know? Well, that's still for two for Sergio. What the heck? That's enough. Sergio is fine with that. And once he beat Justin Rodriguez, like it doesn't count because like it does, you can't, I can't even get a phone number for like I can't find any way to get in touch. Well, look, there is only one quasi controversial issue with the show. Suds a terrible lighting. The first call out, of course, had lock it and surgery when they are. And then they put those guys back, right? And then they never compared them in pre-judging, even though they put them back. Right, they haven't had like a final call out. No, and they didn't do it in 90 though. Wow, that's weird, right? It's weird. The audience would have gone nuts for that. Yeah. Hmm, interesting. It is kind of weird. Yeah, I'll dissect it. I'll dissect it. I'll dissect it. I'll dissect it. Just to play this is just for fun. This is not like factual. But who's legs a better? Surgeos or lockets? Surgeos, obviously. Okay. Who's legs a better? Justin's or lockets? No, lockets or one more out. Probably, I don't know. It's close. It's like the locket. Who's up a body's better? One, that's what. Okay. Did Surgeos be born last year? Absolutely. And Surgeos can't be locket. Yeah, I know what you're saying. I just didn't want to. One wasn't as good as the other. I don't even believe what I just said. Yeah, it's very hard yet to compare. That's what I'm talking about. That's what I'm talking about. Yeah, it's very, very hard. It's a gross science analysis. Yeah, if A is bigger than B, then B is bigger than B. It's like, the load is tolling, right? Isn't that what the logic? The load of motors tolling? It's A, it's a B, and then D is to C, then A is to C. Well, I'm, here's another interesting one. At last years New York Prove, the last call out of Prejudgeon. They didn't do a last call out of Prejudgeon Deloroso versus Surgeos. Surgeos. They put them back. Right. They saved that for the night show. Right. And it was exciting in the night show too. Yeah, yeah. So, so this year at different shows, Chicago, Surgeos in there. And he's competing against Lockett. And they put those two back in Prejudgeon. But they don't bring them out. So you think, okay, they're going to do like New York. And they're going to save that for the night show. Maybe they made that the Surgeo move the way for Chicago. I don't know. You know, like when when LeBron James left the Cleveland, everyone was pissed off of them, you know, because it went into Miami. Yeah. Now we saw, you see, they have 150,000,000. Yeah. Four years. And now, like, Delacos, he'll make them a fortune. It's worth every penny because in LA, you know, those people will pay big bucks. They go see him every single game. There you go. Check, Nick, will son of be there in the front row. The funny thing is that if someone broke it down on Instagram, like, like, how many? He's like making like 163 bucks a second or something. I can't believe that. Every second he's on the court, it's 163 bucks. Crazy, right? Yeah. That's a good salary, you know. And that doesn't even include all like his Nike contracts and all that other stuff. He's making a good job. Well, that's what you told playing basketball. I love when they, I'd if you remember when LeBron came out of high school, he went right to the pros and everyone was like, big mistake. And this guy will burn out and he'll never make it. What, he was, was he driving a hum or a nice school? Who knows? I don't know. But he said, fuck, and I want to make money. I don't, I don't need to go to college. I don't want to go to college. I don't want to go to college. I want to make money. So, go to college to learn how to make money. So what does the people do? He could have gotten injured in college. Who the hell knows? I mean, we didn't have made a penny. So, he went right to the, well, he had that all important degree though. Well, he can, he could buy 40 degrees with, with how many he's got. But, so yeah, I mean, sometimes you got to take a risk in life. And he must have had people advising him. It said, fucking man, you could, you can play in the pros now. I mean, even if it takes you a couple years to really get into comments your own. That's why he's not, what is he like? And he's in his, he's in his late 30s now, so might that, anything. Oh, he probably hasn't, probably hasn't. Probably has another couple. You could years under his belt, I'm sure. Oh, he's a, at least four more. He's, he's, he's banking on that. So fourth place, Sergei Kuluk, Kuliav, Kuliav, would you think about him? You had mentioned him to me. And I thought he was all right. Yeah, I really thought it was a three-man show to be honest with you. But here's a guy who kind of comes out and I know where I like to mention new names. I mean, he was good, he was very hard. It's very hard. Maybe not under that Chicago lighting, he looked hard. But he was hard and dense and complete, big back and superstriated glutes. Good width. New guy, new face. So, I mean, it's, I do, to come from Russia, right? Yeah. And please top five, it, it's a pro, first pro show. It's a big accomplishment. What about Brad Ross, sneaking into that top five there? He won't go away. This guy, he just doesn't quit. Brad, Brad should get an award for least, he should get two awards. Consistency, of course, three awards effort. But consistency, and then he should get a special award for just never coming in. Out of shape. He's got the best legs on stage. There's no doubt about him. His conditioning is second to none. He's got a small waist, he's got a good back. He's got probably the smallest arms in the pro ranks that I've ever seen. Well, he's much, he, he just, he needs to muffin them up. Yeah, do something to him because this is. I mean, his right arm is literally, you know, the worst pro arm I've seen. And that's not insulting Brad, because I like him, he's a good guy. And like I said, he has the best legs on stage without doubt. But, I mean, let's face it, arms are really important in the pro's. Yeah, for sure. That's why they always, people jump in up. He, he was bad though, better he had them dead. Yeah, it's grossing was a superb. Much better, the best we've seen. Well, another. Fuller and harder than he's been in the last, they two years. Absolutely. Kevin Jordan sixth, just, what's your assessment of him? I mean, here's a guy who is, people we're saying, you know, but the next coming of Jesus Christ here in the bodybuilding world, it's just he never really has produced what we hoped. Good, very good condition. I think he needs like, maybe he just needs to do one of those, you know, blow it up, get fat and go to 300. He tried that already, which would, would Chad and it worked it well. Yeah, it worked. Yeah, it worked. Well, yeah, it was like 60 pad. You made fun of him fact that he had a me lose 60. Did I see, I have a terrible seat. It's my dementia kick and I did I say that. Yes, we talked to Chad Adam up to like 320. What did you say? Three ten. Yeah, I think that was that good. I was ten pounds off with Kevin Jordan. Three giant sets off with Sergio. He just needs more muscle. That's all there is. He's a big guy. He's a tall guy. I don't know. But, but he's didn't say he doesn't train hard by his own mission. This was a couple years ago that he might. Yeah, when you went to video, you don't have to. Well, Brad beat him. I think that's first time Brad's beat him this time. I think we should maybe Kevin Jordan, she got him. But, who ate? Yeah, he'd probably get him to 440. Yeah, he might need it. Maybe he needs to be sequestered over there with the camel crew. You never know. All right, let's talk about the two 12 division. Your boy Craig Richardson wins that. Finally, they give this guy a victory here in a qualification for the one. Yeah, he's not taking. He won't Chicago a couple years ago when Deloros are won. Yeah. I thought the stars were lining up because he won and Deloros won a couple of two or three years ago. And that's the year I helped Deloros. And when Craig won, Craig said, Sergio is going to win. And I said, don't jinx it. But anyhow, Craig did win and apparently, unbeknownst to me, he's definitely not to the Olympia. Why not? Why did he do all these shows? And then not to the Olympia after he qualifies. But he only did two shows. Right. I mean, I'm assuming he did the second show because he wanted a qualified for the Olympia. No, he just wanted to get the win. Oh, he was just looking for some money, basically. No, but there is no money. He just getting wanting to get the win, meaning I think to go out on top. Well, but why would if he's this is his last year? Is it his last year? Is that what you're saying? That's what Jose told me. Well, if it is, then the result finishes the Olympia, right? What's one more freaking shit? I got to call him up and talk to some sense. This is your last year. You do the Olympia. You finish the Olympia. Good day, Dave. You're good. You give good advice, Dave. You don't know. You know, I don't feel like I got to work. I got to work at school or something like that. That's what that's exactly. Dave, you nailed it. You nailed it. He's got work. You nailed it. You nailed it. He's got work commitments. He's got 20. He's got 40 kids and like four grandkids. He's got 30. What? He's got grandkids, birthday, to go to. I mean, we got to talk some sense. This is the last year. You tell him, you tell him that I said, if this is your last year, you've got, you is probably listening to the show. You got to do the Olympia your last time. Come on. Not case. I've helped him for shows where he's been second. And I'm like, well, there's a show in Charlotte next week. There's no way you'll lose any, like, well, you know, I got a commitment to the school and, you know, and to any other body, both of these last year. Yeah. But any other body, both, you'd be like, I just, you got a second in the pro show. And there's a show next week. I'm telling you, you can absolutely guarantee when. I'm getting married. Well, just reach casual. Okay, no problem. This is obviously a guy's assistant here with reschedule in the second. Well, so a lot of people would. Craig, Craig's one of these guys is very humble. Never really, you know. So he'd never really, we probably talked higher about him than he talks about himself, you know. Anyway. Yeah. So he would pull up the Caleb Blanchard second. Your ex, buddy, the Maradona third. Yep. Lloyd Dala fourth, the train by Jose, Adam Young fifth. So good lineup. And, uh, follow a foreigner who's in the lineup. What happened to him? Third place. Third team. Third team. Third team. Big, big. I mean, you got people like, uh, I told Farndsworth to stay in that men's classic physique vision, but he didn't want to do it. He wanted to go back to bodybuilding. He probably would have been top five here. Classic. Let's talk about classic. Wesley Visters. The next Arnold. I gotta tell you, I look at this guy's pictures. I see Arnold. I do. He's got the same, it's amazing. He's like a physique, not a facially physique, why he's like a clone of Arnold. Well, that's what they like. Of course it is. I said it in my rap, but I said a mid-roy was the most condition guy in stage. But Wesley Visters is Arnold. How do you be Arnold? You can't be Arnold. Well, and he's got, let's be break it down another way too. If classic is going to survive, and not more often to like a, you know, IGF competition, you have to weigh flow and structure. Or I would even put structure ahead of flow. Structions, low flow and structure. They will fuck it up if they overreward condition, even though I love condition. Everyone loves condition. They will screw it up if they give it to, you know, quasi bodybuilders. And the expense of structure and shape, you have to, you have to fight to keep structure, flow and shape as the headliners. It's like, okay, everything you need to know about what was incredible about female bodybuilding. All you need to do is think, lend a Murray, nipper, quarry, the person. Those two, you know, the way they, they, they, they were, they're flow, they're structure, they're lines. Even if they were a little loft, they were still easily able to be people who, you know, would quote challenge them. And I think that's what needs to be implemented and forced down people's throats no matter what. Unfortunately, people are going to do this. Purists will say like, oh, he's not hard enough. And oh, he's just lazy. He's just going on as God, given structure. Well, if it's going to be a God-giving class, then it's a God-giving class. Yes. You just, just need to, and that's no date. So it comes back to this, you know, amidst like a junior bodybuilder compared to, I mean, he's, he's muscular. He's more muscular and more condition than he was in New York. So he's a tall woman too. Yeah, more polished than he had in New York, much better than he was in New York. In fact, the New York, he could have, you know, fell in a couple spots lower. And he's, and he's the, the feel good story of the whole weekend because, I mean, I meant Roy, you know, came over from India. Does, you know the story, right? Yeah, another story. You've told him million times. Poor guy, you know, contact us just in, comes over from India. Can't even get, he wants to be a pro-bodybuilding and it's like the biggest joke of all time. Whatever, you're going to be a pro-bodybuilder. And can't even do the, can't even do the national's here. He moves, he leaves his family, moves to the US. Can't do national's, he can't do anything because he's, he's not a citizen here. Finally, marry someone, you know, he falls in love with this girl. Actually, he can, I thought a lover before he moved here, they get married, he becomes a citizen. Then they create classic physique. He, he wins in New York, American. You know, now the guy's competing is a pro. Probably the most successful Indian pro out there now. The guy is, you know, one step away from the Olympian now, might even be, make the Olympian be on point. So, this is the field good story of the weekend. But Wesley Vissers, you know, this is his first pro show. He makes a million amateur mistakes here. He's not dark enough. His tan wasn't good. Could have been a little drier. But his structure is so impressive that when I'm watching the videos, I'm just seeing Arnold standing up there with a bunch of little kids, you know, look, you can make it. You could make a case that Franco, Columbo, was way more complete as a bodybuilder in terms of balance in his physique, conditioning, density than Arnold. But he can never beat Arnold. And it wasn't because Arnold wasn't a mythical creature back then. He just had that stage presence that when you look at the two of the months age, all you see his Arnold, you don't even see Franco. And that's exactly how I, when I watched that first call, I didn't even see a mid up there. He's short. He's got a great physique alone on stage. But I didn't even see him. And all I saw was Wesley Vissers posing. And that's all my eyes went to. I didn't even notice anyone else on stage. Did you notice that? Yeah, I mean, yeah, I did notice it. You can't take your eyes off the guy. And that's called stage charisma. That's what Arnold had. And then that bamboosles and the judges. And that's what that's fun. I think that was, it impresses the judges. Let me say that better. Well, I don't know, just to clarify, I don't still had the best body. Right. But what I'm saying is if you broke down Arnold's versus Franco on paper, Franco would win. I think. I don't think Franco would win the front double. Give Arnold two poses. But I'm just, my point is that Franco really has a more complete physique. Because Arnold's legs were on great. You never saw Arnold hit a front lats bread or a side tricep. I mean, Franco killed him in those poses. But it didn't matter, though, because Arnold just had that Arnold presence on stage. Yeah. So I mean, that's what Wesley has. He has the same thing now. If he times himself up a little bit and puts, it comes in with better polish and correct some of these amateur mistakes that the Olympi, he's going to be good. You know, he's going to hang with these top five guys. I think. Yeah, no, I think you will. So get the program. God, to send up some programs. He's got to be working on his dad. Get him in the sun, right? I mean, he's like the widest pro competitor. You can. All right. No, he's right. He's like, from Amsterdam, you know, the hall and those guys are like, they've been on the same sun. Most of the, they got to definitely get a tanning better. Something. Give him some melanin to or something. Oh, yeah, yeah, you can give him some baby oil. But like red dye. Yeah, I had dyed like these. I did. I got a good guy. Yeah, wouldn't Bob love to work with him. Send him the Bob's house for like two weeks before the show. Oh, no, you'd say he'd make a mistake. So what happened? He's doing the open. Bob would love to crank out a muscle. Go on, right? Yeah, Bob, love to see a crap out of his face. Absolutely. The vacuum. The next car, oh, boy. Let's call him in the car. What a call. He'll call Ed Ed, Ed, or call her. Did you ever ask anyone who's posed with Bob Gruskin, how grueling posing sessions would be? Yeah, Doug went. He's the tell me all the time. Oh, it would be for some waterboarding. Yeah. You know, Bob would call Ed Conner's up. And he'd be like, hey, did you check this guy? Yeah, I was like, I'll send you a poll and write him tomorrow. You'll get it in a week. Ed, you can text me in picture. I mean, Bob, you can text me in picture. What's that? I don't even know how to text. Wesley would have Arnold, you know, he'd have him standing for an hour. Arnold's got a CS, Physician. If I were Arnold, I'd be super impressed. He'd all, he, it's all the Arnold poses. Exactly like Arnold does. But be great video to see Arnold showing, you know, teaching him some poses that would be, I'd love to see that. I'm sure he'd love to have Arnold teach him some poses to that would be crazy. So, we'll see. I think I guarantee Wesley does the Arnold classic next year. Oh yeah. God would be a full lot to do it just to get in for Arnold. Arnold loves the crown him, too. They dropped a two, 12 from the Arnold. They did? Yep. Wow. That's what I hear. I wonder why? Having had a confirmation, but I heard that from that's terrible. The cheapest that. See, the COS pose a Raymond. That sucks. You know, I can, Arnold classic is always about body bone. He certainly don't want to lose the men's division. Get rid of bikini. With the hell cares. Not that I don't like bikini. I work with a lot of bikini competitors, but I mean, the Arnold classic is body building. You know, if anything, you shouldn't get them or anything. Really, you should have all the divisions represented there. But that's terrible to get rid of the two, 12. That's the kind of like a real dis on the two, 12 division. Yeah. Maybe that's why Flex Lewis is leaving the two, 12. You heard that announcement, right? Yep. Well, I heard a rumor. What's the rumor you heard? That he was not doing the tutorial after this year. No, he's not. He may not sit on Instagram. I did all video on it. What's he going to do with the open? I think you will. I think you might take your off. Then do it. He doesn't want to suck down anymore. Because you know what? Here's the problem. He sucks down and then he doesn't look as best. Everyone's like, oh, he's a lot this year. But it's not really the result. He just can't make the freaking wait. So he's got to go down too low. Because Flex at 220 is awesome. Look at, you know? He looks like you see those offseason pictures of me. He's like, he's like, he's like, he's like, Doring the 8's at 5 foot, whatever. He's 5. Well, a lot of people are. Not even better at 20. Well, I believe we know Flex has done well in the open class before he's placed top 3. I mean, Jose did open guy to Saninus, done open. Why not Flex Lewis? He can win some small shows. I'm sure of it. He's got nothing to prove in the 12 anymore. He's only one. He'll win it seven times. Come to the Olympia time. I think it's a good move. But once he gets out of the, they'll probably shit can't let. Yes. I mean, if they are Donald, I hope not. I don't know why you Arnold will get rid of it. Well, that's not confirmed yet. So let's, let's get a confirmation because we got a confirmation. Well, I'm going to have to do a take at the bubble head doll of Donald makes Donald like anything. What do you think of that guy Kevin Johnson and third in the classic physique getting back to classic? He's good. Yeah, very good. What'd you think about? I like him. I think he's going to be a future, future good guy. Got to watch it out for him. This is just so many good guys in classic. So he's very deep. The thing is, everyone's got their own little, you know, unlike the open word, a lot of people tend to blend. You know, everyone's, it's like the olden days and bodybuilding people have different physique. They completely different. Yeah, that's what makes it exciting. I think really. I think about it. They have different heights. They have different heights. They have different heights. They have different heights. That's another thing. Right. And but everyone's got the same proportion because you can't weigh over a certain amount the other way. It's still make the way. Now in the men's physique division, Michael Bevin's wins that with sure quads, Shabbah second, the team Scott third, in figure, Julia wearing wins, bikini, Laura Lai, Shabbado Swins and just a note in the Apolloino. Just got off having a kid. She's back in the next few things already. She finished the second year. So the congratulations in India. Now what a what a turn around in physique. She was my wife and I were looking at her physique on Instagram because my wife obviously just had a kid. I know you. The different is that India go away. But his, I don't know how he's time to go to the gym with the new boy. Maybe but she looks like she didn't even have a kid, you know. So congratulations. That's a nice little comeback. That was a pretty quick tip. It's called good genetics. Fitness, Danielle, Chicales, wins. Should we go to the Olympia. Women's physique, Sarah Villagas, Belegas, wins there. She'll go to the Olympia. So big show in Chicago this past weekend. We also though had a lot of action over in Vancouver. Canada there. Big show, big weekend. I want to give a big shout out to all the winners there because that was a well. It was a long trip to go there and compete. And you know, my thing is how do you pick where do you go? You know, that's pretty crazy, right? I'm paired to what's your goal. You could have gone Chicago. A lot of people went to the Vancouver. I guess you can make it. It was a strategic move. I actually helped the guy who won the overall amateur there. Brandon Rieger or Reggie R. He wins that. It's his pro car. So congratulations to the Brandon. Yes. Let's talk about the open. Men's, you know, whenever you split a lineup, which is what they did basically. Some people want Chicago, some people want to Vancouver. You know, I, I don't know how to get to side, but there were a lot of Canadians obviously who did the Vancouver, which was a smart move on their part. Lucas Osseldell, let's talk about this guy. He wins the show. But Lucas Osseldell is the most underrated pro out there. This guy has a bunch of wins on the wrist belt. He's one of these guys like when people forget, you know, that anyone else is around and he kind of just shows up at his best. He's one, he's like an Andre as a loser. Muncher never had the best genetics, but he was the hardest guy out there. And when he nailed his conditioning, he was one of the most impressive guys on stage. That's what Lucas is like. He's not the best guy. He's not the biggest. He doesn't have the best structure, but when he comes in crazy, freaky hard, and the lineup is not loaded with crazy talent, he wins and selling skin. He's got soft hands. Yeah. But on a good, on a good day, when he's really good, he's really good. I guess anyone that can be said of anyone, when they're really good, they're really good. But when he's really good, when he's really on his day game, he's tremendously dangerous. He's got crazy Christmas tree, crazy, crazy quads. We'll take a look at him full packs. He's dangerous and can beat a lot of people you wouldn't expect to beat when he's at his best. Remember when he won that Arnold South Africa a couple years ago? Yeah. He was crazy and president too. But he beat a good lineup here. He beats Lexus Rallone, who, you know, he's, remember when he won the NPC. And he's going to win Puerto Rico. He's really good. And he beats Josh Wade, who's been, I don't even have a guy still going. He's, how many shows does this guy done already? It's amazing. I don't know, but he's been, you know, the last 14 months he's placed top four or five, and just wrote every show that he's done. And in Valieras, crazy impressive in this line of the four place. I think he was, I think he was, it's weird. I thought he was overlooked. I'm just going by pictures, but he's right. I just, I would have rewarded him probably on his width alone. I mean, granted, he have to be in condition which he was. Granted, you got to be full. I mean, big what he was. So if you're, you know, big and you fall, and you're in really good condition, which he met those great area, and you lied, you know, you think that helped a little bit. But the top five here, Chris, the top five, that's the top two. The top five here are better than the top five, and she got it. Yeah, yep. Better than the overall top five, but of course. Because we're now the Gary, who finishes 50s awesome too. Every one of these guys has tried to glue. This is like almost like a 12 show. The conditioning was unbelievable in this top five. Yeah, yeah, they make you drop another 15 pounds and you pull over the, the terrace. Because you're the drop in pounds, going to Canada. Exactly. There's a terra from water. I think what happens is these guys can't bring their drugs with them. They take off all the water from taking their drugs. Exactly. So I take this and I can't take that to Canada. Take this and I can't take that. What can I take? Well, nothing really. I haven't seen that many pictures from the show yet, but I've seen enough to say that I was a press with the top five quality. I mean, it was not an easy show to judge by any means. I didn't think. No, this is certainly judged as a conditioning show because Lucas definitely had the best conditioning and that that seems to have wanted for him. I mean, is that an accurate statement? Yeah, I mean, he's got the best condition plus he's, he's got true muscle density. You know, he's got a lot of, you know, I mean, it's one thing gap grade condition and have, you know, super separation, but it's a whole not just to have great condition and mature looking muscle that's really dense. And that's his calling card. Yeah. Sometimes he's a little off, you know, he'll fall and you know, pretty hard in the play things, but when he's on his sake and we could be a lot of people. This was a tough line up and I like I said, I'd like to see Ian Valier, hitting on the show maybe Tampa because I think you're right. He might have been a little overlooked here, which is weird because he's from Canada. I think this guy is very impressive. I've been impressed with him since I saw him turn pro at that Al Capoko Latin America, Amateur, Olympia there. And we've talked about him before. I posted, I was so impressed with someone sent me a picture of him in like a crab most muscular. I posted on my Instagram like last week it was people were like blown away by this. He's he's got a lot of freak fact to him. I think he's gonna be a guy who's gonna be a top six Olympian over the next five years. I really, I'm gonna say it right here. Oh, he's young still. He reminds me of cotton. I'm when cotton was first coming up and he was killed at that, what was it the Orlando show. And obviously he has some health issues now, but he's like reminded me of a of Compton coming up, and he's been doing it nice and slow and consistently. And I think he's gonna be a guy. You watch out for this guy and tell him you over the next year or two. He's gonna impress the hell out of a lot of people. Now, I grew with you because ever since you quote, discovered him in Mexico, you tell me that there's a Canadian who won the Mexico show. Which should make sense to me. Yes, somehow it was a Latin American show. Somehow Canada got involved, got invited to the Latin American Olympia. I went after the team Canada showed up. And they won, that's the funny thing, they won. Yeah, well, he's the fact that the matter is from the bodybuilding standpoint. Every year since that show, he's improved. Just a big statement. That's a big statement. Absolutely. And he's taken his time with it. He really didn't rush it. That's sometimes the best way to do it. Now in the 2012 division, a Chris Mamudel D'Rah, or as he goes by D'Rah, wins. I interviewed him about two weeks ago in my arcs muscle show. And this guy's got like the biggest following in the Middle East there. Matter of fact, he would, I don't even say it. But he, a bigger name than Big Romney in Egypt. He's got more followers, which is kind of funny. It seemed that he was in Canada. He's got a soft little line. He's a business man. He's a real businessman. I liked the guy a lot. I really do. I enjoyed, if you haven't seen the interview, go watch the interview with him. It was a great interview. I did. I didn't know that much about him. He's got a great story. And like I said, he's got more followers than anyone that was this guy. And he went on YouTube or Facebook. Well, over the place. So every social media media, you can think that he's got a crazy YouTube channel. YouTube channels outrageous. But he does a lot of, he does all of his videos narrowbick. Because he has a big Arab following. And you know what the funny thing was? When I made him, I didn't make him. He asked me. We, we, we, to confirm with each other because he's got a guy who does all his video. I said, what if he translate the video interview I do with you into Arabic? Put some titles. And he did that. And that's the way everyone can watch it. He got a lot of hits of things. So he found that he found the niche for himself. I tell people this all the time. You gotta find the niche for yourself. You know, if you are good at something, you can speak and you're bilingual. Why not? He found the great niche for himself. Got his own. So I'm wondering. Then I'll follow this one of his favorite words. Shanti town niche. Shanti town. Shanti town. Fony. I followed that of his fucking. My father, Lord. He's doing much better after his surgery. To get his other head prepared because I told you he fell down and he broke his femur in four places. But he's completely wacked. I don't know, I hope it's just the anesthesia that still hasn't worn off. So he's, he was, he was, he was talking about flying and that he has the ability to fly. He's put pushes hands together. I said, what do you, you look mean like the most muscular post? I did a most muscular post. Because yes, yeah, you put push my hands together. I fly. Then he's telling me about this, he's telling me this company. And I'm like, what the fuck is he talking about? Then I realized, after 20 minutes of him telling me about this company and where they're manufactured and what they're producing, the products they're producing, I'm like, what the fuck is he talking about? I realize he's reading the, the, the, the little, like meal replacement thing they gave him. He's reading the cart of it. And then he's talking about this gym and I don't know where he's getting this gym from. And then I realized he's reading my shirt. I was wearing a shirt from some flex gym that someone had sent me and he's reading all the words on it. Over and over repetitively. So here I am picking, he's got some kind of brilliant insight and he's just reading the, he's like just like like Rayne Man almost, can say over and over and over and he's doing this. Like he's giving the infvalued information. Look, valuable to him. Well then, then he said to me, he got me to start with something. Sal, Palombo signing off. Is it something from where he goes from the planet earth? So now I think of he's dying. He's trying to tell me he's dying. I'm like, and so I'm actually taking him seriously now but then he starts talking gibberish after that. I realize he's just completely whacked on something. And he's not even on that many payments. That's the funny thing. He does have a fentanyl patch on it but he doesn't, they actually reduce some of his oxygen content. So I don't know what's doing it. Sometimes you know, when people, the mentors patients get anesthesia, it makes them more demanded. So, not in all that. Yeah, that's why a lot of them don't, he was under for six hours, my father. People in this locker. Yeah, long time. Yeah. Yeah. Well, it makes sense. You get to mentor after you come out because, right, you're. Is that a case? Yeah, it's whack out and more. So, this happened in the last time to so hopefully he'll come out of it. But yeah, he's definitely not in his right mind. So, the raw wins and candidate here in the 2012, they'll go to the Olympia, congratulations. And men's, a classic, because they had classic because they got too. I don't even know who this is. Caledit, Chickawalu. I don't know if I've been ruining his name yet. Chickawalu, Chickawalu, I don't know who he is. Khalid, Chickaw from Quebec. He wins, I don't know him. Do you know him? Nope. I think he won the Canadian show a few weeks ago though. Oh, he did. Well, that's pretty much every year. He's having a year. He's going to the Olympia. That's the national. Yeah. Yeah. Peter Dillinda, D'Orlindo. Also from Canada, finished his second in David Patrick, who's been tearing up the scene. He's the finishes third here. Congratulations. A year boy, Henry P. R. Now, fourth place. Yeah. Yeah. We'll give him the award for a fastest trap, which means total offseason days zero. Oh, and I'm easy yet another bad offseason. Total offseason days zero. He just decided that. Think it's he documents that on his Instagram. I think eight weeks out. Like I haven't trained for 50 weeks. That takes Paul's to do that. It doesn't work. 40 weeks. And I'm going to do classic. So here I go. So that means he just has to, well, that's he did a 56 day prep. Wow. That tells you the genetics. After not training it on. Yeah. I was thinking that coming out of the grocery store today, I was thinking the genetics on him in that he did a 56 day prep, meaning what he probably had 14 days to try to put on some muscle. And then the rest of it, try to burn off that baby fat. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Israel, the Mingus wins men's physique for Mexico. Congratulations. I wonder if that's the first Mexican guy going to be in the Olympia. On the Olympia stage from in men's physique. I bet it is. Sheaian is olfigari for my ran. I guess the Iranians can go to Canada. They can't go to the US though. He finished that second. Third place long woo from China. Good physique. He's the first ex of the way. Fourth. And then to the place is Bolvian Shahem, from Canada. I'm sure I bought you this name. The pro-finist division our friend, Allison E. here wins. She'll be going back to the Olympia. Congratulations, Allison. Love her. And in figure, Bojana Vassajab, and another friend to the show. Finish his first national drug of the Olympia. Jennifer Dory wins in bikini. No, she doesn't. Sorry. It's actually called Wasser. On the comeback trail, it's our second big win. Obviously, she's a former Olympia champ. She won in Colorado and actually wins here. I think the comeback is complete. We'll see you on the Olympia stage. We'll see her gain the title. We'll find out. Women's physique. I was just saying to you before the show started. I don't know anyone in women's physique anymore. It's weird. How many new competitors? Alyssa Copelino from Canada wins. Congratulations. And she'll go to the Olympia. So big show in Canada this past weekend. Congratulations all the winners and everyone go to the Olympia. Except for the only person who qualified this week to go to the Olympia. And who won't be going is Craig Richardson. How stupid is that to? How stupid is Craig? He's retiring this year and he's not going to the Olympia. Well, the flip side is someone who may say in five years how brilliant this Craig, he went out on top. That's true. What do you mean? He's the last pro show that he did. He qualified for the Olympia. The problem is no one will ever remember that. Because it's not a real exciting statistician. Johnny Jackson's final statistic was great. He won that Arnold. What was it? The Arnold South Africa. He's going with that. And then he did do the Olympia. At least he got the Olympian. Make a speech on stage. I'm sure Craig goes to the Olympia. They'll let him get up there and say thank you to my fans. You have to compete for 600 years. And I want to just thank everyone for all the support. And you get to say in front of the Olympia crowd. You think that that's something prestigious? No comment. No comment. I'm just trying to pick up the. I had on the other comment. OK. How's that? That is the comment. Yeah. You know, we, remember we talked about a couple of weeks ago about the Jeff King. Yes. I'm trying to figure out why you didn't get the pro. Why didn't get the pro card. John Hansen is a true like crazy fan of bodybuilding because he broke it down for you. And I said, you got to read that. I don't think I was to present to you. Oh, that was John Hansen wrote there, right? Yeah. Of course. Only John would know that stuff. That T clarified. What did I just say it? Yeah. I'll read the explanation. Go ahead. It was perfect. In 1982, the NPC started and they and the AAU were running separate organizations. That was in 82. In 82, the NPC ran the same national shows they have now. The junior USA, junior nationals USA and nationals. Haney won the first junior nationals beating my quim. Dale Rupelund, Rupelundger won the 82 USA and fill out law on the junior USA. In 83, Jeff King won the AAU, Mr. America and Bob Paris won the nationals. The only way to get a pro-card in the early 80s was to win your way class at the nationals and then win your class at the IPEB, Mr. Universal, so known as a World Outer Championship. So it wasn't enough just to win the nationals. You had to go to the Win the World Championships. Thanks Bob. Think about that. How hard that. Right? To do with both of those. In 83, or Ernie Santiago won the NPC USA, filled Williams won the USA in 84. David Hawke won the USA in 85 and JJ Marsh won the USA in 86. Dave Hawke got his pro-card in 85 but it wasn't from winning the USA. It was because he won this class at the IPEB World Games that year in England. The World Games were held as an adjunct to the Olympia Games and it featured spots that were not official Olympic Games sports but were vying for that position. That's when Ben Weed, I thought he was going to get the Olympics. Yeah, the World Games were held every four years, usually two years after the official Olympics. The World Games that year, Sean Jenkins, from the USA won the middleweight class he got a pro-card. I remember all these guys, including Sean Jenkins. Dave Hawke won the light heavyweight class in the last year. And Matt Mendenhall, the heavyweight class winner of the 85 USA lost the heavyweight class of the World Games to bury the mag. How he knows all this stuff I don't know. Also notable in that contest was Doring Yace who took seventh in his first international contest that I did not know. Did you? I mean John Hanson is he not so what? Did you know that? Did you know that? I did not know that. But Doring? Yeah, I did know that he was. I thought Doring never lost a show but I guess. Well, there's a story behind it. I think people in England pushed him into it. Oh, that's right. He did tell me that. You're right. I think you said that on the interview. He hated it right? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. He hated it. Yeah. Yeah. He hated it. There's more. John Hansen, more. In 87, the NPC decided to award another pro-card to the guy who won the overall at the USA. So it wasn't until 87 that they gave a pro-card to USA and that was my quinn. I said that year and he turned pro. JJ Marsh petitioned the NPC and I FBB to receive his pro-card as well because he won the USA in 86 and never got a pro-card. Well David Hawke, 85 NPC USA winner and Mike Quinn 87 USA winner got it. So the NPC actually gave JJ Marsh his pro-card retroactively. How was that? How was that for a fucking explanation of what went on guys? How does he remember this? I can't remember what I ate for lunch today. If you asked me, what would you go eat today? I couldn't remember and tell you. Well you weren't a golden girl. I did, you're right. How did you know that? Well because that's the only place you know. I really had only an ad on him or I did to actually a rarity but I did go to Golden Girl. My friend called Hansen moved down to Florida. He's going to be working for us at species and we went out with him. My mother and my mom and my mom and their two kids. My son, my son was a complete nutcase because he didn't take a nap today. Oh yeah. He was a great person. He was freaking mine and then he was eat shoveling food into his mouth and my wife, I thought he was full already. My wife came back with some dessert from the dessert bar there and he was digging into the ice cream and a carrot cake and all of a sudden I saw the look on his face. My wife spotted first and she's like, get the napkins and it was like mouth to sousvience coming out of his mouth. That way through everything up. Yeah. He felt better. Well because he's so tired he doesn't know where to smell. No he was acting like a cookup bird. He was going crazy and as soon as he threw up he was fine. He was like something. He was like he took a, so he took an oxycontin after that. Yeah they need the nap. App he absolutely. Oh they're wild. They're wild. Yeah they act irrational. It's so weird. Yeah. It's so weird. I feel the same way sometimes. I feel irrational if I don't take an app. I know. But you know what? I don't have the time. No. I drank. We went to the, I had a flat tire in my van minivanthabe. We were at the dealership getting a change and I was drinking. I drank so many decaf coffees that I actually got caffeine buzz from it. Yeah because it's like what? 3% caffeine. Yeah I was drinking like expressive. It's a very deep caffic process. Like 40 of them. I'm like, wow caffeine does feel really good. Maybe I should start using it. I'm afraid it looks like I got in the rhythm. I don't want to, you know, I'm afraid. I don't know. I'm sure I won't, but you know what I mean? I'm an extremely subtle and I'm so I get that little caffeine buzz today. I felt great. I think I'm actually still feeling right now. 2012 hours later. Yeah. What's it, it's a few, you like me and you drink coffee all the time. Then at night time I put you to sleep. I learned that from off-gross and it didn't drink a coffee and go to bed. Me too. I, I was drinking so much coffee when I would, I, no I was drinking regular coffee back when I would compete. So I didn't got me through the day. I would drink, it's a trip quadruple expressos from Starbucks. I'd ice him put equal in there and it's splendid. Whatever it was back in the day. You're making your own. Bob Graschner was getting put in the sweet and low in there, but I couldn't handle the sweet and low. No, he put sweet and low in and, uh, splendor mix them. Right, right. So that's the deal. Look, it was a good weekend in body building. We'll believe it at that. We'll keep it to a contest prep like kind of or conscious. They're contest recap. Heavy muscle radio. Next week we'll be back to our usual stick, complaining about bed bug employees and the like, you got to get some apartments down here, Chris, on the west coast, a Florida downtown. Oh, yes, you're missing. Down the line. I'm missing your missing the boat here. I know. But, uh, what do you, here's, do you think Cape Corals can have more people less people in 20 years? Way more. This is the number one growing city. So there you go. So real estate is going to be more real estate. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. You got to buy it now. I need you to come down. Yeah, I'll buy some real estate with you. But I need your wisdom. Well, buy the main house. I'm afraid to do it myself to be honest. I want I need some Chris Ascito, uh, because you'll investigate. You'll do some, you know, diligent, two diligent, six to eight. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Because I work due to, to, uh, I don't think they'd be. Oh, I do. I do. I do. I talk to Don, I believe the show on this one. I talked to Don Long, Don, Mox texting because, John and I kind of, did we did a little, uh, I arranged, and in the I arranged, we mentioned Don Long, and, you know, Don Long was this, had gotten arrested about a year over a year ago, and he finally got sentenced to a year and a half in prison, uh, and to, I think you got a $250,000 fine. You know, the fine is not so bad, because you can always pay money off. You can never get your life back, you know, time in jail, uh, you know, you like, but it seemed extreme to me, but I don't know. I didn't know what he really did, and so I, we were speculating, you know, Ramana, but said, well, if he stashed away a couple million bucks, you know, then, you know, a year and a half in jail is not really that bad, I guess, you know. So, Don, Tom texted me, I guess after you heard he's like, I have no money. I made no money on selling the drugs. I was just sending, I was sending people to this guy, you know, my clients to go, go talk to this guy, because he wasn't used like, I wasn't selling drugs because I was making money money, you've caught this guy, but, you know, if you're involved in sending people to someone like a drug dealer, you're involved in the conspiracy in a sense. And I guess they felt that Dom was a big name, and they wanted to, and they wanted to headline and, uh, unfortunately, at his expense, it, whatever he is, 51 years old, and he just has a newborn kid like I do, uh, it's going to be very inconvenient, obviously, to go to prison. The, the, the irony of the whole thing is, why would you give someone a $250,000 fine if you sending him to jail? How the hell they're going to pay off the fine if they can't work? You know, you just want to get out. Well, you know, what they should do is they should either find you really, they should have find him a million bucks and, and gave him house arrest so he could at least work, let him pay the money off, or they should have given him no fine and gave him, you know, given the, the jail time, it's, it's one of the other, really. I mean, it's kind of stupid to get, it wasn't like the guy was, it was, had money laundering, the guy paste taxes, and he has, you know, he's, he's an upstanding member of the society, now he's not a criminal, but, you know, they, they, they look, when they see a body builder with a big name, they see a headline, they figure, you know what, we'll use him, we'll send a message to everyone else out there that crime doesn't pay. And I ain't a stand-looking, you do the, if you're involved in doing this stuff, you know, I got caught, you know, you got to do the time that's all there is to it. Don's not a rat, he doesn't want to, he didn't want to rat anyone out. And so he's going to have to do this time. It's going to be tough, obviously, but, you know, look at through his wife was involved, too, because she, I guess, I don't know, because she does the contest prep with him. She might have get luckily, she gave her house arrest for a year. She's very lucky. Yeah, and she, she's got like four years probation from that. So it's, it's a pain in the ass, you know, it's a felony on your record, you know, luckily for them, they have their own business. But, you know, Dynas and officially got all the paperwork done. So when he does, we'll get him on the show and we'll do an interview with him, because I know he wants to tell people what happened, because that's always what happened. And you know, before you get sent, you can't talk about it, because until they finally gave you the sentencing, you don't want to screw anything up. And so that's why I know you haven't talked about it since he rest. And he told me, when it first happened, because Dave, I'm going to tell you the whole story when it's some one at the time. And, you know, he pretty much came to the story, but we'll get him on the show and we'll get the whole thing out there. So, you know, best of luck to Dynas. Also, I want to send that out. I don't know if you heard. I don't remember if I told you not. But I want to say that I can do all this. I have to be women's physique pro-tracy has died. She was a good friend of mine. I did a contest prep a couple times. She was driving with her husband Steve Webster. He was driving the car behind him. And obviously, they came through a stoplight and the car kind of kept rolling and hit a pole or something like that. He got out. She was like having a seizure or something like that. He punched his hand through the windshield through the side window. Got her, trying to get her out of the car. She fell forward and then the step on the accelerator and the car rolled another 50 hundred feet into a tree. The paramedics came, they revived her, but she had, I think she had brain swelling. No, I don't think this is official cause of death yet. It's the terrible thing. She had kids, she was in her early 50s and it's just one of these tragic, you know, passing that you don't know. You can't even explain. I don't know. She was a great person. I saw the picture on your Instagram account. Okay. Yeah, she's, they were in my studio. Ironically enough, if you look in the picture there, you'll see Steve or husband her and it was me and then there was my friend Cole. He, Cole is in the back. He was the young, the young kid there. It's pretty funny. It was a while ago. It makes me sad. I saw the picture in the wreck. I actually sent me the picture. I was going to post the same picture anyway, but it's a shock. Yeah, it was terrible when you hear something like that happened. And she was propping, I think, for her last show, another one, it was going to retire. No, the Craig Richardson. Maybe Craig figures, you know what, why should I press by a bucket at this point? You know, I'll go out on top like you said, I don't need to. No, the first ever, it's a good feeling to be able to look back and say, what do you remember? Yeah. What's show did you do? And two, about the 2016 or 2018 or 2000, whatever. And you say, whatever, you reply, which show you did and I got the win. Yeah, I finished on, I finished with a win on my belt. I made 20 bucks. What did he make for the show? Did he get prize-good prize for any of them? I don't even know. I never even asked, but I can imagine more than two grand. Which is, we did. I don't know three grand. I think that's the minimum. That's good for Craig. That'll buy him a couple of dinners, dinners, I don't know if it'll cover. What do you chart by? Do you have to tell me, charting? Did it cover your fee at least? What's that? Craig's prize money. It wouldn't cover it. It's still lost money. It's in body buildings, it's just funny sport. It's such a freaking money loss. You know, it's really hobby. I just tried to define what a hobby is for my 14-year-old today. That was the homeschool experiment. To define the difference between a business and a hobby. A hobby is something that you spend money on, because you enjoy it. That's what body building is. Because if you try to figure out as a business in your, it's the most failed business you could possibly help to. It's like more than a restaurant. Yeah. Yeah. A restaurant's way more profitable than body building is. Yeah, but it's also, you know, like one of the easiest to fail at. Yeah, if you don't know what you're doing, sure. Absolutely. That's why the selfie restaurants at St. Business, right? The length of time. Exactly. All right. That's enough. Chris, you know that we've really gotten old. Saturday night, Chris and I hang out together doing a radio show. Oh, I'm wondering if that's. They are. I heard my wife, my wife, I'll say, really early tonight. She was really tired. It's been a long week for her. And I heard her just, I think she went out to get a bottle to the baby or something like that. I'm like, I'm like, I'm semi-wisping. I don't know why I am. But I, I, for some reason when we do this shows really late at night, I'm not as loud as I normally am during the day. So when people listen to this. When they go into the day, you're shot by the end of the day. Sure. You're right. But you know what? What I do is when I put my son to sleep now, which is usually we try to get him in bed early, but it's never before 9.30. I fall asleep when I'm laying, I lay in the bed in the room and he's in his bed and all fall asleep. Because I have to wait till, if he doesn't fall asleep, I can't leave the room. Because then he starts going, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, we watch him on the monitor. I fall asleep for like a half hour. So it rejuvenates me. Now I know what my dad used to do. Growing up, my dad used to take a nap after dinner so that he can write, do it because he's a writer. He would write all night. Like before, in the morning, go to sleep, he'd get up in 6.30 in the morning and for go teach. I've become my dad again. We always say when you become a, I'm on the same schedule, so it's unbelievable. Not really. I thought I would never do it. I'm like, I'm going to sleep. I'm going to sleep. You're, you're a doctor. You're a doctor. You're a doctor. You can't, you can't fight your genetics. That's the tolder. It was to it. All right. Press enjoy the rest of your weekend and guys, congratulations to all the big winners this past weekend. And we're getting close. We're going to be 10 weeks, 9, 10 weeks after the Olympic now. I don't even know. I hope them were the 9. I think we're about 9 weeks out. So we're at least 10 weeks out the most. No, it's going to heat up. Tampa is going to be next big one. I guess coming up on the schedule. Yeah, a month or weeks. I'm looking right now. Hold on. What's next week? I think there was another show this week. Because it's too late. Too bad. You're right. You get it. I have all these snakes hatching. I have snake eggs. You know, they take 60 days to hatch. So every week, every day I go down to my snake room, I got new eggs hatching, which is that's my excitement. I tried to distract myself from all the work I have to do. I go on snake eggs. I get pigeon eggs hatching on my room. Did you know Flex Lewis used to breed birds, speaking of pigeon eggs? He bred fentches, parrachetes. He told me this. professionally. Or professionally. He said he made more money. He was making more money. Listen to this. When he was 17, then he got from his disparity contract per month. Why do you give it up? I don't know. He didn't tell me that. Because he wanted to be a bodybuilder. Once again, the worst investment of anything you could possibly do. He gave up his profession of professional bird breeding to be a bodybuilder and spend all his money. Luckily, if I haven't worked out. Right? Great. You got to come up with the top five birds to be enjoys. You know, I can't wait to be on the interview this guy won. They got forbiddies. The stupid exclusive contracts that don't even count for anything. No one don't even count to views the guy. He's got so much to say. What the hell say so much and he can't even do it on the air? Oh, speaking of speaking of flex Lewis as predicted last week on this TV show. Right. Radio show. I said that Teddy Chopper would not be doing the vink over. Now why didn't Heidi shoot me do this? I thought he wouldn't do it. Why didn't he do it? Right. He could do. He can go to Canada. There's another irony in the lineup. Yeah, I know. That meant specific guy who took second. Shane. Yeah, that was my prediction that he would not be doing the show. You're right. So what show is he going to do then? I don't know. You know he can't do it. Limpia. I'm going to give the visa. Which by the way, I think is the stupidest fucking rule of all time. I think the stupid Trump made some stupid rules, but there should be exceptions for professional athletes for actors. For people who are well-known, who have no variety, they should make exceptions to the rule. It's one thing if you want to keep the terrorists out. Why you keep in the professional athletes out? It's ridiculous. I'm probably going to talk about it. I'll be called an acido sympathizing after that. That's funny. And it has nothing to do. I don't think that Donald Trump's doing a bad job. I just think that it's a stupid policy to have for... You can't just across the board by a damn people from coming into the country, stupid. Not going to solve any problems. You're not solving terrorism by keeping Heidi Schupen out of the country. No, Heidi is so Heidi is out and he missed the Vancouver show. That means he's out at the Limpia. Well, he wants to be able to do Limpia anyway. So why do Vancouver? Why do Vancouver? Because Vancouver is supposed to be like a done deal for him. Yeah. You should have done that. Could they... Maybe they can go to Canada and then they can sneak him into the US. Possibly. Maybe he's driving by my house. I can see Canada. Drop them off of Mexico. They can get them from one of those tunnels over there. They got right? The drug tunnels. Both of the woods. It's the longer you get enough tick bites, stuff protection on you. All crystals, send you some bug bad bug bad bug medication or whatever. Bad bug spray. They kill everything, right? If you can kill a bad bug, you can kill any other bugs. That's what I always said. Totally. Yeah, well that's 100% right now. I see, Jeanade Colowala from India. He's the first men's physique pro from India. He was in Vancouver, men's physique pro too. Took 10 points. Congratulations. Jeanade did his dive for a little while. That's all she wrote, Chris. Until next week, remember, with heavy muscle radio, the truth hurts. Good night, everyone.