Welcome back to Musselin the Morning on Day of the Love. But when today is Wednesday, August 1st, 2018. And let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Well, ladies and gentlemen, I guess since we don't have any recaps on deck in the Pro Division for this Wednesday, the next best thing is to look ahead to the weekend's action at the Tampa Pro where the rumors have been confirmed that we will indeed be seeing Sergio Leavad Jr. bring his talents down here to the Sunshine State. Last week, we began to hear these rumors start to circulate that the second year star in the making was thinking about jumping into Tim Gardner's big event this weekend where you know he'll be coming in as a clear fan favorite. Love and were hate him, this guy is one of the most electric personalities in bodybuilding right now. And from here on out, it's time that the rumors are put to rest. Sergio Leavad Jr. will be on that stage and people will start paying close attention once the pre-judging gets started. Moving on to the 212 Division where all eyes this weekend are set to be on super sophomore Nicholas Voliad as he set to make his second appearance of the season. Voliad is coming off on monster performance at the Portugal Pro a few weeks ago where he went toe to toe with one of the scariest guys in the division in a hot-e-shoot and before he eventually ended up settling for a close second place finish. The Nick Voliad we saw in Portugal was bigger fuller, leaner and more complete and pretty much blew away the lucky brought through the Charlotte Europa Pro at last year's rookie debut. So if the performance in Portugal was any indicator of what might be coming down the pike, well I can say is good luck to whoever the poor souls are who end up standing next to him up there and that first call out. But less than two months ago now before the Olympia, this Tampa Pro is like Prime Real Estate for some of the guys in the men's physique division who are still looking to steal a later Olympia qualification. Before they do that, they'll have to get through Jeff Gabriel. The veteran Pro has been a quiet terrorist so far this season, racking up four straight top eight finishes to go along with the convincing wind back in March at the Atlantic Coast Pro. As far as conditioning goes he figures to do one of the top guys in this weekend's lineup. So as long as he doesn't try to do anything crazy over the next few days to hit his peak, he's so when they can be a real contender for the win before it's all set and done. Over on the women's physique side, the lineup looks to be a deep one from top to bottom, but one athlete we're eyeing to put our stamp on things in the top five is fifth year standout Diana Schnee. So far it's been a roller coaster season for the Schnee camp, but right now all systems to be a go. As they prepare to head into their fifth contest of the year. For Schnee, this Tampa Pro stage has been like a home away from home over the last four years and if you look at her record, she's got four straight top ten finishes to prove it. And some of these women physique competitions, it feels like the whole field is so close that it could almost go literally anyway. And so long as she's up for a good fight, she stands as good a chance as anyone to separate herself from the pack by the end of the evening finals. And finally, if you were sitting around saying to yourself, damn, I wish something exciting would have finally happened in the figurative vision. Now it would be to time to sit down and buckle up because things are about to get crazy. The official competitors list with this weekend show was released on Monday and it looks like we're going to have a whopping 45 girls making their way down to Tampa this weekend. Now granted, this is the last chance at an Olympia qualification for the 2018 season, but even still 45 competitors serious that you might be the biggest figure lineup that we've seen all season long. And when you look at this list, it's a whose who have topped talent in the division mixed in with the time of veterans and rising young stars looking to make ahead line. So depending on how this thing ends up shaking out, we could have a pretty interesting narrative heading into the home stretch of this Olympia run. That does it to yet another edition of muscle in the morning. On day polumbo, reminding you to always be sure to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.