I'm going to launch the tasty pastry for the low-car hot tart. It's got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to Legendary Foods, muscle in the morning. Today, Pellumbo and today is Monday, July 26th, 2021. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Welcome back, ladies and gentlemen. If you woke up this morning feeling like you need a boost to get you through your Monday, you're in good hands. Because your wrist and eye eyes got you covered. Over the weekend, your wrist and a reminder everyone why she came into the year as one of the pro-givative favorites to win the first wellness Olympia title after she released an update on her status 11 weeks out from the big dance, even with some of the other names in this division that have quarter attention this year. As far as sheer star power is concerned, your wrist and eye might be in a class all by herself. And if she can seal the deal 11 weeks from now, it'll cement her status as one of the biggest names in the industry. Here's a fun fact, few. Did you know that every coastal area on Earth experiences two high-tides per day? Since Florida is, well, a coastal state. It explains why Brandon Hendrickson has had so much success bringing big waves to the Olympia stage year. According to Brandon's team, today marks the official start of his prep for this year's Olympia. As the two-time champ looks to successfully defend his title for the first time during his championship run. For the most part, this sense you get from Brandon's camp about where he is heading into this prep has been nothing but positive, which is exactly what you'd expect from the defending champion. And whenever Brandon's been able to get to that place, the tide usually tends to flow in his direction. You remember when you were growing up and your parents told you that you could be any video on who, as long as you put your mind to it, and worked hard. Well, I hate to be the barrow of bad news because they lied. Yes, they did. Because for 99% of the people on the planet, all the hard work in the world still won't be enough to get you to the same level at Regan Grimes. A few days ago, Regan released a chess training clip where we saw him manhandling a pair of 150 pound dumbbells for reps, which was his way of saying that his Olympia prep is firing on all cylinders. There were points in the season last year when it looked like Regan was ready to jump up a level or two, which would put his name squarely in the middle of that group all vying for a spot the top 10. So they can dot those eyes and cross those T's between now and October. This could end up being his moment to finally break through. What a good thing don't come to those who wait. But they do come to those who wait to strike at the right moment. Because that's the case. Surged you all leave a junior's decision to wait for the art of light and the proving to be pretty wise in the end. Since he made the official announcement a few weeks ago, all of a sudden, it's like someone flipped the switch. The Sergio we're seeing in the gym now feels like he's pouring everything he has into every set. And that's the Sergio that is fans of him waiting to see all year long. I don't know why it is, but when Sergio's in his zone, he has that it factor, like very few other athletes in bodybuilding do. And if this is the Sergio we end up seeing Columbus, I don't think it would surprise anyone, the ends up placing in the top three. And that does it the end of another edition of Muscle in the Morning on day a month of reminding you to always be true to your passions. If you should have followed us on Facebook.