All right, this is John Hansen with Chris the Technician, the Ceto at the 2018 Tampa Pro Show. Chris, really good show today. Great show, great lineup everywhere. Congratulations first off to Tim Gardner for putting on such a great show. You know, I've been coming to the show for years. Like you have, you're from Tampa. Well, you're a transplant from Chicago. And every year, it seems like Tim and his crew up the ante in terms of location. You know, you write on the water here with the boats. It's the first class hotel. Organization skills are like a plus huge show and yet they run it, you know, right smack on time. So without Tim Gardner, the promoter, we couldn't do a rap up because we'd have no show. So thanks Tim. And they said a record. This was two hundred and ninety pros competing this week. And that's the most and any IFPB show ever. Yeah, it's amazing. You know, what? The men's classic physique, the men's physique. You know, all these new classes, stuff, come around in the last five years. The amount of people that they've pulled, but not only people of quality people, I mean, the depth that you're seeing in these shows in 2018 versus 2015 is like night and day. People who could win in 15 or 14, we get slaughtered, you know, just a few years later. So it's a testament to, you know, the quality of the competitors that are coming in year after year. And there's more and more pros now. So we got bigger and bigger divisions and bigger more classes. And I think Tim is the only contest where he has every division. His fitness, he has women's bodybuilding, has everything. Yeah, I mean, it's, it's, you know, Tim is a type of guy who supports the sport. So, you know, he doesn't have to have every class. Yeah. But, you know, he's got a passion for the sport. And he's a businessman. So, you know, the business part could be like, I'm just doing these. Yeah. But he decides to take care of everyone and have a, you know, great outing for everyone. Well, let's start off with classic physique. They had about 40 competitors. So it was a huge huge division. And your guy, Henry Pierre, you know, you know, displaying an amazing physique really, really tall, very wide and extremely small ways. He wins the division. Pretty handily. I thought, yeah, I think like, and you know, Henry is somebody, like one of these guys was like a template for classic, you know, I posted a picture, you know, kidding me. And on, like, somewhere on the internet, and I said, I took this picture in 1983 because it's like a physique that you would expect. Yeah. Then, you know, he's got sweeping lats, tiny waist, deeply separated quads with a, you know, a decent sweep, but not the crazy sweep that you'd see it, like obviously people in the open. So great skin texture, broad looks good in all the poses. I mean, it was his show, you know, I thought he was like the, you know, hands down winner. Yeah. Just because he typifies, I think, what people expect or what they envision when they say, you know, classic. He's truly got classic lines. What do you, well, you're, you know, you're over 40, 30. So what would you think? You've been around the sport? When you showed me his pictures yesterday, I was trying to think of the last guy I saw a little waist that small and the only one I can think of was Brian Buchanan. So that's it. Brian has a different type of a physique thicker, I think, upper body, but Henry looked great, bigger, much bigger and person than he did in your pictures. He's got that tiny waist, but he's a big man. He's like, really tall and he really dominated the division. I thought, and his legs, like you said, I agree. They had that crazy separation. They weren't super big, but really perfect for classic physique. Yeah, no, I agree. And, you know, he's off to, to the Olympian six weeks. So second place was Keon Pearson. Keon Pearson is a young guy, a short guy, that stacks up well against anyone in the classic division because he's got round muscle belly. I'm sure he's heard that to the infigree. He's got, you know, a vacuum which is, doesn't define you as being classic. Just because you can do a vacuum doesn't mean you're got a classic lines. But he's got nice lines, nice shape. I think here, you know, he ran up against someone much taller, which is an advantage. And in better condition too as well. But I thought he looked great. He could have been a touch sharper maybe that's nitpicking. But he's someone I think he might be qualified for the Olympian. If he's not, he's somebody in the future who will be in the mix for a good slot. I remember seeing him actually, I think it was at the Olympian this past year. Some one of the pro shows, I was hugely impressed because he looks good really from every angle. And this part of, you know, this part of bodybuilding to look good from every angle. But I think in classic too, you really have to look, you know, like you have flow from every angle. He's got a very thick physique, real good legs. And he does have that vacuum. Like you said, he was showing that off a lot. Yeah, so if he's not qualified for the Olympia, you know, I'm sure he'll get the as soon. And if he is, which I actually think he is, you know, anything can happen at that show because what's interesting about classic is everyone looks a little bit different. You know, you got like a Henry who's tall and he's short, you know, bumpsets tall. Yeah. You've got the bull guy who's, you know, brutally muscular for that class. You know, so Reagan Grimes, a Roshra bot. Everyone has totally different, you know, Brianna, the winner. Yeah. You know, I mean, everyone has totally different lines and things that are unique to them. So it's, it's kind of sort of a little bit hard to judge because people are so different looking. Yeah. Speaking to that, how do you think Henry would stack up against some of the taller guys in classic like Chris Bumstedt and also the new guy, Wesley Vissers? I think you'll see, you know, I think he's going to do well because I think it's, you know, height works to an advantage. I think at that show, I thought, like Chris Bumstedt, Lesha, you know, the height and the width, but the height was like really, you know, made a mark in terms of your eye going towards, you know, at least the initial life. Of course, you know, he's in condition. He's complete and everything else. He used to be a bodybuilder. Those are important, but I think height matters. And, you know, and by definition, if you have like key on in the middle, next to Bumstedt, tall, Henry tall, you know, he, he's either the winner, which is not or he looks like something's a little bit off, you know. You're going to get pushed to a push side, I think. Yeah, I agree. And third place goes to Jason Low, who is a client of yours and he's a Florida guy, so I've seen him before I've done some videos with him. A real thick physique kind of reminds me, and you know, I don't know if you agree with this, but his physique always sort of reminded me of Franko Centauriello. Yeah, that kind of thickness, they were around, yeah, the relegated round, muscle bellies, but this time he was in the best condition of ever seen him. Yeah, he was in tremendous condition, you know, he's been holding that condition, he did the Arnold and he's been pounding the shows after shows trying to win a show to get to the Olympia. Yeah. And I've been telling him since like day one is, you know, you're going to find a show where you can win. This was one of them. Yeah. But he's, there's been shows that he did not do, I mean, you can't do every show. Yeah. But there's been shows where he didn't do, for example, he's very capable of winning, like minus, you know, so, you know, here in a crazy stack line up, he came in at his best, you know, has been dieting forever, ends up in third place. And I mean, there's nothing to be, you know, hold your head low, you know, on a third place finish in a class like this. And I think that as Jose Raymond says, I love to call you Jose, you know, this class has made few in terms of, you know, he lacks weaknesses, he lacks weaknesses, and he's got brings very strong to tremendous condition. So, by definition, just those attributes lacking weaknesses and having great condition, you're going to always be in the hardcore mix of three to five, and then you're going to pick a show where you're going to win. Yeah. I think he was overjoyed to play a certain. And his posing was better also. Yeah. I thought his posing was improved over what I've seen in the past. Yeah. You know, you know, he's new, like a lot of guys, but new to the stage. So, you know, the more time you get on stage, the more relaxed you are. Yeah. Okay, fourth place we had Damian Patrick. What can you say about him, Chris? Damian Patrick was, uh, had classic lines, classic shape, and was very hard and muscular. I think that the three people ahead of him had better, quote, classic lines, a better V tape or, and that negated his great condition to, like you couldn't put him higher than fourth place in that lineup. Yeah. And since he had classic, you know, flow and lines and shape like that, you know, so it automatically put him in like the mix atop six, and his condition was would have typically pushed him higher, but, you know, you have three guys with more classic lines before him. Yeah. And, uh, and I think that's what just kept him in the fourth side. And then fifth was Cleveland Thomas, a name from the past. I remember him. I think he was competing in the team universe for many years. So, uh, he takes the top top five. Yeah. Cleveland looked very good. And I thought he looked like a bodybuilder. And it's hard to explain, you know, someone asked me what is classic. I said, I know it when I see it. And I think he, you know, he's a classic bodybuild. You know, he has classic lines, but there's still like like a little power edge to his physique. Yeah. You know, which, you know, you could never say Henry has a powerful physique. You could never say Keona has a powerful physique. You, you, you, you sit on the word physique more than powerful. And I think that's what happens in, you know, his cases, although he looked good and just, you know, deserve to be up there where he plays, you know, he has like a power element to him that, you know, I think like it, from, if I was judging, I would say, okay, you know, he's not going to place higher than here. Yeah. At least in this show. Yeah. All right. Now we go to the two 12 division and a guy with a lot of high play lately, Nicholas, Phililudo, I think it's from Switzerland. He comes in and he wins a... Nicholas and B. So we don't box his name. Yeah. Yeah. He wins the first spot. He gets first place, displaying an amazingly massive physique, a super big legs, super big arms, really freaky looking, kind of like a leap-free type of physique sort of. I was just going to say he reminds me like a belief priest, but the downside is that it reminds me of a leap-free priest. In other words, you know, tremendous amount of muscle, tremendous amount of density, very, very good condition, but he's already looks like almost too big for the frame if that makes sense. Yeah. So, and that's not to pick the winner and say this is what's wrong with that. He's the winner and there's a deservedly so, but I think that, you know, running into the Olympia, there's people who open up more on their poses, you know, especially the back poses. I mean, he needs thicker back and I'm sure that will come at some point, but there's something a little bit like bunched up about his physique, which makes him in the line up very vulnerable. But when he gets into the shots, of course, I just, his fantastic, I try to set most muscular back-lats spread, even the front double-bice up, you know, is very good. So, he packs a ton of muscle. I mean, this was a slam dunk I thought in a large degree for him, just if, you know, because you got a way muscle, right? It's bodybuilding and then two-12 divisions, but yeah, to ton of it. Yeah, I agree. I was looking at his pictures of this as he, after the Katta's was over, he's got very short legs, long torso, which in I agree with he is back as his big, weak point, and maybe because of the long torso, that's a bigger reason why. Yeah, I mean, a long torso with shorter legs throws off, you know, to some weird degree balance, and I think in my mind, I always think a leap-priced like that, crazy giant arms, crazy giant legs, it has everything, the only knock is the torso's a little bit long. Yeah, it's just a structure, and there's really nothing he can do about that, but he does pack an amazing amount of muscle onto his frames. Second place goes to Derek Oslin. Derek Oslin's got nice, like round muscle, good flow, lack of weaknesses, but I think if you weigh condition, it was odd to me that some people I thought were conditioned, namely Mike Argus, and Lloyd Daller, who were especially Mike Argus, I thought he was in tremendous condition, fell the 6th and 7th, and yet they got to be scratching their head and thinking, okay, the guy who got second, while looks good, you know, didn't have the level of condition that they have. How old is Mike Argus now? I remember him from the USA 15 years ago. Yeah, so Mike's got to be the youngest mid 40s, you know, but he looked tremendous, up there, so he's got to be frustrated. I would be frustrated if I was him, not knowing like how do I place higher in a show like this. So going back to Derek, I think he's got a good structure and a good future in the 2012, it's just that he needs to add density and condition. I think it's more like density, then it is like condition. I mean his body fat is low, but I think, you know, sometimes you can have the same level of body fat as someone else, but if they have a dense look, it looks way harder under the light. Yeah, absolutely. And that's just a matter of training, right? Yeah, training years. Yeah. Third place and the 2012 goes to as wilder against Alice. Yeah, and so here's a guy rewarded on condition. Yeah. Nothing wrong with that, but it's like at some parts of pre-judging, I thought he looked thin in the upper body, and I would have definitely rewarded him as well on condition, but I thought at points, like a lot of pre-judging, I just thought it was like, you know, I was impressed with the condition, but the fullness, or even it's not even fullness, it's just like size in the upper body was like a little off. And you know, looked a little bottom-heavy, a little and he's a little thin through the, you know, the structure in the show, there's so. Yeah. I was getting out of one of hard on it, but I am hovered on it, and my greatest I thought were, you know, easily comparative to number two and three. Fourth goes to Carrus Bajo, another guy in really great condition. Yeah, that was Dave Lumbels guy. Okay. Yeah, I thought it was a mass monster, and I personally would have liked to see him in better condition, to highlight that mass. I mean, he's freaky big, crazy, crazy legs. Okay. And this is the oddness of the judging, right? I mean, so what do you do with him? Like crazy mass, one of the thickest guys, if not, you know, next to Nicholas. Yeah. But nowhere near the level of condition of Nicholas, and nowhere near the condition of the guy who got third and, you know, say third place. Right. Right. So it's an apples and orange type show. Right. We have the top six, the top five were apples at all. Exactly. And then fifth place was Fernando Dielameta. Yeah, Fernando has been around for a long time, low body fat here, you know, very good condition. I just thought he was flat. I've seen him fuller. But, you know, when you chase condition, you know, nobody can chase condition, and it's very hard to chase condition and stay full. Yeah. So I've seen him bigger or fuller. So I think, you know, that's like a personal decision. He always is probably making recently as, you know, do I come in as hard as I possibly can? He can give up some size. What do I try to come in, you know, hard enough. And big enough. He's probably looking at the guys ahead of him, say, wait a minute. Because he was, how do they then the guy in fourth for sure, and harder than the guy in second. But for his own physique, he looked a little flat through the packs, which hurt his front last spread. And being like flat through the upper back, it hurt his front, hurt his front double as well. Okay. So, um, but that's, you know, that's how the contest goes. You have to decide on how you're going to come in hard to fuller. You know, be nice. Just to come in big flow and hard all the time. If you want to get that down. If you figure it out, let me know. Yeah. All right. So now we're going to the men's open. Now this was one of the most exciting men's open bodybuilding contest I've seen in years. Yeah. We had a real battle between Surgeleva, Jr. and Alexis Rivera from Puerto Rico. They had a big battle at the pre-judging. And then they carried it over to tonight. Another big battle. Yeah. Yeah. Great battle. And great elevation from the crowd. This is what bodybuilding should be, right, Chris? This is, this is like, you know, if you, obviously people listen it on the internet aren't here. But I haven't been to a bodybuilding contest for people to share like this in years. Yeah. And I think here coming out of pre-judging, I had Sergio interesting. The first call out they had four people to top for and I had Sergio I'll leave a not clearly winning but for sure winning. And then they called those Sergio who ends up second and Alexis who wins the last call out of pre-judging together. Yeah. And I thought, well, that was quick. The guy who got Alexis seems to really tighten up quickly in pre-judging. I thought, well, maybe, you know, was his nerves, you know, because when he first was in the first call out, he was hard for sure. But just not really popping. And then that last call out, it seemed like he closed the gap. But for sure, I thought that, in my mind, Sergio was winning. Come back tonight. And they, you know, I thought that Alexis was tighter than this morning. And actually had a full look than this morning. His collar was definitely better than this morning. And they compared those two, like we haven't seen, people being compared in years. Steve was holding the poses for so long. It seemed like a opposing clinic. And not only after that, it just ran them through it again. Yeah. And you could feel the genuineness of, we're not sure. Yeah. At that point, you could feel that that was a lot of times when they called two people out at the end, it's a show. Yeah. They know who's going to win. They know who's second. It could be a blow. You know, it's close. But let's compare them, you know, put on a show, whatever. You could feel when they kept on calling them and kept on calling them, we're not sure. Yeah. And that's why the, and that is exactly why the audience went nuts, because they could feel the same thing. And there were shots at the end. I think that Alexis won. And there were shots that Sergio won. Mostly the same shots. They both equally won in pre-judging. And you could flip a coin with them. Yeah. You know, I thought Alexis had tremendous legs. And just quad separate, straighted quads. Yeah. Huge quads and straighted quads. I mean, yeah. Nice. Yeah. You know, his quads look even more detailed tonight. Yeah. And Sergio's legs are a strong point. Yeah. And I thought Sergio was a little bit better from the back and back. And Sergio's back was kind of his weak point before. Yeah. But I thought he really brought that up. I thought he definitely had him in the rear double. And back last bread. I thought he had him in the back last bread too. Yeah. How about front double front last bread? Front double. I had Sergio also. I thought Alexis was harder in the most muscular, especially in the abdominal region. You could see his abs were harder. And he just like, I think he looked harder overall in the most muscular. I'm going to front last bread. Probably Sergio, because he's got those high lats. So this is my point. And that's my point. How about side chest? Yeah. About equal. Okay. Side tricep. Okay. The point is, I try so I think Sergio. Sergio hits a pose better. The oddness of it is that I would agree with you. And yet I would agree with the idea that you could flip a coin. So I helped Sergio. I have him winning more poses than Alexis, but at the same time, this is bodybuilding. You can certainly leave there. And I mean, those, it's Alexis Quads were so detailed that you could say like, okay, you don't judge bodybuilding, show like we just did. Necessarily like who wins each pose. You know, sometimes you've left with force impression, last impression. So although I had Sergio winning lots of poses, Alexis looked tremendous and competitive and to his credit, and Sergio's credit. Nobody gave up on that. No last, yeah. And when it's close like that, it's usually the guy that has a little more charisma, a little brings a little more stage presence with that Sergio all the way for sure. You still can knock the wall. Well, Alexis looks a little more reserved. Yeah. Yeah. But Alexis was hard as a rock, so I mean, either one. I mean, you can't, you can't fall to judges on that. I mean, it was so close. I just thought Sergio with his, you know, extraverted manner on stage. I thought he was going to pull it off. Yeah. So I mean, they're both look great. Congratulations, Alexis. Dynamite showing. Dynamite consistency to come from where he was second in Vancouver a few weeks ago to, you know, hang in there, which is always hard. And do another show shows you, you know, his dedication to the sport. Third place was Max Charles. Max Charles was Max and third at the end. What's double check and I was. Yeah. Yes. Max Charles was third place. Lots of mass. You know, you can dissect this and two poses back last night, back double, meaning the level of condition that he had there. And it's always been his Achilles heel. Sometimes he brings it in, sometimes he does it bring it in. He's won the show previously. He won the show a couple of years ago, yeah. And, you know, I think the, you know, Alexis was just so hard and from from the back and Sergio was extremely hard in the back. And that's, you know, Clutz Ham's back up or back arm details. And I think that's what automatically put Max immediately out of the running for the talk to. Yeah. Yeah. It was a two-man show for sure. And if Max would've came in hard like he did a few years ago, you know, he could have been up in the mix too. Yeah. You grew with you. Yeah. What was Justin Rodriguez? Justin Rodriguez. Continuous to like impress and improve, you know, it's odd. I don't think he's like, you know, worse here because I hear people saying, you know, he looks off here. I don't know a lot of shows this year. I was like, he's done a lot of shows, but, you know, he hasn't run up to like against Sergio and Alexis at their best. Right. So, you know, and it's always who you stand next to. And that's as simple as that. I mean, you can look tremendous. But if you look, if you stand next to someone who's, you know, at not necessarily another level, but definitely, you know, breached out level of condition in first show like this, then sometimes you look, you know, you look flat or you people say, oh, you're flat or you're not hard enough because they don't know, but because really you're just being compared to really hard a guy. Yeah, hard a couple guys. Yeah. And then fifth was the Russian Sergei Kulukov, I think it was? Yeah. Yeah. I thought he was better three weeks in Chicago. When he did Chicago, he was round full hard. Here he was hard and lost some of the roundness that he had the three weeks ago. So, I think that knock came out. I think Eddie Ben in the level of condition that he had in Chicago and the level of fullness, then he probably would have, you know, been more competitive for that third slide. Yeah. We got to talk about six Rashid Oliker. Some of the thickest, narrowly as muscle I've seen since Rani Coleman. Yeah. Well, I think he was letting the stomach hang out. I noticed that and I think he could just be just a little harder, you know. It could be a little harder. I think I think the weird knock, again, some, I guess if you're going to make a knock, is he could be harder? But his muscles so thick and then he doesn't look soft at all. No. You know, I'm not spitting out the answer because I don't know it. I can justify the idea that he's got Nicholas, the two 12-winter syndrome, which is a lot of muscle packed on a smaller frame and it doesn't quite look bright enough, you know what I mean? Yeah, he's not wide, but he's super thick. Yeah. So it's almost like he needs more width for that amount of mass. But out of all the people who probably got frustrated, you know, he's going to go and look at pictures and say, I was bigger than this guy and it was harder than this much bigger. And which is true, which really technically could have allowed him, I think. You know, you could argue him placing his highest third place, his highest third place, and that's about it, you know? And once he knows about him, he moves very well. You know, considering his transitions, he come up on his toes and he's fly doing the one falls in the next flexible. Yeah. For a big guy like that, that was- I got a call for Zika. I don't think he's going to be moving down to classics, so Henry, and Brianna, they got nothing to worry about. And on-win was also in really good condition. Yeah, on-win is somebody who's, you know, heightened cold. Yeah. He looked good at this show last year. He looked good at a recent show. He's a little off here, even though he was in good condition. I think he was in better condition. I shouldn't say he was in good condition. Blondon Prasmy was, he was much bigger than I've ever seen him. And he's got a great physique. You know, he just says he's a dial in it. Yeah. He's got a dial in it. And that a catch word dial in it. That's from the Lennial phrase. Yeah. He's- He's somebody who can, you know, walk into a show like this and be competitive for the top five any day of the week. Maybe top four, top three, four, three, four, five. Somewhere, it just a matter of balance and out that new mass with condition. Yeah. Yeah. But overall, a great show that pulls down between Sergio Jr. and Lexus Rivera was really wanted to be seen. Yeah. It was tremendous. And lastly, I just want to congratulate Flex Wheeler. Yeah. Lifetime achievement, then we are lifetime achievement award. They gave a great video presentation. It was a great video. It was a great video. It was a great video. It was physical when they showed the videos of it, right? It's like, wow. Where were those physics at now? I mean, goal-gurgle Flex Wheeler images, and you see some astounding- They had some astounding video, gold's training, just everything packed, show those triceps, biceps. One thing I noticed was he had the thickness, he obviously has a incredible shape, but just that sharp, sharp detail that you just don't see that much today. You don't see it. You got to dial it in. The striations on the quads, and just the small ways with those dialed in abs, the ripped abs, unbelievable physique. He's phenomenal, I saw him after and congratulated him and he's inspired a lot of people, both with what he's accomplished in bodybuilding, but you know he's got the disease and you know come back from that and all these things. He started talking about that I thought about that, and he did in the car crash and all that stuff you got to go through. That's why you need the bodybuilding in the whole thing. Dave, you got to get, we got to get from flex like the seat belt or whatever. The seat belt that he wore, I didn't wear it. He did wear it. Yeah, he did. And then what if he would've done it? I don't know if he would've done it. I don't know if he would've done it. I don't know if he would've done it. If he would've done it. If he would've done it. If he would've done it. We just like take a seat belt from like a Dodge Neon and nobody will know. Nobody will know. All right. Well, for Chris Ascito and John Hanson, we are at the Tampa Pro 2018 Fantastic Show Tim Gardener for our exmuscle.com.