Welcome back to live with brought to you by Species Nutrition. Visit speciesutrition.com on Dave Palombo. And today's guest is our 2018 NPC USA overall men's body building champion and the YFVPRO team is doing. Hey, how's it going? Congratulations. Thank you. It's an honor to be on your show. I've been watching your show for a few years now. Pretty much got all the ass-daves, uh, bands watched. That's good. It's never too much knowledge, I mean, say, a shame. Interesting story you got because you've been in the military the Air Force 20 years. You started competing 17 years ago. And, you know, you really pretty much competed on the regional level for many, many years. Last year was your breakout year at the USA when you play Second Behind There are ones for talk to me about how you got into body building initially, you know, and because your story is interesting because you said you wait a hundred twenty five pounds when you joined the Air Force. Yeah. So basically I got into lifting weights because, uh, joined the basic training came out of a basic training at one fifty five. It's got a little chunky. I haven't that carrying around that much weight. So I thought I'd start lifting weights and turn it into muscle. And after a few years of training, I met this huge power, our body builder. Uh, that said, hey, you might do pretty good. And the show here, I was stationed at Little Rock Arkansas at the time. And I was like, okay, what do I do? You know, and he's like, okay, by these posing trunks, get this, get this. I first show, uh, play Second and Little Rock. Didn't didn't know how to pose. Didn't practice posing very good. I probably could have done a little better. You know, you know, it was my first go. And I was like, you know what? Let's try it again. I play Second out of six. So, wasn't too bad for my first go. No, this is interesting. You said you went to basic training in you gained weight. How do you, I thought you just was a lose weight when you go to basic training? Yeah, it's all, if someone's heavy, they normally lose weight. And if you're underweight, you normally gain weight. And I, at the time, I never ate a lot of food. So it'd be like twice a day. So when I come out in there, I was like, I guess I'm a nervous eater. So I got nervous. I would just pound cheeseburgers down like there are two bites. So I gained quite a bit of weight in just in the six weeks. So we, and now you're obviously about five six or so. So in high school, were you, were you an athlete or, you know, what did you do? Uh, and high school, I, I mean, it just said martial arts. I didn't do too much football or anything. Right. I didn't even know if our school had a wrestling team or I'd probably have done something like that, but I think our school was too small. And when did you go to school, where were you again? Uh, I was in Arkansas. I went to Van Buren and then I finished up in Alma High School. Okay, so it was pretty small town type of a situation. Yeah. What made you decide you wanted to go into the Air Force? Um, I kind of didn't. My mom was going to pay for my college and I didn't want to. I was afraid that if I went to college, I'd screw it up and, and then I'd, I'd feel indebted to her for her money and I was like, I can just go to the Air Force and get free preschool. So I was like, okay, this will be the easier way. And then, you know, first four years, I hated it. And then after I re-enlisted, I, my whole mindset changed. And I, I love the Air Force after that. So do you think you changed your life in a sense as an air of going into the Air Force at the time? You did. Cause you think you maybe weren't so confident when you were younger. Yeah, I would have gotten a lot of trouble. Were you a trouble maker in school? Was that? Were you a trouble maker in high school? No, I wasn't a trouble maker. I just hung out with people that did stuff they shouldn't be doing. So I probably wouldn't write there with them. That was not the story of most people who went to the military. It's to get away from, you know, bad influences. Yeah, that, that's probably 50% I'd say. Some people like did it off of patriotic reasons, but for me, was this to say out of trouble? Well, what happens a lot of people start out with, with, with, there's trouble like is then it becomes the greatest Patriots of the country that the country has ever seen. Right. Which is tremendous, you know. Is it, you know, weird to see how you transformed, like your family, that they noticed the difference, you know, when you entered the military, because you said you hated it at first, obviously. And at some point they, they brainwashed you into thinking correctly. You know, right, right. I mean, it's been a slow transition. I haven't really, like gained a lot of weight at any one point except basically, I think basic training was like the most weight I've gained at one time. But it's been a slow transition. My, obviously everybody that sees me now from back in high school, obviously can tell the difference. I mean, I look at the mirror. I feel like I'm 125 pounds. So when did you, when did you think that you also were involved in power lifting too? And you've got some pretty impressive tools. You've, you've squatted six eleven, you benched four sixty five and deadlift sixty three six thirty three and that meet that you kind of had your personal best, seventeen, six total, which is very, very impressive numbers for guy 200 pounds. Did you, were you torn between body building and power lifting? Because a lot of times you got to kind of pick which one you really want to focus most of your energy on. Yeah, I'm, I'm torn because of the diet. There's a, you know, like power lifting diet. I can eat donuts. Right. Bodybuilding diet. I can't do any of that. So I'm torn between the diet, but I think I have a little bit better at bodybuilding that I am power lifting. So I'm kind of this year I decided to leave out the power lifting meat that I was going to do just so I could really concentrate on making sure I was lean enough and not hurt myself. You know, like ten weeks out. Right. So, but always enjoy lifting heavy too. So that's, that's my favorite thing to do is just lift heavy. Now, it's interesting. You know, when I was doing my wrap up with the USA, I really didn't know very much about you at all. I'll be honest with you. But I, I looked at your physique and I, and I get tell that you train heavy. And I compared you to branched Warren. I said, you know, this guy looks like a like a midi branched Warren when branch first term pro. And I had no idea you had a power lifting back, back around. You have a lot of dense, mature muscle on your body. Do you attribute that to all the years of heavy lifting? Oh, yeah. It's definitely from that. Even back when I was competing in the NGA naturals, like no, no one would touch my back or or my legs. That was like my two two spots. That's just from heavy squat and heavy headlets. Sure. Now, last year, you told me you could sort about your current coach. You had placed really bad, I believe, at the USA in 16. And then tell us what happened. So, yeah. So in 16, I, I placed 11th and I had seen my, who's my coach now, Shane. And I told him I really wanted to go with him and, and give it a shot. And he said he would have me battling out for first place in 2007. And, you know, I'm, I'm a skeptical, but I was like, you know what? He's probably going to be able to keep me on track better than I can keep myself on track. So, there we were, you know, first and second. So, you know, I was right there with him. You were in lunch for battle at that, on that same stage. And once for obviously went on to some great things, you know, winning the first thing. Going to the Olympia place in top five. So, you know, we're certainly good company. That was inspiration. See, in him go, just that far, that quick. I was like, I never really believed I could ever compete with the guys that they Olympia until I seen him up there. And I was like, I wasn't that far off. Yeah, no, you were right there. I remember what I was just, no. No, what's interesting is that, you know, a lot of times we see guys, they don't want to, they have no patience. They want to do, they jump in, they want to turn pro one year, and they want to be on the Olympia stage next year. And that's just not the case for most people. Like, you're a true testament to a guy that hard work over one period of time, pans out to great results. I mean, you're not a young guy. You're not like in your 20s. And you've been training for, you know, seven to committing for 17 years now. And you finally got the pro-court. Does it feel like you've been validated? You know, now that all that hard work you put in his finally, you know, gotten you the so-called diploma from the, the amateurs? Oh, yeah. I mean, it's definitely, I mean, even here. And when I watch the, the USA recap from you and here in my name, it's like, hey, he's talking about me. I've ever, I feel like a celebrity. Like, this is cool. So, yeah, I mean, it's a definite step, huge milestone to make pro. Now, a lot of these guys now that just turn pro with the USA are jumping into this week and stamp a pro. I had that come across your mind, it all, hey, maybe I'll test myself out and see how I do. Yeah, originally I thought that plan would be a good idea, but I had promised my woman that we'd go camping this weekend. So I forgot about that and my coach was like, oh, let's put on some more weight. So I want to try to get up to around 2, 10 before I try to go up there. I think I would fair better if I had a few more pounds of soul of muscle on. Once for did pretty good after winning the light heavyweight class, you might have done pretty well. Also, did you feel that that 2, 12 division is your category? Oh, yeah, there's no way up the heaviest I've been in the off season is 2, 20. Oh, okay. So I'll struggle to, I'm on a struggle this year to try to get to 2, 30 will be my off season goal to try to get me right around the 2, 10 mark. Do you still have trouble eating? Is that your limitation at this point? Yeah, it's not eating enough. I see people who can put down some food, but I just have, I don't know, I get sick way too easy to say I end up half in death. I can spread them out, but this year I'm going to try to stretch my stomach a little more. No, explain to us what are you doing the air force? Like what's your full time position there at this point after being there for 20 years? All right, now it's called the production superintendent, basically just managed all the jobs on the aircraft. So if aircraft is broke for a certain shop, I'll get to make sure that shop gets out to the aircraft and fixes it and set priorities based on which aircraft has what mission. Right. Now, these current aircrafts that we have in our military are like spaceships, they're like crazy. I mean, do you have to constantly go for continuing education to learn how to fix these computer systems and all these crazy stuff that they got in there? Yeah, I mean, depends on your AFSC to depends on what your job is. For my original job of aircraft structural maintenance, it was structure structure fiberglass. Oh, I got to see it all like, you know, but the guys who are an avionics that are working on, you know, the computer systems, those constantly get upgraded and they constantly have to go back to get. Schooling, but for my job, I don't have to do that because the metal metal never changes carbon. That's the same. Now, when you go, I always wanted this, when you go into the Air Force, because there's different branches of the military, obviously, does everyone learn how to fly a plane or is it just the people who want to be pilots? Yeah, you got to, you got to be a pilot. So yeah, that's definitely not the case. There's all kinds of different jobs, security forces, services where they, they cook the food. Right. You know, basically anything that's on an Air Force base, there's a job for it. So everybody has their own job pilots fly, because you don't, I don't think you'd want someone that, you know, I don't know that be a little dangerous of this. What if I'm going to fix my own aircraft and then. Some people are just jack-able of trains. They can do everything. I just didn't know, maybe you knew how to fly anywhere. You just could just be in the air force. You would not try to fly. Now, have you ever been stationed overseas or it's always been domestically been here? Yeah, I've been stationed at Ocanal, Japan, Ekinadina Air Force Base. How long was that? That was a three year tour, and it was awesome. I tried staying overseas, but I ended up getting sent to Utah. So what's in Utah? Is it you've been there so long? Utah was there for about five or six years. I worked on F-16s. And then the reason why I left there was because they were going to shut down and get some F-35s. So one of the squadrons was going to shut down and I had to pick a base, because I'd been there for over four years. And that's probably going to get, you know, like some crappy base. So I got to pick a base and pick California. It's a beautiful place over here just like the taxes and all that. I know it's expensive over here living. Very expensive up there. You're in like Northern California right by San Francisco. Yeah. That's not that Silicon Valley area in areas. Do you, so I guess, you know, like I said, you want to put some size on. So what would you say, you know, what's the golfer next year? Would you have a pro debut picked out yet? Yeah, I want to do the Tampa Bay Pro. I want to give it a good solid year off. Make sure that I can put on that weight and and give me about 20 weeks to die at again. And try to, you know, do what Derek did basically, you know, I've, you know, I was inspirational what he did last year. So I've been, that's kind of my goal is to try and see if we can't hit hit the Tampa Bay Pro and get qualified for the Olympia. And that would be the ultimate goal. But you know, everyone else is thinking the same thing. So, it's all right. If you're better than then then you do it. I think it's a good plan. I think it gives you a full year to kind of, you know, get better. And then obviously this would be the last qualifier before the 2019 Olympia. So if you did win, you know, you probably, you know, that would be a great little feather in your cap to finish off the year with the Olympia. So I think it's a good strategy. Anyone else you want to thank out there? You know, Shane, I'm sure you have a lot of people that supported you through this competition. Oh, you know, my family. They had to put up with the zero carbs. Anger. So I give them props for supporting me and, you know, not getting too pissed that I was so angry. I thought you were going to say zero gravity for me. I'm still stuck on the whole Air Force thing, but zero carbs have to be worse than zero gravity, I guess. Yeah, definitely is. Congratulations again on the big win. Enjoy this philosophy. The victory doesn't last very long. And pretty proud. You beat a good group of guys up there. I appreciate it. Thank you, Dave. All right. And guys, and that's going to take us to the end of another episode of live with brought to you by species nutrition. Visit species nutrition.com. I'm Dave Palombo. We'll see you next time.