I'm going to be lunch of tasty pastry. It's a low-car caulk tart. It's got three and four grams of neck carbs. And we love to this show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. I'm Dave Pulumbo and today is Tuesday, July 22nd, 2021. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Hey, here's something I haven't said to open up a show for a long time. We have a brand new update from Amara Ashkenani. After going zero dark 30, through the first half of the season, all of a sudden Team Ashkenani started cranking out content left and right over the last few weeks, which might be there not to settle away of saying that he's back and open for business again. Even though he has generated as much conversation as some of the other athletes in the two-twelf division, the fact of the matter is that Amara has placed top five or better at the Olympia in every year since 16, which is something no other athlete in the division can say. He is without a question one of the top two-twelf athletes on the planet. And if he's committing himself to making another serious title run, people better start paying attention. Speaking of serious title runs in the two-twelf division, is there anyone in the division who looks like they're taking their prep more seriously this year? Then Sean Clarita. Every time Sean puts out new photos or videos, he has that same angry or work-to-play look on his face. He had years ago when he was still trying to scratch and far as way to the top. For better or worse, Sean still looks like he's walking into the gym every day with that same underdog mentality that he's had throughout his entire career. Even though he's the one everyone's chasing now. The top five in this year's Olympia has the potential to be one of the best that we've ever seen. But even in a line-up that could be historically great when Sean's locked in like this, it's hard to imagine anyone else pulling off the upset. In the last segment, I mentioned this year's two-twelf lineup having the potential to be historically great, which is absolutely what it could be. But the way it looks right now there might be a spot opening up in the top 10 after Bow Lewis's announcement that he was switching to the men's open division. A few days ago, Bow and now, on social media that the next contest he was competing in would be an open event, which would effectively take last year's ninth place finisher out of the equation for the foreseeable future. On the surface, one of the interesting things about Bow's decision here is that it comes on the heels and then having the best season of his career, and that night's place will be a finish, which was one of the biggest highlights. With that being said, if transitioning into the open, feels like it'll create more opportunities down the road, and I guess there's no time like the president. You know how they say that in order to be the best you've got to beat the best? Well, what about if you are the best already and the best of all time? Because when that's your situation, like it is for Oxana, Grasina doesn't think the best just come down to doing what already comes natural, even though she made her big return to the Olympia stage last year, I think Oxana, Grasina, wouldn't admit that getting back to who she was before she decided to step away was harder than she thought. And that doesn't even take into account the fact that she ran head first into two giant buzz-saws in Missy Truscott and Whitney Jones. But like I just mentioned the moment ago, we've never seen anything like Oxana Grasina in this division when she's firing on all cylinders, and if she gets back to that level again, there are still a lot of people who believe that she's in a class all by herself. And that does it the end in another edition of Muscle in the Morning. I'm Dave Palamba, reminding you to always be true to your passions. And remember, follow us on Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook.