I'm going to be launching the tasty pastry with a low-car hot tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. I'm Dave Palombo, and today is Tuesday July 6th, 2021. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Sometimes when you're young you think new always means good. Then as you get older you start to differentiate a little bit more, and you realize that new doesn't matter. Good is good, and then every once in a while you come to realize that something can be new and be good at the same time. And as far as the two 12-Division is concerned, new and good might be the two simplest and best words to describe Nathan Eppler's season so far. With less than four months to go before he makes his Olympia debut, this year's leading candidate for the two 12-Rookie of the Year. He looks like he's on track to bring something new and good to the station on tober. When you look at where this division is right now, I think we have a really strong group of four or five athletes all battling it out at the top. And then after that, things start to open up. So if Nathan can figure out how to dial in whatever the right combination of new and good is for him, a top 10 finish should easily be within striking distance. You've been paying attention over the past few months. We've talked a lot about all of the big events coming up in October. We've got the Arnold Classic in September, the Arnold UK in October, and the Olympia in October, which is basically like the holy Trinity of the contest season at this point. It's on October 22nd through 24th. This year's Legion Sports Festival will be going down in Las Vegas. And according to reports, it looks like that might be where we see stand-alone youth make his open debut. Stand-made the move out to Vegas from Chicago a few months ago. So I'm paid for doing this show, makes perfect sense. It gives him plenty of time to get him in shape. And he can train at his home gym all the way through. Anyone have to deal with all of the stress that traveling puts on his body. He senses less control as many of the controlables as possible. Hopefully it'll translate into a solid, open-day view and put him in position to potentially earn a qualification for the 2022 Olympia if everything goes according to plan. I'm paraphrasing this idea from Chris Ascito, so hopefully he won't get mad and yell at me when he sees this. But in bodybuilding, weight doesn't really matter unless we're talking about what someone needs to weigh to make a weight class or division. Sometimes a person can have the exact same stage weight but look like they have two different bodies. All based on the improvements they made. And the reason I say this is because I don't need to know what George Peterson weighs or what he will weigh on stage. All I know is that when I look at him, last year versus this year, I see two different bodies. And that tells me that he's better now than he was than. And if consistent improvement and being your best of the two biggest keys to success in this game, then I'd say that he's doing a pretty damn good job. Wouldn't you? For a time's in life when hearing the truth can be ugly. That's why people like little white lies because they're pretty in cute and they can make you feel better in the moment. But Sean Clarita isn't a little white lie trying to guide. And the ugly truth that a matter is that he's out for blood in his first title defense this year. And the photos and videos we saw with him and John Meadows last week, Sean looked like he was already four weeks out, which means that he'll probably end up growing into the show like he did last year. The man eats, sleeps, and breathes this lifestyle 24-7. And when someone with that kind of mindset decides there's no plan B, it usually means that everyone else is just competing for second place. And that doesn't be at another edition of Lusselin the Morning on Day full of reminding you to always be sure to your passions and they should have followed us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.