My name is Tau Amini and I am the CEO and founder of Ulysses. The protein, bakery with low-shoulder ketogenic and high protein in each and every item. I specialize in making brownies, cookies and cupcakes. As of 2021, we will have the variety of traditional, good and free, and protein to choose from Every product. Come check us out at www.ulyssesbater.com And then also check us out on our donation by the word. All proceedings will go to the wheelchair body building community with your order. Thank you for checking us out. Take care. If it's been 3.5 hours since you last ate protein, now you're starting to freak out. You are old school. If watching someone sit on a hammer machine for 5 minutes between sets playing with their phone, pisses you off, you are definitely old school. OSBBC.com for the hardest training athletes. I'm Dave Palombo. Founder of Species Nutrition. From my earliest body building days, I believe in only putting the best in my body. And that lives on in the species nutrition line of products. I put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition products. If you want to be your apps to look best, join the evolution. Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X Pro 30 year in a row. And what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching tasty pastry for the Ocar Poptart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show this. This is our best place to be in LA. We're going to be doing this. We're going to be doing this. We're going to be doing this. We're going to be doing this. Alright, television on rxmuscle.com. This is ass Dave better known as hashtag ass Dave. You're 30 minute question and answer. Feel what they've lumped up all your questions. Diet training supplementation. I've been pros and news. There's some big news last night. Always check that out. And whatever is on your mind, it is all on the table Dave. Before we get that big news, Heart of Knee. I know that kind of coming from out of nowhere, but July 4th weekend is right around the corner. It's here. And speech nutrition is going to ring in July 4th weekend. whatever what they expect as PC-contrishing.com for our July 4 sale. Well, I'm not going to tell you what the sale is, but I will tell you this we're going to have a sale. It's going to be Saturday Sunday Monday. You guys are going to be able to get some really nice discounts on the site. Stay tuned. I don't want to tell you that because everyone's going to go to the site and to have them to sell. It's only Wednesday. So check this week and there will be a sale. There are a lot of people who need to restock for the month. They're for the next two months. And they've been asking me hey, you're going to have a sale. I'll tell you that we will have a sale. I promise you it will be in a really nice one. And just stay tuned this weekend. It will be Saturday Sunday and Monday. And then that will be it. So make sure you check this week on the site. Look, you know, I can't believe July 4th is here, ready. It did come very, very fast. And I was planning my guru course. I wanted to do it before the July 4th weekend. Then July 4th obviously came up before I knew it. Next week after July 4th, the following Saturday the day the secret to becoming a guy guru course online. You can sign up via the link on my website. And I know a lot of people have been asking about it because they want to get into taking the course and obviously educate themselves. And you know, I have a lot of people who actually take the course multiple times. You got to remember when you are a coach and you're making money off of, you know, helping other people and charging them. You have a lot, you can write expenses off. And continuing education is an expenditure right off with your account and at the end of the year. So I have guys that every single year they take it once a year. The secrets of becoming a guy guru and then they just submitted to their accountants and they get the discount. You know, obviously they get that taken off their taxes. So it's free education in a sense. You know, take advantage of it. You know, I spend a lot of time with the very long day. It's nine hours. But it's a lot of great information. So before we get into the question again, we talked about that big news. Well, the big news announced yesterday from the Arnold Classic committee is that this upcoming Arnold Classic is going to have two big new names that is Nick Walker and really winkler. They're added to quite possibly the most stacked competition in this stack line of brother in this competition's history. Dave, some big news. We had discussed to a Sergio Leva Jr. Just a couple of weeks ago and heavy muscle radio. And that is that bodybuilding needs more of this more of these mega show these blockbuster shows aside from the Olympia. And you talked about a key Williams his plans after his big win at the Puerto Rico Pro. He twos in a compete there. So that's going to shape it up to be a blockbuster show at the Arnold. Do you think that Sergio's little message he did on Instagram influence these other guys and made them jump into the show? What do you think they just really say? How stupid am I got a month before the Olympia? I can jump in and make some prize money here. I'm trying to think of if he motivated them or brought them to their senses or if they just said why not? I'm going to say it's a combination of both. And I'll tell you one thing that Sergio said on the episode that I think will really kind of triggered something. And it's sort of good conversation. And here we go. The end result if that had anything to do with it is that you're going to have a blockbuster show in Columbus this year. And that is in Seymour. I mean you look past over the last 18 months, right? Aside from the Olympia side from Big Romney, winning the Olympia, what could you say is like the most talked about storyline? And it was a manufacturer storyline, right? I mean it was the quote unquote beef. Right. Nick Walker and blessing I would do with that never quite paned out that I guess whatever. But to his point, the fact that bodybuilding was essentially leaning on that as a real highlight of the year kind of the fucking point. That kind of goes to show what you need this. You need mega shows. You need a sophomore in the Olympia. You need a mega show where you have some of the bodybuilding's up and coming stars. You know, stars that you expect to be in that top six in the Olympia. And I think that you know, messing really was receiving a resounding fashion. So whether or not that had any of you do with it, you know, I'm sure history will tell. But nonetheless, the bottom line, you're going to have an absolute, you know, absolute gem of the show, September 25. And and his other people didn't really think about either is that, you know, the Arnold this year will be a qualify for the next year as a Olympia. So hey, if guys go to the Olympia in October, they're already early. Let me jump in. Let me make some money. And then I'll qualify for next year, salimpia without even having to do a show. I don't want to next year. And we're better to qualify than at an Arnold. And you're going to be in shape anyway for the Olympia. So I think it's a no brainer. To be at high to shoot and couldn't get into that show as well. I think that would have been a blockbuster, you know. What it's funny that you mentioned that because after the announcement, that was going to be my next move to message honey, Rabbi ought to see if that was a possibility. But I do know that obviously the plan is for a hotly jupon to come way earlier than the Olympia. To start, you know, very, very deep prep here in the United States, not have to deal with any of the travel issues. So, you know, we hope to see the best hotly jupon come Olympia time. Let's go to the questions. Two questions, of course, from the day below, I'm going to experience that the first question. Dave, can you discuss the synergy with GH and I get one together dosage timing, etc. Thanks for the brutal show. You know, it's funny because I used to when I would compete back in there was doing off season a lot of times I would do when I would do my IGF. I didn't even use GH. I said, you know what? I'll take a break from the GH. I'll use my IGF one with insulin and then I would do the GH with insulin when I wasn't using the IGF because I would go off the IGF for, you know, a couple weeks here. And that's because I found that my body had used to it a lot. But then the research came out and showed that there is a synergism between using the growth hormone and IGF together. So what I have a lot of guys do is use, you know, depending on whatever dosage or the part with how the weight of the person or what their experience levels. Think about two to four I use a GH a day and then 10 to 20 micrograms of IGF one post work out and the IGF one is always rotated on a forward four weeks on two weeks off rotation. The key with the IGF one people just don't realize this because it's cheap and it's available is you can't do too much of it. Okay, more is not better like with GH, you know, to a certain degree of course. Because what happens is your IGF one receptors downgrade very quickly to IGF one. So if you're taking 50 or 100 micrograms a day, the stuff's going to stop working after a week. Trust me. I know so many people to take huge massive doses of IGF one get no gains from it. You get a pump from it because that's an insulin like effect, but you don't get them to get gains because their IGF one receptors are just not receptive anymore. If you do less less is more so 10 20 micrograms the most per day and only do it for four weeks in a row and then take to at least two weeks off before you restart it up again. If you do that you're going to get better results. I know it sounds counter productive because we're such we're so enraptured in this more is better culture. But when it comes to IGF one, you can't do too much of it. It just doesn't work that way. Second question again from the Dave Blumbo experience app. Dave, you've always liked long acting compounds. Why pre-contest or better use short like trinacetate and mass tron. Well, you know, the reason I like trinacetate is because it actually it seems to work a little differently than trin the long asking trin balloon metabolites. This is a long acting trin balloon. Esters. I don't know why, but for some reason trinacetate has a very very quick hardening effect and I like that pre-contest. I don't really like the side effects of it. I always had trouble sleeping on it at night. I can never fall asleep. I was always having to take like something to go to bed at night. The last four to six weeks whenever I used it. It gives you puts you in a really crappy mood. Some people have digestive issues from it. And if you take too much of it, it'll definitely jack you blood pressure up very high. So I recommend less is better also to try and acetate. 150 milligrams every other day is plenty. I used to do a hundred with people and you know, people have a lot of side effects with it. It's just not worth it. You don't really need that much of it. When it comes to the other kind of, of course, I like windstral pre-contest the last six weeks or so like that. Because I just think that it has some sort of hardening effect on the body. But as far as testosterone goes, I like the long acting esters. Because testosterone is testosterone. We want high even levels in the body. It doesn't matter if you're using a faster slow acting testosterone. The end result is the same. The only difference is you've got to administer the fast acting one more frequently. And most no one uses test suspension anymore, which is the fastest acting because it hurts too much and it leaves you well. But same thing with test propane. Propane at less about 48 hours, 24 to 48 hours in the body, you know, at a nice level. But the problem is it feels like you hate going to hit with a hammer wherever you take a shot of the stuff. And a lot of people have like a immune system response to it. I know I used to. You get like flu like symptoms from it. So it's just not worth taking because it doesn't make you feel good. You don't need to have well-tool over your body from injections. So I find that sipping eight and anante esters of testosterone seem to be the most reliable. You get the same results. There's no toxicity from it. They're they give you nice even levels of it. And then play around with the antibiotics when you get close to the show. You want to use faster acting on a box. It's fine. I don't really cut testosterone out on my athletes at all. I always found that whenever I cut testosterone, I kind of lost some of the fullness that I wanted on stage. I might have them take their last shot Wednesday before I started a show. But by far I keep that in at a high level. I play with the antibiotics a lot in terms of like master on trying to acetate wind stroll. Those are my favorites. Those last six to eight weeks prior to that the first eight weeks to the diet. I usually use longer acting esters like Decker and Eccropoise and testosterone. So it's really all of those last eight weeks to things start to change around. And the truth of the matter is I know guys that have looked amazing on stage. When I asked them after the show, what did you use? It took testosterone nothing else. I couldn't afford anything. I couldn't get anything else. And it just goes to show you. A lot of times we think it's you have to have the perfect drug concoction and cocktail to be the best on stage. A lot of times it doesn't matter. It's about diet training, getting your body fat low. And just having something on board. Some add a ball time board to keep you full and preserve your muscle. And at the end of the day having a million compounds and the perfect, you know, drug cycle might improve your little bit. But maybe not as much as people think. Let's go to our Instagram questions again if you're not already following us on Instagram. The handle is official underscore our ex muscle. If you're watching us for the first time on YouTube hit the subscribe button below. Hit the notification bell. Obviously now that we have our build up to the all classic and then ultimately the Olympia. We're going to be doing all sorts of contests coverage. Iron debate episodes interviews with the athletes are going to be on stage. Previous segments a lot more. So if you haven't already done so hit the subscribe button and hit the notification bell. You're not going to miss any of our show segments or updates. A little clawed up right now. If you can't already tell, but appreciate your patience. No comment. No comment. No comment. First question from Neil Zaluski. So we talked about. I guess contests having more of the stars compete at contests aside from the Olympia. And this has been a much debated topic over the last few years. So he asks, do you think the I.D.B. should change the rule about the top five and open automatically qualifying for the Olympia to just the top two to make an effort for top pros to compete more on the top five. And he says it's a little bit more of a challenge than he is doing. And I mean, I would never promise if I'm following the Olympia champ or you qualify. I mean, why not make everyone compete? I don't know. I don't know what the right answer is. You know, I think it's a shame that these guys don't want to compete more than once a year. I'm glad I'm actually really glad to see that pretty much everyone is jumping into this Arnold a month before. The package goes to show you that, you know, the the stereo type of everyone just sitting back and waiting for one show to compete at is not necessarily true anymore. And so should they make these guys recall fight. You know, if you place top five at the Olympia or at the elite level, you really shouldn't have to. But at the same time, should you compete if you are top five? Yeah, I think it's not a bad idea. Especially if there's a couple shows close to the Olympia like they're doing the Arnold this year. Maybe now that's going to have the Arnold UK, maybe that'll stay later in the year right before the Olympia. Maybe you'll have guys do the Arnold in March and then right before the Olympia. There'll be the Arnold UK guys from the US will fly over and do that and then you'll have the Arnold classic. And then you'll have the Olympia right after that. If that becomes something that happens every year, that can inspire a lot of people to do that show because maybe that show will have more prize money. Then of course if the rock ever comes out, what is that? Let it come. I don't know what is what is what is plans are for that. And then I put up a lot of prize money. I think the top guys will do the shows or do more shows if we have the top level prize money at these shows. I understand what they're thinking, if I'm a second or third, the Olympia. And I'm only going to make $5,000 from winning this show. Why should a risk peaking twice, but if there's a hundred grand on the line, you're going to be much more likely to see a guy jump into a show. As questions from 20 when it's so after we record this show, you're going to be on with Lee priest and the question is about Lee. Can you in your honest opinion, can you see Lee priest really doing another show? He looks huge still as one of his many fans. It would be great to see him get it invite to a major show. I mean he goes on to say I guess to see some of the other 90 stars would be great, but Lee in particular realistically obviously you formed a really tight release. In a really tight relationship with him, you know his habits. You know his training style, he is training regimen. Now, can you honestly realistically see him step back on a 9th BB stage? I know for a fact that Lee definitely wants to compete. There's no doubt in my mind. And when we talked about this before, he definitely wants to compete. I don't think Lee will get on stage unless he thinks he can be competitive where he's going to win a show. In other words, if his injury doesn't completely get to a point where he's happy with the way he looks, I don't think he'll get on stage. He's not going to just get on stage just say I did it. He's going there to win and that's Lee's mind set. And I think it's a good mindset. In other words, I always felt the same way. If I couldn't be better than I was before, then why compete. You know, so say thing for Lee. I mean Lee's a guy who's one pretty almost every show aside from the big Arnold and the Olympia. So why risk, you know, ruining your legacy and if you're going to come back and head half your best. So if you can come back and be competitive and he knows, you know, it's not two 12 class or open whatever you decide to do. I could possibly win this show, place top five, whatever his goals are. I think he'll definitely do it. And I think we'll see him in 2022. I don't want to see him this year. But I think in 2022 he's going to be ready to roll. Let's go to DE main. What is his science theory behind taking a Q and R with your morning GH notes? We all know that growth hormone works antagonistically. That means the opposite of insulin essentially. So GH mobilizes move stuff out of the cells. That's what you burn fat. Where it's insulin drives stuff into the cell to be absorbed and utilized, whatever. If the muscle, if it's not a muscle cell, it's driven into a fat cell. It can store things as fat. Okay. So when you have a lot of GH around and you're eating, okay, meals, like you do when you're awake. Okay, especially in the morning, your first meal today. If there's too much GH around, the insulin can't do which job, pushing stuff into the muscles because the growth hormones in the way, it's a very big molecule. And the insulin doesn't do it. So you could be running higher blood sugars than normal. And if you're not absorbing all these nutrients that you're consuming, then obviously you're not going to grow and recover well. So for some people when they take growth hormone, they become very insulin resistant. Sometimes they run high blood sugars. Just because you're insulin resistant doesn't mean you're going to run high blood sugars. But sometimes people have both. And in which case is then not really utilizing the nutrients that they're consuming properly. And in those situations when you add something like humile and r or humile in the morning, to kind of give your body the ability to overcome the insulin resistance from the GH, you seem to grow better. Now, if your person who tends to over-secret insulin already, that means you have fat genes, we say you get fat easily. And you add insulin into the equation, it can make the situation worse. But in a lot of people like myself who are very low insulin, people who put out very low amounts of insulin, because our bodies are efficient at absorbing when I would take GH, I couldn't absorb any food. I would be flat as a pancake. It made me very insulin resistant. So when I added in a short acting insulin, I started to grow pretty, pretty, noticeably, pretty quickly. So you have to assess on a person, my person base. It's not everyone's the same. Let's go to IFBB Tynacity. How do I kick star minimum metabolism again after five surgeries and two years and being unable to train effectively, not yet able to fully train, but we'll be able to do so in the next 34 months. That your methodology for restarting the tablets. I think the metabolism will restart on its own once he starts working out and increasing his food intake to several meals per day, spaced out throughout the day. The body is a wonderful machine. It really knows what to do when you put the right inputs into it. So if you go from doing no training, you're injured and you weren't maybe eating as you should have because you figured, why should I eat six times a day, I'm not able to train. Now when you go into that eating regimen and you go into that training regimen that you're doing, your body is just going to respond. You're going to create a positive nutrient partitioning environment. Your body is going to start building muscle using stored body to have as a fuel source. And you're going to see everything change in your metabolism. You're going to be sweating all the time from eating more food. And your body is going to start doing, you don't really have to do anything. The body is a very, very smart organic machine, as I like to say, and it knows what to do. Let's go to Severano Benbino. Thoughts on different training methods in a month example, different rep range every other workout, six to eight reps to say 30 plus reps to hit different fibers. You know, I always say that there's no such thing as a bad training regimen. It's just a training regimen that either works or doesn't work for the person's body. I know that high rep, you know, high, you know, a lot of sets workouts that required me to stay in the gym for long, long periods of time work counterproductive for my body. So if I were to do a 2 1 1, half hour workout, you know, and do, you know, 35, 40 sets, I probably would lose muscle rather than gain muscle. That's the way my body worked. So for me to just, because I wanted to do something different than I normally do to change from low volume heavy weight to super high volume, you know, long workouts, that would be kind of productive. However, if I'm stalin what I'm doing, and I don't want to go into the gym in squat 600 pounds today, because I just don't feel as strong, I might go in and do 425 with a couple drop sets to kind of increase the intensity level, but not necessarily do more sets. Just enhance what I'm doing using lighter weights. And I don't know if that makes sense to people, but so basically you're changing the tempo of your workout, you're changing how you're creating the stress and your body, but I'm not necessarily increasing volume as much or time in the gym. And that's what you need to do. I was some people, like how do I change, I will, you know what, if your squat goes squat, do something different, maybe squat and superset that with, with leg extensions. Or if you do bench pressing normally, maybe do a set of a giant set, do a set of incline barbell presses, go to flat dumbbell presses, and then go to cable crossovers in a giant set, like me and let's should do. You don't do it every time, but if you go into the gym and you do it, you know, once a month or something like that, once every six weeks, it'll shock your body a little bit. Still doing the same number of sets, you're just doing them boom boom boom boom boom boom. So you might do three sets, three giant sets like that. And leave the gym. So you're working out my name and be shorter than it normally is, but the intensity and the way you distribute the intensity to your body, or the stress to your body during this workout is a little different. So it has a shocking effect in the body and the body has to adapt to that. And that's what it's all about. We want the body to have to adapt to what we do in the gym. And if you're still on what you're doing in the gym, did you do the same thing every week? This is a good way to get past that. Well, it's good. The leopard, how do you feel about low insulin and GH in test for all season blocking combined with high calories versus a combination of multiple antibiotics? One more time, sir. So how do you feel about low insulin GH in test for all season, bulking combined with high calories versus a combination of multiple compounds? So in other words, when you, I think you try to imply that when you're off cycle, you would still do insulin and GH or something like that. I mean, I think that sounds like that. I mean, I don't have a problem with insulin and GH, as long as you're giving your body some time off the antibiotics because the energy and receptors need to regenerate. It's the antibiotics that are, you know, gunking them up, so to speak. Think about it. If your body's always exposed to high high levels of testosterone or any kind of metabolic steroid for that matter, it doesn't matter. We're just using testosterone for instance. The energy receptor is not going to be as receptive. It's going to save that as plenty of testosterone. We don't need that many of our set. We don't want to be overwhelmed. But if you take away the testosterone, you take away the antigens. Now there's very little around only naturally what your body is producing and your body might be producing very little. The sensitivity of the engine and receptive must restore itself. Now whether you're taking the insulin and GH at the same time, okay, it's going to have nothing to do with that engine and receptors. Sure, you can take some low-dose GH in a little bit of insulin and still get some antibody response from it without affecting how your energy and receptor recovers. Let's go to Irish with Little Marinera. How do you feel about mixing weight isolip powder and cream of rice? It seems to be the new thing. We used to mix the weight isolip powder and oatmeal all the time. I used to do that back in the day. I would do it in sitting in front of the TV and it would just make my oatmeal and I would take a scoop away. I still took the mix it in and it was a good way to add some extra protein. They even sell oatmeal packets with the weight isolip powder and the flavor. The only thing is to do a cream of rice doesn't matter. What I noticed is it gets a slight clay-like consistency because the way protein gets a little thicker. You might have to add some extra water to it. I always prefer that if I didn't feel like eating protein, I don't want to make a chicken breast. I would just add a mix 50 grams of weight into this much water. Mix it around and go up and down and then eat the bowl separately. If you like the way the taste of this up mixed in, that's fine. You can do it that way. What I used to do it, I still sometimes do it. Cream of rice, grits or oatmeal, put your eggs in there. Let's see how it's in the morning. You can put that into your dry oatmeal, mix it around and get the right consistency. Put that in the microwave. The microwave will absorb the grits or the oatmeal will absorb the eggs. I've shown this video before. I've done videos on this before. It makes it a little cake. You can eat that. That tastes way better. I think putting the way protein into the oatmeal or eggs into the cream of rice is seems to be better to me than mixing way protein. What muscle in your opinion is key to having great looking arm from the last week, we asked you about it. You can have your biceps. Dellets try to set the biceps in your opinion. I just missed it. You can have a great looking arm from the last week. You know, everyone thinks the arm is a biceps and triceps. If you look at Ronnie Coleman's arm, I don't know if Tyler has a hip-hop, but I'm not big anymore. The muscle that sits between the triceps and the bicep right here, which is not big anymore. That's called the brachialis muscle. Ronnie's is like this thick. That's why his arm is pushed out this much. The brachialis is one of the most under-trained muscles. The only way to really work it would be to do hammer curls. You can do them with a dumbbell. You can do them with a cable. I like to get the cable handle. Here's your handle. I grabbed the material apart with the handle and I do hammer curls. That really hits right in here. That really jacks that brachialis up. Once again, the wider the brachialis gets the thicker it gets, the bigger arm gets. You can build bigger arms by enhancing that brachialis muscle faster than you can by adding more tricep or adding more bicep to the arm. I think a lot of guys are just missing. We got an outside view, like the Tyler, not an inside view of the arm. You can show the outside. You can say you have a side-chesh shot of Ronnie or something like that. You can do that too. That'll probably show it better or back double bicep. The point is that the guys with the best arms look at really wrinkled. It has a tremendous tricep. You see that peak bicep that you can see that like there's another muscle underneath the bicep. It looks like a second bicep almost in the middle. That's your brachialis muscle. A lot of people don't realize that that's a good third to maybe more than a third of your arms mass. You can't have a good arms without having a well-developed brachialis muscle. That's just the truth of the matter. It's going to AS pipes in your experience as a bodybuilder and then I guess how you coach your clients through it. That's the way to get through post-show blues. You've got to have something that interests you other than bodybuilding because it isn't down or it's like women who go through post-partum after the pregnancy. Or even if you have a plan of wedding, the planning of wedding is more fun than the wedding. After the wedding zone people get bored. They want to get divorced after that. You've got to have something that interests you because after the show, if you put everything into that show, then after the show's over, you've lost your job, you're a girl, you broke up with because she was getting the way of getting ready for the show. Then the show's over and they got nothing. So you got to find balance and understand that there is life after the show. My friend Dave Watson, he worked for Firestone. He was like one of these top mechanics. He always quit his job and always tell him to go out for himself. Two or three weeks before a show. I think he did a purpose because he didn't want to be bothered. After the show's over, before I knew he had his job back, he got your job that you quit. He made up. It's hard. It's hard to focus because you don't care about anything before a show. You remember Kai Green telling me, why wouldn't you pay a phone bill? He said, it's not that important. It wasn't a priority buying chicken breasts and all the stuff I needed for bodybuilding was the priority. I figured I don't need a phone. I just need to be able to go to the gym. That's what happens if the problem is that when the show's over, everything's falling apart around you. So there is a way to balance everything. So that you have your life in balance with the bodybuilding. So when the bodybuilding's over, you still have something to go back to. If you have another interest or you like to, whatever. I don't know, win sur for you. You like to draw. You like to write. You like to do videos for your YouTube channel. Have something else that you can kind of immerse yourself in when the show's over. Otherwise you will be depressed because they'll be nothing for you to look forward to. I have guys that I got them under off season program after the show's over. Then after two or three weeks they're like, I'm just not happy. I got to go back to the contest diet. I'm sorry to disappoint you. I'm like, well, you're not going to make improvements if you don't do an off season. I can't handle it. I'm not ripped because the good thing is that whole body, the whole personality is so invested in how they look now that they can't see themselves not looking like that because then they think they're not going to get enough attention. And they can never go away from that. And so it's a problem. It's a very real type of situation that people face who compete that post show depression. And the way you get past it is you find other things. And it doesn't have to necessarily go bird watching. If you don't like bird watching, find something you like to do. If you love bodybuilding, immerse yourself in your coaching or work out in your Instagram, following or work out a YouTube channel or work on your own supplement line. Whatever you got to do, put yourself into that so that you can just put bodybuilding aside in the sense that that's something most important thing in your life. Last question from Joe is C-880. A couple of days ago, Kai Green posted a progress picture of him, which was allegedly a tolerist into the picture if you're showing it right now. 317 pounds. Of course. So here we go again. Everyone's speculating whether or not it's going to be the year the Kai Green stuff back on stage. And seemingly we've gone through that every year. Kai likes to have fun with the fans. It's entertaining, but whether or not it's actually going to happen is you have to be seen. Question is, do you think we will ever see Kai Green or Sean Roding compete at the Olivia? I think there's a way better chance of Sean Roding being at the Olivia than Kai now. And then Sean is once the trial goes through that he's cleared. He wants to compete. He's desperately wants to compete. He misses it. That's his passion. You know, so the fact that he's not being allowed to compete and it's been what three years almost now. I mean, I feel back for the guy. Now if he did the crime, he deserves to go to jail, obviously. And he will. If that's the case of his founding guilty. However, at this point it's taken so long. But almost, you know, I almost think that they should just let the guy compete already. You know what I mean? Because I don't know why this case is taken so long. I hope it's, you know, this is the last year that he has to deal with it. And he's going to get through it and he'll be on stage again. If he doesn't go to jail, you know. Kai on the other hand, I think like you said earlier, is playing the fan, so to speak. He's teasing us a little bit. He wants to keep us interested in what he's doing because that's how he's making money now. And I don't blame him. That's a good marketing movement is part. I don't think he has any desire to compete. If he did, he would have competed the year Brandon Curry won the Olympia. Because I think that would have been his best chance to win it. Now that Randy's in there, I don't know if he can beat Randy and I don't, and you know, Randy can, is bigger than Kai. He has, you know, younger than Kai. He's got more bells and whistles at this point. So I don't know if, maybe Kai doesn't want to go against someone who's as good as Randy. Maybe he figures maybe he was waiting for someone to come back that was worthy of beating. I don't know, or competing against, I don't think we're going to see Kai on stage anymore. All of these throw in this wrinkle. Dave's obviously now, I mean, as opposed to the year that Brandon Curry won the Olympia. Now Kai has red-tog one as his sponsor. Would that not be, I'm not saying that red-tog one would anyway, again, I don't know what the contractual deal is. Do you think that might play a factor in it as far as if now having that sponsor and maybe that being part of the, I guess, agreements? I don't think Kai would assign a contract that, that made him have to compete. I think he would have said no to that. I think Kai has enough cloud now in the industry that he can kind of set up his contracts the way he wants him. I think he would set up a contract based on his own terms in other words. If I want to compete, I'll compete. But I don't want to be forced to compete, you know, and I don't think he would sign a contract that would make forced into compete. He might be, he might be contractually obliged to tease people that he might compete, but I don't think he's actually got that in his contract. Now, we never know, Kai could wake up tomorrow and he could say, you know what? I feel like he's beating again. I'm going to do it. It would have been nice to see him, you know, maybe jump into the Arnold or something like that would have been great. Who knows? You know, I just don't think Kai wants it anymore. I think he kind of lost that eye of the tiger. I think he loves being big. I think he likes going around and posing and doing his little appearances and doing his Instagram posts and doing his creative YouTube stuff. But I don't think he has that same fire in him to do the Olympia anymore because if he did he would do it, you know, at this point. It's not like he has nothing else going on. It's not like the guy has got, you know, he's filming movies with a rock or anything like that. So there's no reason for him not to do it if he wanted to. I just don't think he wants to. That's going to do this episode of Astabe. Dave's going to have leap priest next so you're going to have that on the channel by tomorrow already have episode of heavy muscle radio with the live appearance of machine Williams and then yesterday's episode of the after hours podcast. For Tyler Short Dave Lumbo, I'm city for review. We'll see you next time. Thank you.