Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X Pro 30 year in a row and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching tasty pastry for the low-car hot tart, we've got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. Today, Palombo and today is Tuesday, August 11th, 2020 and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. As the old saying goes, sometimes you have to strike while the iron is hot and as far as bodybuilding is concerned, earning a convincing win at one of the biggest shows that the season in your pro debut is about as hot as it gets. So if I were advising the Andre Campbell, my advice for him would be to take advantage of the moment. There were so many eyes on that tamper pro lineup that it felt like more than just another regular season show and the fact that the Andre was so electric in that moment when all eyes were on him means that he has everyone's attention right now. This is his moment to strike and if he hits it dead on again, that'll make him one of the hottest commodities in the division. The best selling author, Ryan Holiday, one said, and pressing people is utterly different from being truly impressive. But I think even the powerful Ryan Holiday would be impressed with what our buddy, Mom, Legald, DeRah, has been able to do recently. Despite undergoing spinal decompression surgery a few weeks ago, DeRah's already back on his feet and slowly starting to work himself back into midseason form again. When he's healthy, DeRah showed that he has the ability to be one of the most dangerous competitors in the two 12 division. So if he feels like all systems are a go, I wouldn't be shocked to be wound up making his presence felt at some point before the end of the season. I don't want to speak for anyone else but myself. But I can say personally, I've learned way more from my failures in life than I have from my successes. So if I were a guy who learned a lifetime of lessons and came out stronger on the other side of the way Antoine Valiant has done, I'd be looking at everything that came my way like it was, well, light work. Right now Antoine's night weeks out from making his season debut with the Boston Pro, which will be the first time we've seen him on stage since last summer in Toronto. I'm told that Antoine and his team have done some tweaking to help bring some more balance to his look this time around, which is something every athlete could use more of, to be honest. But if he can deliver on the plan, I don't see why a top 5 finish wouldn't be on the table for the big guy. I've been to a ton of live sporting events in my life and I can say for sure that watching a fighter make the long walk to the ring is one of the coolest things in sports. There's a certain energy in the building that I can't describe because it's one of those things you just actually have to experience to understand. And that being said, following Ashley Hall was when she's locked in for a prep, is a pretty cool thing in its own way too. Over the weekend, Ashley announced that she was planning to compete in the clash world championships at the end of the month, which is one of the few contests on the circuit that she actually has at one in her whole fame career. So if she shows up looking to prove that she's a three-time Olympia champ who still has a lot left in the tank, I don't see any reason why she wouldn't be an automatic top to contender. And that does it for yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning on Day Palombo reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.