I'm Dave Pullumbo, founder of Species Nutrition. I created Species Nutrition with one mission in mind. To provide body builders and serious athletes with no nonsense supplements that work and are backed by science. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body and that lives on in the Species Nutrition line of products. We use only top of the line formulations, toast for maximum results and the best flavoring systems available. I've put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition products. If you want to be your absolute best, join the evolution. Welcome back to live with brought to you by Species Nutrition. I'm Dave Pullumbo and today joining us as our good friend, the stand-able. Stand-alongue, get ready for that California Pro. It's a great honor to be here. I'm going to be here with you. Welcome back to live with brought to you by Species Nutrition. I'm Dave Pullumbo and today joining us as our good friend, the stand-able. Stand-alongue, get ready for that California Pro. In the man's open division, welcome back to the show. Thank you Dave. Thanks for having me. I like the beer. Looks good. Thank you. Are you going to shave that for the show? Yeah, at least one of the studios I've been getting on the show. Yeah. You look like a... I think about that two days. You look like Jessup Wilcox. You know? I think you're a Jessup. The guy from my team. Oh, yes. The German bodyval? Yeah. You look like him. Now, let me ask you a question. It had to be a pretty tough decision to say, you know what? I'm going to go from classic physique to men's open. I mean, that's a huge jump. Obviously, you are bodyval of right from the beginning, but still, it's a little intimidating. Especially since you were placing well, you know, in the classic physique division, what was the final straw that broke the Campbell's back, so to speak? Well, I mean, I started immense physique. I didn't really mention physique. I don't know if you would know that. Oh, I asked her. No, yeah. So I already jumped, you know, from men's physique to classic. Yeah. And then I was just natural progression last year. We were giving you the leap for your limp yeah with Chris. I think we were about 10 weeks out, and I was about ready around 2.30. And Chris was like, that's the last time we, you know, we make that way that 2 or 7 was just too much weight to lose. So, yeah, that's it. Well, there it was decided that we're going to do a bodyval in the next year. And how tall are you? Just on the 5. 10. Okay. All right. So, I mean, 245 is obviously if you're 23 and you're in shape, it's not at that point you weren't big enough for open, but you certainly were way, you were tackled by a sea muscle to make that classic physique class. Yeah. And I wasn't, like, showing my full, like potential on stage, and I was having a flat on stage and just I don't, yeah, they look quite right. So how did you make weight? It all, although shows and actually qualified for the Olympia. That's a miracle in it of itself right there. Well, I qualified for the Olympia the weekend after my, the 2018 Olympia. So I did my first Olympia in classic and then the following weekend I went to South Korea, qualified there. So then I had to hold you out. Yeah, I see you put all that muscle out over the course of the year. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That makes sense. Now, and then this year we had another, like, one of the more silent and because the thing I'm going to be around that weight on the stage with 245, are you still living in the California? No, I moved to Chicago in July first. So I've been in Chicago in our first six months. What are you doing in Chicago? Man, again, I'm like, just happened. I was thinking of moving somewhere else because you know, I mean, I love Belgium, but, you know, nobody left there and I'm sure moved to Wayne, in Northsner. So, you know, you know, that's what I'm saying. And then I was going to go to the next thing about to retire, and then flooring that was the COVID-19 or that stuff. And the gym was closed and, you know, I was expecting to live there. And there was no real reason to pay that much to be there anymore. So, an opportunity came up. My girlfriend, she's others when you're from Chicago. And, yeah, I came with the place, check out the gym, I liked that whole atmosphere. Where do you train over there in Chicago? So I'm training at Chicago Barbel, Tom Towns. It's in Park Bridge, and training with Mendos Bockel from the Underground Athletes, Dr. Anand Rickston, Chris Hester, reaching Silverback. Yeah, a bunch of good guys. And we have a really good energy in the gym. It's really fun. I've been coming to another fund here. Did they still have quads, gym over there? Is this still open? Yeah, quads here? It's like only in maybe five, six minutes, it's going to go in the middle. That's why I know, I've been to that area. That's why I was wondering why you're not there. It just goes, Mendos was saying, you know, he was training on the ground there with the brand-unit and all these athletes. Checked out the place that parking on there. It's just easier to pause gym, it's hard to park there. So I just went there. You could probably walk. You could take a mass transportation. I think I took a bus. I think I took the bus to the gym. What I was there. Yeah, I could totally, I mean, probably if still like, end up training there sometimes. But I once got here, I signed my prep and it was easy to go there and having to put people to train with. So we were just trained, then pause and you know how it is. So just do all the things we need to do. You went from such beautiful weather in California to the freezing, frigid cold winter in Chicago. Are you ready, your mind? No wonder why you have a beer. No one had a dress yet that you have to be like a Viking to live there. You know? You go right now. I'd say you were going here in California. Not that long. I get loose here. No, no, I know. But actually I'm looking forward to that because I think my group in Switzerland and I live in France obviously. And when it's cold outside, it's much easier to eat. So for me it's hard to eat enough. Yeah, even right now I'm cutting. People asking me when I'm going to start it. When I'm starting my cut because when this, you have much amazing. They don't believe I'm cutting. But yeah, so I'm looking forward to that. And that really good for the year too. I think the Austin is going to be really pretty pretty next year. Sir, Sir is new break. It was also from France used to use to go outside between sets and shivers. And that's how we burnt all the fat. So maybe maybe there's something to it, right? Yeah, it's what he was training for hours to. I know that he had Switzerland. He was drinking Coca-Cola during his workout and for like four or five hours. That's when that he learned how to like snake out. You know like just a tear and a male over the workout. Yeah, that'd be right by again. But I think it's not that hard. First of all, you still like to train volume. He said that's the only person he couldn't finish or work out with. The surgeon, Brey, wanted to kill himself. Yeah. That's what I heard. Yeah, so you're interested. I still think you're crazy. I got to tell you, I understand why you left California, but and it's the traffic sucks there too, but then it's weather. I think is it is perfect. Because it never gets too hot there. Like you said, and it never really gets cold there. It's kind of like the perfect weather. But sometimes you can stagnate in that kind of a situation because it's like it never changes. You know, that's everything. Yeah. Yeah. But I mean, honestly, when I was thinking more to move to Florida, I come to a flex Lewis. But in April or something, I was thinking about it around Bocca Ratona. But just the opportunity here, I can't just say, it's not bad. But it was good opportunity. Honestly, everything is falling into place. So it's working great. The airport is pretty close. So I'm looking like, or during when I'm not competing, doing more traveling and going to more shows and doing more collaboration with different people in the industry. Yeah, you've got my social media even more. Hopefully. Yeah, I like to do more things with more athletes. Because in California, it's so expensive there. Yeah. You can have to stay there. Here, I really need that chance to be able to travel around their old US. Yeah. The truth is for you, it doesn't pay to stay in a place that costs a lot of money to live. Because you can do what you do, no matter where you are. You can do it in a basket. You wanted to. I mean, really, you think about it. I mean, you made sense before. When I first got here, obviously training was shown running from Charles Glass, Cycle Fitness, all these guys, but not that opportunity and I've learned a lot. And that's all that is going away in a sudden sense. You just need to make sense and more. So that's why I wanted to get back to work. Like, you're just kind of a atmosphere having like, that's why I really started talking to Flex, but I wanted to be like around other people. Right. We're, you know, we're training together. And here we can have the same, you know, energy like, Bernard Rixen and obviously training to, from carrying style on the men's music division. We have like, Chris Esther was like really hungry to get his pork hard. The national is this year. And we have like people already like flying here to like, you know, get some training session with us. And so it's really coming together nicely. Now, are you had a good relationship with obviously Sean Rodney when you say Sean, that's your referring to in case you don't know. What's going on with Rodney? Have you, do you speak to him regularly? So. Yeah. I mean, I'm going to meet him this week. So I'm going to meet him next week with the finish my prep with him. I just want to, you know, go back to the room and train with him. I was going to ask. Oh, you're in charge of that. You moved back to, you go back to California to finish training with him. Well, they're sure what she's supposed to be in that race. I'll write it. And that is actually a day. It's right. Sorry. The show is in Vegas that they moved in. Yeah, they moved it to Vegas. So, you know, that just, this information came last week. Right. You know, I talked to him. He wants to come and support me. Good. So what's going on with Sean? We get to see his case coming up or what's what's the progress report of him? I don't know. We talked about all things, but like, I know it's been on a whole so far. So I'm not really asking until once something comes up and he has a date, he's going to tell me. So there's no trial date yet. I mean, I know you kept being postponed. I can't see positive to be an away from all. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. So then he kept, you know, with the whole virus and all that, like, the opening and re-crossing. Yeah. I don't know exactly what it was right now. Do you think they'll settle the case before the Olympia? I'm also. Yeah. I know he's trending like he's doing his insurance. So, five, he might as well. And he's the case comes up before the Olympia. And he wins, you know, and he's exonerated, then he can do the Olympia. Obviously, he got to be in shape. Yeah. He can't start training, you know, two weeks before the show for it. Obviously, you know. Yeah. But that's why he did last your own story. We're helping him out. Could be able to compete. And he was right. But he knew he wasn't going to do the show. I mean, he knew that the case wasn't coming up before. He was just training and hoping that we would let him do it. You know, right? Yeah. I've been facing the difference. If the case is settled, you know, the definitely in the Olympic doing it. Because they wanted me to show, obviously. I would think. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Of course they wanted me to be six, almost what Flex Lewis, Vector, Jackson, feel he's running through. Yeah. And Sean, we find Mr. Olympia crazy. And then it's going to be far. Yeah. Yeah. That's not that. So you're going to be doing the Cal Pro, which is now been moved to Las Vegas. So they're doing it in some kind of big hanger where they hold parties and stuff like that, which is smart, which is smart. I always said, I'm surprised all the shows that I'm going to be. They should be like, you know what? We're a rogue state. We don't give it crap. What the rules are? We're open for business. That if I'm shocked that Vegas hasn't done that, that's that was always their whole stick. We're open for business. We don't care what the other state's doing. You guys want to come here. You can hope whatever you want. That they would make a fortune if they did that. But yeah, I don't know either. But like, I know why they're doing that in Tampa, I can't know. And yeah, just the only thing is, I don't know exactly how the situation in Tampa, like the audience, I think they still allow some people to come watch the show. I'm not sure. But in Vegas there's no audience. There's only like 50 people. Oh, really zero audience. Okay. I don't know. Yeah. I don't, I don't, I'm surprised Vegas doesn't say F you and do whatever they want. That's always been there. That's always been there. That you also have the Chicago pro coming up after that. So that which we perfect is isn't your backyard right there. Exactly. Unless they move it. Yeah. The Chicago having problems is, well, I what that's what I was going to ask you. What's the status update over there? Oh, that's why I also have to be here is get everything just, you know, it's life files you're home here. I mean, of course you have to wear your mask and stuff. Yeah. But for the most part, it's a it's regular life. It's not that impact that we are thinking we're pretty like one of the big cities that are the lowest number of cases. So it's pretty pretty good here. Yeah. What's good? So when you go to the gym, are you concerned about getting anything like that? I'm not concerned at all. I think, you know, I think I think virus is going to run for a long time. If you catch it, you know, you know, everybody is trying enough to fight it. I believe I also got it like early on because I was struggling on the ground this time, but that's how we got sick then. So I got some kind of flu like last week of this time or first week of January last year. I was out for like two weeks. It was pretty strong. Like the one you might have. Yeah. So and I went to Asia and yeah, I traveled a lot. I think this time were last year. Maybe. I don't know. What do you think your way on stage? I mean, I don't really care. Like I just want to come really, really feel like, you know, like for conditioning, plastic, plastic stuff. But I think I'll be around 24 years. I was there last year. After the Olympics, I did my first showing, you know, I learned that the, I really, probably tell me. We're really well-clawed and late in the Asia. I were competing to. Right. And I was 220, 4 back then. And Tyler, man, was judging the show. It told me, he come back with 15, 20 more pounds. You should be really competitive. And that's pretty much what that were. Well, good luck. You know, we love you. We, I mean, you're a character. I'm glad that you're not afraid to take that jump and evolve with the times. And because a lot of guys are afraid to make the jump. We saw George Peterson make it successfully from classic to two, 12. Obviously going through the opposite. A little more difficult, but you're a tall bodybuilder. And I think you fit perfectly into that realm. And let's face it. The guys today and not as big. I mean, the guys that are doing well, I should say. It's the shape and the condition guys that seem to be placing well. So I wish you the best luck in, in Bolin Vegas, but it's really the calpurau. Yeah, thank you very much. Yeah. But for me, it's just, like, naturally, volition. Of course, like, you know, I've learned from Sean like, my strength's never going to be like being the mass monster. Yeah. So I'm always, always, always, we like more of my shape and bring that classic color. But the way that I'm in classic was just to low for me. Yeah. And some people were told me why you didn't do, uh, to 12. It just, five times. I was already like 20 pounds over 25 pounds over last year, but to 12. So like, there's no, no, he makes no sense for me. Yeah. Well, hey, Sean, you already. Yeah. Sean, wrong wasn't the biggest guy won the Olympia. So I mean, look at the, it's conditioning. Sean, he was a pressure presentation. Yeah, that's all important. Yeah, exactly. So he was only 238, 21. Yeah. I mean, he's got, of course, you know, uh, crazy aesthetic, like, small ways to know all that stuff. But that just shows you don't need to be, like, new to a stage. Now, if you come really clear, there will be a condition and then you nail all your presentation. You're imposing it on point. You can really, uh, I think you can get away today in the big shows. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You want to spot the fake idea responses? Yeah. I'm going to thank Olymp's for nutrition and traffic and nutrition. I can carry me and allowing to have the best, perhaps, you know, like, to be a career so far. So it's, I mean, traffic and nutrition is really making really easy for me to have my food, you know, deliver it every week. Okay. But, um, you know, how much put it is important for us. So I think this really, um, the daily basis and we'll have to worry about it. And it's, it's a huge plus and all this for nutrition, just makes everything else easier. Um, and of course, I want to, you know, thank my coaches, uh, Chris Asido, always the best trainer coach out there. And I'll never, never doubt that he important things. If everything is just worked and, um, men's buckle since I've been here and, uh, Chicago is to interfere with me here. Uh, we got. Thank you, Ross. And we're working on my four things up in this kind of course, on the FBI, my overall presentation on the stage, we need to audition for everything in this. Thanks to all this people. Well, tells you, you got all the boxes checked off their stand. Uh, best of luck. Uh, we'll keep us updated and, uh, we're rooting for you to hopefully, uh, crack that top five over there in the CalPro. All right. Thank you very much, Dave. All right. And now guys, that's going to take us to the end of another episode of live with brought you by Species Nutrition. I'm Dave Palombo. First, stand em' we'll see you next time.