Welcome back to live with Brought to You by Species Nutrition. Visit speciesnutrition.com. I'm Dave Palombo and today's guest is a well-known internet celebrity. He was the champion at the San Marino Pro in the classic physique division and he's going to the Mr. Olympia in a few weeks from now. We got him on the show by popular demand. Man only needs one name. Stanimal. Welcome. Thank you very much Dave. Thanks for having me. You know you made it. You have one name that identifies you to the whole industry. It's like Madonna. Stanimal. I love it. I had with the name come from. It's an expression in France like when you say like look at these beasts like a guy like you know, freaky looking, boy impressive. You say, I'm just telling you, I'm just telling you, you say wow, that's Stanimal's huge stuff. It just stuck with my name. It's the same thing as it's got stem in there but it has nothing to do with Stan. It means actually you know, this animal guy you know. Exactly. That's why you would say, well, just be a student French with it. Wow, Stanimal. I like that. I like that. I just how you would say. So it's really Stanimal. It's not really right? Is that a preface? Yeah, I say Stanimal because it's just more international but in French you would say Stanimal. Now you do have a French last name. Your real name is Stan Delongu right? Yeah, that's right. Stan Delongu. Yeah. Delongu. I might French is not so good. I took Spanish and school. Right. You know, Stan, you have an interesting story because you're one of these guys and I've been to a few people like this. They've lived pretty much in a lot of different places. You grew up in Paris. You moved to Virginia, moved to Nigeria. You were in Switzerland for a while. Now you're in the US. What is it like growing up in so many different places like that? Well, Nigeria, I don't have much, much memories of it. But I don't know. I always been very attached to that part of my story. But yeah, it's very interesting because you see different cultures. You can see things from a different perspective. When I grew up in France, I was very proud of being French. When I left France, we would just have to the first walk up we won in the United States. So I came to Switzerland. I'm very proud of being French. And then I saw the first group of Swiss people who saw all these French people and so proud of me. So I guess, you know what I mean? It just won the walk up. We see it every day because they watched French television. And it was a little bit too much for them. I was first at the end of the stand and I started getting there, you know, the point of view. So it just opens up your new perspective a lot. Are French people of notches? You tell me. I don't have any, I never had any, probably French people. But why do the French hate Americans so much? Are you always here that? Is that true? No, no, no, I don't think so. No, I don't think so. No, no, I'm not. Me, for sure, not. A lot of Americans say when they go visit France, they get, they don't get treated. Well, I don't know. I've only been dealing with things yet. People sometimes in France to get a little, I'll say that. But no, I'm American people, just assume everybody's being English. Don't say I thought everyone does to get English, though. Yeah, usually, but that's why the thing like Americans just don't make the effort of trying, you know. Yeah, that's the only thing. No, of course, no, and not everyone's to the exchange. But we do think, I think Americans do think that's 100% accurate. And they think that if you speak louder, that the people who don't understand you will understand you better. No. Yeah. Yeah. Talk, let's talk about how you got into this sport to begin with. Because being a guy who is moving all over the place when you're younger, where did you actually get into just the bodybuilding? Who was like your first person you looked up to and said, wow, that's what I want to look like? It's an interesting question. I always played a lot of sports. When I grew up, I was playing judo tennis, soccer, fan saying, I was actually French champion of fan saying when I was like, eight years old. That's a good title to have in France, too. They really are doing it and everything like that. And sword fighting is important, right? And French. I actually my master was a world champion in 94 with a French team. So I went to a really good school. Then I started playing basketball. And since I love basketball, I was looking up to the NBA and the guys were built more than European players. So that's when I started training more, doing push-ups, all kinds of things. Slowly got into the gym. And then when I didn't have really time to train as much for sports, I just, you know, it was part of my identity to be active and being, you know, like fits. So I couldn't just stop sports altogether. So that's when I started picking up on the lifting weight. I actually started in my bedroom for about a year, making sure I was, you know, committed enough to get a gym membership and not just being one of these people, get gym membership and pay every month for nothing. Right. So once I saw it was really hooked, I joined my first gym. And that was in January 2006. And I've been training since then. I never had the pretension of competing at all at first. And she liked to go kind of around 2013, that's when I started having the idea of competing. And of course, I was looking up a lot to what I, I think what started me when I was really young is watching Dragon Bozy. I don't know if you know what it is. It's like Japanese camp in comics. I think that's what got me into that a little bit. And then yeah, when did you know you were good? When did you know, hey, man, I'm really good at this. I mean, this is something I can do for a living, you know. I never thought, I don't, I think I just, it's when I started putting stuff out there, you know, in social media, it was on buddy when I'd come, I'd show it to myself, so I had putting some pictures and you know, because you had like, I don't know if it's still to them. They had a buddy space or something. And you could put progress pictures and stuff like that. I don't remember that. And by the moment I just, yeah, and at the same time, they were starting Instagram. So I was starting putting pictures on both platforms. And I started getting some feedback. So and at the same time, actually, they came up with the men's music division. So a lot of people were saying, oh, you should try, you know, men's music show. And you, you're like, you're lean, you got a nice build. In my first show, got a third place. And then I moved on. I came, I wasn't really beat my first show in Nassau Mania in Paris. And then I, that was when I finished college at the same time. So I decided to come to United States for, you know, five week vacation, enjoy, you know, the bachelor degree and all that stuff. And what I was, you know, I did a couple more shows. Got second in Nassau Mania World Championship, men's music. And then I went to, I did an NPC show in between. And that's when I saw the big difference in between, about some mania NPC. I was having just the athletes who are not, well, they're not completely watching the show. You actually have people coming to watch the show, you know, and you see a lot of people. So I'm just a right away that that's where the, it was, we happening, you know, we think we should, I want to make a carry out of it. I had to move into the industry journey NPC and we beat pro league. And so I got lucky because what I was here the first day I came in 2013. Could just make that to understand the timeline. In 2010 was the first time I came to United States and came to experience the life here in, you know, goals in Venice. I was here for about 10 days and did like the West Coast World trip to usual thing. And I really wanted to meet Jack Harper. And so the last day I was here, I got lucky enough to see him. That was just before his last title. And I was like four, five, six weeks out from the Olympic Games 2010. And when I came back in 2013, I was the first day I went to the gym. I was training legs and the guy who came dressed right after me. He asked me if he was the leg press would be was Jack Harper. Oh my god. So I was funny. So then I started talking to him. And they, you know, they fully, they probably know him. They've my max. So he was there with that, with Jay and Jay was trying to really understand why I was saying. So he, I was talking, speaking French today, and they would translate to Jay. I was trying to say, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, because my accent was even worse than now. Yeah, I was doing this. And so then after you know, we spoke for like maybe two hours at Jay and Jay to keep a picture and put it on Twitter and wish me good luck with my next show. The next day, Jay was into doing the next third Jack Jackson. So he took me brought me with him to that maximum store where we needed the interview with the techs, sir. I met Dexter and then I got offered by the owner of the store a job to work there under the table. What I was saying there. I just said, yeah, of course jumped on the screen and he said, I wouldn't use my savings on my savings at once and maybe we were able to stay longer. Yeah. And what I was saying there, then Jay said, oh, this is the next point of January. Would stay and want to come and help me. Dave asked me that was of course. I could, you know, get the opportunity to spend some time with one of my idols. Right. I love to. So now I have to post for my flight of first time. And what I was saying there, I met the guy wanted to send me to the owner of classic to try to get my pro card in 2014. And I got my pro card in Man's physique with the help of buddy by Kirk and Chilik who was coaching me. And my company was the Mr. Olympia. And the time he had been with my posing because the posing was the main thing I needed the help was. So that's how I started and then was the getting my pro card. I've been able to apply for the visa and getting my visa being able to stay. So I never left and yet. Wow. So that's it. The real cool story. You know, the one person you wanted to see, you meet him on the last day, you hear pretty much. Yeah. It's crazy. You know, I always say this is no such thing as coincidence. So yeah. I mean, it was really just the right time. Really like when I came back here in 2013, it was everything just clicked. And just everything happened one after the other and just yeah, now I'm here. I call it for the Olympia. I know. We're going to talk about that in a minute. Why do you think you're so popular in social media? You have like 180,000 followers on Instagram. What what is it about you that people find interesting? Well, I think I think my story inspires a lot of people because a lot of people are like me. I'm training with Sean Rodin for example right now. And I met him in 2013 at the Fibo. I thought with him for like a as long as like when people were being really boring, you know. And then I came when I came here, I saw him at the golf. And he was like, oh, you're here. I'm still trying to follow that dream. And after that after a few months later, he was like, you see, yeah, I just got one from Carter. And then moved to class. I mean, you know, it's just everything been happening for me like this. The same thing was to come on when I came here in 2013. That's when I met Kelanton Mugger. He was, he had like 5,000 followers at the time. He was just really starting. And we became friends. And I've been lucky. I think one of the main reason is being here at Golgimp Venice. I'm the chance and you're planning to meet a lot of influencers and people were in the industry. And I've been lucky to like build a relationship with these people. And you know, you, so people start seeing you, you know, on their social media. And then they're like, who's that guy? I see him on this guy's page on this guy's page and then they want to know more. And then they learn the story and they're like, oh, this is inspiring. And maybe I can do that and then they just, you know, start following you too. So, you know, it's interesting because you know, a lot of people feel that Golgimp Venice is not is not, you know, significant anymore. You don't need to go there because of social media. In the back, in my day, people would make pilgrimages out there. But maybe not, maybe it is important because there is a lot of people there. And like you said, there's a lot of networking that's going on still in that gym. And you obviously took advantage of that. Obviously, your physique speaks for itself because you had a great year last year. You had a number of shows. You play started the Fragna Legacy Classic. You won the San Marino Pro in the Classic physique division, which qualified you for the Olympia, which you'll be competing in a few weeks now. I mean, you're living in the dream. Oh, yeah, absolutely. It's, it's, yeah, it's an absolute dream come true. When I've stopped and think about it, I just, I just can't believe it. You know, I have to pinch myself a few times a day. You always had legs. You got good legs. Like, why did you even do men's physique to start off with? Why? Because there was no classic, is that was why you were doing it? Yeah, exactly. There was no classic physique. And so I was too small to do anything else, you know, really. And I was considered myself a bodybuilder. You know, I got a wistring the whole body. I was thinking the whole world was symmetry. I didn't want to just look good in chores. I wanted to have a balance. So, and I always looked up to the old school physique, got Paris and Lille Brada, some European, all these guys always inspiring me. This had to be some European, it also played a big role in my tradition to classic physique. So, does it taught me how to pose? Yeah, that's, that's impressive. Yeah, I mean, I mean, yeah, I'm team and really don't mind. That's the thing. You hear, it's the goal, and then it's still the make out to me. I was a bit everybody. Everybody wants to, everybody comes here, at least once, you know, and you make a next-gen, you do collaborations, there's so many things to do. I was going to ask you, you know what? Because you mentioned Roy Leadermar. You kind of pose very similar to his, because you got a similar physique. But I was wondering, yes, is that why you grew the beard to look like more? Probably in the back of my mind, I had such a conscious knee. I couldn't be. You guys look like twins now, right? He still looks great. Yeah, he looked amazing. He looks amazing. I got to get him on that. I got to get him on the show one of these days, and he's got a great story. Oh, he got some amazing story, a lot of them. Yeah, he can just tip him top for like the whole day. He wouldn't be down with all these stories. No, you know, it would just be a six-part interview. Oh, yeah. He's a great story, tell her too. He's just, yeah, he's got like a photographic memory. He doesn't even remember every detail. Oh, every detail. Yeah. Now, stand up. You just started working with Chris and Cito for the Olympia. How did that come about? Well, I've got the huge opportunity and chance to be able to follow Sean Rodin the last two years of the Olympia. And so that's when I met Chris, because he, you know, he checks on his artist every two hours, between, you know, each me. So we can tell them what they're going to get the next. Yeah. Next, you know, and so I got the chance to meet him and seeing how he would be worked with Sean. And, you know, I was coming for men's physique. I don't think he ever coach any men's physique. So I never really think about having a coach of his caliber before. And then I was doing my show. I think before the very no last year, I was doing the best particularly well-guest second place. And that's when I wanted to maybe work with him. So through Sean, I sent him some pictures and he said, you know, great, you know, we took close the show to me to step him and try to change anything really just not enough time and you doing really good job by yourself. So we didn't work for that time. But after our qualified for the San Marino Pro, I decided that when I did the San Marino, the first of all, for the first, you know, the immersion he showed, because like, he made better conditions. I loved that, you know, a little percussion, percussion on the mic or something. So then I had to drop another six pounds and I had a few hours to do that. Oh my god. What? Let me ask you a question. Don't you think your situation have like a one height and they should give you a card that has your height on it. So you don't have to keep getting measured in every show? Absolutely. We were just talking about that with Jim Manion, Tyler, and it just makes sense. Once you turn pro, you should have, you're high to register it and that's it. Right. And why should you be stressing out not knowing if you get to make weight because they're going to measure your wrong. It's stupid. Yeah. It's too, it's really hard and really stressful for sure. No one's growing at this stage unless you're under 18 years you should have a standard card of what your height is. That's it. You know? Yeah, and if you're really you're growing, you can maybe like, you know, ask for a remission and do something. Right. Right. But yeah, I totally agree. I should have that, you know, and it would be easier also for the after checking, you know, just come in. There's this next to your name, the way you have to make, you are either under or you're not. Yeah, much easier. Much easier, much easier. Now, you're also going to be promoting a pro show in France. That's going to be exciting, huh? Pro qualify for it. Pro qualify. Excuse me. Which is even better? Yeah. You'll make more money. Pro qualify. I want to do pro for a show later on, but I want to make sure I run the show. It's going to be my first show. So I want to be sure it's, you know, runs smoothly and everything, you know, it's with the athletes, so then I can bring pros and they can have a really enjoyable experience with them. Being an athletes myself, I know how it is and I don't want them to be, you know, not in good conditions to compete. What part of France you get hold of it? We just figured out right now, probably the pro qualify for it would be in Leon, because it's close to the, you can think either access through the Geneva airport or French airport, and then you have trained quickly. Oh, good. Yeah, to be able to. That's smarter. That's very smart. Well, Stan, it sounds like you're doing great. Obviously, you got a couple. You got what, five, six weeks now, till the Mr. Olympia competition, will you be doing a classic division there, go up against Brianna Ansley and Chris Bumstead and all the top guys in the division. Yeah, actually, you got to be super psyched to be standing on that stage. I'm really pumped for sure. Especially like, once before, that I used to do like, I chose a year or so. So I never had that time to really grow. So this year, I've been at the chance, you know, like, what if I early enough ever. So I had the whole year to really make some, you know, pretty, I think big changes. Yeah, absolutely. And I, and I stayed really, I haven't put it any of the pictures. So nobody really knows how I look at it. I'm a smart, smart man. Very smart. Playing playing it old school. I got a call for a first to see. Don't get some tax messages of your pictures sent to me. So I can see what you look like. Yeah, you sure won't. Sure. But yeah, keeping it rubbing like, oh, we've up and actually everybody posting the pictures. So it's good for me. I know like I can really bring that element of surprise. And I also had the chance to train with Chris Bumster that was your last week. Right. And I also train with Brian last Sunday. He's going to put weight actually tomorrow. And yeah, so in the region is a good friend of mine. We train together last year with Sean when he was getting a leap of temper. So it's going to be fun to be on stage with all these guys. Of course, Danny Hester is a long friend. Like, long time friend of mine also. Being able to be on stage a bunch of friends is really like bringing the old school. I feel like really bringing you know the bumping Aaron spirit. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I think together going on stage together. Good com Rotterie. Yeah, exactly. I told you guys are standing on stage and you all want to beat each other's ass. You know, so I don't think that's really my type. I mean, I want to win for sure. Of course you want to win. Don't, if you said anything other than that, I wouldn't believe you. Stand best of luck. You live in the American dream here and everything's going great for you. And I, so happy to hear that. And if you want to. So what's the name of your, your Instagram is Santa Bull 9. Correct? That's right. Yeah, Santa Bull 9 is my uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh where it's everything in French. It's different content, but just uh um right. I want to address you know, both public have so they can really understand me and and if they want to follow both pages then I could, I at least have something different on the page. What do you, YouTube channel? It's Stan Emole in two words and I'm vlogging every day to the to the Olympia. I've been, I've been doing so many days so far. So people have been that. Yeah, I've got a lot of people following that journey with me uh uh, it's a great support too. It's been exciting because they see like the change and they just see on my face because they don't see my physique. It changed a lot already and I think that's the, that's the, I mean, honestly, I think it's the best part about the Olympia is that journey to the show and being able to share with with people because I'll put you some, I'm not a huge UFC fan or anything but like if I watch the UFC fight and I see the guy, the art is getting ready for the show like for the fight. I like I want to root for that, that's the guy I'm rooting for that. I get attached to him and that's what I like the most is seeing that journey to the fight that what leads to the fight, the fight itself, I don't really care myself and I think that's what people really care also because they see the attitude on stage being, you know, looking amazing, all that but don't see all the hard work that comes of course. That's they want to see the process. Yeah, they want to see the process exactly. So I'm showing, I'm sharing that raw process really like low editing but I'm able to post videos every day but yeah, it's pretty fun. That's the lock up on that Olympia stage. We'll see in Vegas in September and hopefully you'll emerge as the new champ. Thanks very much. I'll visualize that every night so hopefully you worked. Thanks a lot and that's going to take us to the end of another episode of live with brought to you by species nutrition visit speciesnutrition.com. On day polon boat we'll see you next time.