RXMuscle.com! Now, you have a place to turn when you want the truth. On bodybuilding diet exercise, up to the minute news and more. Visit theRXMuscle.com forum, featuring celebrity Q&As, with IFBB Professional Athletes, top-amateurs, and brightest minds in the industry. Visit our weekly radio shows, including heavy muscle radio, muscle girls, eight cast-throwers and more. Contest coverage videos, even our own social network excite RXMuscle place. Visit RXMuscle.com! Sivvy Muscle. 3-0! Our next guest is not only the first daughter of the WWE wrestling organization. She's also a client of mine, and a mom of three, and it's my distinct pleasure to have Stephanie McMahon. Hey babe! Hey, Steph. How are you? I'm so happy. You know, it's funny because we did the little interview with you. We showed some of the pictures when you were pregnant to what you look like now. The pictures are a Christmas and a lot of you. And I got so many regular women emailing me and messaging me on the barric... about what you did and what I had you eating. They were so amazed because they felt like, they could relate to a little better because you're not like a fitness or figure competitor. They compete on stage, but you're kind of like a regular person to them in their mind. How difficult was it to get a girl from being a girl who's in shape, to getting out of shape, being pregnant three times, and then getting yourself back into the shape that you are in right now? Well, let me start by saying that I am a regular girl in terms of, I'm not the kind of girl that's always been skinny, that you know, always looked great or anything like that. I always have to try to eat right, to keep my weight down. I just have a tendency to get weight. And you know, I don't think that I would ever say that I looked good before I started working with you and I'm not to say a math. It's really true. I mean, I've never been as lean as I've been until I started working with you. And then I've never put on the kind of muscle that I hadn't still I've been to. I started working with Joe DeFranco. So, you know, I would say that I am a regular person and it's just getting the right kind of advice. You know, and what works for you is an individual and sticking to it. Yeah, that's really the key. You make a very good point. And I know everyone who's listening to his interview is saying, talk about the wrestling. And we're going to talk about wrestling a little bit, but I want to make this point because we had Joe DeFranco on the show a little earlier. And you know, we talked about your training. And so you obviously, you know, rather than try to just roll the dice and try to figure it out for yourself, you basically went in your hired someone and do something about diet myself. Obviously, your hired Joe's new about training. And you really got great results. And you're probably saved yourself a lot of frustration in not doing things the right way. Do you think that a lot of people out there who are frustrated with the way they look should employ people? Even if they maybe can't afford it, go that little extra rat to teach themselves exactly what they should be doing the right way. I think definitely, I'm not feeling for me to take as I can afford it. But it took me 30 years of frustration before I found you guys. I've been in there. I know what that feels like. And you read books. It's as learned as much as you can. And you talk to people who have success and it's just not the same thing. But even still just hiring people. You have to hire the right people. And that's what makes the difference. You really have to get the advice from the people who know. Right. And how did you go about finding gel for instance? Well, you know, I'm really lucky because I happen to be married to this guy who's really into fitness. I hear you, sir. There's a lot of research and you know, he's got a lot of connections, you know. You know, I've obviously taken my husband that's how I met Joel and that's how I met you. And I was really lucky that way. But, you know, I can't say enough about the two of you in terms of the things that you guys have been able to do for me. Obviously, he has been being a WWE superstar triple H. That's right. For those who do not know. And he, you know, the funny thing is that he does do a lot of research because I know he does. And no, it's weird. But you would think like someone can win at the time. But he does read the magazine. He does read the message boards. And he does study that. He does study that. He works at all times. Yeah, he studies. And people don't realize you have to do that. If you want to find out the best information. That's really true. And that's, you know, that's another thing is you can do some research on your own. Whether it's to find the right people or whether it's just to learn as much as you can. And then try different things and see what works for you because I think everybody type is different. I know I've worked with other very successful, you know, nutritionists and all that. Before that just didn't get me as lean as I wanted to be. Or as lean as I've been able to get now. And, you know, it's been successful for other people just didn't work for me. You've got to try different things and see what works. Were you traumatized? But literally after putting on, I mean, when you got pregnant, you gained a lot of weight with these child. Was that mentally, like, really screwing you up a little bit at some point? After the first one, yeah, I got tangled. I, I, I had a third of a title. But I was 80 pounds pregnant with, I gave 80 pounds pregnant with my first child. And, um, when I looked down, I'll never forget that day. When I looked down and I saw those cancels that was the day I decided. I was going to change my body. And I couldn't wait to do it. But at that point, you can't start dieting. Now, what is it? It must be frustrating because I mean, you're pregnant. I know you want to have the baby. Obviously, that's a deprive of experience. And I'd say, when you see your body just like falling apart like that, I mean, as, you know, you've always been an athlete. I mean, you've always trained and you've been in a household of people that trained. I mean, how do you let go of that and just say, okay, you know what? I have to eat nine months and then I'm going to get back and shit. Well, you know, I'm kind of an extremist. You know, it's, I'm either dieting or I'm really not dieting. And, you know, I'm going to get to the point about being pregnant. But, you know, so I had to diet for so long to try to stay in the best shape that I could that when I got pregnant, I just went hog wild and eat everything I've ever wanted to eat. I think one entire life, multiple times a day. You know, you can't have many vitals when you're pregnant. You can't drink. You can't even take antibiotics. So food is really your only comfort. And I definitely indulged. And it was a slow process in terms of how you lose control of your body. But your body is going through so many things anyway. And it is so exciting on an emotional level that you're creating this baby inside you. But at some point you do look in the mirror and go, holy, I'm gaining so rich weight, this is ridiculous. And when the doctor told me I was gaining too much weight and then I looked in the mirror and realized, oh my god, you just have to stop. But then at that point I kind of couldn't stop. It was very hard mentally. And I think a lot of women go through that. They do, and not only they go through it, but then after they give birth, they continue in that eating pattern. And they seem to get even worse. How did you say to yourself, enough is enough? The buck stops here. I'm going to get myself back in shape because I imagine that must have been very difficult. It is the hardest thing. I think when you gain a lot of weight, too little, I don't know, because at least in my case, and I think a lot of women are like this. I'm an emotional eater. And it's kind of like the more depressed you get, the more you say it's good and the more you eat, and the more you don't train. And it's this vicious cycle. And I don't know why it's that way, but it just seemed to be that way. And I just got sick of myself being so grotesque. You know, I looked in the mirror, and I just thought, I don't have to look like this. And actually, I got a lot of inspiration from Jenny McCarthy's book, her first book, She Dain D80 Pounds. Wow. And with her baby, and she was making, she made a big joke out of it, obviously. But she said a lot of really key points. And it's things that I could relate to. Like that she said, you know, I realize that I could eat just one brownie, I didn't have to eat the whole pan. Wow. That was me. I definitely ate the whole pan. And the thing she described the way her body looked, that was just me, I went through all of those things that she talked about. And it actually really did help me. And I just got tired of looking at myself in the mirror. That's the short answer. And you know, but people don't realize though, also, you're not only, you're a real hands-on man. You don't have like a million helpers with you. I know you like to do everything yourself. Plus you worked full time at the WWE headquarters. So you really don't have a lot of time. And you have to literally go home at night after a full, full day where most people would be ready to collapse. And then you've got to start doing your work at a lot of times. Yep. That takes a lot of discipline. It does. But you know, I'm like I said, I'm either one way or the other. And I love training. That problem has always been food, but my problem has never been training. I love to train. You know, I love the challenge. I love to drive. I love to beat my goals. I love to, you know, it just just is a stretcher. Leave her for me. It's, you know, it just keeps me going. I really do love that training and that intensity. And it makes me feel better. And it makes me want to eat better. I tell people that all the time when you start training properly. And, and, and, and, and resting properly. Your body craves good food. And so you can't start eating well until you start training. Almost. It kind of goes hand in hand with each other. And you obviously were exposed to working out and eating well. And a very young age. Obviously your dad of Ninspickman, who's the headhunter at the WWE. There always worked out as hell. All life. Do you always remember from the minute you were born. Him going to the gym? Maybe not for a minute. I was born. But yeah. We had a gym in our house. And, um, you know, then we're very lucky. And, uh, and I always remember him working out. Always. He was a either on the road on TV or working out in the gym. And, um, you know, I've always wanted to be with my dad. I have a very close relationship with my dad. And I've always wanted to do the thing he did. And, you know, and I fell in love with training. I got introduced to it through him. But the physicality of it, the intensity of it, so, you know, the, um, feeling of accomplishment that he seemed to have after a workout. It just all led me to want to get into gym. You know, and working out is funny because it's not obviously a team's board. And I started doing it myself. You know, and I would just go to the gym during the day and junior high or whatever. And put on the music. And, you know, I didn't really know what I was doing at first. And, um, my brother would show me a couple of exercises. My brother Shane. Right. And some technique. And for the most part, I had to worst technique ever for a really long time. But I still loved it. And I could, you know, it's still the challenge of lifting weight. And all that good stuff. And now my challenge is really different. Now that I'm training for strength and conditioning versus, you know, more of a bodybuilding type training. But I found that the strength and conditioning training really with best for me. That is, does your dad, I think, what does he now 60 something? Yep, 60 something. 60, we don't know what we don't count anymore. This is still training with the same intensity because I heard. Oh my god, yes. He, he, if his goal every day to beat a trainer in the gym, I mean, he tells me all the time how he defeats a trainer. Mike, if it's him. Now, it's funny because I don't know if this is, this is true. You could probably verify this. Triple H told me that, um, the same stuff, some kind of like amounts of squats and stuff like that. Uh, in the gym, like to the point where even triple H feels like he's, he's out of his mind. Is that true? You're that sort of feeling. I'm not going to be a third of viable, my dad. For sure, he shot. Do you think that he, he might have gotten into bodybuilding, how he not taking over the whole wrestling thing from the general age? If you ask him that question, he has a whole variety of answers depending on the day, but I think bodybuilding would always be a part of his life. Yeah, you don't think you would ever compete with him? You know, he could have probably would have been a chapter in his book. That would have been funny if he, if he, if he would have happened because things could be changed. Bodybuilding could have distracted him from actually making real money. So, I don't know enough about it. It's done until a lot of us believe me. Yeah, talk, let's talk a little bit about the early days. Cause you grew up, you know, as the WWE was kind of, I'm still a WWE aspect and we was actually blossoming. What was it like in that environment? Were you on the road a lot or did you stay home or, you know, what was it like back when you were liking your teens? In my teens, you know, I would go to all the big paper views and I'd always go to the garden and Madison Square Garden. Whenever we would come to town and afterwards go out to dinner with my dad and sometimes some of the super stars, it was always very interesting. But when my dad taught me the lesson that, you know, if you want to hang with the big boys, you can't piss with the pup, which actually meant that I had to wait up and go to school the next day regardless of how late you were out. And it was a very different time back then in the 80s and 90s. It was not the place. The road was definitely not the place for young teenage girls. And no, I wasn't really out on the road very much. It actually wasn't until I graduated college. That I started going out on the road. And then I was full time on the road for about 10 years. A little bit more I actually had my first daughter and brought her out on the road. We have a tour bus, so we know we're kind of like the odds of orange. And then when my second child was born brought her out on the road and told us she was about one. And then it just got to be a bit too much. In my response, though, they said the office were growing. So, you know, I don't go on the road nearly as much as I used to, not every week. Now I go about one for a month. And, you know, and then it's all bring me kids.