Do you get recognized in the street a lot? You look very. Definitely not. What about back then when you were on TV a lot more? Not really actually. I mean if I was wish, kind of, they would, you know, but honestly most of the time all the attention goes to him anyway, so I wouldn't really get noticed. And I looked different than I do until he was. Especially at that time, my hair was really curly on TV, and I wore a lot of really heavy makeup, and I don't really do that in real life. Most of the time people look at me kind of like, I think I know you from somewhere, but they can't place it. See, see, you actually, you had no, you really didn't know triple H back then. You just kind of got forced into the skit with, there was written up by the writers. Oh yeah, I heardly known. It's a handy thing. I mean, I know him enough to say hi, and whatever backstage, but I didn't know him at all. How hard is that to, how did you guys actually start dating then after that? Well, it was actually a long way of into the whole shabang met. But the thing is, we just had this incredible chemistry even from the get go. And I would say he did use to come to the production meetings, which is a big meeting that we have. And I, I don't know, I could never stop looking at him. And I said this in the interview in there. And every time he looked at me, I would just blush. I'd just go be red, even just by him looking at me. And that still happened to this day. I just had this incredible chemistry with him. And we started doing the storyline and I think it was really him, it's playable, it's just an unbelievable chemistry. I just wanted to be with him all the time. And how did you dad feel about the fact that you were dating a wrestler in his organization? They were all doing for bidding. I was so lonely for bidding for me to date a wrestler. Holy cow. How did you get over that helping? Well, I think my dad really tried to set us up. Oh, you think he pulled that off so I don't need to. I mean, I don't think he did the storyline to set us up. But I think he knew, you know, we'd call him around here. Yeah. And he knew what kind of person he was. And he always kind of pushed me towards him. You know, I was dating a guy at the time during the storyline. And I was, what always, you know, when talked to my dad about a fight for it, I've heard of him. My dad and my brother would always be chatting after the show. And, you know, after we watched reruns of Nitro and we were laughing about a lot of stuff. And then we, you know, we would just talk. And I'd say, you know, is this normal? This is whatever my dad would always say. We wouldn't be with the guy who's more like AAAAT. How would he say? You know, my brother would immediately jump and, well, I liked your blate, not actually AAAAT. You know, my brother's very overprotective as of my father. So then my dad actually gave us a blessing today. Right. And then took it away. Did he get? Yeah. No, why was that? Because he got so much hate from so many people. And it was a really precarious situation. I mean, there's, you know, AAAAT is one of our biggest stars. And O'Weddy's going to be champion now, because he's married to the boss and got her. And whatever. And O'He's getting all of these, you know, perks and whatever. When really that wasn't the case, I mean, got nobody worked harder than my husband ever. You know, I mean, that, but that's what people were saying. And I think, you know, my dad realized it was going so fast that maybe it was time to hold it up. And I think my mom were the big influence and holding it up. Really? Yeah, my mom thought it was not, it's not, she didn't know my husband, you know, she thought that the whole situation was back. So he took away his blessings. And that made you want to meet him more probably. Actually, no, because there's other stuff going on at the same time. And, you know, we, we decided that we were going to, okay, that's it. Call it quits. And, you know, we still talked every day. Right. But we would just talk business. And, you know, but we couldn't not talk to each other. I mean, and I did, I tried to date other people and he tried to date other people. And, you know, just, I know with me, any time I was ever with anybody else, all I could do was think about him. Wow. And, um, couldn't get away from him. I just, so then we got the blessing again. And it's still that happened right away. And, um, then when it finally did, you know, it was right. Then we were going to give it a shot. Because, you know, if you, if you, if you, if you're to try it, old expression, but it's true if you really love something and you said it free and it comes back. You know, maybe it's meant to be. Yeah, that, that, that must have been tough, especially in your industry. You know, come, show your, you're seeing him, you know, you're dating people. I was married to him and the show. I know, I was. So my heart would break every time. I mean, there's a lot of times in the show, where I'm telling him I loved him. And I meant it, but I couldn't really, me in it. Exactly. You know, I mean, there was a lot of, very interesting backstory behind everyone of those scenes. Wow. That must've been incredible. And really, I mean, that's, that, it's, it took a very tell almost when you think about it, I think about it that would happen. It was, but there was a lot of a lot of heartbreak in the middle. When you, on a lot of sides. Really? Yeah. I believe you on that, a hundred percent. When you actually guys finally did decide to get married and got to blessing and how long did you wait before you said, you know, we want to have kids. It was a pretty quick or it was a to-get. Oh, I wanted to be a mom, my entire life. That's what I wanted to be more than anything else. You know, I loved our business and I wanted to be a mom. So to me, I couldn't have kids fat enough. But we did wait, I think, was about three years before we had our first childhood. To me, felt like an eternity. And I think, in reality, it's really not a lot of people are married a lot longer before they do that. But, you know, I really, I really, really, really wanted to have kids that was just the ultimate thing to me and to empower the ultimate guy. Can't put him over too much. No, you don't want to give me too much kids. You're going to get a little bit of a slow. You can't much of that. I'm going to get a slow a little bit. They had baby too, okay. And that's when I started helping you with the diet. We got you to lose all the weight. You were very happy. And then boom, you went in and got pregnant again. Third time. Yeah. And you had baby number three. Three daughters. I know that you guys love your children because you would love any healthy children. Yeah. But in the back of your head, I know Paul's got to be thinking too. I think they have a son. Are you guys done? Or is there still a possibility of another one? I know, we're done because of other reasons not because of what your body goes through. Right. In terms of appearance. But I would have loved to have had a son. You're probably loved to have had a son too. But, you know, it's not like we don't either. You know, so we have just been awesome. Amazing kids. We really do. And save a lot. You know, a lot. I don't know. Especially take care of. You know, we have people who have more than that. And they say, if you're here with the morning, you have, but no, I think we're done. And what was your, what did your decision come from that you were going to raise your kids? And they were not going to be raised by, you know, helpers or other people who come into your house. You got your very hands on it to you. Well, you know, Paul, in our both fortunate and that our parents are still together. I mean, his parents are, we just came back from, you know, from being with them for the holidays. And, you know, it's just to, to Paul and our raise with the same family values. But a lot of times for me personally, and I can't speak for him, except for what I've seen. And I'm witnessing a really close, tight, loving family. And I, as you I, my experience growing up with very different than his, but I was on my own a lot when I was a kid. And my parents have worn around a whole lot because they were building the business. And I was raised a lot by people I didn't really like very much. And I thought to myself, then, when I was a kid, I'm not going to do that to my kids. I want to be there for my kids. That's a tough decision because people don't realize how busy the two of you are. I mean, really, I mean, you know, why have kids if you can't be with them? You're like, I agree with you. I 100% know a lot of people who are very business oriented. And they, they want to be with their kids, but they don't find the time. You obviously make the time you always have as far as long as I know you. I mean, you guys take them on trips. If you when you have to, when you guys go away on vacation, you take them with you. Of course, not a vacation without your kids. I mean, you know, get away for a night. Don't get me wrong. But every now and then, things went for a year. But, you know, that's a decision that we made. We wanted to have children who wanted to be together. It's about being a family. He has my question because I always, you know, people know your family because they see you on TV. Is your dad and your mom? And I think your mom's, I love your mom. You know, she, she obviously has died with me as well. I hope, is she, is she going to be running for, uh, for fun? Oh, yes, she's trying to get her. She's running again. She's running again. All right. But, are you, are the grandparents supposedly? The grandparents? Can you drop them off at your mom and dad's house? Your kids? And for the night, you will, they watch the grandkids? Yes, but with my parents at that, to be planned. Right. And, uh, because they are so busy. I mean, you know, my dad's on the road all the time. And my mom is running for spending and Connecticut. And she's on the road a lot. But, you know, whenever she can, she's wings by, even on the campaign trail, even if it's for 20 or. And yes, well, first of all, if I ever needed them in a heartbeat day, day, day, day, day, day. You know, but to drop them off for a night, that's like a big kind of commitment. I got you. But, you know, my husband's parents, yep, anytime. That's great. Now, um, what, what made your mom decide to want to run for Saturday? Just at a curiosity, because, uh, you know, I just always wonder what most of the time. I just always wonder what motivated people to do things. Well, I think my mom truly believed, and I do believe as well, that she can make a difference. I just want to. She has business experience. And that's one of the things around the breakfast table, you know, I've moved more of the dinner table in the breakfast table. But that my family would talk about is, you know, politics and trying to just, the lack of, common sense, really, you know, what would when it comes to our government. And the way that money is spent, and when you think about it, that none of these people, I have ever, not none of them, but that a lot of these people have absolutely zero business experience. That they're making decisions that affect the economy of a nation. It's really remarkable. I know they all have created advisors, so don't get me wrong. I'm sure they're really smart people there. But in general, I think you are lacking politicians with business savvy, you know, you need people and I'm talking my opinion, obviously, but this is all what fuels my mom. I've learned a lot since my mom's been running. And, you know, you need somebody in there who has some experience who knows what business people are going through, who knows how to create a business out of nothing like I said before, my parents were bankrupt before. And, you know, I'm sure they came close a couple of other times because they did take risks, but they know what it takes to make it truly, to make it, and to make it happen. And you need people like that. I agree. Why do you think that the process so hard on your mom though? Well, I think the process fueled a lot by, you know, I could do some of the process really good, and some of them aren't, and I think that Connecticut is a very democratic state. And I think that a lot of the media is swayed by that. And, you know, I've followed the media and seen so much of the BS and the hype that it's just difficult to spend. We're low-ending fruit and why not, you know, go after the Jaguar when you don't want to Republican and offer. Sure. And it's trend, you know, and I think that there's a little jealousy has to be involved in this. You guys own a very big corporation, you know, it's like, people want to, they, the people don't want to see you do too well, you know how that is.