Take us back to when the first WrestleMania was conceptualized. How did you dad come up with that idea? And I know he put, you know, he's stated this in a lot of images before he really put the entire, I guess, his whole bank roll on the line for this event. Well, the idea of what the climate was like right on that. So I was pretty young. So I'll tell this story, but only as I've heard it told. Although I will say I do remember sitting on the Jaiant's lap in the rainbow room after WrestleMania 1. You know, it was a pretty big party. But I definitely have memories of that party after WrestleMania 1 and the whole show itself obviously. But in terms of how it came together, but as the story is told, my dad and my mom took a three day vacation, which they never did. My dad never took vacation. And they were in, I think, for a new dad. And my mom thought that the whole time, you know, they were just having a wonderful romantic vacation and they weren't working. You know, it's so great. And as soon as they got on the plane to go home, my dad looked at her and said, I know what we're going to do. We're going to have the greatest, you know, combination of top culture and the biggest event of all time. It's going to be like our Super Bowl. We're going to have WrestleMania. And my mom, you know, I don't know that they had the term then or any of that stuff. This is just as it's been told to me, but, you know, that was the first my mom heard about it. So the whole trip that's what he was thinking about that whole time. I know it's three days was this, the need I guess. I don't know what his thought process was, but the need for one mega event. You know, that would actually wind up pioneering the paper view industry in 1985. Right. That's right. So he kind of spearheaded this now. When he came up with this idea, was it because he felt that the wrestling needed to be taken to the next level or did he just, I mean, because obviously he put a lot on the line financially, because of this thing didn't make it at here. He probably would have been in big trouble. I assume. Yeah. Well, without questions, you know, my parents have been bankrupt before. My dad's not afraid to try things. You know, and that's one of the things that he always taught us is, look, don't be afraid to fail. It's okay to fail. You just got a win from your mistake and you got to get back up. And you got to try again. And, you know, I think that yes, he's also an entrepreneur and he is going to grow this company into something that no saddened it would be. And in 2012, we announced that we're going to launch a network at WWE Network. Wow. When's that starting? Well, I'm not going to say we're doing a lot of negotiations and all different kinds of things going on. But in 2012, we're going to launch a network. And that's, you know, nobody would have ever thought that this small little regional wrestling company out of the Northeast territory, which started as capital wrestling. And then was the WWE WF, the World Wide Wrestling Federation, and then morphed into the WWE F. And now is the WWE that it would become as global juggernaut seen by over half a billion people worldwide every week. And, you know, I know I'm going to fathom that. No, and how did he come up with the idea that to have whole coag and face off against Andre to giant? And because that's- Well, that was how many it's three. Right. To be clear. Okay. When we sold out the money, I discovered I'm in broke the world into our 10th and 13th record. Was that over 100,000 people? 93,173. That's that time in broke the world into our 10th and 13th record. Why was that? The poll for something broke it after that. That's pretty good second. Yeah, I believe it. Should never have been broken. But what was that like? I mean, did you dad just say I got to do something just super spectacular? I mean, because who would have thought, you know, whole coag and Andre to giant? I mean, and that obviously was the greatest drop probably all time I would think. Well, and that's one of the things to find that you say that because, you know, my dad, people say that he'll never die a happy man, because nothing's ever good enough. And after each one of them, maybe he has over. He's always wondering how he can make the next one even bigger and even better. Yes, it's the top the one before it. Sorry. And that's how driven he is. And he almost can't even enjoy the successes that happen along the way because he's constantly thinking ahead. He's constantly thinking about what's next. Well, this new network is going to seem like it's going to be great. And that's going to be all wrestling all the time. It's going to be a lot of different things. There's going to be a lot of classic programming, which is, you know, yes, a lot of libraries. And, you know, we own the majority of the wrestling libraries of all the territories. So we have all that classic programming plus all of the programming that we've been putting on. We've been on TV. Right. Self has been on TV. Got how many episodes now, longer than last, the longer than Simpson, and that's not even ever been on television. Almost a thousand episodes. You guys are in every word. You guys are in every word. You guys are in every word. You don't think vacations like these other shows. There's no off season. There's no reruns. First, the media won't give us any credit for that. Yeah. You know, you always hear about how, you number one in USA network. It's very proud to be our partner. But unfortunately, the media doesn't always count us the way that I wish that they would. So you guys essentially have made USA network. I would think of the spot. I wouldn't say that, but when we did move, you know, when we did leave USA about 10 years ago, they went from being number one to not being number one. It will be came back. They became number one again. Oh, it's pretty good to us. And the fact, what was it like to meet Andre the giant back in the day? I never had the chance to meet of myself. I mean, it must have been like the biggest human being you've ever seen in your life. I'm sure when you were a kid. Well, my mom tells this story. And this, I don't remember it all. It could be a total magical story. But Andre and I were friends. I'll just say that. And my mom said the first time that he came to the house that we had a trampoline. And it, you know, one of the above ground trampolines in the E.T. Moreover, the house. And apparently, again, I don't remember this. But apparently, he stuck his hand out. And I stepped into his hand. And he brought me up to his face. And I kept him on the cheek. My mom gave me a picture of that moment. I was talking about a WrestleMania one with actually in people. I'm not sure if I could be in people magazine. I've been sitting on Andre's lap. Right. And my mom had a frame for me, and she puts Stephanie's go liver. And then heading on the ring. So it was really cool. But yeah, I've been on Andre. I mean, God, my relative memory is going back stage. I was like, you know, three, four, five years old. And my dad would walk in a locker room and, you know, he'd tell me, hang out a second. And then he'd come back out. And then he would bring me into the locker room. And they're all coming. So he's been sweating as he men with white cow just across their lap. Just so that I could go in and see Andre. I was still awkward. Oh my God, that bleep don't put me in that position ever again. But, you know, in Andre, whenever he would walk back from the ring, he would walk by and I'd be sitting in the stands. And I'd be right on the aisle. He'd get, you know, he would never react to anybody in the arena. And he would never give away who he really was. But he'd walk by many people. He'd be like, oh, that's what he was like. So we would say it. But nobody knew it happened. I did. And I'll just tell one more Andre story. I have a lot of them. But I'll just tell a quick one. Sure. So I was about 14 and Andre took me out to dinner at the spring fresh. I don't know if that you love to do. Just you and him? Just me and him. Well, the only time we ever did that. But it was really, really special for me. And we went and we sat down. And we were just chatting. And all of a sudden he started laughing with really hardy laugh. Andre had this very deep boom and voice. And of course he was a giant. So everything was bigger and, you know, larger than life. And what are you laughing at? We just kept going. Oh, oh, oh. We said, everybody here, they think I'm a dirty old man. He's a little bit like a little bit. He does, oh, trust me. They do. Now, when you would take God to eat with Andre, how much would he eat? We'll see like a crazy eater and drinker. I think he was, but he wasn't in front of me. Oh, good. But again, I smell like I heard many meals of them. But I've also heard legendary stories. And the thing is Andre and a lot of, you know, a lot of the old timers, especially they're very different people around me. Then they are around other people. And I don't know why that is. But I guess maybe because I'm a woman or a girl at that time or whatever. But it's a different kind of relationship. Like early race who's one of the, uh, husband men on the planet. He actually bought my first born daughter, parent earrings and she was born. But he picked out himself. Really? Well, you know, a lot of respects from these restless. They must be, you know, obviously they knew you as you growing up. That's probably what I wouldn't say that. That's, I mean, I respect the hell out of them. So, you know, if there is, it's very mutual and, and the idea is I respect the hell out of them. How did he, how do you, who found Andre the giant? Did you dad or his dad or, who actually got him into wrestling? I've heard a lot of different stories. And I don't exactly remember how it happened. But he grew up on a farm in France. And I think he was about 14 when he left the farm and actually started trying to make a living as a wrestler. But I honestly don't recall right off the top of my head, but he did work lots of different territories before he ultimately came to work for my grandfather and then my dad. Wow. What about Hulk Hogan? Who, uh, who discovered him? Was that your, what are your dad's findings? I believe. And, you know, it's better to ask my husband about some of this history because I lived it at a certain point in time. But, you know, I remember Hulk Hogan and rock and wrestling and that's when I grew up in the 80s. Sure. You know, watching all the cartoons and all of that in terms of the history of Hulk, I know that it was, I believe it was my grandfather who named him Hulk Hogan. And I think he started in the mid-watt. And he was, uh, but you know what again? I'm not going to get into it because I don't, oh yeah, I know he, he was Florida. He started in Florida. Gotcha. I think he was, uh, one of his, uh, idols at least was, uh, superstar Billy Graham. I know that because Billy Graham had told me that and, uh, I could see it giving a, a Hogan stole out of his, his act. They think, also from the, I think a lot of people stole, uh, the different acts. Whoever was successful, why not? Let's talk about some, another big superstar that you, you know very well. Triple H, your husband. Yes. This is a great story. I think it's, it's like, I, to me, it's a great love story too because it really, you know, some, it's really about, you know, art imitating life. Yeah, you were in one of the WWE skits that you dad always, you know, dreamt up. And you actually were, well, you tell the story because you tell a better version of it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, you was actually by accident that I even started on TV. There was this, you know, a quick backstory with, you know, Austin versus McMahon is kind of how it started and there was a corporate ministry and the Undertaker was, was heading up the corporate ministry. So basically, there was this big room and it was all to get to Stone Cold Steve Austin where I was kidnapped and all this stuff and that were abducted. I should say. And that he's story going on. Doctor me and Austin saved me, but ultimately I realized that it was my dad who set up the whole thing. So along the line, in this story at some point, I entered into the scene and I was going to marry a different wrestler. And at the actual ceremony itself where I've been McMahon, my father in the storyline and my father in real life had said no one has done what better interrupt this wedding or they'll be fired. So right before we say, I do the Out on the Stage Walks for Blade and it touched C2T here in his letter jacket and his jeans. He says, hey, dad, you said only family could interrupt this ceremony so I just wanted to show you a little piece of tape. And what he threw to was footage of me as I had been drugged and I was passed out at the drive through wedding chapel and Las Vegas and the bartender would slip me to make me with actually the camera man and there was footage of her blate marrying me and it was legit and late goal even though I wasn't conscious. And it turns out I couldn't marry the guy that I was going to be marrying in the ring. I was actually married to Chip Lates and then they wound up my dad and Chip Lates having a match basically for the enola marriage. And during that match, with when I actually turned on my dad and joined forces with Chip Lates to rule the company because I realized I had had enough of my dad taking advantage of me and using me as a pawn in his game. How did you like getting the ring like that? Did you like it when you were going TV? And you still go on everyone's rubbed. Did you like it? You were on a lot back then. It was so much fun. I had some of the best times on Earth in the middle of that ring. I can't even explain. And I was a real bad guy, a real heal in our business. Right. And I mean, the things people chanted me, oh my God. It was fantastic. I just loved every minute of it. Do you get regular to you get regular in the street a lot? Yeah, definitely not. What about back then when you were on TV a lot more?