Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X Pro 30 year in a row. And what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry. It's a low-car caulk tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show this. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to Legendary Foods, a muscle in the morning. I'm Dave Palombo, and today is Friday, June 4th, 2021. And let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Some people like to say it's not about how you start. It's about how you finish. But here's the thing, when you start off slow, you have to waste a lot of energy playing catch up. And then you can't finish strong. So in reality, how you start always matters. And I'm sure Andre Ferguson wouldn't mind getting his season off to a good start when he makes his debut in Tampa a few weeks from now. Up to this point, we've heard nothing but good things coming out of Andre's camp, which gives you the impression that he's going into Tampa with zero intentions of walking out of there with anything less than a win. Historically, these are the shows when Andre tends to be it is best. And when he's in the zone, we know that he's pretty much untouchable, regardless of who else is in the lineup. Believe it or not, there's actually a science to creating movie trailers. They figured out when trailers have certain elements in place. It basically gives our brains a shot of dopamine that makes us want more. So we go back to see the full movie, once it's released. And the reason I preface this segment with that is because I think the guess posing is the bodybuilding equivalent of a movie trailer, which means that 10 weeks from now there should be plenty of people lined up at the box office to see Steve Kuplo at the Texas Pro. In case you missed it, Steve came out. There's one of the featured guest closers at the NPC Steve Kuplo classic last weekend at almost 300 pounds. And the general consensus from people who were in the building was that Steve looked amazing. So if you can keep this momentum rolling, we might even be in store for one of those vintage king snake performances by the time. And the next day, July 17th rolls around. How we feel about the wellness division has been well documented on this show. And even though it's only been a few months into the season, you can already get a sense of how big this thing will be a few years from now, which means that the entire division is about to explode with new talent, the same way women's physique did a few years ago. So if you want to see what the next wave of talent looks like to do yourself a favor and buy a ticket to the NPC you're ropa Dallas two weeks from now. So that you can be front row and center when Amanda Coe hits the stage. According to my sources right now, Amanda's plan is to compete at the Europa the weekend of June 17th. And two weeks later, she's hoping to seal the deal and earn her pro-card at the NPC team universe. So if she can pull that off with the way the schedule is set up now, she would still have a legitimate shot of qualifying for the Olympia in October. If she can sneak into the right pro show and earn a qualification. And since this division is still so wide open, there are plenty of opportunities out there for someone like Amanda to step right in and make an impact from day one. Finally, I wanted to close out the week by wishing I get well soon, shout out to our friend Brad Row, who found himself back in the hospital not too long ago, thanks to an intestinal obstruction. It's been a tough go for him lately between this and the knee injury had a few months ago that wound up requiring major surgery. He's been on the wrong end of a few major roadblocks one to many times, but I'll say this, Brad has been a warrior for as long as I'm known him. But regardless of the setbacks, he always finds a way to come out on top and I'm sure this won't be any different. So if you see this, just know that we're keeping you in your thoughts, Brad, and we still are rooting for you, so get well soon, champ. You get another edition of Muscle in the Morning on day polimbo reminding you to always detour to your passions and they should have followed us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Thank you.