Day, Palombo here with an RX muscle news update. The Texas Pro pre-judging is let out and the men's open division. Three man race as we predicted. Ian Valleier coming off that big win in Chicago coming into Steve Kouklo's home state there where Steve was trying to qualify for the Mr. Olympia competition. This was his show, he picked, this is his show that he usually owns and Phil Kohar coming off that close second place behind Valleary in Chicago. So we knew this was going to be a big battle and Steve Kouklo obviously was ready well rested and you know what, it's shown here. You can see Kouklo looks real good, obviously he's got the big structure just like Ian Valleier maybe bigger. He's a wider, he's got a really dramatic shape on stage and he takes up a lot of space. When you occupy a lot of space on stage that looks very impressive and that's why Valleier and Kouklo are both really impressive bodybuilders kind of like if you think of Jay Koutler you think of Dennis Wolf, big structures in the lineup they stick out. Kohar, smaller structured, good shape, small ways, good taper, great from behind but doesn't look as much in terms of wow when you see him standing in the lineup you have to kind of see him as he goes through his poses and that's when he starts getting super impressive. So when I see a lineup like this I say to myself man these judges have got their work cut out to them and you know what, I wouldn't want to be up there judging him because you're nitpicking at this point because there's so close these guys up there and if you look in the lineup here you can see it you know Kouklo on the the App thigh shot very, very dominant he could stand. He hits this shot straight on very few people can hit that shot straight on and look that good because he's got a really good V taper he's got the good legs you know in Valleier obviously with the great abs you know I think it's a mistake that he doesn't hit this shot straight on because he and has a very you know small waist and really good structure too so I don't know why he hits it in this side position. He could have just been an intermediate shot he was saying Kloha are also good but once again not as big structured. When you start to see from behind when we start to look at the breakdown from behind that's when we start to see Phil Kloha shine and the reason is because he has got a lot of wow from behind he is the second guy from the left there in the green trunks and you can see that he has got a great V taper from behind his back. He's probably get the best back in the line if I would say is glutes and hands are shredded even probably the most shredded in the line of even Kloha's shredded but I think Kloha has got nicer glutes and hamstring tians than Kloha does but Kloha is just so big from behind. I think you know if you're asking me and you know once again this show is not been decided yet. To me when I look at this line of I see Kloha all day long because I see a big structure I see tremendous conditioning he beats in on the back double by subshot because in his is a little his back is the belt man is not quite as good as Kloha's he's not opening up in that shot as well either. Kloha smiling he's confident I don't know why he and this is my one stage but he's got to learn to really project more I mean Kloha looks like he's you know the million dollar man up there and Kloha unfortunately gets caught up in a in a situation where he's really good probably his absolute best but from the front and the size he doesn't have as much with as these other guys and I think that's gonna relegate him probably to second or third. I think that Ian's gonna be a solid second I think Kloha's gonna win this show and Kloha fight for the Olympia I think also he's got to be once again a favorite just because he's in his home state. Ian's already qualified not that the judges are gonna pick someone just for qualification spot but I think Kloha did enough here to win this. Will he win the event we don't know until later today this show is hardly over and that's what makes you know it exciting because tonight they can come back and I'm sure they're gonna read judges thing and we can see a completely different you know outcome but my money is gone with Steve Kloha for the win value area is second and Phil Kloha and third we'll find out later and I'll do a full wrap up of the entire top six for now I'm Dave Blumbo with an Rx muscle news update.