We're going to be launching the tasty pastry for the low-car caulk tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. On day polumbto and today is Friday, August 13th, 2021. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Welcome back in happy Friday ladies and gentlemen. We're going to do a little preview of the Texas Pro today, but before we get into who is going to be there? We're starting off the show by letting you know who won't be there. And if you haven't already guessed by the pictures, Charles Griffin is the person I'm talking about. Heading into the season the plan was for Charles to compete at Tampa and Texas with the goal being to earn an Olympian nod at one of those two shows. Despite the fact that he came out with a pretty good look at the Tampa Pro last weekend, something he could truly improve upon, he and his team announced a few days ago that not only would he not be competing in Texas this weekend, he's actually shutting it down for the rest of the year. The content trait on being undeniable in 2022. But now that we know, Charles is out of the equation and the men's openness weekend, he creates room for a potential showdown between two other athletes, which we're about to jump right into now. The competitors list for the men's open is in big, but it's deep and it's headlined by the potential showdown between Steve Kuklo and Hassan Mustafa, as well as the invol year. As far as Steve is concerned, this will be his season debut and he's slated to compete at the Arnold in October, which basically means that he can play with how to spend money this weekend. If he wins, it gives him a ton of momentum heading into the back half of the season. But if he doesn't, it gives him an opportunity to work the cakes out of the system before the Arnold and the Olympia. For Hassan, it's a different story. He's been trying to lock up his Olympia qualification all year long, and for one reason or another, things just haven't quite worked out. That being said, being able to do that this weekend and having to beat out an Ashley-like Steve Kuklo and Ian Valier would do a huge service for him, because once he gets over that final hurdle, I think it relieves a lot of pressure and frees him up to finish out his season on a high note. One of the things we're keeping in eye on this weekend will be whether or not Earth's Kalasinski can make it to an arrow in classic physique. For those of you who don't know, Earth's basically came from out of nowhere to win the Tampa Pro last weekend, and he looked incredible there if you haven't seen the pictures. But when we first talked about this show weeks ago, we spotlighted Logan Franklin as the man to be here, and for Earth to go back to back, I'll have to go through Logan to do it. We have it on good authority that Logan had the best off season of his career, and that he believes he's about to bring his best look to date to the stage this weekend. And if that's what happens, and Earth still somehow manages to secure the win over a top 10 Olympian, now we start talking about whether he fits into the Olympia equation. And by this time next week, we should all have answers to all these questions. So don't forget to tune in to recap Wednesday to find out. No, in times out of 10, trying to pick a winner in any bikini contest is a crap shoot, because up to this point in the season, the one exception to that rule has been whenever Ashley Colt lost his bed in the lineup. The three time bikini Olympia champ has already managed to rack up six wins, and two other top three finishes this year, which feels like it has to be some kind of record. If she wins this weekend in Texas, it'll give her seven total wins for the season, and you already know for sure that she's competing at the Arnold and the Olympia, and maybe somewhere else in between, which could theoretically give her 10 wins in a season if she rolls through. I'm no historian, but I think 10 wins plus to the bikini international title and a fourth Olympia win would qualify as having the best contest season of all time for any athlete in any division. So if she can pull off lucky number seven this weekend in a weird way, it does bring her one step closer to keeping that historic run going. And that does it yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning. I'm Dave Palombo reminding you to always be true to your passions, and they should have followed us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.