Dave Palomo here with an RX muscle news update. We have with us today our IFB Texas Pro men's open second place finisher Steve Kouklo. We got him here direct from the stage. Dave, welcome back to the show. We love you here and show a lot of support for you. It was a tough loss for you and Texas this past weekend. It was, well thank you Dave for having me. I always love being on your show and your reports, man. You're always on top of it and yeah, it's kind of the smokes clear a little bit from the weekend. So kind of digesting what happened and evaluating the show results. So, you know, yeah, yes, you could say this appointment is there. Yes. Let's go over Steve's strategy. I mean, you look great. I mean, you can see in the pictures here. I mean, the tremendous, I thought this was your probably your best luck ever. I mean, you looked like you actually added some muscle from where I should. Did you? I did. I did. Through this crap, my body was really fresh. I really took the time to rest, let my body recover and he little magic injuries and, you know, just let everything work. You know, rest of my receptors, everything. You know, I'm a guy that likes to, that's why I've been doing this for 17 years and how I've been able to do it for so long is just I've played the long game. I play the try to be the smart one when it comes to, you know, supplements, training, everything that's involved and what we have to do. So, through this prep, I think I added, I started my prep at like 278 and I finished it at post the two night, two 90s. Wow. Wow. Literally Thursday, I was 291 before the show. Are you kidding me? You weighed that much. I mean, you look like you did. I, that's incredible. You've been sitting in same games over the years and you're right. You've done it very incrementally, gradually. You don't compete too much. You don't put your body up to much stress and, you know, it shows. I mean, you had a fresh look. I thought your body was real fresh here and I thought it was like I said, I think you guys picked your, pick your perfectly. Thank you. Yeah. I think we, we've, Gene and I've really kind of dialed in what is my, what it takes. Obviously, you haven't such a big physique and big flame. It takes a lot to fill out. And if I, I can't get away with a flat look because it just makes me look soft and out of shape. So we need to have a real full look and that'll give me a drier appearance. And so we have to really push the food. And we did, we didn't, we didn't go for in same fullness, but we went for full and dry. And we got a good formula that really kind of blends both worlds, you know. Yeah. And Gene and Davis is your cousin, you got a man who's a pro in her own right. And we know Gene and real well. And you know, it's it's she, there's not many men out there that actually have women coaches. You know, how did you a Gene kind of like, you know, get together in terms of like, you know, saying, hey, she really works well with my personality and, and she knows my physique. Well, she, she's an Oklahoma, which is a couple hour drive for more on that, which is nice. But I saw her take a few local guys that didn't have a lot of, it didn't have great genetics that weren't great bodybuilders. And she made them look really good. And that was impressive to me. When you can take a piece of cold, turn it and then I'm, I'm impressed, you know, not taking somebody like, you know, flex Lewis or, you know, and just saying, you know, my mom could prep flex Lewis or he could get a job. But I think, you know, she did a really good job with that. I sat with her. We kind of talked about strategy and how she likes to do things and it really align to what I knew and what I liked. What I think are kind of works for me. And I just, I put, she put me through a training session. Damn, they're killed me. And I said, that's, that's the, the person I knew in my corner. And she really, she cares, she spends a ton of times, she's very attentive to details. And it's, she's, by far, the best coach I've had. Yeah. Well, you know, like I said, do you have to find, I always tell people this, this, this coach should never feel like, hey, I have to have every athlete because there's so many people out there that you'll always, if you're a good coach, you're going to have a ton of people. I always have a full stable of people that I work with because, you know, my personality meshes with the right people and that's, people I work with. And that's exactly what happened with you. Now, let's get, let's go to the show. You pick the Texas Pro. It's in your own backyard, obviously. You know, you, you don't have to drive anywhere. You know that that's going to make you, you're, you're, you're best at the end of the day. And you kind of put all your cards into one basket in the sense you had a win this show to qualify for the Olympics. Talk to you about what, what was the rationale behind taking the show? Well, I knew it was getting light and season and, and like we've discussed and like we know there, there was limited shows this year. There was a lot. There wasn't quite the schedule with a normal year. And a lot of them were pushed to the later, it was pretty, it, it, it, it, it, it, it came up to the deadline of what the, it wouldn't be a cutoff is. So I mean, I knew there was Chicago, I knew there was Tampa and the Texas show. And I figured, you know, if, if any show, I feel like I can go to a regional, I have enough confidence in myself. I can go to a regional show and I could, I could win that show. You know, bar somebody like, you know, bone actor, big brownie or curried coming in, we're going to be like, man, it's going to be a battle. I feel like, you know, I got enough confidence, like I said, where I can go to a show within minutes. And I said, if I bring it, like I need to, and I, I feel like I can, I could go to this Texas show when it, and I trained for it, like it was a, the Mr. Olympia show. I, I, I didn't kind of go half assets. You know, if I come in 80% or 90% I can win it. I was like, no, I want to freaking mail it. I want to bring a, of package that is, is undeniable. And I felt like I brought a very solid package to this. And the Texas show was, like you said, is in my backyard. I was, I've been able to compete in front of a lot of my friends and family in, in many, many years. Um, just because they haven't had a Texas pro show and it's hard to, a lot of people to travel, you know, with families and stuff. So I've been million people that too. I did. I mean, that was that was just pre-judging. I had probably 40 or 50 more show up at finals. And that's could, um, which was great. I mean, I just, that energy that gives you is incredible. So I, all those things play factors into reasoning why I really want to put all my eggs in that basket. And I feel like it was, um, I think it, I still believe it was the right, the right choice. And you know, I wanted to do the Arnold and then Olympia, which I'm going to do the Arnold. So that's, that's, um, you know, still the plan. Yeah. And obviously, you know, as far as qualified as, oh, this was the last weekend of qualifying in terms of like the Olympia. But then they made the Arnold, um, I guess they made an extension for that. And they said, okay, you know what, the winner of the Arnold will qualify for this year as Olympia. Now, I have a couple of issues. First of all, let's, you know, before we talk about the qualification, let's talk about the show. So you're ready to do the Texas show. Pretty much, it was Steve Couplo show, everyone's talking about it. And the E in Valier decides, you know what, I'm going to jump in this show too. Because you know what, there's money up from grabs. And I'm in the U.S. Anyway, I had to come in from Canada. I'm not, I'm going to put it up there, which I think was a good move on his part. I mean, I can understand him doing that. Um, obviously, now you know, you got a guy who's who can match up to your size and structure wise. So obviously, the strategy doesn't change. The strategy is bring your best. But obviously, did you feel like, oh, now I might have an issue in terms of qualification goes because now it's only really the winner. You didn't do a lot of shows that she just was your only show. Obviously, you weren't going to be able to qualify in points. You had a win the show, essentially. Right. Right. It put a little bit more pressure factor in that, absolutely. And if anything, that kind of drives me to say, hey, we got to, we have to win this. It's not like, well, I could do one more next weekend. Um, you know, I start seeing the, I figured a lot of the guys were just kind of just continuing the shows, which some were continuations from Chicago, the guys that did Chicago, guys that they tamper. Yeah. So I knew it was going to be kind of the guys that wanted to just keep on trying to qualify. But Ian jumping in, it didn't change the game plan at all. And if anything, you know, I knew I'd rather go get somebody like Ian and Phil and Hassan and these guys that, you know, are good bodybuilders and then beat them and prove to everybody that, hey, you know, I am a real contender. Right. Yeah. And obviously, I know you're not a kind of guy that's going to like shy away from competition. But sure. What happens now is obviously, Ian steps in, pre-judging goes on. Everyone pretty much, I, everyone I talked at least. I mean, I wasn't at the show, but I looked at all the pictures in the videos. Pretty much people had you winning pre-judging. I mean, I did a wrap up after, and I was like, I think Kuklo's got him, you were little tighter than Ian at pre-judging. Strutually, you guys match up really well. You both have big structures. And I actually think that you're back double kind of wanted for you in that sense, because you got a better back double than everyone aligned it pretty much there. Did you feel confident coming off the stage after pre-judging? I did. You know, the Tyler worked us real hard. And it was probably one of the hardest I worked that stage, which was great, because I love to work it. I mean, they get the adrenaline, especially when you got all the people there cheering you on. It was incredible. And I, I think there was at one point during pre-judging when we were doing. So we had the initial call out. I put me in the middle, felt great. You know, did some, did some moving around, and then they pulled us off. And I knew they were going to call us back out. The call was back out for the final call out. There's three of us fill Ian in myself. And then we ended up, put us three, had me in the middle. Rantra all our poses. And then we, they did it. They switched it around. I think they put Ian at that point in the middle. And they're playing games. They're like, man, they're just thinking, they're just thinking for the fans. Yeah. Landra all the poses again. And then Tyler looked at us. He goes, let's do it one more time, guys. I know that point. And then it was that adrenaline's going. And you got like, I got to slow down my heart rate a little bit. Because I'm amped up right now. And it wasn't a stage. I mean, I want to, it's like a, it's a battle. It's fight. I'm not just kind of, oh, this is great. And happy. I'm like, fuck. Yeah, I'm ready to rock. Yeah. So we, you know, they moved it around. And obviously, for people that are watching online, the people that are seeing pictures, like, oh, it's still going to win. It's either going to win or Steve going to win. So it definitely had the entertainment value to it. But walking away from prejudging, I felt like it was, it was my show. Yeah. And I like, you know, I like the fact that Tyler actually is mixing it up and letting you guys all match up. Because when you're in the middle, there's a different energy and there's a different look. So it gives everyone a chance in that middle. Now make your assessment who's the best. I looked at all those pictures. I really thought you had it after pre-judging. And I'm a big Ian of value, I fan because I think he's got a tremendous physique. As well, I thought he wasn't quite as sharp. So it comes back. So nice show comes. You guys come back at night. Ian comes back a little drier. Okay. I thought you guys still match up really well. I said, you know what? Steve won pre-judging. I think they're tied at night. I think Steve's going to win this show. I can't see him losing it. And at the end of the day, obviously, it comes back that Ian wins. And I want to look at the scorecards. I was a little confused because I was surprised that they had Ian by one point winning pre-judging. And I really think that's kind of what pushed them over the edge. Even if it didn't mathematically push them over the edge. I think psychologically, but the judges that pushed them over the edge because they did have them winning pre-judging. I was having trouble coming to grips with, I think. Yeah, it was now seeing the scorecard how it was scored. I mean, obviously, it was very close. Tyler even announced during the pre-judging in finals. Okay, this is really close. Right. More live judging the finals just because, you know, and we ran through another show around of comparisons for that. I mean, you made this work and that was for now. I loved it. And that's, you're kind of walking away from it. I think the, now kind of thinking about it because Sunday, or, or, or right after the show, it's kind of a blurry yesterday was a little bit of a blur because I'm still kind of amped up from the weekend. And this morning I was just kind of thinking about it. And, you know, like you said, it's done. It was disappointing. I felt like I felt confident enough in what I brought to get a W. So, I mean, my hat's off to Ian because he won. He looked great. There was points during posing with that, that I felt like he was fading a little bit just from, I think struggling a little bit getting some poses. That was ready or hitting the pose. And I look at over it. I'm like, you mean, you're even imposing. And I'm like, you're just trying to call him next pose. So, that was one of my only things. But, you know, it was, it was, it was a very hard fought show. I mean, I had some friends that never did a show before. And they all were like, man, that was the energy. And everything you guys did was incredible. Yeah, I agree. I loved watching the pictures and I saw all the videos. And I, I almost wish I was there that I could feel that energy was definitely palpable. And I know I, I've been to shows where your family's there. I've sat next to your mom when you turn pro. I mean, there's a lot of energy in that place because your family goes crazy. You know, when you're there. The family was on fire for six. And so I understand that. Now, my, my thing is, you know, I believe, and I don't want to miss quote because, but I believe that you're roped to show that they held the day after in Spain gave two qualifications spots. And I believe they did that because that there wasn't that many shows in Europe this year. But, you know, seeing that and seeing how close you guys were and knowing that you're legitimately a top six Olympia guy now, I'm surprised that since Ian qualified, they didn't extend another qualification spot to you. Because it only seems like fair given the fact that, you know, they're going to give to in Europe. So, I, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't know. I, I, I think the whole qualification series is a little screwed up because of COVID, you know, that wasn't enough shows to do. Guys had, you know, picking, choose what they were going to do. And I knew this was, we predicted, as I've been talking about this on heavy muscle radio for weeks, I see, someone's going to get excluded, right? Guys that belong on the Olympia Sage are not going to get to go because there's just not enough shows. You're going to get these guys that have the ability to peak 400 times a year. They're going to do 20 shows and they're going to qualify. And that's exactly what we see from the common L.A. mom and, and, and I forget to also, from, like in my mind a minute, those guys qualify because they did so many shows that they accumulated points. Yeah. Now, you're going into the Arnold, you have to win the show to qualify. Why not, why not open the Arnold to top three? I mean, I think at the top, top three in that line, would deserve to go to the Olympia this year. Absolutely. I mean, the Arnold's always been the Olympia minus one or two guys. And it's, it's, it's, look at the line up in the Arnold right now. It is the Mr. Olympia minus big-rowing curry. And I think you look at the line up and with, if you take top three, those top three guys are going to be in the top five of Mr. Olympia as well. Absolutely. They were. I, I think that would be something awesome if they could do that. Absolutely. I would, I would encourage that. I would be behind that and, and I think that needs to happen. I think that would solve the problem because let's face it. You and Ian were essentially tied. I mean, I, I had you in a tie at night show. If they did give you in the pre-judged and then you deserve to win, but you know what? The truth is, you both deserve to go to the Olympia. And so rather than do a special invite because we, we know that that whole thing because then if you get one, he should get one. Make the, make it a qualification. You have one more big show. You got the Arnold. Make it top three. Send those guys to the Olympia. I don't think anyone would complain if it was a qualified or qualification inspired, you know, invite, so to speak. Absolutely. Or, or like if, if a guy's qualified, just, let's go down in the next one if he beats him and, and, you know, in the case like Ian was qualified and he could pass the qualification down. That, I mean, they do that a lot of times in national level shows. Yeah. With, with Procard. Yeah. Guys, crossover. They'll just go down the next one and get the, you know, Procard kind of thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think I'm going to know what the stage for sure. I want to be there, you know that. And the fact that you're so, yeah. I mean, it's, it's, and it's a weird year. They have to make a combination for weird years. I mean, this is not typical. I'm a rule, I'm a rule guy. I like rules. I, I, I live my whole life around rules, maybe too much so. But when you have things that go wrong and the season gets shortened and it doesn't start to April, you got to, you got to kind of make a combination for that. It should still be qualification inspired, but I think that you got to give guys the ability to, to qualify, you know, more so than they might have in normal years. So it's absolutely absolutely. I don't even understand why the Arnold would be a qualification, qualify for next year anyway. What, it's, they afraid that if they can have to buy an extra plane ticket in a month out and then not to have a, I mean, what's the problem? I mean, what they, they probably, they have 30 or 40, you know, classic disease, men's disease, we're taking a competitor. So why not have the bit? I'm gonna have 25 big boys up there. Right. Right. Right. But the point is back in the, I remember in the 90s, if you qualified the week before, you were at the Arnold, I mean, you were at the Olympia the next week, you know? Yeah. Exactly. Absolutely. I thought originally they made the rule in a month out because they wanted to book flights for people and stuff like that, you know, I think that, yeah. I get, yeah. This is a different story. This is the Mr. Olympia. It's not the bikini Olympia. Or not to take anything away from that. Well, this is Mr. Olympia. You want your best men in the world on stage on that day, you know? And you're certainly belong on that stage. There's no sense. Yeah. And, you know, I could be, I'm confident saying not in an ego way, but I know I bring a lot of stands to shows. I know that, you know, I have a good fan following and I don't think you'll, I bring 25 member, your family members to every show. But I think, you know, the fan side a bit, there's a lot of fans that want to see me there. A lot of stands that are, you know, would come just because, hey, I'm a huge fan of Steve and I want to see him compete. It's going to be at the Mr. Olympia. So there's a lot of value there, absolutely. Well, I know Steve, I see, I know you and I know Gina and I know that we're going to see if the Arnold Plastic is going to be knock your socks off, Ku Klow on stage because obviously now there's a, assuming they don't change anything, you got to win this show. You know, if you want to go to the Olympia. So this is your Olympia. Steve, you better bring it. It is. And you know, I mean, another, what is about five weeks until the Arnold, yeah, that amount of time to kind of make some little refinements and sharpen up, it's Arnold's going to be an nasty package. I mean, I'm, it's, it's going to be something that I want to bring an undeniable package that could, could absolutely win it. It's not good. I'm not going there to place top three. I'm really going there to win. And I think I want to stand next to William. I made the improvements I need to make to get to come out with the W. Well, you know, great job this past weekend. You look off. I think that you guys, you know, I always tell people, if you look your best on stage, no matter what the judges award you or don't want to award you, if there's someone better than you, if you look your best, you did your job. And you made your improvements and you brought the conditioning you need to bring. So there's nothing left to do. You know, that's it. That's show, you know. Yeah, absolutely. And I think, you know, a lot of people when they see photos of me say online or stuff that I post are like, you know, we look good. He's a big guy. And then when they see me on stage next to people, they realize how big you know, my structure in, in person, in person, you know. And I had people before the show, you know, talking about a few of the guys that were competing, that it's a freaking huge. And you got, you're worried about it. And I was like, just wait, I stand next to him. And then I did, like, man, you kind of made those guys look small. I remember when you did, I think you won your class or maybe even came in second of teenagers, what was that? Oh, four and oh, five. Yeah. Oh my god. Were you second in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, I won the teen. You won the class. Me, didn't win the overall, right? I won the heavy weights both years. Uh, full of. And what did you weigh this back then? Uh, two, two, ten and two. No, first one was like two, eight and the next one was like two, twelve or something like that. Wow. And so you're like, you're like almost like 80 pounds more muscle now. It's a thing when you think about it, right? It's the same when I think about it. Yeah, but like you said, you know, we played the long, we played the marathon game instead of the sprint. And it's how I've been able, most guys have done the teen nationals. They're not around anymore. Now, now they burnt out, yeah. Yeah. You're one of the, you know, the, the, the, the guys that actually made it Nick Walker. Obviously, in the guy, you know, who's been around. Hopefully we'll see what his staying power is. But, you know, he's another. Another guy who kind of has a physique reminiscent of yours. But, sir, Steve, congratulations to you and Gina. We'll see you at the Arnold Classic. And thanks for joining us today. Thank you, Dave. I appreciate it. And hopefully we can get some traction on getting some more qualifications. Absolutely. We'll put it out there to the universe. And hopefully it will come back and there will be some, there'll be some new rule changes. But let's see. Yeah, that's great. We're out of time on Daypalomo here with Steve Kouklo for another RX muscle news update.