Welcome back to live with Brokey by Species Nutrition. Visit speciesutrition.com. I'm Dave Palombo and today's guest is an old friend of the show. We got him back here for an update on what's going on in his life. He's the Beltman. Steve Cardillo. What's up Steve? Dave, thanks for having me on the show again. I really, really well last time. I appreciate it. Yeah, you know, people just don't stop asking me about the Belt. And you know what, you know, you made a bunch of species belts. I see one hanging in the backdrop there. I got that green one a couple of years ago. And there was a couple of them we gave out. We were out for the month and people went nuts. And I'm still to this day again, like five or ten people, you know, every once in a while, every couple months emailing me about how they could buy one of these belts. And you know, you've been doing this for, what about? And you've got 35 years now belts, custom belts? 32. 32 years. And you know what? There is popular now as they ever were. It's one of the few things in our industry that has maintained and that you've still held a stranglehold on. No one seems to be able to do what you do. I don't know why they don't. But you seem to still be the only game in town that does belts on a regular basis for not only top body bowls of the top celebrities and the like. I mean, you just, you just have that's your niche that you carved out. And no one seems to be able to move in on you. Thank you. It just, you know, again, it comes out to consistency and building something that would last forever. And, you know, I was very fortunate coming out of the gate that I had all professional wrestlers, whole clothing in the very, very beginning. They all wore them. So I got kind of head of the pack pretty quick, you know, I mean, and my vision to what Michael Jordan was wearing. We talked about it before, but you know, Michael Jordan was your stuff. It's pretty significant. It's just kept rolling over and rolling over. It's just weird. It's a very small niche, but yet, you know, you're the only one who does it. So it's like everyone who wants a new belt, you know, calls you up. You probably have belts for every single Mr. Olympia. I'm sure in modernity in the modern era as well as in every division across the, you know, the scope of the physique world. Every Olympia since 92, every female Olympia, every physique Olympia, every bikini Olympia, every onel champ for the fast 30 years, every one of them. It's pretty, you know, ice it back and it's kind of mind blowing. It's hot to wrap your head around it when you look back at the history of it, but it's nice though as well. I, you know, worked out well. It's cool because you kind of have contact with all these top people on a regular basis. I mean, because they obviously contacted you to get the belt. They see the, the fill, he's gift belt in the back. They are hanging them on wall. Yeah. You know, he's obviously going for number eight this year, which would put him in the elite, you know, class of, of Ronnie Coleman and Lee Haney for the only two other men to win eight Olympia. So, I mean, you, you've done belts for the best of the best. What was the most unusual belt you've ever done? Um, I just recently, I don't want, I do want for a prince to do why it was pretty interesting. We had a lot of stipulations on this particular belt and, uh, red inside all kinds of stuff all over, but it was pretty cool to have someone like him. Um, obviously when Duane calls the rock. He has, I had to do one with the tattoo on it. And it was two winter kit to embroider. So, ironically, I just, I've been after this, um, me or a lot of the styles for like five years. I'm going to try and get them to come on board to do some painting, paint the belts for me. So, after that is named Patrick Geneo, he finally, I made them, you know, after five years, I basically made them an offering. You can't refuse. So, he was basically the first one to do the rock belt, which was pretty significant. And then from there on, it's, you know, but that's probably the tattoo of the rock. Um, on a weight belt was pretty wild. That's awesome. And that's the, you got a guy who's actually painting on the belt by hand. Yeah. Yeah, he's, basically he's a mural artist for, he does a lot of celebrities. So, I've been asking him for a long time if he would, you know, do some belts for me. You know, going from obviously 10 foot building murals coming down to doing a small belt. So, he wanted to, but he's been so busy. So, after all this time, he finally said I said, guy, I got, I have to do the rock belt. You know, he's pretty, you know, important to me. He said no problem. So, once he did that, he said, let's sit on a talk about it. We cut the deal. So, what I'm going to be doing now, I just did Dennis Rodman's whole coat. Wow. Yeah, he's going to be painting for me. Yeah, this one, he did, you know, Dennis Rodman. I don't know if he can see it. Wow, yeah, that's awesome. That is awesome. That's the rock. That's the rock. Right. Yeah, the rocks back there. One like, this one here, but the rock one tattoo he has, I don't have that one. But then he did one like an Amani thing, all hand painted, all hand done. He did one for us. This is all cold. But what I'm going to be doing, he's on the sale. These are just, but I'm going to do a lot of giveaways with these. That's awesome. From the rock even. Yeah. Yeah. All pretty wild. So, you know, I'll be doing a lot of deal. If you're doing some of the money for charity and, you know, it's just, it's just more something that I had to add to the game. I'm wanting to do this for a long time. Right. I want to get the right person. This guy's the guy. So, that's the real world. For a custom belt like that, that's hand painted like that. I assume that belt's got to be a little bit more expensive. Yeah. Honestly, I wouldn't even put a price on it because I'm giving them away. So, it would be, it would be kind of, it would be kind of, probably out of the ball, pocket, except for, you know, some celebrities. But even then, then they just want to hang them on the wall. So, a couple of wrestlers want them. So, I'm going to, you know, they're going to hang them on the wall, which over the years, sometimes that's what happens. I try to tell the guy, hey, where the belt, if you want another one for your wall, I'll make it for you. But the purpose of the belt is so you're wearing it. So, I get them on the wall, I get them the wear and wherever it goes, I'm happy with it. Did you ever do a, I think we did, we talked to that left, and I can't remember. I got that, that was on us now. What, what did you do for the incredible Hulk, Luke, for now? You made a belt for me? We made him. I made him for him. His kids, his wife. All his gimmicks. Yeah, he's been on. I'll be with WVF. That was the big inaugural belt they gave him. Yeah, it's signing on. Yeah, I made him a lot of belts. Yeah, that's what I thought so. You know, it's an amazing industry because everyone seems to work out in the sports industry. I'm sure it's from football players, to the boxers, to MMA guys, to, you know, and everyone wants to have like some kind of identification tag and let's face it. You know, in the gym, you can't weigh your football jersey necessarily. You know what I mean? But you could wear a weight belt. It's kind of like makes you feel special, I guess. And I think especially when guys turn or girls turn pro, it's like they want to get that like acknowledgement. And a lot of times, I'm sure you do a lot of them to say I have to be pro, so and so or so and so. Yes. It's kind of like a graduation certificate you're wearing on your back there. Right. Well, that's kind of a, that's kind of been a real problem where everybody wants to wait to lay term pro to get a belt. And I try to say, get, you don't get my belt and it'll get you to become a pro quicker. You got to have that. I mean, you got to get the belt. So it works out well. Luckily, there's a lot of pros now and a lot of them need the belt. So it works out well, but obviously it's going to help you. It's a tool to help you. We come pro. You can get, you know, you know what it's all about. What was one of the like coolest nicknames that you've ever had to put on a belt? That you said, hey, that's a pretty good nickname. Oh, boy. Um, probably by, I don't know, the Boston Masters are pretty good. Yeah, that's a good one. That's a good one. Like, quadzilla obviously Paul was the one we did the logo. Those were a couple cool ones. I didn't want to remind you that we should have called them the route, the route kid. That one worked out well in high school. So I've basically closed. This is, it's a great. What is like a typical custom belt like the stand in one cost? Like if someone wanted to purchase one from you, just that. About about about about two 25. OK. And that's reasonable. These belts last forever. That's the great thing. They're indestructible. I've seen them. I have a couple. They don't, they do that. You cannot, the only way you're going to screw these belts up is you're going to lose them. Yes. So I was, I actually left the belt. One of the belts you gave me at a gym. Because I, I know, toriously, we'll do a leg workout. And I forget and I leave the belt there. And if it came the gym belt and everyone who went to the gym would bar on the belt and they would all give it back because it had my name on it. So like, you can't walk out with the belt on it. And it's funny because no, I felt bad taking it back when I realized that the gym had, I had left it the ex. I thought it was gone. And it was a gym I had, you can go to all the time. And I went there one day and I saw my belt. I'm like, holy Mac on my belt. And they're like, well, Dave, everyone uses this belt. So I kind of left it there. It's like a moment though. But yes. That, your belt, you can see everyone knows it's a cardinal about immediately. You're so recognizable, your brand. I mean, if you sat down and tried to, I'm sure you didn't figure this out ahead of time. It just kind of happened. But if you would have tried to figure this out ahead, then you never would have been able to figure it out as well as you did it. Never. You know, it was just, it was just basically one belt at a time and being persistent in office saying, you're doing it so it's never been worth for me. So not having to really work and just promote and do I, I surround myself with, you know, I had a re-blocked deal pretty early on. So I learned a lot about marketing and, sure. But going back to the belt in the price, you know, a stock belt is $150. What does a pair of sneakers cost at last six months a year? That's a lot of money. It doesn't make sense to me. No, yeah. It's a, it's a non-expanced in terms of weightlifting equipment because like I said, less forever. Now, Steve, I'm watching your Instagram, you're, you're, you're face book page for the last number of years. And I'm always seeing you doing these, first of all, you do these workouts by the water. They're like these with buckets of water and all kinds of crazy equipment outside by the water. I've been seeing you do this for years. But where did that come about? These are unusual workouts. Well, the buckets that I always thought of when I was almost a teenager, I would go to my camp and I didn't even have any weights there and I always wanted it. You know, I was trying to get to a gym, whatever I was young. My father would fill up five gallon buckets of water and say, go ahead. So that is it at all. I put it, you know, as I learned more about drop sets and stuff, I put a hole in it. And it all started from a five gallon, two five gallon buckets. Then later on, what I, you know, had my home and I was able to put a gym on the talk, then I, my mind went crazy and I'm telling you, Dave, there's nothing I've done everything training ice in, because I designed it. But the pump you get from this is think about doing, think about like say, to drain the bucket, a big bucket is 50, about 50 reps. Think about 30 maximum singles and then the last 20 is a pump. 30, 30 max singles out of a jug. Right. It's pretty amazing. You must live in a really nice area, because that's a pretty big, big doc you got there, I see. Yeah, yeah, I keep, I keep and a little bit, a little bit more on and on. But I think I've picked out, I get everything I need on that right now. It's beautiful. I mean, where is that located? That's up in Massachusetts, right now in Hampshire. What, what, what, what, what are we, is that on? It's on a, it's just on a small, small little private lake. Oh, okay. Beautiful. And what was I see is squatting with these huge logs. When do you get those from me, enormous friend of mine has a lumber yard and stuff. So he said, let's cut these. So there was stuff doesn't rush. So it started out as kind of a joke, but honestly, when you're loading the weight, I don't know what they weigh. So it really doesn't matter. Yeah, I know it's heavy. Yeah. And then it just has like a cushioned field to it. It doesn't feel like steel. Right. No, you know, you know, it's just, it's a weird feeling, even like when you're going from steel to rubber plates, you get that different cushioned field, the wood even feels better. They look like they weigh a million pounds. They're huge. I don't even know how you load them onto the bar. The bar is bending under these things. Yeah, I would drill them out and you know, you go with it. It works, it works well. But the water is the way to go. Well, what are those things? What do you, I see you got, you're squatting with like these three humongous things on each side. And then you got chains on top of it. How much weight was that? Because I've never seen a bar bend like that. It looks like this 600 pounds in your back. The power you, ironically, it's called the, it's called the, it's called the Bell Bar. It's basically for kinetics. So you get that little bit of flexion in the bar. Yeah. I even started switching from steel to that because obviously we don't want to protect the joints. It's better on the joints, it just has a better feel to it. I'm more about now, I get a more of a longevity. I want to keep it going. So I'm not so, I mean, I'm not so much into the weight as I much of trying to stay healthy and shape while not killing my joints. And the great thing, right after you do a set, you can jump right in the water and cool off, right? Yeah, I do that through the swim. I do whatever it takes to, you know, to get the good work out. That's awesome. Now, how many pieces of equipment do you have on that dock? This is about eight pieces. I just keep adding, you all you could do is knock off the stack and get the right jug to fit in between, put it on, put the holes from anywhere from a dime up to a little less than a quarter size. So you can regulate how quick you want the water to come up. I see one of these videos we're watching. It's like snowing out in your training. Are you training all year round out there? Yeah, I mean, I have my gym is right off the side of the dock. So I'll train inside heat up in there and then I'll come out and just, you know, honestly, once you get moving, you're sweating, it's really nice training out there in the environment. And once I get the once the water still cold, the water thaws, I can still get the water going. It's really, I mean, it's nice. I've not done it all. I've been in gyms. Once you get outside, I'm at a pool to get up in the water, go out on the dock and get some sun and train. And it's just, it's just really nice. Yeah, it wake you up to the old and nice air that comes off the water there. It's a big experience. Yeah, it's a big experience. But how does the equipment fare in the winter there? Because you guys get a lot of snow. It's just like gold. I mean, it's just like Venice Beach, stuff stays out. You know, the Venice is probably worse because it's salt. So it rust mind is just, it stays smooth. I throw a little WD faughty on the joints and on the stuff and it's good to go. I really don't have any problems. You get a little dirty from some of the stuff. Lost him. Very creative Steve. I love it. Thank you very much. Now, another, you know, probably one of your most successful businesses, I would say, is the A and C nutrition store. It's, you know, I've been there before. It's a very small store, but it's a very, very busy intersection. And you guys do a ridiculous amount of business there. I know a lot of supplementment companies will beg you to take their products in there because they know you're going to crank, you're going to crank stuff out of that little store. That little place becomes so successful. Well, it started 21 years ago. My nephew just was getting out of just deciding if he's going to finish college, you know, we decide to AP. I'm in the industry already. 10 years, start a store where I'll help you and it's your ball you run with it. If you want to take it as far you can take it as far as you want to help you all the way through. So over time, you know, I gave my, I put my belt here as my showroom. Right. You have people coming in off the planes. I try we try to make it like, you know, like Steve Jim and New York. When you're going to New York, you've got to go to his gym, you go to gold, you've got to go to Panna speech. You know what I mean? So when you come into Boston, it's an environment. It's friendly. He's fun. He's out of his mind. So the whole deal is to, you know, come in the store, you get free stops, you get a nice feeling up to buy anything. Come in. He's sure you come in in from New York, wherever you're coming in from, you get, it's just, you know, we never, we never sold online. We stuck to the, you know, played the rules away with folks to be with the industry. So all of these guys now that are whining about Amazon, you know, I hate to say com or, but this is what's happening. You're getting a taste of what you people are doing to people like my nephew, who stuck to the rules, you know, sold what you gave him the right way. So now we're still here. And we're going to be here because this is a unique, special, fun place to be. That you can only get my weight belt here because of, you know, how we created. You know, I deal with everybody in the industry, all the owners. Right. It's a beautiful thing. You know, I mean, it's just, so this is, you know, it's just, it's just a lot of work he's here all the time. You're command you're going to see him. He's here. It's his store. Right. That's how he becomes successful. I love it because you guys got product stacked in the ceiling in there. If you guys go, and, and it can be stacked in the ceiling today and then tomorrow, it's all gone. It's amazing how special you move stuff. Stack them high, watching fly. Stack them deep, sell them cheap. That's what he does. He's the man. That's how you got. Doesn't. You got a special going now. If anyone goes into the store and they buy one of your cardillow belts, you have a product that you give away for free. What's that deal? Let's talk to him about that. So, you know, all the stuff like he gets all of these, like slightly polymerized stuff. He gets all the one-ups, all the samples. I can't sell them, but he can sell them. So, he has, you know, you come in, you're going to get special deals from him on the belts. But the bottom lines, he's just doing the program where he's starting to come in by a belt. He's going to have a product of the month. Ironically, you obviously, this is your show. This month, it's going to be, he's doing the fiber-lies. I love this stuff. And, you know, saying it commercial, but it's going to be, you're going to be able to come in by any belt you want, get a free product, like fiber-lies, off the door. And, you know, it's good for me. It's good for his customers. He's good for you as a supplier. It's just good for everybody. And nobody can do it. So, a free tub of fiber-lies, if you buy a belt. So, that's a great deal. It's almost worth making the trip up there. I think Jose Raymond made by a belt for me just to get a free tub. Jose, he's got a lot of belts. He's the best. And, you know what I mean? Like I said, it's all about customer service. We know Amazon is killing everything, but you still want to come in. You know, when I play sports, I went into the sporting goods because I wanted to talk to the guy about shorts, knew what you still want that feeling. You know what I mean? So, this is the place that all happens at. And, you know, with all the specials and all the cool things, this is, you know, we want to keep it. Amazon ain't going to hurt us. You're one of the few stores left. And there's a bunch out there. And I've seen those who have made appearances in some of these stores. And I tell these guys, they say, if you have a store, you service your customer. And you explain to them and help them with diet and supplementation. And you explain them why they're taking the stuff they're taking. People will buy from you and they won't buy from Amazon because they want to give you the business because they're so grateful for the information that you're giving them. Because let's face it. A lot of people just start working out. They just start getting into this. They have no idea about anything. They're so overwhelmed. They don't even know what to buy from Amazon if they even, if they even could go to Amazon. So, to come into a store like yours, be educated, find out what they should be using and why they're using it. They're willing to pay for that knowledge. And the way they pay for it is they patronage, they patronage, excuse me. They get patronage to your store and they purchase products from you. And I think that's a great thing that you guys are doing. And that's I think why you're so successful. And you know, besides the customer service, you come in and you're looking for something. He doesn't tell you get this, get to get all these things. He tells you what you need to get. He could make more money by selling different things, right? Everybody. He gives you what you want because what good is a customer that you dump something on. And they never come back. I have guys want all the belts, X number belts. They say, you don't want extra smalls. You're not going to sell any. I could sell a hundred more belts if I was just a dump belts on them and they stuck with a hundred belts. What good is that to me? I want them to buy the belts that are going to sell and keep re-automatic. Same thing with the customer. He feels comfortable. He comes in. Peter was a national policy champion. He's done it all. He's knowledgeable of what he's telling you. He gives you what you want. You're going to come back again and he's going to get sell you more stuff. You don't have to buy it all on one day. So it's trust. Trust is 21 years. I'm 32 years. You have to have a trust. You have to have loyalty and you have to have. That's what you have to have. That's what it is. You can't just screw people. Yeah. Where do you see the supplementary industry going in the next five, 10, 20 years from now? Would you see it pretty much saying the same? What do you think? We're going to have less companies, more companies. What's your take? Have a good historical perspective because you saw it from the inception. Yes. I am as on obviously is going to kill a lot of people. But I think they're going to kill everyone anyways. I think they're going to kill themselves eventually because we all know they're selling the stuff cheaper than what you sell it to them for. They're going through the old USA today deal where they would sell a paper for nickel to cost a quarter. They got the customers. But I don't think it's going to work like that in a supplement industry. I don't think it's going to work that way. I don't know. I hope that it doesn't hurt us, but you don't know what's going to happen. I got news to you Steve. I think Amazon doesn't sell as cheap as some of these other websites out there that I've seen. They're pretty good. They're not ridiculously low. But I think that some of the other websites will be more damaging to them. Amazon will probably write. But it just comes down to like, you know, when you want to find information, what do you say? Google it. What's the point where I want to get something to say? Amazon. It's just two words that are thrown out there. Well, people go there and they read their reviews. But you know, sometimes people, a lot of the bad reviews on Amazon are because of this gruntled customers, not necessarily because of product is bad. So you have to really interpret those reviews. For me, as a guy coming up, I still like going into a store and talking to a human being in person. And getting the information and hearing them say it to me and explain it to me, that is invaluable. I will pay for that information every single time. Now, obviously, once you know what you want, you know, where do you go by the product? Well, you know what, if someone gave me that much information and I found them to be that reliable, then I'm going to give you the business because I'm not going to shop you for a dollar. I'm not going to do that. Right. You'll loyal. That's what that's how it's supposed to be. You come in, you get the knowledge, you know, people, but some people will sell you well for a dollar. So they have to live with that. I mean, it's about, again, the customer service, the feeling you, I mean, he's friends with all these people. It's cost me said, but yes, he becomes friends. You, I would feel horrible buying something. You know, if I have a friend as a restaurant, I don't go to a different restaurant, and I feel horrible. I'm happy to have a guy cheat on my friend's restaurant. That's kind of the, that's kind of what I'm about. On his loyal is against it. If that's what I'm about. Let's see, you wrote people up there. Yeah, you've always been a whale type of guy. That's just your character. Let's see, you wrote a book a couple years ago. You told us about Coltones weightlifting, and you're making it available now on your website for free. Is that right? Yes. Well, what I did was my uncle, when I first started younger, he taught me, you know, I made some mistakes. I taught my, you know, I trained. Then when my nephew came around, I started him and was like, eight years old, the book is kind of written about him. It's called Howard Champion is made. So back in the early, I'm talking before, computer, and putting images, I actually documented his training, his records, all his things from the time he was 12 to the time of your 16 and a half. Wow. So I wrote the book on experience, my experience, making my mistakes, trying to take the time to stay for a while, giving to my nephew that turned out, you know, six, two, not something to grow. All that, both of you. Right. He became a successful athlete. He didn't make it to the next level in sports, but he became a successful businessman. That's what weight training does for us. It makes us, it makes us dedicated. It makes us, it makes us, it makes us, it's what it is, you know, you dieting, training. You just can't do it. It sounds easy, but it makes you a stronger, better person. So with that, you carry that through your life experience, and then he, you know, now he's in business, he's successful. He carried all those things with him. And now, you know, the book should be read by all kinds of kids, because it doesn't stop your growth. It doesn't slow you down. It doesn't do all this bullshit. It makes you a better athlete, makes you fast, a stronger, bigger. It's nutrition. It's so much. So everything I documented is in there. So I say, hey, selling books now with social media, you know, the world is the limit. It's not, money doesn't motivate me. I would rather help kids, kids, I was a school teacher. Kids still come up to your kid ran in today, dangly for being a good teacher. I was in, not he was in that world, not so, but, you know, we had a good feeling. And I, I said an example. I don't drink, I don't smoke, I don't party, I could look at your son or your daughter and say, oh, you don't drink it. I don't drink it all. So I have no problem. I want to set an example. So I want the kids to know that you can, you can be successful in something. If you all get these traits early age and this is all done to weight training, I believe. So yes, the book is available. You just download it for free. The parents, the kids can read it. It's, I don't know. To me it's a good read. I have another little nephew coming up. I haven't hit him with the yet, but he's going to be the next generation where I will do more functional training where I have my nephew to power, if you know, you know, 15, looking back, maybe maybe not 1,500 to 15. But the next one will be more functional for athleticism rather than, you know, training. I think it's great. My son is obviously only 2 and a half, but you know, I'm already thinking, all right, what are we going to get him into a little league and football and all this, and obviously you know, weight training and eating properly is going to be a big part of his program. I think it's for, you know, I obviously have a lot of experience in this, but you know, for the average parent, they don't know anything about this stuff. So that's a great book to them to be able to download for free, go through and use what they want out of the book and at least not feel like they're lost and they're not misguiding their kids, you know? And you know, it's, it's document that is not just someone reading it and telling you, it's documented. I've been on studies at Tufts University on protein. I've done it all so I'm giving you my experience, some the haulage, but more experience on experimentation and the outcome is, is where you want to be. You cannot compete today in any sport if you do not wait for him. I agree. I agree. I agree. You know, you're way behind it. If you don't stop young in the guy that is a stronger faster, dedicated to terming guy will out be just a talented, which does nothing. Cultures don't even want them anymore. No, you know, you know, back when we were kids, we did pushups and pullups and sit up to somebody that, but now wait for him, he is the thing and you're right. It gives these kids an advantage because they're stronger and, you know, they're more powerful and the field they're more explosive. And let's face it. That's what, you know, athletics is all about having those those traits. So I think it's a great service you're doing and the website is what Steve Cardillo.com. No, my website is Cadillula USA. I'll be pumping it up on it. I'll be pumping a social media. I get a lot of celebrities going to be kind of throwing it out there a lot of athletes who be throwing it out there just because like I said, I don't want any money. I was going to try to get a doll of the charity, but I'll get charity in other ways, which I usually do. But the belt is, I mean, the book is strictly free. I just want kids to be comfortable in their parents to be comfortable, so that it's just good. It's just the way it should be. They should, you know, they should be able to feel comfortable about it because parents are concerned about stunting the growth and all the other stuff. Steve, a final question. How many belts do you think you've solved in the last 32 years? Oh, God, man. We can't go to that. We can't go down there. A lot of belts. Just a reboc deal alone was good enough. Over 10,000? Oh, wait, wait more than 10 dollars. Wow. When I was a reboc, I was in 13 of the major chains. Wow. Yeah. It's done. I'm sports authority. All the big boys. I didn't know that. And that was five years into the business. So I pollinate a little bit and just kept going. Congratulations, Steve. I know all your business, uh, acumen and accomplishments and thanks for always supporting us species nutrition and the arts muscle website. And we'll get you back again. We'll get some more updates on what's going on in your life. And you're an interesting guy and the fans love you. I really appreciate you. The show I appreciate you having me on. I love your products and anything you've been through and what we'll do is we will have a giveaway with the species belt when this is is. Oh, we'll be good to go. All right. How are we going to do that? We're going to win that thing. Well, they're going to go to like Kiddillo weight belts, Instagram, right? And there'll be a whole thing. Basically, just simply just follow both of us. Put a comment on your waist size and I pick one person who's deserving of the belt and that's how you get them. All right. I hear you. You guys. It doesn't get much better than that. That's it. Species belt is up for grabs. Hit the cardill. That's the gram and make sure you put your wet waist size up there. Put a picture yourself up. Tell us how much you love the cardill of belts. When you might receive a free species nutrition, one of a kind green belt. So, thanks for coming on. Appreciate you. Take you time. Thank you, my friend. I appreciate it. All right. And that's going to take us to the end of another episode of live with brought you by species nutrition. Visit speciesutrition.com. I'm Dave Palombo and we'll see you next time.