Welcome back to Muscle in the Morning on Day of Palombo and today is Thursday July 5, 2018. And let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Sometimes a little change of scenery helps you get your mind and your body back into a clear space. It allows you to grow and evolve. But if you don't believe me, all you need to do is take one good look at Classic Physicist standout, David Petra and you'll start to figure it out. After spending a few years battling it out of the 2012 division, Petra looks like he's finally found his natural home over in Classic Physic. Where you put together the best effort of his career last month back at the Omaha Pro. The rumors I'm hearing from my people close to the Petra camp tell me that he's ready to bring his talents across the border to the Vancouver Pro this weekend. We're hoping to put together his second straight top five finish from a conditioning standpoint. This guy should be right up there as one of the top two or three athletes on the stage. So if you can come in full enough to really make it all pop, he's got enough of the tag to put himself in contention for the victory. Listen up, if you're an athlete competing in the 2018 Mr. Olympia, now a big good time for you to turn away quickly, otherwise you risk taking a mic Tyson 1988 style gut punch right here. But for everyone else, what you're looking at right now is in some Photoshop deal. What you're seeing is a brand new big ramen update that was released earlier this week from Oxygen Jim owner, Beta Vedaid. I don't know if Beta's been out there casting new spells on the magic mirror or what, but the ramen we see in these photos looks like something that steps straight out of a spaceship from another planet. Whether or not this ends up being another desert garage 10 weeks from now is still really anyone's guess at this point. But if this crazy is fine to wait to actually touch down on stage, I'll go and record right now and say that Phil heats run to tie the title is in some serious trouble. About a month or so ago, I had someone tell me that the NDC TV show Chicago Fire is one of the most underrated binge watch TV network shows of all time. But two days from now, the only fire I'm concerned with out there in the Wendy city is the one that Sergio Leave Jr's bringing with him to the Chicago Pro stage over the last two weeks. So Sergio has been cranking up the hype machine to another level now that he's knocking on the door up performing right there in front of the city that made him for his season debut. Even if you take the home cooking element out of the equation, you still can't forget the lingering beef that Sergio has with you know who, which only as even more fuel to the fire heading into the weekend. So now that he's about to have the pressure all on him, let's see if the young kid has what it takes to handle the heat that goes along with putting yourself in the spotlight. Speaking of a Chicago Pro right now, at least on paper, it looks like the two 12 line up as anyone's for the taking and one athlete who looks like he might be ready to step up to the plate. It's soon to be rookie sensation on me, Juma. The former UK national champ is less than 48 hours away now from touching down for his IFBD Pro League debut. And what a lot of people in the know have been saying is that he's got a shot at coming in and pushing for a top five spot. So when you look at what he did at the amateur level, it's obvious that Juma has one of those super round 3D looks that always seems to do well at the 212 level. So if you can handle his business from a conditioning standpoint and show up at his all-time best, he's a guy who could really upset the lineup by sneaking out there with the win before anyone even knows what hit them. And that does it the end another edition of Muscle in the morning. I'm Dave Palombo, reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Thanks for watching!