Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Food Expo, so it's 30-year-in-a-row, and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry. It's a low-car hot tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. I'm Dave Polumbo and today is Wednesday, June 2, 2021, and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. It's the first Wednesday of June, and hopefully the sun is shining wherever you're watching this from. But if it's not hopefully this brand new edition of Recap Wednesday, we'll be enough to get you through the day. So let's get things started with a recap of the Cal Pro. With the big headline here coming from Patrick Moore, as he secured his trip back to the Olympia stage by delivering the best performance of his career. Muhammad Shabon slid comfortably into second in his season debut, edging out another strong effort from third place finisher, Hassan Mustafa, fourth place went to Mokamit, Elamon, and closing out this really impressive top five was Eddie Bracamante's, who's actually placed top five or better here for three straight years. Midwest, we had another big event on the slate at the first annual Milwaukee Titan Pro, and we're starting off our coverage here with the classic physique division where we saw George Calalau bring in his all-time best, which helped him punches ticket to the Olympia weekend for the first time in his career. In men's physique, one of our pre-show favorites, Rodriga, Chesner, kept his hot streak alive by earning his first win of the season. The bikini division was a little bit of a surprise here, mostly because second year pro, Chanky Lee basically came from out of nowhere to beat a lineup full of current and former Olympians, so congratulations to her for a job well done, and in wellness, the two names we gave you in our weekend preview last Friday came out and made us look smart, as Isabella Nunez earned her win and second place finisher's sunny Andrews finally earned her Olympia qualification after stringing together her third straight top three finish of the season. For going to keep it in the Midwest for this next second because what we saw from Derek Lundsford at the NPC Grand Rapids last weekend was too good not to share. Derek went on stage as the featured guest poiser and damn the ihrbwrote the entire house down by stepping out there and looking like some sort of cartoon character. We followed Derek throughout his entire offseason process and after seeing this, I think we can honestly say that he's never been this big and look this good before full stop. I know there's been a lot of talk from Keon Pearson and even George Peterson to a certain degree and those two both deserve all the praise they get. But Derek's name deserves to be mentioned right up there with the best of them. He's at another level now and hopefully everyone else in the division is paying attention unless of course we see him in the open. And finally, I wanted to close out today's show by sending my thoughts and prayers out to Dusty Hanshaw who's dealing with some serious medical issues right now which many of you may have already heard about. I don't want to go into the details of what happens here because I don't think it is the right form for that. You want the full story behind what's going on. You could find it at the Go Fund Me link on this Instagram page. I'm encouraging all of you to go out there and check it out and if you're able to make a donation to support Dusty and his family, I'm sure your generosity would not be lost on them. But even if you aren't able to, we all have the ability to send our thoughts, prayers and best wishes out to Dusty family and friends in a time when they desperately needed. Get well soon, champ. We're all rooting for you. And that doesn't be any other addition of muscle in the morning. On day polumbal reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.