10th and 9th You must and I will repeat There ready for two guys who can't handle the truth The truth you can't handle the true word we can't be Lumball Chris Asito Orangemuscle.com presents every muscle Leo Watch us Welcome to another episode of Heavy The muscle radio I'm daypalumball I'm joined as always by the technician Chris Asito On this What's it today? August 5th 2018 No it's the 6th It's the 6th You know I were recording this early It's actually August 6th 2018 and Chris you're still down there in Tampa After the camp of Pro Has led out And Alexis Rolone has defeated Sergio Leaver Jr And a very narrow Close knit Contest Poor Sergio has to be relegated The second twice now in the same year After that big near Pro when you're before this And what is Sergio's mental state right now? Well I just put it in the same as I am You checked it You checked it Yeah no he's so great He's happy Because I guess he's qualified for the Olympia now Which was you know he wanted to win the show Of course Obviously when you look good By the bill is always happy He looked good You know you get you know people like Yeah yeah you look great So you know he's happy about that Well this was a little bit of a recognition For Alexis Rolone Because the Alexis lost the narrowly a couple years ago To hear to our good friend of Key Williams I remember that There are a lot of people who are very upset about that And you know what I hope to Key in that year I have to say Alexis was harder than he came But you know Keyman a little more muscle than But it looks like Alexis is added quite a bit of muscle Since the last time we saw him here in Tampa Yeah no he looked excellent He's definitely grown in the last two years Since that Second place to rock him And you know he looked really good In a nutshell I mean there's more detail to it I've gone through it with you in terms of like There was they had an epic final Model or model Posing Whatever Posing You know usually that's where I would think Sergio Would shine because he likes that Like you know He did Man man Did he do all that? Yeah I had him winning I had him winning I know people have roughly upper norms Because I bought him I didn't have him winning But I had him winning But this is the flip side If someone You know I never talked to Judges and some judge I met tonight He said Came up to me in Sergio And city almost pulled the camera out Trying to figure out who would win He told me in Sergio straight up he said You know I could make a decision at the end But Alexis Sergio loved that He said he could make a decision at night He said I could make a decision at night He said I could make a decision at night He said I could make a decision at night He said Sergio I had you at night He had the other guy in pre-judging He didn't know what to do That's why we can compare you guys over and over And I just went with my gut Now I'm going to ask you a question Don't even think just answer Okay If this show took place in New York who wins Sergio Right Okay If this show takes place in California who wins Along Okay What about if this show takes place in Chicago So you think only New York Sergio It comes out ahead Because of the New York crowd behind him Yeah Yeah You can see the view It's more cool You can see the view You can see people like it like our age And our kids So they know that Sergio is the son of a woman I love here You know some people get a little nostalgic of that Probably go a little bit Get a little bias to get wild I looked at the pictures And of course I was there You were there I thought from the pictures We can have them get a great wrap You'll love it Yeah, now we're going to wrap up Should be up by the time people listen to this radio show So we will get your analysis Got analysis right after the show Let out I thought from the pictures I thought Sergio looked a little better And a lot of shots But once again it's really hard to tell Because they're both so hard And sometimes hardness doesn't really show In the pictures as well as it doesn't person So maybe Rolone was a little more Gritty than Sergio and certain shots I don't know What do you think that what do you think made the judges pick Because you obviously are bias because you help Sergio, why do you think the judges went with Rolone? I think that they probably went with him Because he had Deeply crushed radio quads Even though Sergio's quads in pre-jageable Is good if not better than Rolone's Because they're bigger And on the side chest he's got very full pecs And he's got a right The quote right looking side chest You know what I mean? It just looks right It pecs are strided You know from show the arms ties and well But I mean if you go pose pose You can say I think Sergio wins a front poses I think Sergio wins the back poses I think Rolone wins The most muscular Or at least close I think Rolone wins the side try I think Rolone wins the side chest I think they both have terrible abs and thighs And so there you know if you break it up that way Sergio, you know big in the line up He's wired and anyone in the line up You know that helps a little bit Right It's funny, you know I start this way I judge very quick When they called for I thought Sergio was very comfortable Same Sergio won Then when they called him on the pre-jetion last call I got stopped That was quick You know the Rolone that I thought Oh quite a quick You know that call out like Maybe I missed a 90 missed on the first call I was just really shopping up a lot And then I thought even shopping up a lot more for night So that's how I saw it Then I run into the set Oh yeah Sergio got much hotter at night The room on soft or something like that I don't know You know No height It's like bleed opposite I'll say one thing about what Rolone's got going for He's got a lot of mature Grany Detailed muscle on his body And I think Sure We like the flow of Sergio's body better His coloring is really good on stage Because he got their really good skin like his father You know And I think that you want to pick Sergio Because you got the whole nostalgia thing going behind him He happens to be very charismatic on stage I think Rolone's physique is a little more mature Maybe he did say that And I think that it becomes very It comes down to like what do you like better And I think certain driving panels will pay Who do you think he has a real question This is the most important question Who does better at the Olympia That's which look will translate better on to an Olympia stage It's me I think he will tell you I think he is bigger I think big usually translate better on the Olympia stage Because they both condition But why is big drink? Tell me why Mr. Olympia is always notoriously the side from Philly He is a big guy He is like the fighter You're a freakier guy He is usually Mr. Olympia So it's always the mass guys that are clashing on a limpist stage. Phil actually happens to be probably, you know, has basically taken that rule and thrown it out the window the last eight years because, you know, he's never been the biggest guy on stage. But he does appear sometimes 3D-wise being the biggest. So, he's the most cartoonist. Yeah, he's the freakiest looking on stage. So I can, you know, that kind of trump sometimes, like, you know, the big rotty type, hugeness. But let's say, it big usually is better on the limpist stage. And that's always the better way, that's why really winked at us while in the limpia. He's huge. And it's impressive. He can, he can hold his own on that stage. Dennis Wolf, he's, that's why Dennis Wolf held his own, always on that stage. He always did better on the limpist stage, usually when he did, on the local shows. The regional shows because he's just more impressive in that line of structure wise. Sometimes when you do the smaller shows, the bigger guys get, like, kind of get shunted off because they don't really match up well against anyone. Unless they're superb, you know, they, they just, they just, they just, sometimes don't, don't do as well. Or it doesn't, they pan out as well to them. But on the limpia stage, that really size really helps. Just like you get the trail, so it's not that big. And he would always win these pro shows during the year. And then go to the limpia and get slaughtered because he just wasn't big enough. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, people, if they're just hearing you're going to really well-dry. Yeah, if they didn't even, if they wouldn't just win work, it would be like, they don't be very every year. Yeah. Well, let's talk about Max Charles, who plays third year. Good Max Charles, great Max Charles somewhere in between. Somewhere in between. Good type of body from the front. You know, just, you know, Max has got the inside out peel to get his back down. Right. And if he does, then usually his legs disappear on torch on. Yeah. Very hard to get that fine balance between upper and lower on him. But the fact that he really places top five almost every time he competes, tells you how good he is just from a genetic standpoint and from a muscle standpoint. He just, you know, it's the old Joel Stubbs phenomenon. Joel Stubbs had the best greatest back of all time in bodybuilding, better than Ronnie Coleman. But he had to, you know, he had the leg issue. Couldn't get the legs up the size. So he had, but he had good condition. You know, so Max was a button cold there. Right. But it seems like Max always somehow, you know, sneaks into that top five just because he's big. Now, in the fifth position, okay, we had kind of another one. What, you know, what? You know what? You miss what? Oh, excuse me. Did I miss fourth and purpose? Yep. Yeah, you must have. Justin Rodriguez. Yeah. Better than New York. Same. Um, I think that he was probably the same just that, you know, if you minus out, you know, volume and Sergio, then you'd probably say, like if Sergio and the loan were not as good as they were, then you'd say, oh, he's, you know, he's better than New York, but because he's grown up against two guys when like great condition. Yeah, but you know what? Justin Rodriguez has good legs, really good legs, and he beats, he lost the Max Shaw, so what had that happened? Um, I would probably have a head of Max. Really? Okay. Ah, well, you know, it's, it's, it's, it's toss. Max is like ticker from the front. I mean, Rodriguez was in the best shape, you know? Hmm. That's what I was going to say, but I'm letting him in. And he's probably going to, him in, him in Sergio had happened, having like a friendly, Instagram view. Well, it seems like Justin likes to view to all these guys. I think he tries to get into their head, you know? You can't get into Sergio's head, dude. No, I think Sergio thrives on that type of style. Oh, are you kidding? I look at the rear back double buy of Justin Rodriguez. Who, by the way, is looking more and more like victim Martinez physique wise every day. Um, I hate to say, but he probably would be too wealthy worked with you. I, you like those type of physics that you have to just get inside out, twisty, twisty, yeah, conditioned, you know? You smell them. He's dialed in with a camel curl. Can I get it in? Oh, he, he is officially still working with them. Yeah, you, well, well, they'll say no. Now that Sergio beat him, but he, from behind he doesn't deserve to be, Max Charles, I'm sorry. I'm a funny looks good, but he has a little layer of water. He looks like victim Martinez. He has the same, the, don't you think he's got the same arm? He's got better legs than the Victor, I think. He's got the same waistline. I bet he, if he's back, got shrink wrapped. He probably looked just like him when he wanted to go to the old three night of champions when you helped Victor. There's a lot of similarities for sure. Very, very similar structure. I see it. If you take, you look at the pictures and take, this, you take Justin's head off him. It looks just like Victor. I would think it was Victor. If you just show me that body, I'd be like that, Victor. Yeah. Yeah. So I, I think they'd write Justin's screwed himself here by not really coming in shape. I think it would, it could have been a three man, you know, a three man show and that top three, he would have been his best. Yeah. He was better than Chicago for sure. He was definitely better than Chicago. I still don't think we've seen the best of him this year. No, I don't need her. I don't need her. Now, talk to me, where did Sergei Kulli F come from? He's another camel cool guy. Oh, he is. He's a Russian. Yeah, just extinguishing these guys to it. Love brightens out of him. He's Russian though. I know, but you know, they don't matter. They go from, they, who's from Kuwait who trained in Kuwait? That's true. Sure. He was better in Chicago. He's a very nice guy. Yes. Yes. I spoke with him through Trump's translator. Who, Rajasthan? Yeah, but I'm just going to say, Rajasthan. Who's probably being indicted this week and he was on our expulsor two months ago. Yeah. Maybe we'll get him on again once he gets some died. I'm going to get him with, you know, I mean, I'm going to get the men and his brothers. I think it's a hell with him. Now, I see, I see Sergei and his, excuse me, Sergei. And his glutes, hamstrings, legs are ridiculous with him. And then I see the bat. His back is not that hard looking from the pictures. Oh, he was just, he's flat here. Oh, okay. It was good. Yeah, no. He was, you know, I think what happened in his, I think he was just a little bit different. I think I'm guessing in Chicago he was really good. And I think he was just as lean and all that stuff is here. I think he was just burnt out. And I don't know if he went back to Russia and came back, which is a big trip. More if he just stayed here out of his environment. And he just didn't have the pop and wow factor. Then he had three weeks ago. Yeah. Talk to me about six place for sheet old record who by the way didn't, I did not work with the show. Mark and his girlfriend. He wanted to try something new. Yeah, but she was big of course. And in some areas very hard and lot of areas hard. He just suffers with like, you know, his, he needs, he's narrow for all that muscle. Yeah. And all by himself. But that said, and I was going to say all by himself. He looks crazy, but he should have placed higher. Period. You think that he didn't get what he said. Yeah, because I can tell you deny all that muscle. He's got a lot of muscle. He looks like he was pretty conditioned here. His lower back is a little too weak. Looks a little to be a little tired of it. It's pretty good. I mean, for the pictures. Yeah. I agree. I wouldn't have had a higher. Well, but I mean, he doesn't know, you know, he could have been surgery. He could have been. He could have fallen as, you know, 5, 4, 4, 5. But I know what you mean. It's weird. He's got a lot of muscle. When you see him standing in the lineup, he doesn't look that big. Or that wide. I should say. No. You know what I mean? It's weird. It's a weird thing. It's a, it's a illusion. I know, but it's, uh, it's kind of a little strange. But hey, top six. You know, he doesn't, uh, it's still pretty good in this lineup. Like I said, this is not a week line up by any means. Brad Row, how do you look? This is a good placing for him seven place by the best all year. Yeah, no. He was very hard. He was a little disappointed. You know, he was, you know, he was, he was a little bit more full than this. Anyway, if I'm, um, maybe broken to the top six. I mean, he just recently, I think, place fifth to six is cargo, which we still about. Yeah. You've said before he has the worst genics and bodybuilding but he's the hardest work. Yeah. He probably hates me, but I say that is a compliment to he doesn't get it. It's a, it's like when I say, feel I hate personally. When you say it by Guy, I'm assuming, Guy loves that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I love that. But I think Brad doesn't get it. He takes a personal vote. What I'm saying is, you know, Brad is a type of guy who, well, frankly, with, you know, his coach genetics. A lot of people would even turn pro and he just will do the way. You know, to turn pro. Yeah. He's got pro caliber legs for without a doubt. I mean, that's probably on stage. And then the upper body is just a little behind them. He's got the small arms that is back. That's just a little bit, but he's got the big enough. But his, I mean, his peel tears. I've, I haven't seen it. Well, so you know, Nick, you like a little. He saw something that you can inject into the by. He's got the power. Chris, you're the greatest. You're the greatest. Lucas Carroll, you impress. I'm looking for Lucas Carroll. What's he look like? I forgot what he was like. I just thought his legs were a little small. Who is the guy who just won the USA? I don't know. Oh, yeah, this him. That is him. I should, I should know. I just didn't interview the guy on our X-mas. Yeah, no, he, he looked. He won the heavyweight class. Yeah, at the USA. He looked great. He looked great. He, he looked great. Consider a big jump to a jet pro show. Um, you know. I don't think he was as peeled as he was at the USA. What do you think about that? Yeah. I think that's a problem. I think I try to come up with two big and the first hit the pros. I'm picking that bigger as better. And, you know, if you're going to sacrifice conditioning, then it's not. Probably in this line of heavy coming, like you did at the USA, probably would have been higher. But I guess you still got to figure top 10 at your first pro show. We can't have the eternal pro. It's pretty damn good. You know, it's pretty good. Yeah, it's big. It is a press of actually, you know. I think that's definitely a win. That's a win. That's a win. You know, punitive. On win, it was a knife. You know, what's your opinion if it's him? He just, he's, he's not. He's a cliche dialed in. Um, you know, he's round around with any's ever been. And he's, you know, he's pretty tight but not very tight. And he's mostly driving, not totally dry. And, you know, in a tough line of p. crashes tonight, I think last year he was, um, pop. I think it was fourth last year. Yeah. When I, you know, I could tell when people were in shape by looking at their face. He doesn't have that hollowed out cheek look. He looks a little full face to me. Yeah. And he's hard. He's by, so maybe he overcarved. I don't know. This certain policy, I see. It looked really good. Like his front doubles. What do you do? What carbs is something. Yeah. I think that's probably. Uh, Joel Thomas. We've, you know, when Joel, when Joel first hit the pros, when everyone. I remember when Joel first hit the scene, the body of the movie. Everyone, this kid was a prodigy. It was a teenager. And everyone thought he was going to turn pro at 19 and then took him a while. He finally got the pro card in a very, very bad year. By the way, and he's probably got more genetic gifts than a lot of guys on stage. He's put on a lot of masks. What was your opinion of him? What does he need to improve the move up at this point? He looks pretty hard. Um, he needs to, like, head of the right way. Whatever that means. Meaning he's just not. I mean, he just looks good like six weeks out. And then, you know, the day of the show, he looks good. But not like the progress that you would expect from six to five before the three to two to one. He looks like he's got all the tools he needs to do well to pro level. Well, he does. He does. He doesn't have the right formula. What you're saying? No, he doesn't have the magic formula. We'll get the magic formula. We'll have to find out. I thought it was a great Tampa Pro show. You know, it was a great lineup. I know you guys enjoyed yourself out there because spending the weekend with Sergio Oliver Jr. has got to be. What's more to do? Who's more entertaining? The week. The week. Yeah. My wife wants in a way. You have to spend the whole week with these guys out there in Tampa. She's like, that's why you get trouble with the wife. You spend the whole week out there because he came down here to Tampa. Right. See, he was a planning to do the show. You talked to mentor, right? Yeah. I talked to me. He went to Chicago. He got second there. He stayed in Chicago. His hometown ate all the deep dish pizza and all the Greek food. No, you know, what skydives and all this else. And right, right. He did right after the show. I did really. I thought you were kidding. Yeah. Right after the show. I said, you got to do Tampa. And I said, I'm just going to let him like unwind a little bit. So like three days later, I said, I do Tampa. And he didn't even return my call. And then like a week later, I said, you got to Tampa. So he said, let's do it. And so he went down to Tampa early. And he went to Ben's gym. Ben, but mostly. Yeah. And Ben told me, quote, he won't be ready. So because then seeing this guy all blown up from all the pizza. He didn't obviously. Yeah. Yeah. So so I said, a lot of times this one looks very like very much fat like. And I said, is he full? No. I said, he said, no. And he can definitely said no. So I, I think. And then brutal. So friends brutally honest. Yeah. Yeah. So I came down on Tuesday. Well, it was Friday, show two because we're getting. I'm getting my head out of my supplement. I helped 10,000 Pierre, which is a Friday pre-judging. Right. So you're saying to me that on Tuesday when you got the surgery I still didn't look good. You know, no, he didn't. But I know his lot of looks like fat. It's weird. Like you don't you know you must have been nervous. You must have been nervous. Yeah. I love it. You know, I said, don't worry about it. So what do you do it? What would you do with them? What did I next come up with? You know, I, I, I, I, I, I reached into my magic dandelion. But yeah, but you don't know what you're doing. That was not with the common conception as a money, a money, the, the, the, the, the, No, it's not common, but, but Nick Eli, Lily says, I, I actually believe that Chris has absolutely no idea what he's doing. And I, it doesn't really matter. You do pretty well for someone who doesn't know what the fuck they're doing. I got an interview. No. So, I, I, I like depleted them down to like, smithereens. Right. I had them depleted. Actually, you know what's funny? That the, the day that Ben said, um, he looked terrible. I hadn't gone need like. Anyway, because I knew it was going to be depleted. My said, Ben says you look terrible. So he better, you know, what are you reading? He picked the, the very, very, very, very, very, very low carbs. So he went, like, Tuesday when I think he went low carbs up until. Uh, I, I gave him a little carbs on Thursday. And I actually did surprisingly low to up a little bit of a try, which surprised me. But his body's weird. It responds quickly. And it holds water. And when he drops, when he, when he, when he, like, when his carbs go down. Uh, and he depletes like he doesn't really flatten out. No, when when when he eats carbs, they, you know, it just seems to like, magically seriously suck the right water into the muscle. It was just, it just transforms. Let me translate that for the people listening. He's a genetic freak. Yeah. Which, well, with that we can from Nick, uh, either I Lily's statement, I don't know what I'm doing. Well, you obviously know how to manipulate his genetics, is it so, right? I know I just picked the guys with the best genetic. That's right. I see, so you have to do anything. I got you, right? I've been into a guy by the way, who nickname Black C. No, because I work with Black guys. Black C. What about Jay? Jay kind of ruins that whole. Yeah. You know. People, when you're working with Jay, they said, I would, Chris only works with these white guys, right? Yeah, what I was doing. Yeah, what I was doing. Oh, my god. Doesn't get any better than that. See, so I came down to his feet. Yeah. And because I knew, uh, Henry Pierre was coming in. Mm-hm. And I knew Sergio had been here. So I said, don't come down. I'll take a little vacation from the kids from the home schooling. Right. Yeah. Well, I never do anyway. Yeah. And, uh, and I'll just make sure that you, you know, I'll pull some rabbits out of my hat and hit you with a magic, uh, dandelion root and the magic muffins and see what happens. And it worked. Well, almost worked. I guess I could say it's a good one. Yeah, I'm in. Yeah. Exactly. I think I would. I should have a good one. Yeah. Was Ben Pocoski surprised? Yeah. Was it like, yes, he would be a successful man. Did you talk to him? No, I didn't see him. I didn't see him. I did see Ben in the gym today because Jim, did he will a test that we showed up the morning of pre-judging and started to pump up his chest and back for one and a half hours. So yeah. And we want right to pre-judge. Yeah. Let me hear about this now. Right. So he competed this morning, which was Saturday morning. And then he decided he was going to go do a chest workout. That sounds like a full-fledged. What was that? A full pre-judging he did this. A full, full-fledged, full hardcore chest workout. Like what? Like full of stuff. How much was he benching? Oh, I mean, machines, but you know, like drop set street plates. Um, uh, on, you know, all these machines that Ben has. He did probably did 25 exercise per chest and 18 for back. I did back too. Yeah. Let me ask you this question. Did he, did he, did he look better or worse on the same? Yeah. He did look better. He did look better. So, you know what? I know I like to be a dictator about, I'm a friendly dictator. So I listen and he said, you know what? I know this will work. So I said. See, you were actually supervising this? I swear Dave, I wish we had a video. Was Ben there? He never said. He was eating between every sat. Was Ben there? Yeah. Ben was right. Was Ben like just taking his head like something. I think he could get a look because I know Ben thought. I was going to get killed. You got to call up Ben and ask. Yeah, I got to ask. I think he was going to get killed. Ben must be thinking of himself. If Chris is here with him in the training, like this, he must look so bad. Yeah. Now at this point, are you saying to yourself, I don't think we were not going to pull this out. Did you think of that? No, no, no. I thought that I saw him the night before. Right. We were in the gym. He was sweating like crazy. He was getting tightened. When he sweats, he doesn't really like, you know, a lot of people sweats. He just deflate. Right. And he was getting better. He's a gentleman. We're there during a giant rainstorm in the power and out in the gym. He continued to ice. He's got that on video. I'm sure he'll post it. He continued to train, right with the right, right the dark. That's great. I love it. So he had done back the night before, like 40 seconds. How do you not give the F, see if they had known the backstory of the judges on this? They would have definitely given them the win because they would have been a great story, you know, after how I won the tap or proud, you know? Well, it was trick into up my crest. Yeah. I was tricking to doing the shot, right. Exactly. Yeah. You see what I had to do? Because Chris tricked me into doing the shot. I didn't even do the shot. Anyway, I didn't even want to do the shot. They didn't want to do the shot. I don't want to do the shot. I want to do the shot. I just happy did it. You know what? He was shocked when, you know, the, the, the, the, the pleasant news was I was told someone said, you qualify to the Olympia, GG. Okay. I'm going to show. Now he didn't go last year, right? No. No. No. No. No. Here's a question. I don't really know the answer to it. Is he the first son of a Mr. Olympia to ever do the Olympia? Has to be. Yeah. It's pretty amazing. Yeah. I think that's pretty cool. Is he the first son of an Olympian to do the Olympia? How about that? Um, that one I'm not sure. I don't know. Do you know of any other sons of who guys he went to the Olympia? I'm sure there's probably someone out there. I don't know. I saw a date. Um. John Hanson will have to. Yeah. We're going to ask the, the new historian there. Yeah, he's in the hole in there for three years. I said there was a day after he said there was something on the top. My mom was in the tent and he came over and he had help with it for thefernty. Don't worry. Are you really saying something? Did you get out of there? Yeah. Absolutely. I'm anointed. He's the lead here right now. Yeah. or really if people would love it. Like he said, you know, put it in the last case. Yeah. Let's talk about the two-to-a-half division. Nicholas Vulliad wins here. Last year obviously controversy. A lot of he had some Jimmy out there, some Scott Distance, some shoulders. It was kind of cut a seasoned short after that Charlotte Pro that he played second at. It comes back here. I don't know if he's hearing anyone complaining about anybody. Body parts. What was your impression of him? Solid win. Solid win. Solid pretty solid win. I mean he's like, last week I talked about B version. He's a B version of Lee Priest. Yeah, he's pretty freaking like what? Yeah. Yeah, he's freaking looking, but he's a little squaddy. And he's lacking a back. That's a problem. Yeah, it's a big problem. When you shorten lacking a back, it's, you know, I guess if you like it in a back at any height level, it's an issue. But you know, site chastise, I try to set up pretty freaking muscle muscular, freaky, standing in the line up. So I surprisingly hard to find in the line up. Makes him seemingly overrated all the side. He has a lot of dense, freaky, lush muscle that went to say. Yeah, but he don't look like the Instagram photos, which I always say, you know, you know, you hate that. You know, you hate that. That's the reason you're in the Instagram photos. But, you know, people get these perfect, like, perfect, perfect. And then they filter them. And then, you know, then you salmon, skating the very laksas line up. And he's very vulnerable, standing the line up. Yeah. Yeah. Talk to me about Derek Olson, who comes in second. I don't know anything about him. The meh, I'm just a little bit. I was surprised. He's round. He's lean. He's not ripped. He's not big. I think he just landed in a based on his quote, shape and flow. Kind of a small way. So yeah, small ways. I mean, I don't have to work back with two of the most overlooked people, like, like, massively so it was Lloyd dollar. And even more so than Lloyd dollar was Mike Argus. Oh, really, Mike Argus. Dick. Six and seven. Mike Argus looked very hard and dense, and with a lot of muscle maturity, which people, you know, in that class, some people did not have a place ahead of them. Well, before we get there, let's get to us while they'll go guns all as a place there. I also another person I really don't know very much about. Very hard, very dense. I mean, very, very sharp. I'm a body was a little weak, but he was over-rewarded, I think, for the condition. So you think you think it went, it turned into a conditioning show, what you're saying? Well, no, because the guy I got second was not in condition. Yeah. Well, he obviously placed because of his structure, is what you're saying. Yeah. I thought the, and I'm not just saying, because I helped him, but fourth place Carthbageau, I helped, I thought he should have been higher. I was kind of a little surprised that he didn't do better, given the fact that these other two guys really weren't household names. And I didn't think they were that spectacular, but I wanted your impression because you were there, obviously. Well, he's way bigger than the guy I get second and third. Yeah, so I thought. And his condition is, I guess, on par with the guy I got second, not as good as I got third, but then I go back to dollar and earnings. He wasn't as conditioned as them, and they got like, you know, crushed, but didn't line up. Yeah. What do you think, uh, I look at Lloyd Dollars' physique, and I really like his good lines. I think he needs still needs a little bit more muscle. I think that might be hurting him. And this line up, but I think his conditioning, I know how he's helped him, definitely dial them in conditioning wise better than I've ever seen him. Yeah, just best he's done for sure. I just think. I'd like to see his legs a little bigger. I think that his legs are still lacking. Yeah, I mean, I could use bigger legs, but I mean, so could the guy I got second. Yeah. So could the guy I got third. You know, the guy I got fourth had giant legs. Yeah, that's, yeah. I thought that, you know, Carrot's badger would, you know, turn pro one of these masters events. But he's a guy who has been a sleeper guy, you know, I just knew it. I told him, I said, look, I don't care how you turn pro. Let's just get the pro card. You're going to be a good pro. And because he's got a lot of muscle on him. And he's got a lot of freak facted to him. And he's shorter than a lot of these guys, which is obviously an advantage as well, because you can hold more muscle through 12. Yeah. He's still can gain 10 pounds in this class. And if you need it too. What did you think of, I used to train the Maradona here who finished in fifth. Maradona was flat from the, he was just flat. He was in condition of flat. I think he had trouble making way probably. Would you say that that was his problem, right? That was out of the world. Yeah, well, two or two was always a problem. But, you know, he's not young anymore. You know, what I do so work with the most years ago. You know, the muscle has a denser snap to it. Yeah, he doesn't look very flat. Yeah, I think if he's able to come in full, he's much more dangerous. Yeah, he might be on the fake muffins or nose. He left me till because he didn't, you know, he said, you don't know. What you talked about at all. And after he left, do we never heard from him again? No, no, it was like a lead balloon. So, boy finishes in sixth, Mike, August, and seventh, I'm looking at him. What about Sylvia Samuel and A. How is his come back? He still come people around. He still making the comeback. He still is by the old responding. He was in jail for a bunch of years. I mean, they didn't respond this time. That was tired. Yeah, the tired looking body this time. He done well previous two shows. But this one, this time around, he was just like wiped out. Ergis has got the Ergis's face looks like he can be hanging out with, you know, you and me, like, eating at the buffet. Yeah, he just looks like a regular guy. And then you look at his physique. And it's like, we should, this guy's like, looks good. The physique of like a 20 year old. He's unbelievable. Totally, totally. Totally. I mean, tell you, skin was thin. I'm sure he's impressive. Yeah. I mean, crazy glutes, hands, like crazy quads. Fabulous front of Bicep, tremendous high chest, great, most muscular. I was, when he first came out and I, you know, I might not know what I'm talking about with contests, but I do with contests reviews. And I thought he'd be in the top for easy. Yeah. He's, he's impressive. He's shrink wraps for sure. He, maybe, maybe, that was Mike's gift. That was always Mike's thing. The fact that he, he's, because he's got to be in his, what, I'll wait 40, so I think maybe 50. Just asked me to say, he has to be at least 45. He's got to be close to me, I think. He's a little younger than me, but not much. And he's still looking good. Good for him. Good for him. Now let's, let's talk about the classic division because that was, well, you know, I want to, I'm going to give you credit. You predicted that Henry P. R. I know would come in here and, and, and, and, and, and, I said, let's, let's, let's, let's screwing off the, the year when, when he did not win. Yeah, you did, you did say that. And I, and I agreed with you, I said, you know, I, I didn't know if he deserved to win, but he definitely deserved to be up there. Wayway, top, top three. And he looks great here. I, this really nothing, I could even say. I don't think there's anything that you could, there's no improvements he really needs at this point. He's bigger than everyone's structure wise to get the tiny ways to get the great lines. Was it even close? Was it, uh, in your imagination? I, I, I, I, I thought he dominated the, you know, the class. So you got unanimous first place vote. So I mean, he's like six, you know, I mean, he's over six feet. It's the height thing that really makes him look impressive because I'm going to tell you one thing, Kion Pearson, okay. And, and I want to just, I want to make a statement here because I can't spend sending me pictures for, for quite a while now. He always sends me pictures and I'm always like amazed when I see this picture. I didn't know who he was when he first started sending me pictures. And I was completely amazed and then we did a muscle in the morning story at him. And I have my, the guy writes the story to me, Corey screwed up his name. Which got him was really embarrassing for me because Kion sends me pictures all the time. And I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm calling Kion Williams, you know, and I, excited, I just read the stories. I added them and I, sometimes, you know, I'm going to the whole thing of my dad and I didn't catch it. And he said, Dave, thanks to the plug, but I, you know, you said my name when I said, oh, man, now now I owe you an interview. I said, but he said, this guy is, is a freak. You know, he's, not as big as, structure wise as Henry. But this guy is going to be the future of this division. I think. Yeah, you know what's so funny? I, I own my apology because I'm doing the wrap up with John Hanson. And I'm thinking, I already, I'm thinking, oh, maybe he'll make it to the lumpy of blah blah blah. He's already been in the Lempia, right? I believe so. Yeah. And he looked, or maybe it was the, oh, I get it. I think it was the Arnold. He looked damn good at the last, at the Arnold, I think it was. No, he's, he's, he's tremendous. He's tremendous. The muscle insertions and the density. I bet he hasn't been training that long. You know, I think he's got, I will do this. He's only what? I don't know. Well, I'm going to get him on the show. We'll get him on live with him on the interview. So, but he's, what a structure he's got. I mean, he's a great poser too. Yeah, very good. If you look at his Instagram, you see these poses he does. Like, these like really, you know, creative poses and put some on Instagram. And those are the usually pictures he sends to me. Except to ways that he check people's Instagram. I check snake. I'm on the snake Instagram page, I don't even bother body balls. And I was blown away by some of the shots he sent me. I'm like, well, this guy's like a, he's like a modern day, Kai Green almost, you know, like a young guy's. Yeah, yeah, he does. He has reminiscent of Kai Green. He just has a way of very artistic way of displaying his physical. Yeah, I'm telling you. I'm predicting right here. He's going to be in the next couple of years. He's going to come into his own. Because he's just starting, I'm telling you. This guy's just getting started. He got fresh muscle. He doesn't have a piece of loose skin on his body. And he will be fighting that on that Olympia stage. And this is his division, I guarantee. I think I think at the wrap-up, the answer said the same exact thing. Oh, really? OK. I know I feel validated. Well, you don't know what you're talking about. I don't even know. No. Well, congratulations to both of those guys. Jason Low also tremendous physique finishes in third day. Yeah, right. I want to put in the plug that's my guy. OK. What's his name? No, I just went to all the more years. Yeah, he started out the Arnold this year. I got 11. You know, I'm going to tough line up. And I've been telling him, he's been doing multiple shows and placing high and multiple shows. But I've been telling him, I saw him the morning and I preached a judgment. And I said that you're going to be highly, highly. It's funny. I can remember anything that I said to people. It comes to bodybuilding. But anything else I can't remember what I did. I said you're going to be highly, highly competitive. It's a tough line up. I don't want to say. I'll pay his lucky place third. I was translating that. I'm thinking, no, he deserved third all day long. No, I'm just saying, but this is a tough line. This is by no means a joke line up. This is really tough line up. I don't know. Yeah, yeah. Well, that was his best. So I mean, I helped you. I've been telling him this. If you pick the right show, if you pick the right show, if you pick the right show, you could win. Show. Yeah. Right. Right. But you know, it's hard to pick the right show. You know, you want to show you sit out. You're like, you look at the line up and you said, I could have won that. I'm going to tell you how tough this line up was in classic. Because I helped the guy, Tony Davis, he placed 11th. And if you look at his pictures, you're going to be like, this guy could have won any other show. You know, this was a real, the top 10 was brutal here at this show. Yeah, it was brutal. I mean, the mid-roy is one of the highest guys in the line up. And he had to finish 8th here. I mean, I just think that the talent pool here was great. So anyone who finished that top 10, I'm looking at all the pictures. And I'm like, every one of these guys is great. We've on time. It's fifth place. Unbelievable, this guy. Yeah. Totally great. We covered him on muscle in the morning the other day. And I was impressed them. And I saw the picture of him. And he looks fantastic in this line up. Who's the guy I've got for what? He looked tremendous too. Yeah, no. I'm going to pull those. I was going to mention him next. I just mentioned Cleveland because I know him. But very clean line, you know, very dense, very, very dense. That's what? Damien Patrick. Yes. Yes. There's a lot of talent in this division. And these are guys that are just coming through some. Damien could have been a little tighter in the legs I felt. But these are guys that are going to over the next couple of years. They're going to be battling it out on that Olympia stage. And we're seeing in class because we have a lot of depth. And the open division, you have a couple of super stars. And then the rest of the pack that crashes. Classic, it's the level of how many good competitors there are is unbelievable. And they're closer together, obviously, because you can't weigh more than what your height limit is. So, yeah, you know what the funny thing is, Henry had to make a height and a weight. Oh, really? Yeah, everyone has a height. Well, because he's like a hair to tall enough to enter. Oh, my God. So it was an albider then. Yeah. But then he's dehydrated to make, okay, this is the craziest. He's dehydrated to make the weight. And you know, sometimes you dehydrate. You get shrink. But let me ask you this question. All right, Chris, let me ask this question. I got a bit about something. Why don't they have, when they start to figure these to have height cards. So you get measured once in your life and that's your height. It doesn't change. And that's it. Why don't the guys get measured and whenever they want whatever they go to a show, they get height measured. That's the height. They put it on the freaking, they put it on their NPC card or the IFB be card. And then they never have to be measured again because here's the problem, okay? Just the human body. Slow and it's high. Yeah, it shouldn't. It's just like you said it's a dehydrated. I don't want to say anything, but I know someone who's not weighting, but height it in. It changes. That four different rows, four different height. But it will. That's why I'm saying pick one height because here's the problem. You don't know what you have to weigh if you're not sure what they're going to height you in it. So if you miss because not because you didn't know what you're doing, but because your height wasn't right, now you can't even compete. If you're lucky, maybe there's a 212 or there's an open in that show and you can jump in it. But a lot of times it's just classic. You go with this show, you spend all this money. You get there and make it that they say sorry, your 10 pounds overweight because you thought you were having a jump. That's pretty drunk this week. Yeah. Yeah. See, this got to be a height. They got to put on the MPs on the IPB card. They got to put the heights on that from that one. And I think that that should be your height for life. You know what, if you shrink a half an inch, you go up a half inch, that doesn't matter anymore. That's your height. And now you know you weight because they look at your card and say, okay, here's your card. He's this height. This is what he has to weigh. You get on the scale. There's nothing to, there's no guessing anymore. It's two nerve rags. Let me try. He's going to try to show. And he doesn't know what he's going to be. What height is going to be. And then he doesn't know if he's, if the 10 pounds over it or half a pound under, it's still silly. I think Bob, on the same floor, it's been put on the scale. Oh, I thought my dear, do you? It's a dumb idea. And then the one moment is falling here. It is. No, no, I, I know someone who competed in a show and they mentioned a different height. So he had it coming out like a totally different weight. No, it's ridiculous. He can't do that. I'm going to tell you. What do you, I, you have a balance of dollars in short of the numbers. So, either. Chris, I'm losing you a little bit. I don't know if you're, if you're falling asleep over there. But, no, I think the reception's got a little weird. But I know what you say. I know what you say. Let's talk about figure for a minute here. The lesson bumps that who has Chris bumps had sister actually wins here. Qualifies for another Olympia. I thought last year she looked great, but she was a little big for a figure. I thought. And then this year it seems like she downsized. I thought she was going to go to women's physique, but she didn't. She downsized. Did you watch any of the figure here, Chris? I just, I totally checked her off because of the bumps there factor. Right. She's good. She's a great genetics. Yeah, it goes appeal. Yeah. The value of soltera, second. I was like, notice, but now, you know, no more appeal to. Yeah, for bikini. I said that, I think. I don't think. They said it for, you're breaking up a can here, Chris. I thought they did. Oh, they did. I don't know. I wasn't there. Would they announce it in Tampa? I ought to be held responsible for having a couple. I thought someone sent me the thing and they said it was for bikini. They said that they wanted to see straight. I didn't think so. Oh, my God. After I sent something out and told these girls that you don't need radicals to the bikini. I actually, I helped the girl who went and overall up in Boston or areas this past weekend. I closed the house there and sent her name some her beta and she won the overall there. And she was lean. But she, she had one of the music, you know, you could be lean, but if she's not flexing, you don't know. And how's they made her hit her back double? So I told her she got a crazy back double and he was impressed. She was like, oh, I'll try it. But in bikini. In bikini. But she didn't do it on stage. Obviously, but she did, I think after she won, she did a fruoseck. Because your herzase muscle went to muscle too. But yeah, no stradical. She didn't have stradical, but she definitely had a pretty ripped back. That's for sure. Look, the bikini girls got to be in shape. They don't want them to look in, you know, too fibrary. And the great thing is you can just feed them some junk food at the end and then kind of smooth them out just enough. Women, women can kind of like, you know, you can make up to that. I see Jennifer Dory was said, can I see Indie Paul? Well, let's finish figure first. Let's go figure. And the thought, because I wanted to mention not thought you're so tarot, we featured on muscle in the morning. She's unbelievable too. The two of them, Chris, most of the bumps in an old Talia, Olympia, qualbert, calbert, competitors here. You're going to see them both through good at the Olympia per making my prediction here. I'm this show. Right now. I also really like third place Michelle Pinto too, tremendous physique. But she's not as, I don't have her in the same class as Melissa and the and the folly Chelsea, Larsen, fourth and Moid, a zombies, finishes in the fifth position. Bikini, a lower-life shop, potos. You didn't watch Bikini, right? No, I couldn't stand this straight. I didn't glue some just. She wins. And Jennifer Dory's second. That was going on. It was on the 45th chest. I'm sure. Yeah, Sergio is in the gym. How about Indie Pallino finishing the third show back? I did the her own stage. She did. She had a kid, you know, how many months ago? I know. Which makes it insane. Eight months ago, she had a kid. Yeah, I'm going to tell her she should homeschool it. So I'm so sorry. Oh my god, you're funny. Men's physique, Logan Franklin. Yeah. I'm a good friend. I think Logan is looking so big these days. I think he's going to switch to classic physique to be honest with you. Well, I think that he made, I think a few of those guys could. He's great. This is a good wind frame. I think this is the best he's ever looked. I know he listens to the show, so he's going to be happy. I said that, but it's true. Now, in second place in men's physique was a bader, all-malulu. I don't know if that's the last thing. No relations with Bader Badaia, I don't think. But possibly. No, it's from. I don't know. I'm going to look right now. Just for just that curiosity. Did you watch men's physique? I watched a quick couple calls. What is that? You do much. Did you think guys are too big? No, this is big. This bait is from New Orleans, sorry. No, I don't think they've got it radically bigger. I mean, holy smokes, right? Yeah. I mean, it was the first Olympia one. Well, you know what? More campy. You know what the funny thing is? I think my friend, Carl, was talking to Matt Achtin, who was around when they first started men's physique. Well, Matt was in the show, right? Yeah, and this is funny, because Matt was placing third to the Olympia back then. Third. Yep. He was winning pro shows left and right. And I believe he came in the last place of the show. 16th place. Great. Yeah. That just tells you how I said it goes down. That's what I said in the wrap up. I said that, you know, the amount, I said people who are winning shows, it's fine that you mentioned that. I said people who are winning shows in the board show are. And some people call the board show. I just always get confused. What the fuck? Right men's physique. People who are winning the bat, 2013 into the 2014, would get destroyed at the same championship in 2014. Yeah. Absolutely. The blip. Yeah. The blip. Deep competition is. Yeah. And that's what's happening in the first class of two people going to, you know, people were just winning two years ago in the history. Yeah. That's just the way that's the way. Well, the evolution of the sport and it is what it is. Women's body building that had here, Alina Popa, makes it on the comeback trail. She wins this show, pulling Nelson second, LaDon, the third. I thought Linda Martin here from, you know, running around, doing the interviews and stuff. Yeah. They have the wings and strength spots as this obviously. And that's their big on the women's body building. Probably the comeback of the year has to be Jenny Worth winning fitness. I remember Jenny when she was doing flips on stage at 19 years old, you know, back in the late 90s. I mean, she was the talk of the town and she was, she won the Arnold Classic. She was, you know, I think she was second at the Olympia. And everybody thought she was the Arab parent and then she just disappeared. And I actually interviewed her recently. If you guys want to go back on our explosive on our YouTube channel and check, you know, Google it or I say search it. We did a big, I did a big interview with her when she talked about what happened and where she went and all that stuff. And she kind of got forced out of the sport a little bit and now she's back. She looks great. And I don't know if she just, I don't know, some, some, some, some, some, she didn't really give me the details, but some controversial stuff happened and I don't know. She just got the solution and she just stopped competing and she had, you know, she just did other things. And she never stopped training, but she wasn't training the way she, you know, obviously was trained to this. And so she's, you know, she made a comeback. She's done a few shows now. Her routine is not what it used to be. She had one of the best routines of all time. And obviously she's got a lot of back injuries now. She can't do it, but she's, she's good enough that she's, she went to show here. She's going back to the Olympia. That's got to be, that's got to be an unbelievable story. It's 40 years old to make the comeback. You know, after you were like a, like a 19 year old phenom, 20 years later back on the Olympia stage. Chris, who does that? In fitness nonetheless, as a man to points out in the background here because fitness is a demanding physical sport, you know, the beating on your body you take. Well, you can't even do the gymnastics flips anymore, really. And with any degree of, you know, of a aggressiveness, like she used to because she said she's just can't do it. The pain level is too much. So the fact that she's able to still do a routine that's worthy of winning a pro show is to me. I, you know, you got to tip your hat to her. You should remember to tip my hat. To my hat. I wonder what that saying came from. I'm sure someone else. I bet my father was still around. He would know. I, you know, I said we can't check with him. I just, I just, my, my, my tongue right there. I said, if you listen to the tape, I just, or listen, I said, we can't. I was going to have to say, let's ask your father. Yeah, he would know that. But a lot of people have been asking me about, you know, my dad. I've said, I posted on Instagram and on Facebook that my dad had passed finally on August 2nd. And at the end of the show, it's taken us out. That's what I'm going to read. I'm going to read the poem. I told you I wrote about him when he first better week ago. And I'm going to read it like South Plumberworthy. Okay. I'm going to put a lot of emotion. And I'm going to read it as if he was, I actually wrote it as if he was writing it. I wrote it in, when you read it, it's going to sound like he's talking. He's talking. So I, on his voice basically, you know, after he's no longer able to have his voice. So we'll see. See if it plays out well. That'll take us out of the show. I'm just going to end the show right after that. But let's just talk about women's physique for a minute. Autumn swans and she'd been texting me all week about, you know, what you should do. She was going to do figure. She's like, I'm switching the figure. I said, what's wrong? What's wrong with you? What's? I don't know what gets into these competitors. Head, they don't do well in a couple shows. And they just start doubting themselves. I'm like, you're not a figure, you're a competitor. I said, you're a women's physique competitor. You want the oral classic. Okay. I said, you're going to get destroyed in figure. I said that you're going to be too muscular. You're going to look like an elephant up there on stage with these other girls. Because you're too big. You fit perfectly into women's physique. That's what women's physique is all about. She's like, I don't know. I said trust me. So she thought about it. She obviously changed my mind. She actually had registered as a figure competitor. And I know she's listening to this. Take a few seasons. And she won the show here. She's going back to Olympia. So congratulations, Autumn. I'm glad you listened to me. But Shelby did a good job with her Shelby stars to her diet. And I'm glad she's got the, she's got to have some confidence. At least going into that Olympia. Look, sometimes you just, you don't hit your peak. And you know, you can't blame the judges for you. You can only blame yourself, you know? Did you see the girl came in second? Evelyn Roka? I don't know who she is, but she looks at the phenomenal. No, I didn't see it. Really good. A lot of muscle on her body, but well placed muscle. You know, it's, that's, with women's fatigue to kiss. A lot of people say, well, if you're someone, somebody's women are too big. I'm like, no, they're not because if they wear the muscle well, you have to judge what's up there. And she wears, she has a lot of muscle. And she's really hard, but she wears it well. She's from Brazil, of course, you know, where else? The Brazilian tab, tons of muscle in their body, but they still look feminine in the face. And I think it's just because these women just by nature carry a lot of muscle down there. I think the best women body balls and then physique can better serve Brazilian. Yeah, I think you're 100%. Right? They just have more muscle than than other women. That's just genetic, their genetic gifts. There's a ton of women's physique can better as in the show. Genie Feldman places third, the slime up, tough, tough lineup. So that's why I said to Autumn really made a great recovery year by winning the show. Catherine Hall 4th, Jodi Lions 5th. So congratulations all the ladies in this lineup. It was, I think it was the most women's physique better than any other division beyond us. Oh, bad. I don't know. Yeah, man, it was pretty close to the, well, maybe men's physique was more. I heard this was a record for proshows. I think there was almost 300 competitors in the pro division here. Yeah, 292. 292. John Hansen, we need a nickname for John Hansen. The numbers guy, numbers by Hansen. The funny thing is that, and someone was complaining to me about the fact that they felt that they don't won't give out free tickets to all the, to both shows, because you know, they have Friday in a Saturday show. And so the pro level girls and guys have to decide which show they want free tickets to, which I would soon be the one that they're in, as opposed to having tickets free tickets to both shows, because it's just not enough seats, you know, which is, because Tim also has an amateur show. He's running at the same time. So it's pretty amazing when you think about, you know, that they're having, there's so many competitors nowadays that they can't even get everyone into one arena anymore, you know? Yeah, no, either just so it's, I mean, crazy big show. When we did our rap a fight, congratulate him, can garden for all the work he'd do. Well, you know, it is a, well, it's a well, well, well, run show. Yeah, well, Tim's perfect with this. And by now, I tell you, I told this to Tim all the time, and I say, Mr. Tim, I don't hate sleeping night. This guy's got more, you think you got real estate worries. This guy's got, think about how many shows he runs a year between all the amateur shows, pro shows, he's every weekend he's running something. I would be a nervous rock, I wouldn't be able to sleep in night. Well, what you get it down, you get it down. Right? It's, it's, it's a lot. It's, it's definitely a lot. And he doesn't really does it great job. He's, native his passion. And I think that that's, that's what's important. And you, when you, when you, when you could make something that you like doing into a business, you're successful with it. That's just the way it works. You know, and I think people have to understand that. That Chris is still in Tampa, he's got to get up and, and probably not to wear it. Yeah, 10 minutes to go to the airport. So I'm not going to keep you, but I, I got to read you my, my dad's positive. How did you say, Roy? What's my poem? Oh, it's my poem. Originally, I was going to, and, well, I'm not going to name it. You tell me what the name of it is after. You're the coolest writing, too. My, I'm a man is telling me I have to explain who it's written to. I originally wrote the poem, yeah, maybe I should give some background, so people on the stamp what I'm saying. My dad is arguing with death, okay? That's, that's the, as if death was like it was like an individual. And if you understand that, then you'll understand what he says. He's yelling, he's talking to death basically, okay? And I wrote it because I was sitting in my dad's hospital room. And I was looking at him and I was obviously, you know, very upset and teared up and I was like, what would my dad say at this point? If he had a voice because he couldn't speak. And I said he would be cursing at death, right? He would be, he would be screaming at him, right? Don't you think, can't you see my dad doing that? Yeah, of course. If it was dad in my death in the room, and maybe he, maybe it was. Maybe he was doing this. You just, you just, you don't get it. Get to early. Right, he would be yelling at him. And this is, and this is what he would, and here's, this is my dad yelling at that. This is what the poem is, all right? I'm gonna read. And then you can comment on it. Born the oldest child of poor Italian immigrants, barely able to tread water and taste the rarefied air, starting me at the bottom wrong, thinking I'd never climb out of the pits of despair. You tried to blunt my side, my vision, make me an outcast. But I saw a deeper, created more. I was way too fast. You chased me through, contrived childhood beatings and mental abuse, but I was stronger. Smarter, more creative. I cast you aside. You were of no use. You took the one love of my life, thinking he had finally won. But I had other plans, raising my two cherished children. No, I wasn't done. Four hip replacements, prostate surgery, a heart attack, and spinal deconstruction. I endured, using the sharp pointed tip of my pen to eviscerate all the wrongs, hypocrisies, and absurdities you through at life's construction. Now, as I stand on the last battleground, in the bunker of last hopes, the final race, I dig my worn heels deep into the muck, and I clench my fists and wave them brazenly in your face and shout, with the firepower of 10 hydrogen bombs, to the last I grapple with the, for love's sake, I release your meaningless, stranglehold on me. I am at peace, through I'm eternal and forever. Beautiful, summarizes his life to a tea, right? Yeah, I think so. I think I kind of covered his whole, I figured if I had a right of, you need a title for it? Yeah, what do you think the title is? Either person with perseverance or survival. I was gonna call a death, but I don't know if that's, but two deaths, man, it's a two death, might be a better, maybe a better title. But that's my dad, my dad would definitely be screaming like that, fighting to the end, I could see it. He held on, my dad lived for seven days on no food and water. I didn't think it was possible, I thought you'd die to fear, didn't drink for like two or three days, but no matter what. But I think the grimes did five days. That's true, yeah, Jay did what, like five days too, right? When he went on 2001, he was like, Chris, Chris, Chris, Chris, Chris burned out his kidney 2001. He burned them out. He could get hard at that. Yeah, if like, but he said, if Jay could do the, if Jay could do the no water thing again, he would be an easily beat Ronnie, no problem. He would get dry. Anyway, I wanna just thank all the people I think, I posted a lot of stuff on Instagram and the outpouring of support and people in our industry, even Nick to Julie just posted something, even though he seems to be worrying with me, he posted something very nice about my dad's work. But you probably want to pay for a bold review of his muffin pump stuff. No, no, we already. But like everyone, we can, we'll argue with each other in businesses like that, but when it comes down to everyone in the industry, it does, is very cohesive and I've got a lot of support and love from the community. Even Phil, he's not as far posted on my Instagram, which, you know, same, send these condolences. So thank you, everyone. I can't get back to everyone, obviously, but I read a lot of all the comments and it means a lot to me that everyone was that supported. Because I like to think a lot of people knew that my dad was very important in my life and I told a lot of stories about my, you know, you and I tell tons of stories about our dad. So I think people feel like they almost know them personally. And, you know, he was a character, but you know, his time had come, 88 years old, I'm glad he's peaceful. I'm sure you saw this story. I might as well just tell it again for people who maybe didn't see my Instagram. Before my dad died, I was sitting by his bedside for a couple of days and he really wasn't speaking at this point. I said to him, dad, I said, you know, I know you're not spiritual and all this stuff and you don't believe in all this after life stuff, but you're gonna find out that you're gonna find out that you were wrong in a couple of days. I said, do me a favor. Find a way to send me a message, you know, invalidate that you made it all the day and everything's good. Because I said, I know you, you're creative, you can do this. Amanda told me a rejection, I should tell him, give him a specific thing to do. I said, no, that's not my dad. I gotta, I gotta let him be creative about this. I'll figure out a better way to contact me than I could ever come up with in my own mind. So I'm thinking, you know what, somewhere down the road, I'm gonna get a message from him, right? Or something, something's got, so not sure so long's gonna come on or something like that at a certain time and I'm gonna tell him, oh, that's my dad. The next day, all right, we work very late here at night and we have the, you know, we have the warehouse across the street across the driveway and Amanda goes over there at nine fills orders. And I work here and I've walked the baby monitor in case anyone wakes up. And it's about three in the morning and she says to me, come out to the garage. So I'm thinking, oh, we probably have a three in the morning, we gotta leak, right? What is poor in it someplace? So I go out to the garage and I'm like, what? And she points up to the ceiling. And then the inside the garage, because we had left the garage door off and she comes in, there's a pigeon. Actually, there's a bird. I first we thought it was a dove and then I realized it was a pigeon and I went with a pigeon doing it here. So I get the broom and I'm trying to like, you know, guide it out of here, because I'm an animal, I'm like a, hit it right there. But I'm trying to like just shoe it out and it's not leaving. And I'm trying to think, what the hell is going on here? Burst don't fly at night, right? I mean, it wasn't in here when it was light out. Yeah. And then I remember, Palumbo, my last name in Italian, means the pigeon. I'm like crazy. My father's that son of a bitch. I said, I said, dad, you can't believe you did it already. One day, you already found a way. You found a way already to give me the signal. I said, I can't believe this. The least spiritual part I've ever met is flying in here at night is a pigeon. And he knew that I knew that obviously, because no one, Amanda didn't know what to, did the Palumbo and pigeon in the time. Oh, only I knew that. I don't even know why I did. I just looked it up one day. So he must have known that I knew that. So that obviously delivered a pretty strong message, obviously. And this bird stayed around until when I woke up in the morning, I left the garage open all night so it can fly out. It didn't leave. It stayed in all night. It was still sitting on my car when I got up in the morning. And it was, it was, it's actually flew away. But yeah, but I mean, that's not validation. It's like that people wait the whole life to die of validation from their deceased relative, right? Saying, oh, I just need something. Give me something. And they don't get anything. But my idea, my, I'm not a sweet home any patients. My dad has no patients for this car. Oh, she said there's no pigeons here. There's no pigeons and they're only in New York City. Well, that's another thing. Oh, I know. Oh, well, that's, that was a surprising part. I'm seeing the, I pigeon because birds do not fly in. Anyone who's ever had a bird knows when you put a, at night, you put a towel over the bird cage and they go to sleep because that's what darkness makes them sleep. Because they know they can't navigate it. And I really, that, well, that's around it night, because they can navigate using sonar. But not birds. So where this bird came from? And it had a band around it. It's, it's like. So it obviously was some kind of a homing pigeon, you know? So for people who like, people want to go to the week, I gave you a poem and I gave you the story from, that'll, you know, wrench the tears out of your eyes. I mean, it's a great validation. So yeah, I mean, I'm, I'm mourning a little. I'm sad, obviously, I've had, you know, I have ups and downs. But that, that pigeon thing really put me at peace, to be honest, to do it. It's completely, people like, oh, you have said, I'm like, you know what I'm not upset anymore? I know my dad's alright. It's like the greatest feeling in all time. So I, but once again, thank you all for all of support and Chris, have a safe flight back from, thank you, and we'll be doing just a little bit of a no coming up. This, this week and over the next couple of weeks, we will be doing a lot of, our Olympia, roti Olympia, per coverage starts. I will be going to Olympia this year. So Chris and I will be there doing coverage with Sid and our photographer, Othiel, and I think we're gonna have some great coverage and all the pre coverage will be great and it'll be sponsored by RedCon 1. So thanks for that, thanks to RedCon 1. And we will have some awesome coverage for you. This year at the Olympia, Chris, we're out of time until next week, remember, with heavy muscle radio, the truth hurts. Good night, everyone.