I'm going to be launching the tasty pastry with a low-car hot tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love it as shown. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to the vegetarian food lesson this morning. I'm Dave Bollando and today is Wednesday on this flat. One, and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Ladies and gentlemen, once again we're back and better than ever with it on our brand new edition of our world famous Recap Wednesday. And by popular demand we're starting off the show with a recap of last weekend's Tampa Pro. In the men's open Ian Valier came in and saw and conquered and now he's heading back to the Olympia stage with a ton of momentum thanks in large part to scoring the biggest win of his career. In the 212 class, just like we said on our Friday pre-show, it came down to Carat's Bash, and on that all the sunny, and when the dust finally settled, it was Carat who ended up with the big win. Germany's Earth, Palacin's ski looked amazing on his way to picking up a hard-bought win in classic. And for the second year in a row, men's physique, Andre Ferguson crews to an easy win. Over on the women's side of things, Mona Porcelay looked great on a way to claiming the top spot in women's bodybuilding. And so did Czech Republic, Lanka, Farron Chukova, as she ended up taking home the Tyland Women's physique. In bikini, former Olympia champ, Esa Pesini secured a big time win after bringing in one of her all-time best looks. In fitness, Florida zone, Orika Tyrell held it down big time on the way to locking up her first win in a year. Lorhana Robinson brought home the top honors in figure, and we're wrapping up our coverage here with the wellness division, where a familiar face in René, Jewett, punched her ticket to the Olympia stage with a big win. Way out there in the scorching desert of Phoenix, Arizona, we also had some prime time action in men's and women's physique at the Europa Games Phoenix. And we're jumping right into our coverage here, starting with women's physique. We have Brooke Walker finally managed to break through into the winner circle for the first time in her career. Thanks to a monster effort here. Rookie Chelsea of Worcester rolled into second and a strong effort from Toma Fafa Amiko, as enough to help her slide, come to lead into the third position. In men's physique, Jason Huna continued to impress by adding to his win total for the second time this season. Nick Koi came out and managed to crack the top two in his season debut, and we're wrapping up our coverage here with third place finisher, and one with her spoon. Our last event of the weekend went down and out in the beautiful shores of San Diego where the muscle contest crew put up another great event at this year's specific USA Probecini. The talent for pound, this top five was probably the most stacked bikini group of the entire weekend, which is part of the reason why getting the win here was so big for Jasmine Gonzalez. The Neo Augusti brought in her best look of the season, which was good enough to land in the runner-up spot. And the red hot Carolina Colazos slid into third by edging out another strong effort from Spain's Ivana Fernandez. The top here was none other than Kaylee Huda-Shell, who seems like she's placed in the top of a show every weekend since for as long as I can remember. And finally, it absolutely breaks my heart to end the show like this today, because this is a sad time for a lot of people after hearing about the tragic passing of John Meadows last Sunday. We honestly thought about putting together a monologue to talk about this, like I have with other people in the past, but I didn't think it was right. There's nothing I can or putting to words in the scribe house special John Meadows was, or how much he'll be missed by his wife and his two boys and all the people that he touched over the years. So instead I'm going to end the show now with these pictures and a moment of silence for one of the truly great men that ever greased the bodybuilding world. Rest in peace, my friend. Thank you.