Day Palombo here with an R-X muscle news update this coming weekend. The Tampa Pro is here. I can't believe we're in August actually already, but yes we are. This used to be the last show of the year prior to the Olympia or the last qualifier of the year. It's no longer like, but it's still one of the top shows of the year, especially given the fact that we're in COVID times where everything kind of got pushed back, the show started late. This is an important show for a lot of bodybuilders out there who are trying to qualify for the Mr. Olympia competition. And it's a stack line up, and that's what we like to see when we're talking about good shows. Here's the list that's been put up on the IFDB Pro website. Not necessarily missing from that list is really winkler. I have to assume he's not doing camp or he's probably saving it for the Spain show. I think the following week, but we have a stack line up here with it's going to probably be featured by Ian Valier. I have to assume, you know, I've been a very big fan of Ian's physique ever since he turned pro at the amateur Olympia Latin America in Alco Polco, which I was actually at. I remember when I first started the first time, this guy's got a great structure. He adds muscle to this thing. He's going to be a dangerous dangerous competitor. He has. He's got a ton of muscle, ton of condition muscle. And that's what we like to see. We like to see big frames on our overall winners. And Ian's got all the bells and whistles. You know, the last year, I think it was more of a confidence issue with him. This year, I think he's going to bring it. I think he's going to own that stage. I think he's going to be very difficult to beat for a number of factors. He's always in shape. Number one. Number two, he's got, if not the most muscle, the best place muscle on his body of any other competitor in that stage. He's put together really well with a small waist. He's got a lot of wow to his physique. And if he can show it off and on that stage, I think he walks away with an easy victory here. But there's a lot of guys in this line of who can certainly move in and steal this victory for me and if he's off. One of those guys that I really am very high on, he may even press me a lot this year already. Hopefully he's still feeling fresh would be Muhammad Shabon. And this guy's got tremendous legs. He's got a good back. He's got a lot of bells and whistles too. And you look at him, you know, you say, wow, this guy has got an impressive physique. The question is, will he dial it in 100% if he does, I think he's going to have problems with him. Because he's denser, he's more compact, he doesn't have gaps in his physique at all. And he's got a lot of wow as well. So this should be a really good line up between these two guys. Obviously, most of my place, second behind, Hunter LeBrona, two weeks ago in Chicago. So this guy has got to be considered one of the front runners here as well. And he's got a nice little momentum push behind him. One of the freakyest guys in this line up, you know, who maybe doesn't get enough love is Charles Griffin. Here's a guy when he brings it. He's got a lot of freaky mass on his body. He's been improving every single year we've seen them up on that stage. He gets better and better. And you know what, if I'm a competitor, I don't want to stand next to this guy because he's got so much density on his body and so much thick muscle that if he's in shape, he will be very, very difficult to beat. And that's Max Charles we're looking at right here. But I'm talking about Charles Griffin who happens to be, like I said, probably one of the most underrated pros on the circuit right now. And this is a good reason he is because, you know, he doesn't go out there and put himself out there. He's not a social media, you know, fanatic. He just brings it every single time he comes to the stage and he improves every single time he comes out. And that's what we want to see in a guy when you come back to the stage. The judges don't want to see someone bring the same thing they brought last year. They want to see changes in their physique. He's at a point now where he's got so much freaky mass on that upper body from the delts and the packs and the arms that in any position he puts his body in, he looks like an absolute freak show. I mean, look at the side chest shot. Crazy. Those arms are ridiculous. And this is a guy who kind of reminds me almost like a Ronnie Coleman in the sense that he's improving so much every single year. I don't even know what his upper limit is at this point. I don't know if he knows what his upper limit is and maybe he shouldn't even think about that shoot for the stars because I think he's going to, he can be a guy who comes in here and absolutely wins this show if everyone's not perfect and he comes in at his best. We just saw Max Charles before we go back to Max Charles. Max has got probably the best upper body in the lineup. I mean, when he's on, he's on. You know, he's got a great back. He's got a delts. He's got arms. He's got a small waist. He's got the bells and whistles and from behind he's very dominant. His problem obviously has always been the fact that he can't get those legs to look as great as his upper body. But they're not weak anymore. They're not a great body part. They're a good body part. They're in shape. We saw him in Chicago. He was third there. He was in shape. He had separation in his legs. That's what he needed. Some people felt he should have been higher. Some people felt he shouldn't have been that high. I think he was placed right where he needed to be. I went ahead of problem with the Ming Second Place there. He's a guy you got to watch out for in this lineup because of the size and freaking to see those brink for the table. Now, having mentioned all those guys, there's a lot of good guys in this lineup. I can go over, you know, I could talk about this lineup forever. I mean, you got Joel Thomas who's always dangerous if he's going to bring it. Justin Mackey who's got a great physique. Oriental. Oriental. He's got Freakness. He's got Freakness. He's got Freakness. He's got Freakness. He's got Freakness. He's got Freakness. He's got Freakness. He's got a lot of dangerous as well. Phil Flahar. I work with him in the past. Tremendous amount of dangerous muscle too because he's put together well. He flows well. He's got Freaky muscle. When he's in shape, he's very dangerous as well. I think what the, my dark horse in this line just because people don't really know is big bunty. Big bad bunty. He's got a lot of Freaky mass and muscle. He's put together very well. This is his pro debut. I know he works at a guru of me and I haven't really been getting some sneak peeks. I think he could surprise a lot of people. I don't know if he's going to come here with the show. But I certainly think he has a shot at the top five here. I think that if you talk about a dark horse in this line of, he might be that guy. So super exciting line up here going into Tampa. Once he gets Tim Gardner running this show and always putting on a very professional show and rolling out the red carpet to the athlete. That's what it's all about. We have a terrific, two 12-plass here too that man. I can go for it. I can go another hour and talk about those guys between guy, sister Nina, and that line up. And you know, my client, Caraz Bezio, who looks amazing in this line up here. We're going to see a real battle in the 12-john Jewat who might as he's like the newest guy who is always in condition. I mean, this guy has never had a shade. You got bold Lewis in this line up as well. I don't think an Aaron Clark coming back. You really, you don't even know who could be the guy who's going to emerge here because there's so many good guys. There's at least five to six guys that can win this show. Depending on how they show up and how everyone else shows up. So the tap a show this weekend will be one that I will be home glued to my set watching and fortunately I won't be up there. I'm still self-sacluding myself, but, you know, until all this blows over if it ever does. But I'm excited. As a fan of the sport, this is going to be a great show. All the divisions of staff filled to the health. And I know it's going to be a great show. And I hope you guys tune in to watch it. We'll be analyzing it, break it it down, and giving you guys our insight, the entire week alone for now. I'm Dave Palombo with an RX muscle. Exclusive news update.