You know, the probably the most popular white fish that people eat is to lobby it, which is probably the least healthy because it's all farm raised and you know, they feed it stuff, you know, they feed it like corn based, you know, foods which is not which changes all the good fats and the fish. Most of these tolapia live in disgusting, you know, fish tank conditions where they're basically in their basically swimming in their poop. So I don't need to lobby it, even though it tastes good, it tastes like chicken. Why does it taste like chicken? We feed it the same thing we feed the chickens corn. So if I had to pick, you know, a white fish, I would pick the wild, you know, caught ones like, you know, if you live a long island, you can get a flounder and and fluke, that's really good. I really like those. God is really good. Haddock is all right, you know, the wild caught one. If you go to like Sam's club or some of these price clubs, you can buy like frozen, you know, wild caught fishes. That they have usually it's like cod and that I think cod tastes the best of all the white fishes. It's it's tasty. You can get it readily in the wild court form. Watch out for those farm raised fishes. They're just not as good for you health wise. Now, you know, macro nutrient-wise protein fat carbs, it's the same thing. So you can eat to lobby or you're going to lose weight and something that because it's the same thing. But for a mental health standpoint, if you're going to be eating that much fish, you might as well eat stuff that has good stuff in it. Because you can get nowadays, you can get frozen, frozen, wild caught. Just as easily as you can get the frozen, you know, farm raised. Just you got to do some smart chopping. In other words, you got to ask questions, you got to read labels. Some people just blindly grab whatever's there or whatever's cheapest, and that's not always the way to go. For a dollar more, you can get, you know, a wild caught. And I would always choose wild caught if I had the options.