I'm Dave Palombo, founder of Species Nutrition. I created Species Nutrition with one mission in mind. To provide body builders and serious athletes with no nonsense supplements that work and are backed by science. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body. And that lives on in the Species Nutrition line of products. We use only top of the line formulations, toast from maximum results and the best flavoring systems available. I've put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition products. If you want to be your absolute best, join the evolution. Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X Routes, our 30-year-in-a-row. And what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry. It's a low-car pothorque. It's got three and four grams of neck carbs. And we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. We're going to be doing today. We're going to be launching the tasty pastry. It's a low-car pothorque. It's got three and four grams of neck carbs. And we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. We're going to be in LA. Dave, hello, I'm over here with an RX muscle rant. Today's topic is something that's been earking me for a long time. And that is the exorbitant price of insulin. And you know, right off to that, you hear insulin come out of bodybuilders mouth, you're saying, poor bodybuilders can't afford their insulin. And that's not what I'm talking about. People who have blood sugar problems. And that could include bodybuilders and non-bodybuilders. The price of insulin is ridiculously through the roof. Back in 1995, a bottle of humillin R. Name brand humillin R was like 2018 bucks. Today that bottle of humillin R is probably over $100. And that's ridiculous. If you're a type, you know, one diabetic or even like a type of diabetic that doesn't have perfect blood sugar control. And you've got to use a long acting and a short acting insulin. It can cost you upwards of, you know, almost 500 bucks a month. And if you don't have a good prescription plan or you don't have health insurance at all, you're going to big trouble, especially if you don't make a lot of money. And a lot of people today can't afford insulin. And because they can't afford insulin, they're not taking insulin shots in that. Nine of you need a blood sugar, and they're getting sicker and sicker. And this is a huge growing problem in this country. Meanwhile, if you go down to Mexico, a good friend of mine who lives in Mexico says that these bottles of insulin, they charge $300 for like, length of some chasheeper is like, there's like 20 bucks in Mexican pharmacies. It's the same product made by the same company. Only in Mexico, it's like pennies on the dollar. Why is that? It's the same drug. How could that company afford to sell it next to so much cheaper? Well, just goes to show you that the product probably costs pennies to make. And they're basically gouging, you know, the public, because they have no option. I mean, if you're a diabetic, you know, producer, and you need insulin, right? So, you know, you can't argue with anyone over. You got to pay the money. You know, why do you think people try to order prescription drugs from Canada because they're much cheaper up there? So to me, this is in the trust of the, and thank God, thank God, I know Trump just signed a bill lowering the price of insulin, but Walmart has taken a step even before that. Walmart has a, some kind of an arrangement with no-vernortists, but legitimate pharmaceutical company that makes no-velyn are an obulin, and a bunch of all the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, N-O-V products, okay? And as opposed to humulin' are humulin' and those are, those are just, it's, it's pretty much the same insulin. It's just a little different, so to speak. But they made an arrangement with them where they can sell their rely on brands. So rely on is a, is a, I guess, company name that Walmart gave to their insulin products, so they sell rely on glucometers, which you can buy for nine dollars. glucometers used to be in the hundreds, nine dollars. And I, and I've told you guys before everybody, but we should have it, so you have the glucometers and check your blood sugars, your fastings in the morning, which should be under 90, your two hour post meal sugars, which should be under 130. You could easily test those in finnine dollars, then you could buy a box of, a test trips for nine bucks, come on. Everyone could do that. That is, that is an awesome thing that Walmart has done. You could, people could make fun of Walmart and say, all the things they want about Walmart, but you know what, that is cool, because there's a lot of people out in this country. I have a guy who, you know, worked, does some work around the house. His blood sugars are out of control. I'm like, you get your butt over to Walmart, get yourself this rely on monitor, start testing your blood sugars, and you know what, if you need to, you, you, you, even though you don't have health insurance, you can go to Walmart now and you can buy insulin. They have a generic form that's called rely on it. And rely on it, novo r, which is the fast act of cancel. It's exactly the same as the obvious one r, because it's made by the same company, novernortis, and they, and they actually sell rely on novo n, which is the long acting insulin, which they never sold like that over the counter. And for 10, 10 ml bottle, 24 dollars and 88 cents, you can get r and n. So never in the history of insulin, could you buy a long acting insulin, over the counter without a prescription, now you can, and for under 25 dollars. If you want to get fancy, you want to buy the pens, you know, they're like little pens, and you can kind of dial them up, how much insulin you want. Those are a little more expensive. Those are 42 bucks. But those, I mean, that's still pennies, compared to what the the original price was. But let's go back and go away from people who maybe have blood sugar problems like type 2 diabetics, and type once, let's go to the bodybuilding world. For bodybuilders now who are looking to take insulin because maybe they are on GH and their blood sugars are running high in the morning, and they want to use a long acting insulin, and they can't afford or have access to land this or to Shiba, which is kind of like the Mercedes-Benz of insulin's right now. You can go get the novo n insulin, made by Melvin Nordisk. It's a long acting insulin, and for for a bodybuilder who's producing their own insulin, this is more than adequate to take care of the problem. So in other words, if I was a type 1 diabetic, I would want to have the best because I don't have any insulin production. But if you have insulin production and you add it, you're muting, excuse me, a noveline, an end to your regimen, a shot in the morning and a shot at night, depending on how much you need, usually you start with 15 units at night, a 10 in the morning of the long acting, that's going to be more than adequate to take care of your blood sugar issues. If you're running highs after meals, like you'll say you eat at one of your meals, and two hours later, you take a blood sugar, it's 150. Then you need that means you need a fax-decking insulin. So for those, you can buy the rely on novo rs, which is 25 bucks also, and you can take a couple units with your meals and bring down your numbers. Or if you just want to use some of that r, which is faster acting from performance aspects, in the morning and night, postwork out, you can go get a ferris, well. So this is the reason I'm doing this interview, or this rant, I should say, because I'm mad that they've been charging that much, but I'm happy now that Walmart has stepped up to the plate, and not only made it available for a good price, but made it available without a prescription. So bodybuilders now, go to Walmart, give them your business, go get your insulin if you need it, okay. You can get it without a prescription now. I think you can even buy it depending on what state you live in. You can even buy a insulin syringes there as well, and you can do things the right way. And you don't have to worry about your health, you don't have to worry about high blood sugars, because let's face it, a lot of guys have used growth hormone for years, and now they're running high blood sugars. So they need that insulin to control it, take the burden off the pancreas, as we've said before, let that pancreas regenerate, and in the meantime, for pennies on a value, you can keep your health good, because we want to keep good blood sugar control, because not only is high blood sugar bad for the kidneys, and the eyes, and the extremities, but it's also bad for the brain. And they called dimension out type 3 diabetes, meaning that if you have high blood sugars you're running throughout the day, you're accumulating not only sugar in the extremities, but in the brain tissue, which they're saying is it could be leading to these data aminooid plaques, which could be leading to dementia later in life. So we don't want that, I know I don't want that. So keep an eye on your blood sugar, you get those rely on meters for $9. Check your blood sugars throughout the day. If you are running high in the morning, you might consider adding a long acting, if you're running high at post meals, you can use the faster acting R version. If you're taking GH, you just want to have a little performance boost, you can use both or even one of those. And that's up to your coach to decide, or I wouldn't just arbitrarily start taking insulin, because, obviously, especially the R, which is the fastest, I think, could be dangerous if you don't know what you're doing, and you take it too much. The longer acting ones are not really so dangerous, because you could take a shot and go to sleep, because they take a very long time to get into your system. Just make sure you know how to measure this stuff. Remember, insulin units, insulin syringe is measure insulin units. So if you buy a FCC's insulin syringe, and it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, uh, marquated five, ten, fifteen, twenty, that's insulin unit. So it says five, that's five units. If it says fifteen, that's fifteen units, and that's how you measure insulin. There's no, there's no, there's no magic. With GH, you have to figure out dilutions and stuff like that, but insulin syringe is a mental measure insulin unit. So good news guys, started off with me mad. I'm in a good mood now. Go to Walmart, you know, give them your business, and if you need your insulin, it's available now without a prescription, and for a very reasonable price. Day polumbo here with an R, ax muscle rant.