Before I forget because that's super funny story about eating. Eating, we were in Dubai, but this time I was with the Ronnie Coleman, jet jet marsh, Flex Wheeler, Art Cugherley in Hong Kong. 1982, Boloyangian battered there. So of course, Bolodian speaking, there's a time and there was at that time hardly anybody is spoken with that. So when you go there, you try to order food. It would be impossible. But that time, it's just the Bruce Lee movie. It was some boat and you know, like, enter the dragon when they do, you know, this thing that's different foods. OK. So Ronnie and Art Cugherley, that eating something that you can start coming and they're eating like crazy. I can't determine what it is. So it's like, oh, what is it? Oh, chicken. It's great. And Ronnie is eating and then somebody is translating. And let's not eat chicken. What is it? Rack. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Where are they going? Ronnie is eating. This is the, this rat, every tasted man. Milo, this was Boloyang. The one who was eating in the intro of the dragon. He's eating. He's eating. Yeah, I'm not why I knew it was Sunday, but I never seen Milo or Boloy. I've been a scrolls. But yeah, Boloy was in the movie, into the dragon. A lot of people didn't know he was a gold gym regular. Oh, I didn't know that. And he was, yeah, Boloyang was, yeah. You know, he's the big muskler guy. And that's a little bit of a record. How many pounds of rat did Ronnie? I mean, Ronnie was eating like you can't even believe. But I just remember that then because the face that he made, I mean, he was just stopping his face. He never goes, okay, I ordered a chicken salad there. And I'm looking at this. I see everything but chicken. But then it's a chicken skin. The only part of chicken they use for the chicken salad is chicken skin. They eat the fat. It's very fatty in the food in Hong Kong. Very fatty. Yeah, yeah. But the, uh, I'll keep going. And, uh, I mean, the, How chewed probably went the bathroom and threw out the Ronnie probably finished his meal, I'm sure. I said, How chewed probably went the bathroom through the rat up. Ronnie probably finished his meal. Oh, that was like so many different things. Probably. Oh, yeah.