I'm Dave Palombo, founder of Species Nutrition. I created Species Nutrition with one mission in mind. To provide body builders and serious athletes with no nonsense supplements that work and are backed by science. From my earliest body-gulling days, I believe in only putting the best in my body. And that lives on in the Species Nutrition line of products. We use only top-of-the-line formulations, toast for maximum results and the best flavoring systems available. I put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition products. If you want to be your absolute best, join the evolution. Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X-Botter 30-year-to-year-to-row. And what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry with a low-car of cocktail. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. When you're asleep, they're just getting started. John, Dave, Pulando, after hours. Welcome back guys to After-Allers. Oh, I've got to take my mask off. Oh, we're in a safe, we're in a safe there. I don't need my mask. I'm Dave Pulando and I'm joined as always by John Romano. John, do you have a mask on? Oh, that's a better mask than mine. Oh, I can't hear you though. But I got to tell you, this is a high-teen. I don't want to get COVID-19, so I'm going to ask. The Tyler's back. We quarantined for two weeks, but we don't make a mask. But I didn't make a wear mask. I got an RX. I got another RX, Muslim ass. Kind senior made these great masks. The reason I like them, John, if you're going to wear a mask, because you know, some planes you can't go into certain stores without them. They have like an adjustable ear thing. So if you have like a big head like I do, you can kind of make your, you're more slack here. If you have a small head, you can kind of show it up a little bit and make a little smaller here. So thank you, Hind Senior, to these. That was pretty cool. I don't wear a mask. I refuse to wear a freaking mask. I have a worn one yet. Yeah. That's all right. But you know, in certain stores, they make you. But then I don't go to them. They don't, somebody else gets my money. I got my pop, Tarty, my legendary foods. Tasty pasties. We'll not happen to you, those. I gotta get the same, you send me a love these. They're great. Keep saying that. I know. I forget. But you know, Bruce, but I gotta get, I'll just tell Bruce to send him to you. Or to see him. I have a slight rant to do before we get started. I was, I, I, I, I, I don't know what happened. But as I'm getting old, I'm falling apart. I feel like my dad saved us. But I've been grinding my teeth at night. And I've been chipping my teeth off. And I, I cracked an old feeling. They just had to put a, a $2,000 or maybe $2,500 cap on it. You know, a new porcelain, you know, thing. And I've been noticing the front teeth have been getting little chips at him too. And he said, it's because I'm grinding my teeth. So I said, you know what, fine. He's like, I'll make him. Now, if guard, you put it in a night protection tube. Now, I've been wearing my old bleaching trays recently. To protect my teeth while they're making this mouth guard. So they, they make it basically bite into this like crazy weird, you know, substance polymer that then molds your, your teeth. And then they send it out to the lab, the lab sends them back to this little thing. So I, no, I don't have any time to go to the dentist John. So I got to go for a special point when they mold my teeth. Then two weeks later, I got to go back. Okay. And I, and I get up at like, said, I got to go for the first point because I got to work, right? So I get up on three hours sleep by going. They try to fit it in the same thing and they're doing this. They can't get into my mouth. They said, you know what, it's not fitting where I do. It goes, I'm calling the lab. I, this is, you know, this is too important. We obviously want a good fit. I said, yeah, especially since it's some pay $550 for this thing. So I come two weeks later, it goes by. They call me up there like, come in. We got the new mouth guard. Fine. Third visit now. I go into this morning also. I was, I was like, you know what, let me just call in. I'll get in another time. I'm so tired. I'm going to spend two late last night, three hours get up. I'm like, screw it. Let me just go get it. I drive there. It takes like a half hour to get there. I get in there. The tech is like, the first of the yelling at me because I'm a minute late, you know. I'm like, there's no one here. I'm like, what am I going to do with Stictus Mavgarde my mouth and I'm adding here? So I go in there. The girls try to put it in. I know, it's not fitting. I can tell us if she's panicking. She's like, I'll be right back. So she goes and gets the dentist. He comes in and he's like, oh. Like, it's my new thing. My son Logan calls me all the time now. I'm going to give you a face time information so that he can call you. All right, cool. Yeah. Logan, I am doing a TV show. You're on the air. Call John, call John Romano. All right. Hi. Hi. We're doing a show. Can you say hi to John? Hi, John. What's up, Logan? I'm going to give you John's phone number. But you could call him anytime you want. He said, you even early in the morning. Okay? I'll talk to you later. I big boy, I love you. He'll call back six under time. So I get, so the dentist is like, you know, he's pulling one of these, he's like, he's looking at some fine work of art, you know? He's like, hmm, trying to put it in. It's not even fitting. It's almost like you would put this in my son's mouth. That's how it doesn't fit. So he's looking at mold. He's like, well, I think we have a problem. Yeah. All right. I said, well, yeah, I kind of surmise that when the tech had to come get you to put the thing in my mouth. He's like, I don't know what's COVID and you know, cut backs and furloughs. It just seems as though, you know, this lab is just not, they've been dropping the ball lately. I'm like, don't you send them all there? I mean, what's so hard about making a mold? He's like, well, we're going to have to read, we're going to have to read, we're going to have to read and read, we're going to have to read through your teeth again. You know, making a new mold. I said, you already got the mold. I have to lab screwed it up. It's because they took the right mold and they didn't do the right thing with it. Well, what do you do it again? Which now I'm starting to think it's his fault. You know what I mean? Like, did to the more on his take in the mold, the tech is not getting right. All right. What? There's something in that stuff that they put in there that instantly triggers your gag reflex. Yeah. I have a big mouth, but it doesn't bite me. But by point it, so now I'm saying, I said, you know, I'm not happy. I got to tell you, I'm not happy. He's like, I said, this should be, if the lab is screwing up this many times, I'm losing days of work. I'm losing sleep. I should be financially compensated in some way by this lab. You know, not answering my question, of course. Well, we can remold you, but so I'm thinking of myself. If I sent out protein-powered, so when it had no flavoring system in it, right? Because I forgot to put it in. And I did it three times. Okay, and the people called me up and said, hey, you know, what's going on with your protein? Yeah, no, there's no flavoring. And I'm like, I'd be mortified. I'd say you know what I'm gonna send you a case for free. Now, I did a rant on it on my Instagram, John, and someone who was a dental-like tech guy said that these mouth guards, that I'm being charged $5,000 or $50 for, cost like $30 to make. But it's a lab. So you would think the dentist would be embarrassed enough to say, you know what? The lab is not gonna charge me now, because they obviously fucked up 30 times. I'm not gonna charge this guy. He comes in four times a year for cleanings. He just spent $1,500 or $2,000 or $2,000 whatever it was on a crown, you know, nothing. I got nothing. No accommodation whatsoever. I got a hands like this. That's typical of our society today, though. Don't you say, people just don't give a shit about their work. It does, they don't hate pride anymore. When I had mine done years ago, they took the mold. Yeah. And then the mold came back with the mouth guard on it. That's what it's supposed to do, yeah. So I mean, there's no two ways about it. If fit that, it's gonna fly. I think they sent the wrong, I think they sent the wrong, sent them a mold. That way. That's what happened. They mixed it up with somebody's. But twice. Twice. Come on. Twice. They weren't in charge of which baby to let go of. Yeah, exactly. But if I look, I breed snakes, you know. I send snakes out. I sell a lot of snakes on work. And you know what? I'm a freaking, because I only sleep throughout, I make mistakes. I've sent out the wrong snake to people before. And I feel terrible about it. And you know what? I always over, I either give them the snake for free if it's expensive. I'll say, just put it back in the box, send it back. And I'm gonna send you something. I'm gonna send you two snakes, okay? So free your time. I'm gonna be able to snake. Reptiles, you know, Reptiles believe it and I shift very well. They don't need a lot of oxygen. You put them in a snake bag. You put it in a bag and like a styrofoam box and slate a box in the winter. You put a heat pack in there. In the summer, you could put a cool pack or sometimes you don't even need anything. And you shift them. You know, it's good. If you're at the over that. But, he doesn't up your ass over that. No, that's, I guess it's acceptable. There's a certain way to do it. You have to sort of live or... So you go to a post office with a freaking box with a snake in it. Fettax, yeah, Fettax, they know me. They know me. Yeah, you gotta drop it at the hub. You know, there's a certain fettax has a certain animal carrier policy. I just can't send, you've been a misnakes, or even like that. But, you have to list what's on there. There's a freaking live snake in the tube. Yeah, I walk into fettax to like, oh, we, they know, they know it and what comes in for me. They must, they're all yentas in that and that fettax location and cape and, you guys hear me? Speak your snakes. Hey. I was gonna say, you should mail your fucking dentist to snake. They, oh, you heard my story, yeah. So it's on, you can't do that. Yeah. Send him a fucking squirrel snake. Did you see this new video that this new documentary coming out called Rore? No, it's Tyler, see if you can pull this thing up. It's called Rore. The guy, the director of the exorcist, I can't remember the guy's name. He was married to, what's the girl's name was in the birds, the movie The Hitchcock, movie The Birds. Pippie, what was her name? Not you have a Jason Lee, with the, uh, you know, I'm talking about the blind, the Hitchcock, he was in love with her. The Hitchcock. They, they want? She was in all his movies. Yeah, you know, this actress, she was married to this guy who was the director of the exorcist. And Melanie Griffith was their daughter. You knew that, right? My Melanie Griffith, and they grew up in this house of lions. The guy decided, they got all these cubs, lion cubs, and they were living with the lions. So they started filming a documentary about it. They built up a, they had like 150 lions and tigers and all kinds of cray. And they were, they weren't like training the lion, they were just wild. People were getting mold, the videographer, got scout, they, they said it was a miracle. No one died making this film, but it must have been made back in the 70s and never got released. So yeah, it was made 81. It was, I don't know if it was released or if they just released or something like that, it's an insane movie that the trailer is, is, is, is nutty. I mean, these lions are just running after this guy and like he's like, and that there's no, this absolute chaos on this set. Everyone was petrified, you never knew what was gonna happen, you know. 50 untamed lions and tigers. Yeah. That's a shit. Did you see that documentary that guy that was with the bears up in the last day? Now. Right. Well, and he got eaten. And he did. He got eaten on film. We had a whole recording. The worst part is, the worst part is, his EA produce girlfriend with him who had a deathly fucking fear at us. Oh, my God. And she got eaten too. You guys stay with me just do? Oh, she got eaten too. Yeah. Well, on the movie, I mean, it was the whole family. And now like I said Melanie Griffith, who's the famous actress obviously, American John Johnson for a while, but she was, she got hurt in the movie. She got molded by one of these things too. When she was a kid, she was a kid. That would have been, they would have protected the services would have been all over this. If this had happened in these days, you know. Back then, you could do whatever you want and no one gave a crap. But they actually got, had rotted up by the neighbor and they had a move. They moved to the, they were living in trailers. These were like Hollywood people living in trailers at an animal park that they dealt with. Like on this open land reserve. It was such a 90 story. It's, it's absolutely insane. You would have protestors outside the house. Oh, yeah. It was an old ad shit. But they filmed this. It was all like, it's like, it's not made up. There's no acting. And there was one, I don't know, you know, today's side of the race is, but they had one black eye in the movie. He was this African guy. From, literally, grew up in Africa. He was, I think it was an actor. And he was petrified. He was petrified of the tigers in life. So he was like, and they're like, what do you think about all the lions in here? And he's like, he goes, you know, I'm from Africa. He goes, in Africa, the lions are in the jungle. We're not in the jungle with the lions. He goes, we don't touch the, we don't hug the lions in Africa. He says, but he had to be a murderer. That's the same premises that Nucklehead with the fucking bears, only. That's, they don't, they've got it. He said it was a miracle, no one, he said it was a miracle, no one got killed on the Saturday. There was a couple of clothes calls, but there was a mirror. Everyone had stitches and scars. And he said if a good day on the Saturday, no one went to the hospital at the end of the day. What's the name of it? What's the name of it? R-O-A-R. We can watch your smile. I'm sorry. Is it on YouTube? I'm trying video, you can write it for $3. I remember three bucks on Amazon Prime. John, John, that guy tread, will brought his fucking girl who is dead scared. Dead scared to those pairs. She's like, I don't want to do this. And he, and they recorded him, get neat and. Really? He had a big front in pan. He was beaten him on the, like this. When the member director, he was listening to it in the head phone, I can't help but I was there. And he goes, who must get along? This is what he says. You must never listen to this. Yeah. Yeah. That's how freaking gory it was. You hear the screaming and dying. How come they didn't say, John, how come no one went in there to try to help? He was alone. Oh, wow. You know, Alaska. It was in Alaska. It was in Kodiak Island. Oh, he didn't have a film crew with him as well. So no, no. Nobody did himself with me. He wanted to live amongst them. And he walked around with the cameras. He was tread well. Yeah. He walked around with a camera, filmed the fucking, and those bands are there. They're so big. They're like, Well, first of all, they're wild. They're not domesticated. They thought he raised them from clubs. These are wild bears. Yeah, he was cool with all of them, except this one mean one. Right. That's the one that ate him. He only need one bad scene. That's all. Good. He would talk to the bears like they were dogs. He, he little bear. You know, like that. And they'd be looking at him like, what the fuck you. Yeah, they'd probably, he didn't know there was a Jimmy the bull bear there. They killed the bear. And then they go and they take it and cut them open. And the guy that the doctor says, I was talking to these two people yesterday and today they come back and garbagebed. Ah. He's in the body, do it, David. And no, they weren't no polar bears. They were fucking giant. Great. Black. Oh, really. Where's the bears? Yeah, brown. Wow. Giant, grizzly bears. Big ass bears. You know, people do stuff. People do stuff with stuff like that. Almost deserve to get killed. Thank you. Like, Flippest you that guy, Alex Hinald, who climbed El Capitan with no rope. I think he fell, right? Oh, we lived four hours. He went with no, they did a documentary on it. Was fucking insane. What, yeah, I saw that one. You said to me, you said to me the legs. I said, yes, fell. No, he climbed, he climbed the in four hours. Crazy. That's right. Climb, squat with no rope, no protection, no nothing. Just a chalk bag. And he did it. Phil Kro said they were petrified the whole time. The whole time they thought it was going to die. That's 3000 feet. Oh, no. They thought he was going to die. They didn't think he was going to make it. Yeah. What about the Asian guy that climbed up that fucking, that would do all that stuff. And he would hold one of the entertaining videos. And he died. He let go of it. Yeah, that was the Osmond. Donni Osmond. His Danny Osmond. His legs. All it takes is one slip. You can be the greatest climber of all time. But all you have is one misstep. I mean, you're done. They can't see the guy. He's a brain scan. And they said that he was missing something in his brain. Yeah, it's called fear. Johnny's that. Yeah. But there was a scapegoat. But there was an orgasm, an organic thing that could pinpoint to that. He basically needed that fear to stimulate his brain. Oh, that's ridiculous. It must have been the same thing that that guy in the living with the bears had. Because there's people out there that are just fearless out there. Because when you see people like, you know, you've seen the tire king that movie, right? That's different. Those tires were raised from kittens, you know, essentially. Yeah, they're still dangerous. They'll get me wrong. But they weren't like living with wild animals there. So it was a big difference. Well, sir, a lot of those circuses, fucking animals, they were raised. We got something on the screen there. I don't know. We got to get from Zermok. Get the kids. You guys see me? Hey, Carl. I see you. Hey, Carl. Hey, Carl. Hey, Carl. All right. I got Carl here today because I wanted to talk about a lot of body balls, you know, complaining to me that they don't know how to make food. And I catch all these body balls, guys. And Greg, you know, you made your own food for you. Johnny made your own food. They cooked with like the print. They'll spray half the can of Pam in the pan. And then they don't know why they can't lose weight. They just don't know how to cook. And I'm going to say this. And I'm going to buy a fake flat from the women, a worse cook than worse than them. They don't add a cook worse than them. You would think back when our parents were young, the women all cooked, they'd all cook. And they knew how to cook. That was something they learned from their mothers. Nowadays, women only not call it order out food. I think men cook more than the women do nowadays. And they don't have to do basic shit. I got three messages, DMs from a guy in one week. Guys asked me, how do you make rice? Rice? No, it's true. It's true. Because you don't know that you got to freaking wash the rice first. You know, it's so simple. My father used to boil an egg in a frying pan. He just took it like fucking this much water, drooled in it. That's it. That's that. I tell people to poach their food when they're trying to make chicken and everything like that. Crazy. So anyway, I got Carlos here because Carlos is going to help us with some recipes. Carlos, if you're giving aside from people ordering the chicken from you, which is probably the easiest thing to do it, by the way, I love you chicken. You sent me so much of it. I'm still eating it. I think that was about to send you some more. Yeah, yeah, I love it. Because I'll tell you why. You know what I did? I usually put it in a pan and I get all fancy with it. But the other day I was starving and I just had time. I literally threw a pack in the microwave and I thought I was going to taste disgusting. It was absolutely, it tasted like you just made it. It was delicious. It didn't have any like any of that, like, you know, weird smell or anything like that. It was, it was perfect. Right out of the microwave oven. That's all I did. It was put in there for two minutes, not even. I mean, yeah. The way it's packaged the vacuum shield and frozen the whole process. Like it's impossible for it to like go bad quickly. It tastes perfect. You have it seasoned absolutely perfectly. It's amazing. Thank you. Thank you. And so chicken pound.com. So guys, check it out. You can buy your chicken by the pound and it's already flavored and seasoned and cooked. It's just frozen. That's it. Not pound chicken.com. It's chicken pound. It's chicken pound. It's so great to have those done in the freezer that like you just said, Dave, you're a fucking different time throwing a microwave boom. It's an easy way to eat. The keeps you're from eating terrible shit. Which is the flavor you can do while dieting, call it. Which is the ones that don't have any sugar. Yeah, cilantro, balsamic, lemon herb and then we have a plain and then for the real hardcore guys, we have a pre-contest plain. So anybody who's got, that's chicken, no spray, no salt, no pepper, nothing. I like some seasoning. You can eat seasoning when you're dieting. You just don't want the extra sugar. Yeah, but there's those nutty people who I was like, when I first started body building, I was one of those guys. I'd rinse my tuna fish on the water. Yeah. I was one of those guys. Oh, you still got a few of those people there. I knew this girl. I'm not going to say who I'm going to name this. She would boil the chicken. Then after she boiled the chicken, I don't even know what she was patting dry. Just probably the water out of it. She would literally boil it for hours. Then she would pat a dry with paper towels. There was probably negative fat in the chicken. She wouldn't put a single ounce of salt, pepper, no seasoning, nothing. I don't know how you eat this stuff. It's like chill out. And she was never misalmpier. No, but she did really help her when I caught that. That's the national level. When you boil the chicken like that for a long time, it gets so dry. Oh, 180. It's like chill out. I got to tell you, years ago, I used to get grossed out when I was a child. I don't eat chicken soup. I used to watch, I was like four years old. I used to watch my mom cut up this chicken with the skin on it and all this stuff. And she wrote it in a pot. And then when he came out, he ripped it apart and he picked it and he ate it. I was like, I'm not eating that. We'll chicken altogether. There was probably delicious, too. I want to eat it. Oh, it smelled amazing. And still his day, the smell of her chicken soup was amazing. But to this day, I can't eat it. It's boiled chicken. There's nothing like your good chicken. It's like homemade chicken noodle soup. That's like the best. You wish kind of sullen. That's right. Yeah. That's right. That's right. Now, it's called, if you're advising people, I'm going to ask all three of you guys for your own recipes. What's the two easiest recipes to prepare? You the chicken fish are meat. If you had to give some, I guess, and then I'll do John, you can do carbs for us. What would you say, Carlo, is the main, the easiest way to do prepare these things. For people who are on a pre-contest diet, want to make large volumes of food and make it tasty, but also make it healthy. Sure. I'll give you a marinade. I think marinating is going to make it easier for everybody to eat it and you can create different marinades without actually sacrificing on your diet. And explain what a marinade is because a lot of people like who are under 25 years old probably have no idea what you're talking about. Okay. But marinating is a preparation of ingredients that will season your food. You actually take your food and you let it sit in this marinade and this preparation okay, for years, there are a period of a couple of hours or overnight depending on what you're marinating. So, a little of thumb for us is when we're using a citrus marinade okay, for me period okay, in my companies we do the same thing. When we're using anything citrus or acidy like balsamic or cilantro, cilantro, apple like the lime juice or lemon juice or balsamic binners, anything like that, we don't marinate it from more than two hours. If you marinate it overnight, the acid can really start to tear apart the meat so it'll affect the meat. And if you're timer right, you might get it tender. But if you don't timer right, let it sit too long and then you'll overcook the meat, it's going to be too hard. So our rule of thumb is two hours on a marinade when it comes to the acid with the acids. Again, balsamic vinegar, cilantro, lime, lime, and lemon juice. So you prepare your marinade. I'll give you two quick recipes. One balsamic and one lemon herb or cilantro lime, all you have to do is change the lime juice with lemon juice and you'll get the same result. So what I would do is I would take a cup and a half of balsamic vinegar. I would take two to three tablespoons of either, I like extra virgin olive oil and then my next favorite is your mac oil date. Okay. And then I would take about a teaspoon or two of salt, a half a teaspoon of black pepper. I would take basil, use about a tablespoon of chopped basil, about a pinch or two of dry oregano. Okay. I would mix that up with a whisk. Let it simmer for a little bit. Let it get cold and then you take your meat, you're chicken breasts, you can take your steaks, you can also marinate your fish with that. Okay. If you like a balsamic oil to that, who is it? Is it very, very small now? It's going to, it's such a minute of mouth. Okay. Because you're not placing it on the meat, the protein and then eating it. You're just marinating it. So, it would absorb a little bit, but it's not going to absorb a lot. It's mostly going to absorb the acid, which is the balsamic vinegar in this case. Right? So, you can do that. On the other side with the lemon herb or a cilantro line, you can take two cups of either lime juice or cilantro. I'm sorry, I keep saying cilantro. It's lime juice or lemon juice. Okay. Or you can squeeze fresh lemons. If you squeeze fresh lemons, you want to use two lemons and use about a half a cup of water. Okay. That ratio is going to create enough marinade that you need. Okay. So, let's add some salt to taste. Black pepper to taste. Parsley to taste. Okay. Or cilantro. If you're doing the lemon herb, you want to do. He is your herbs for lemon. Let me break it down this way. So, let's do sea salt, black pepper, parsley, and oregano for your lemon herb. Okay. You can throw a little extra hot pepper flakes in there. If you like a spice to it, it doesn't affect the calories. You can add a tablespoon. Here's what I do. A tablespoon for every cup of fluid of oil. So whether it's mac oil or extra virgin olive oil, one tablespoon for every cup of fluid. So if you're going to squeeze one lemon into two lemons into half a cup, squeeze four lemons into one cup, add a tablespoon of oil. And then you're going to throw the pepper in the rest of your herbs, whisk it together, let it sit two hours. And then you're done. We eat our fish or chicken in the actual marinade. You put them in the actual marinade, yes. Okay. You put them in the actual marinade and you let it soak for a couple of hours. Okay. And that would be all. You do the same thing with the cilantro. So with the cilantro, you want to take four lines, two cups of water, sea salt, black pepper instead of parsley and oregano. You want to use cilantro. Use enough cilantro to give it a really good taste. So I would go it about four tablespoons of cilantro. And then you can also, if you're a big garlic enthusiast, either one of those. And the balsamic for that. I get kicked out of my house about use garlic. I'm not a lot of news garlic. No garlic. I don't get thrown out. I don't go crazy with the garlic. Just too much. I sweat it out my pores, though. Hey, Mr. Easy. All right, now so now, Carl, how do you cook it? What are you, what are you put it on? You put on a grill and a pan. Yeah, grill, broil or bake. Okay, my preference is only going to be grilling if you can. If you can't, next best is broil, right? Right. Turn your grill around. If you're going to do a whole chicken breast, assuming that the chicken breast is about a half inch to an inch thick, okay. You'll cook that in about seven to eight minutes. The way I do it in a broil or grill is I go about four minutes on one side. Three minutes on the other. I test 165 degrees of Paul Trin about 145, 150 for fish if you like it on a medium well side, okay. And that's really all. Now, if you want, you take some of that marinade and before you put any of your proteins in there, set it aside and then you can use that as a topping. Okay. So if you want that extra flavor and you're not real strict with your diet and your contest isn't coming up, you can use that as a topping later on. But don't put your meat in there and then use it as a topping that recipe would poison. Love it. John, what's your give me some of your recipes for do you agree with what he said? Absolutely. Yeah. One thing about any meat that people screw up is they overcook it. It's the worst thing that you can do because I mean, I mean, things like fish and beef, you can eat that raw. Right. Well, I mean, the amount of John. Actually, I've been doing this for so long. I just can tell you can take the bite up. I just go by. One thing about chicken breasts, which you guys should all do is the chicken breasts come like this thick and what happened, one of the reasons why you overcook them is because you're cooked by the time the inside cooks, the outside is, you know, well, the overcook. So what I do is I butter flying. You'll let it, you'll let it breast down to take a sharp knife on the side and you go, like that and you flop it open, then you got like two halves. Now those are going to be like three quarters of an inch thick probably and then you can cook those in a frying pan with a little spray salt. You don't have them. No, you can, you don't have to. So that doesn't make a tender. If you pound it. It does, it does, but I mean, but it also makes it really thin and big. I pound them. You know, you know, Greg pounds, you know, chicken. I pound my, you know, you know, you know, that's, that's not making it. How are you waiting for that? Pat, how do you know, pounding it will make it definitely better, but it's a big process. So if you guys are actually going to do this, exactly, just butter flying, I like to do things like really the marinades are a great idea. Those are always work good. I, I just pretty much just use a dry rub, seasoning, either a Greek seasoning or that I like a lot or salt and pepper to me is right. You got to watch out that some of those seasoning, then pre mix once do have some carbs sugar in them. See, you got to watch out that they don't. Yeah, I mean, look, look, this is not pre-contest and I don't believe in this exact you know, you got to like eliminate all fat. You got to have it. We are not building a fucking space shuttle, okay? This, you got to eat, you got to enjoy your meal, you got to live if you're not dieting for a contest, you do not. But I, right, but I'm talking about for people who are dieting for contest, how not to get we don't want to get hidden hidden calories in there. If you're dieting for a contest, you should be using, you should be using salt, pepper, and garlic and that's it, man, a little bit olive oil. You should not use anything else. This is natural, it's pretty good too. I like to mix that into sometimes. Mrs. Dash, you can use that stuff. I just keep it simple. The furious chemicals is possible. So, salt and pepper, he's a little, you know, olive oil is flavored, spray in a nonstick pan, heat the pan up, spray it, throw those down, you have to cook and probably two, three minutes aside and they're done. The big thing is not to overcook them. You slice one of those open to test that it should just be turned in from, you know, that beige to white. Right. As soon as it does that stop because it's going to keep cooking after you take it off off the stove, especially the coverage. So, if it's, you take it off a little under cook, that's fine, and we'll finish cooking on the side. And then the difference between a dried out overcooked chicken breast and one that is cooked correctly, that's why you only need salt and pepper. Because it tastes fucking amazing. You haven't dried it out. It's juicy and that's, you know, one of the benefits of knowing how to do that. And a good quality piece of meat, too, right, John? Like, that's the most important thing. Guys are going to the supermarket, please get it all the time. People are reaching out, you know, they see our stuff, fun, Instagram, and all you're selling chicken for 10 bucks a pound, and I can get it for $1.49, but they don't realize these birds are coming in their gigantic. Right. And each breast weighs half pound. Happy breast. Did you see that one? The black dude held up like this, and it's got, it the breast was like this big, and then the legs were like this big. To like, you know, it's just, hey, the thing about how tough that meat is when you try to eat it. Most black dude like big legs in front of you. That he wouldn't eat the chicken, so I ain't just miss. Listen, because of that, they're the correct one. Call us those old, you guys do all the prep and all that stuff. That takes a lot of time to do all that stuff. It's worth it to have like getting from you. You get the best stuff that's already made, put it in by time you take it, and I want to have just, it's just make something to out. No, no, no, no, no, no. That's a really good point, Mr. G and Carlo, you'll agree with this. It's not, no, it's not the recipe. It's the technique. If you have, if you know the basic technique, if you understand, you put the olive oil in the pan, you throw the garlic in there, you're right there. That's the basis for like 500 things that you can make. You know, you're not like talking. You're not talking. One little tweak here and air comes down to personal preference. And once you start to understand the article game, it's very, very simple to make. One little tweak, and it takes like a completely different recipe. So it's a key ingredient and technique, John. I think people can't, John, I think people also can't be afraid to make mistakes with cooking. Cooking is also a lot of instinct. I think Jimmy, we, I don't know what Jimmy is, but he has all his stereotypes. Calient have like instincts for cooking. I don't know where we get it from, but I just know what to do. And I don't even know why I know what to do. But I know what to do. Eight, two, one, two, eight. I know what Jimmy is. Well, I know what Jimmy is. Oh, Jimmy! Jimmy! You guys are together? Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no. Jimmy, come here. He can't use his phone. Come here. Here it is. I almost believe him for a second. Oh, he is there. Holy, Max. You got a shovel too. He's picking up dog shit. Who's dog shit is he picking up? I just had an argument with the neighbor. Oh, he's just, I think the door should be. I think the door should be thrown over the fence. I know what I'm just, I don't know what I'm just doing. Because he's got dogs. So I think he ain't gonna notice if I throw the dog shit over there. You know what I'm saying? Why do you have a dog? Yeah, I do. I throw over the fence. But Jimmy, you don't have a dog, do you? Yeah. Well, I got joy custody of Bella. You know, she comes over every couple of weeks. Yeah, Bella. Bella. Can I tell her? Can I tell her? Yeah. I'll see you take all that. You take your dog shit and throwing your neighbors. Yeah, Bella, his bell. Bella, Bella, Bella, Bella, Bella. Bella, Bella, Bella, Bella. Look at him. Jimmy, let me ask you a question. Jimmy. Yeah. If your neighbor threw his dog shit in your yard, what would you do? I make a meeting. Well, that's not where it ends. So what happens is, you know, he's got like a, he's got a white BBC, you know, six foot feet. I can't see over the fence. So I know he's got dogs. I just shove over the dog shit here with my nice long fucking spade shove. Yeah. And I'll watch it over the fence. So I think he's got dogs. He's got shit over it. Two egg and door, different, right? Yeah. So now you'll see your pops is head up over the fence. Yo, he was your dog shit. So my mommy's cute stuff. Don't you fucking dog shit. Oh, my, look at the dice. I was like, don't you know, my mommy's cute. And my wife just hung the clothes out. I got clothes on the clothes. I just shits it my clothes. I'm sorry. I take it easy. I need to talk shit on my own. I said it was the one. I was the one. I thought it was the one. It's not. Got to be. So I had to come to guide that as well. Just food now. I'm like, all right. I'm sorry. I got a fucking dog shit landed in the guys under way. I'm not wearing the fucking lying. And the dog shit went right in there. Right? Let me ask you a simple question, Jimmy. Well, how hard would it have been to shovel the shit into a little bag and tie it up? I don't. What's up? Hey, look, this is a show where he's going. Look. Hey, check this out. This is where you. What are you actually doing over this house, Mr. G? I, well, I had to come to the long end. I, I, I, I lost my, my credit card. I, I, I, I, I, I, I, my back here. I got my little money. So I'm gonna be loaded here. Hey, he's a guys loaded. Look at this. Can't see. Oh my god. This is a little. See, I'm not gonna be back. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. I'll repeat my question, Jimmy. I really spoke in head about what a friend to go to. I didn't put the dogs in, man. I just went, what was the problem? He goes to dogs instead of my mom and go, you're ticked my clothes. Stop with the dogs, Jimmy. I said, I think I'm easy. I didn't know. We had to read Jesus, right? I didn't all have said it with the dogs shit. I'll repeat my original question. What would you do if you saw dogs shit flying over your fence? It to your fucking yard. Throw that. I probably pick it up with my shoulder. I probably will watch it back. You're like, you're probably going to do it with the dog. You're like a good, you're not like a good shit fight. No, you're just shit fight. There you go. You can go over to his house with the shovel and probably not the front door in. And his shovel in his mouth. Yeah. That was here in South Carolina. It was shot. Yeah, probably. Probably would. How easy is he? Then he has to throw the shit over the over the fence. It's more work. It's more work. It's less work. It's a put in it. I know. I know. I'm going to move it that far. This way he's thrown it in freaking 600 feet. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's fucking nuts. My neighbor did that to me. I would fucking burn his house. Now he's, now he's thrown it over to the other neighbor's yard. Oh, right. You know what the promise you had. When you have a neighbor like Jimmy, what do you do? It's like you can't, you can't yell at the guy. The dude. Yeah, arrow in tar and then you're white. And then just send it him over. That's what I would do. And flame in arrows. You're getting flame in fucking arrows, Jimmy. You throw shit on my over my fence. How many fucking ships does that dog take though? You know what I mean? I put the shit on his front door. That's what he should do. You guys, you guys see the dog. This is the dog Bella. Bella. What did I just want to talk about? I just want to talk about it. I want to talk about it. John, he's not a very big piece of property. Did Jimmy rent something there? It looks, it looks rather large. Yeah. Look at the hacky ship. But what he says is, uh, what did he say? Probably Bella. Oh, Bella. Yeah. I'm full. All right. I'm full. I'm full. All right. Mr. G stop talking. I got to go to Greg. Greg, we're talking about recipes. Give me your recipes when you were a bodybuilding. First of all, uh, me, if I was going to do a showback, you know, way back then, I wouldn't even put anything on it. I was like, nuts like that. Are you a person? Right. I'm a purist. Nothing. Now, I wouldn't even have salt on there. Nothing. Wow. I used to do the same type of shit boil it. And that's how I know it gets dry. And then I figured fuck this. I'm going to try microwave and it was even worse because microwave and drives it out even worse. I mean, I'm a basic guy because I don't like, like, garlic or onions. I don't like any of that shit. So for me, believe it or not, if I was going to cook something here, I used, like, say, on, you know, to Spanish, I used to Spanish stuff to sit on or a dobo, the goa. Yeah. I like a dobo too. It's good. You could just do that. A dobo. It's like an all spice. She just told a little bit of that on and it works on everything. And I'm a red meat eater. I like a lot of red meat. Yeah. I used to eat a lot of fish. I don't need fish anymore. Do you grill it? Well, why do you make the red meat? Yes. I grill it. Grills right there. Right. These two seasonings are all you ever need. I can't sit. They're being keyed up by your, uh, you green screen there. That's the reason. I don't know. I used to say, I used to say, I used to do a little bit more than the car. Yeah. There you go. Yeah. Right. But then I used to season with those, she's like, the red is red, you know, and I mean, the pocket. And it really, and it's, I don't know what the hell is in there, but man, it is really good. But what do you do to grill, do you bang on? How do you cook? I grill. I definitely grill. And I do basically same like Carl, I would say, or I grill, you know, I grill or I grill. That's the way to do it. Yeah. Now, with now, would you prepare large amounts of one shot? Did you make each meal in the hallway? No. See, that's the difference with you guys. I can't marinate shit because I want to eat it right to fuck now. I'll send it stuck in hungry. You know what I mean? No. I'm wondering, guys, you know, it's like that. You buy a fucking gown of ice cream. You say I'm going to take a bowl of that shit and you want to be in the whole gown. Yeah. I do the same thing. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't. Look at George. I'm going to make those cookies. I ate like two of them the first time. I'm like, I got it. You know, I'm going to want to, yeah, it's like, fucking 3000 calories. But I'm. But I can't. I'm like that. I can't prepare food ahead of time. I mean, I can. Like when we have company, you know, but I, if it's for me. Fuck. You're, you're like an addict, man. You just can't. Right. If I, George, if I made a whole fucking pocket chickens, right? Like five breasts. I've won if I swear to God, I would eat the whole five. I, I'd tell you, okay, I got to put these away. I'm going to eat one. Once they won, I still going, you know what, fuck it. Let me eat another one. And before you done, I eat them all. So I don't really like, I can't, like, fuck a cook and wait. Right. But I'm a basic guy. I do not. I got to like, I like peppers and shit. You know, sausage and peppers and chicken and peppers. But that shit of fucking low in my stomach. I burped that shit next week and it'll come up. You know what I mean? So I am a bland eater. No onions. No garlic. I, I can't stand that shit. Right. But we agree for somebody else with somebody's smoke. You know, you know, smoke. So you can, I do that. I pass a car on the road. I can smell the guy smoke and then it's gone. But when you do any garlic or onions with somebody else, he's that shit. The bread is like fucking wretched. You know what I'm saying? I, I stopped doing. I stopped eating. I felt bad for my wife. I was like, you stink. I said, all right, I don't smell it, but I'll take your word for it. Now, I don't know what's in the game. You can stick up a whole room with the bread. You know what? You know, when you walk into gym and it just smells like salami bread. You know what I mean? Like every week. A black man used to smell like garlic from a mile away. Oh my god. The next morning after that wine and garlic, you would be punished. It was like training. It was like spawning in garbage. I don't know. I don't know. That's a black ground. That's a black ground. That's a black ground. That's a black ground. That's a black ground. That's a black ground. What do you got going on it? It's called Zoome. Well, welcome to the 21st century. Yeah. Is that like green screen? No, it's in the, it's in the Zoom program. You can make your own. Yeah. Oh, you're kidding. I do. See Carlos got on it. Yeah. Now, I do a Carlos. I don't, I don't know who you're going to be. Then I've introduced me who's on the show. Oh, Carlos. What Carlos? I'm going to go on Carlos. I'm really kissing my homogress. I get to get you, you did a guess. The pier is for me when I promoted the extravaganza with Bob Bonham, and he has a go. You've been pressed like 1,400 pounds or something like that. I spotted it. I said it on me. So we've zully warm it up. Yeah. It did like 600 pounds revenge bet, revenge reverse bench. I just wanted to get it done for. I'll let that out. You don't get it. Who's I can? I'll never get that out. Hey, Carlos. Oh, we've mentioned, remember the extravaganza you promoted. They bottom held that for years. Who do you think was the most impressive woman left there at those things? There was some really good with tats. It was as you did some crazy stuff over there. Has it the long was crazy? Yeah. You know, little, little Joanna Lee who just passed recently, right? Was it Joanna? Little Joanna Thomas? Yeah. You know, about Nicole Bass. Nicole Bass was crazy. She lifted it. I didn't even know the show. Yeah, Nicole. Joanna Thomas took part and at least one of them because that's where I met her. Right. Look at her. Ray Hollett. Ray Hollett was crazy. She wasn't. He was a vacuum. You still used a lot of weight. Yeah, right in here. Yeah. Here. I mean, they were. Oh, you're not going to see. Can you. Can you. Can you. No one's doing a show here. Can you guys start talking to each other? Sorry. Thank you. What a good show. I didn't get forgot. They weren't a commission. I'm just going to show the bullshit point on. They're always trying to steal the show. Those two. Very dangerous. It's already good. We're so really good. I'm not done. No good. We want to see the shit. I was on the floor. I was on the floor. I was like, oh, finished talking. I think they nailed it with any Revechao and test. Any Revechao, yeah. Crazy. Crazy. Seriously, fuck away. Those girls would sit up. You're fucking colon. Holy shit. You know, I could be wrong, but do you guys remember Denise Koshar? Yeah. Yeah. I think she competed once. And when I saw her, first excuse really, pretty. I was just kind of like holy crap. And then I know I met her through Bob and Kenny Castle and all those guys. And then, you know, that those women were pretty. And you know what Greg, you would know this. You know what, just ran into. Been working at a little bit different, I mean, close local. Kathy Unger. Remember Kathy Unger? Oh, yeah. I remember Kathy Unger. I remember Kathy Unger. I did put a less weaker so she's doing personal training at the studio where I've been working out at. So, way. What? What did she do? I think she was natural. Wasn't she natural? Well, natural. Yeah. You know, who was this, what did a strongest girls I ever saw was Honey Van Aiken? Oh, yes. She was at it. You're right. She used to train with Carlisce. I saw her do be inclined bench presses with three, 15. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Carlisce is, you know, spotting. She didn't even know freaking. Wait, wait a minute. And then she do it on a single outside and smoke a cigarette. I'll tell you what. I spotted Heather Darling bench 500 pounds. Yeah, that's crazy. Heather Darling. Heather Darling. And she's a lawyer on top of her. I'll take. Right? How? Dude, 500 pounds. She said it's on it. She should have done it in competition. She would have been. She's the type guys in the gym. She, you know, they, she tell a guy doing like three, 400 pounds. Can I work in with you? You only do some of the go a little heavier. And then she would get on it. She's fucking bang 500 pounds out. Yeah, no, I've seen it. Yeah. Yeah. You remember that right? Carlisce. I remember I witnessed a lot of it. You know, I mean, I have. I have. Bob ran the tight ships. Oh, I'm so happy. Oh, I'm so happy. And they would come in and, and when are students? He went to swim. He went to swim. And do all of the shoots for women's bodybuilding or the bodybuilding. Yeah. And everybody, who's the one that's in jail for shoot for killing the husband? Sally. Sally McNeil. What a piece of worship. He came in and started yelling and screaming at me because she was lost. And didn't know where she was going. And Bob stripped orders after I was done answer the phone. So she was calling the gym to figure way over there. She comes in and starts blasting me. You know, it's the fucking phone. I'd be trying to call it. You're looking shit and shoot you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's right, though. He's right Bob. We want a crochet. If you left a handle of the cable crossover. He would he would. He would have noticed those cameras all day long, right? If he, I'm humble value it from the jet. So, John Bully stopped the music. John Bully. Put back your weight. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I could tell you me. Well, yeah, who who is there for the rocket today? Dude, I remember I didn't want to say it. I was going to bring it. All right, I'm going to pull the Greg. Can you guys see this or it's going to be interesting here. I didn't throw that shirt. I tried to rock. I got it. No, they could see because you had it in the green. I'm going to put it in the green. I'm going to put it in the green. Sure, right here. Yeah, right here. I can't see it. Now you see it. No, no, because it's not we're not seeing him on the screen. Right, right, you're stuck. Don't hold it up. Make sure you go like this. Yeah. All right. So it's a clear, clear, sweet and I after we worked out. Okay. See if I see you back in 2000. So so he comes in and it was a former wrestler Greg. You probably met Jimmy Powers. You remember him. Yeah, I remember him. He was number on his own. He would. Yeah, he would wrestle a lot with Rocky Johnson who is Duane's dad, right? Greg has to Jimmy and I are to count his number two. And I was John was kidding. So Jimmy, wait to go work out. And it's a Monday night. I'm on the morning. So they're in town. The rest was in town from Monday. I think comes the way. Right. Now at the time I was working at the gym as well. But I wasn't working during this time. I was getting ready to go work out. And so Jimmy and I stand in there when Dwing comes through the turn style. Jimmy recognizes them. They talk in because of course. Jimmy knew him when he was a kid. So he goes in and he's working out. And actually before he goes in he says to me, he goes, you look like you're getting ready for a show. He was always a bodybuilding fan. Always a big bodybuilding fan. So he says to me, he looked like you're getting ready for a show. Yeah, I'm doing junior essay. It's a couple of weeks away. He was what are you training? That's it just been wise. So it looks at me goes, come on. Let's go. So I'm sitting there and I'm going to say, I don't want to say it wasn't a huge fan, but I had a lot of dressing in me. So I knew who he was. I did me 2000. So it's very early on when he's be, I'm getting ready for a show. We get it throughout the 50 times that people wanted to take pictures. The whole workout was basically kind of irritated, but we got it in. We get done with the workout. I'm not the front Dwing's in the locker room. Bob Bonne and walks through the doors. And I said, oh, Bob, I said, you made it on time. The rock is here. So he looks at me. Goes, huh? I said, the rock is here. Oh, good. He owes me $14. I swear to God, I'm my daughter. Okay. So I look at him. My face drops it. Now, he's Jimmy Powers. He's another, he's with me there. Carla, you should have pulled the $14 and pulled it out of your pocket. You should have paid her. Wait a second. Let me finish. He's not to, wait. He's going to give it a bit. The part of the story. It gets better. The $14 is for. And Jimmy looks at me. Goes, is he serious? So outcomes, Dwing at a lock. Yeah. She has hired a bob and thanks him for the workout. And he goes, by the way, don't go any way. You only $14. You know what he knows of the $14 for? Well, tank top. He took a tank top. The last time he was in the gym, he took a tank top to work out and he didn't have any workout gear. So he needed. He wanted the $14 back from the tank top that he took that he wore. Not like he was advertising for the guy or anything like that, right? So he needed $14. So for Dwing, just was like mouth open and he's such a great guy. I think everybody here's met him, right? Of course. Humble guy. He just turned to, I forgot, I was a Steve. He always had a guy with him. Like a big, burly body body that would walk him up in Naniah. Okay. He just turned around and he goes, Steve, can you just do me a favor, please? Can you just take care of this gentleman? Whatever you need, just please make sure he goes. That was it. Now, I don't know whether it's true Greg, you would know better than I. But I heard that for years the WWE guy stayed out of there after that incident. Any proof that I correct? Well, I, yeah, I believe so. But you know what I said to me, I was only kidding with him. I was breaking his balls. He wasn't kidding. No way, Bob. He wasn't kidding. No way. No way. No way. But I've just tell you, Rob was saying to me, you know what I'm saying? He was saying what you did. Bob should have given him 25 shirts to wear. That's great advertising. You know how much it's worth at the rock, rock, rock and around, we're in your fucking shirt. Are you kidding me? It costs a million dollars if you would have Kim Kardashian, make one Instagram post for you. The rock has more followers than Kim Kardashian. Yup. And he's wearing your shirt. Yeah. He would tell the New York Jets would train there and he would tell them, Pupack, you wait. He would stop them. It just hollow, Tayyik. Carlos was there all the time. He would turn off the, I mean, Carlos worked there and, Yeah. And I didn't, I would just be there because Bob, but I would just, he would turn off the fucking music. And he would tell like, jumbo Elliott and guys, you know, wait, one time the New Jersey nets will work in there working out there, right? So the New Jersey, that's at the time they're actually pretty good. They Jason Kennedy team their Coleman, old these good guys, right? And one of them left dumbbells underneath the rack. So he's in his office and I'm at the front desk. His office was behind the front desk. He comes out and he goes, you see that? And I go, what? He goes, look, I'm there there. So I'm like, what? He's like, there's a dumbbell in the rack. So I'm like, I'm not eating see that. He goes, let's see who did it. So he goes back there and it's one of the nets, right? So he goes, make the announcement and tell him to put the weight back on the rack and go, oh, he plays from the net. So I'm not going to do that. I think I was just doing it. I go, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'll be right back. I went over and I put the dumbbell back. Yeah, I don't blame you. Yeah, that's a barrier. Follow this guy out. It's crazy. Why was Bob so militant like that, does great? It's just, you know, he lives by principles. And I do that. I was actually filming a TV show once and they stopped it because he was like, okay, listen, we got to close up. Yeah. So we had to wrap it up. I'm just saying, you know, he was just one of those guy. I mean, Carl will tell you, just didn't. He had did bend when he said put the weight back. He meant even the handles of the fucking cable crossover. The way it should be. Or do you do the right one? I don't know. The three people were right. He wasn't all wrong with everything. I got to tell you because there's somebody who trained there for many, many years. He had the most organized gym. Yeah. Part of the art. Very clear. I don't want this to be a strict bashing session. He had with the open. Nobody's bashing. He was up on 30. How many 30 years? Close. 35. Yeah. He was just, I mean, so I mean, just bent alone. You know, they're bashing and we're just talking about the East Coast Mecca. That has, that had the title first. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Well, that was in Jersey. In Jersey. It was East, it was strongly shapedly. And then there was time in. Time in Jersey. Time in Jersey. And it was those two because I grew up in both of those gyms. I was. I was. When I was reading it muscle and fitness flex all the magazines. We're talking about strongly shapedly gym and diamond gym. I was closer to where I was located. Me too. So I actually, I went found it, mapped it out. Okay. So it was about 20-minute ride from my home. And I started training there because the first I remember seeing it in the magazines there was a particular weekend when one of the Murray Mike Madderazzo and Kevin LeBron role. Yeah. So here I am. I'm, I drive out to this gym and I want to start working at it because I want to run into these guys. That was 1991 or 1992. So his gym was a big, big deal. Yeah. And you know what Bob never ever charged me ever to go into that gym ever. Me neither. He always loved me and he never charged a lot of people. He never charged me. He would, you know, he would do anything. He would bend over back. At the end of when I had my own nutrition products. You know, when I first started species he sold my products there. So I have an, I always, you know, Bob's a good friend. I consider. I just, I, I love Bob's militant nature because he didn't care who you could have been the president of the United States and that that was his rules were his rules, you know, that was it. Yeah. I want to say. You know, I'm a special friend. You should be able to. If I put weights away is like the most basic fucking thing in the gym. I don't know where people get this attitude that they should be exempt from putting the weights away. Just put your fucking shit away. It's that. Do I have a business? Go. You have a good at any business? If you, if you, if you, if you, if you lay in all over the pun, I have a profound respect for the way Bob ran his gym and I really mean that like I had a profound respect for the way ran his gym. There was some, there was some incidents of course you heard me tell a story. But from a gym standpoint when you walked in there, somebody who wanted to train the, the most frustrating thing you can do when you're getting ready for a show or you're getting. Deep into a workout is going to grab 50 pound dumbbells and only finding one of that, you know. You never had a worry about that in his clothes. So ever, I learned a lot about how to run a business from him in the couple of years that I worked there. And he was very, very good at that. Maybe a little bit overboard with, hey, Jim's closed for a clock for clock everybody. Yeah, clock, clock everybody's out. And it didn't matter if you were his friend. I don't know if right. Did he ever give you the key to the gym? I don't think he gave anybody the key today. I was, I don't only go to, I mean, I train you sometimes, but I would only go to, because I was a him and then, you know, I would hang out with him afterwards. So when he was close to the gym, we were off to the diner. But the thing is, no, he ran, he ran a very, very, very tight ship. But, but he also, you know, he would help whatever you needed. You know, I'm saying they did a lot of photo shoots that Jim, a lot of commercials that that Jim, you know what I mean? I mean, if he liked you, he really liked you and he took very good care of you. Like you said, Dave, like there were certain people that we knew when they walked in, we could let him go. But I can't tell you, most of the time, I had to pick up the phone and be like, hey, this guy's here and he's got a guess. Yes or no. And there was some noes. There weren't, it wasn't always a bottle of wine. Bob would hold champions day and day every year. Right. If you placed top five in a national show, remember, it was only bodybuilding back then. You could come to he invited you to Champings. If you showed up with another person, like you just drove down there with another person, that person wasn't coming in. The Martinez came, I remember with someone once, he's like, hey, coming in. Yeah. That was it. Those are the rules, you know. When you were in the area and you worked for him, it was a big deal. The work, the show. I'm sorry, the event. It was a big deal when he said, you know, you know, I was like, well, I was just going to do something. I was like, yeah, I'll do it. It was like, oh, it was a big deal. It was great. Hey, Jimmy, did you ever do a workout at Bob's gym? I can't imagine him letting you do the pound of weights in there. Well, I was listening to you talk and, you know, Bob used to call me all the time and invite me to Champings day. Right. He used to go. I used to drive in the Jersey. You know, and I used to do, you know, I think I don't know. I call us might even see me there one year. You know, I would load up, you know, 800 or whatever, you know, do whatever I got to do over there. You know, people looked, you know, who's a lot of fun there. John, I'm fucking laughing at John. What's that? He left because you called him Carlos and it's Carlos. But you know what, Jimmy, you probably, you're very respectful. What's the time? He's like, did you put the weights away, Jimmy? No, I didn't have to say anything. You know, that's a double chin. Yeah, I got to be at half of it. You know, but I can't, you can't better over the years. I started putting shit away. You know, when I was done working out. Do any plates, you know. Jimmy, Jimmy and I got thrown out of it. And it's all. Jimmy, remember the time we got thrown out of the tennis club? The way you're in Washington, remember? Yeah. Yeah. Jimmy Pilecia, the bull, the iron bull in his prime is working out of the gym. Like a nodalist, not even. It's like a, what are those universal machines? There's a shitty gym, right? At a tennis club. And Jimmy's over there freaking doing pull ups on a machine on the thing that You had no pull up bars who's doing it immediately, right? He's going, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, like this. And this fucking guy comes over when a tennis suit. Remember it with the white, with the white, the white, whole tennis outfit and he goes, excuse me, excuse me. But we don't, we don't have that behavior around there. And she goes, what? What? What? What? I can throw it. Yeah, no, you're doing. You remember Jeff King, is that my saying that right? Yeah, Jeff King. Yeah, his wife on the gym and the Pittsburgh, or I don't know where, where was the gym at? I think I'm that sure. No, you're thinking of Kim Kim King in her husband, right? Kim King. Kim and Jeff King. What makes my face? Yeah, it was Jeff King. It wasn't the Jeff King body builder like you're thinking of. It was Kim King in her husband. They were both competitors, yeah. Right. So the gym was, uh, and like, and, um, this fucking guy fucking days, I'm listening to this guy with the cock. Dude, he's got this guy. I can't take it on the show. Jesus Christ. Fuck me. I mean, we had him. I don't know how to hit him. I don't know how to hit him. I don't know how to hit him. Don't talk shit out of him. Come on, don't talk. I did not already, it ain't work. When we asked him to stop. Yeah, go tell him what the fuckers are doing. I don't know. Jimmy, you go do it. I figured I'll let him get beat up. I can let him get beat up. I can't let him get beat up. It's all going to be a story. I think it's a story. I think it's a story. Finish the story. Yeah, so anyway, I was in the gym. I guess it was the woman. I went up on a honeymoon. Yeah. And then I was trained with Dory and Yates and Steve Weinberg was there and everybody. And I walked in. She ran right over to me. I wasn't even through the door. What he says, I know who you are. I know you got a reputation. Of course the gyms object goes up. Tell you right now. I'm watching you. I just walked in. I said, that's me. I'm going to see you in the Bronx. I thought it just wasn't a problem. I'm not going to bust anything up. Because I know you got a reputation. I said, I never hunted my reputation like that. But that's fine. No problem. I figured I was a fry zephy at the time. I walked all in. I started doing a little bit of a back workout. I loaded up the lap. I pulled down. I should fuck it. I loaded the fucking bin in the front. I just thought you were going to fucking fuck it. I was making him run. I was making him run. I was making him run. I was like, I normally do. She came running right over. I'm right over. She goes down. Get out of my shit. Get out of my shit. Get out of my shit. What do I do? She said, you'll be a pull out of my machine. I scream. I'm fucking doing lap. Hold down. I was a whole hundred. What if I didn't know? She said, I want you out of the house. You know what? I just got my shit during the age of the day. It was a little late. I was even there. I said, you're mad at it. The funny thing is she didn't throw you out. I flipped it heavy weight. She threw you out because you were yelling. No, I was doing the lap. Hold down. I was so bad. I had the whole rack on. I was a little annoyed because she attacked me. She didn't like me. She didn't like me. Because I walked in. She, that woman just didn't like me. I was like, I'm not going to do it. I'm going to do it. Can you imagine Jimmy the bull working out of planet fitness? I'm like, get about it. Holy Christ. We have to film that. I went to LA fitness over here with the. He used it for me. I was thinking 10 minutes is fast to get thrown out of that. You would last one and a half. They called a police. They called a police. They called a police. What? They called a police. One day before the pandemic epidemic. What do the fuck were in here? I went to the New York Sports Club. The Jim in the village over here. Yeah. I was at 15 minutes. They got the manager threw me out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's just a February. Can't me? Yeah. I went down here to do a little work. I went down here. I paid for the day because they were all juppies over there. I started training with the machine and dumbbell. The guy came right away because you got to leave. I said, what are you talking about? He goes, we can't have that here. I said, I'm lifting. Guys, we can't have that here. Yeah. We can't have that here. I'm lifting weights. What do you mean you can't have that? I would have my phone to do it. He'd have fucking shuddy me sandwich. I'm fucking lifting weights on me. I got thrown out. I got thrown out. You know what I'm trying to fact it. Most of all people have told him that. He has to leave me to believe that maybe there was something to what he was doing that wasn't right. Maybe. Just a baby. No, come on Dave. You know what I mean? 35 fucking years. Come on, man. You know what I got on the GM. I just stomach tense when I train. You know what I'm doing? I'll be, you know, I'm going to pull on the same line as the other one. I'll end with this story. On the same line as Bob Bond, I'm corporate, corporate, and I'm going to Jim and he used to run the NBC before Steve Martin. I hated his guts. He had a Jim and a Babylon. That was a, was it a, a world Jim. And I had never met Jimmy. Jimmy came in there one day, carrying a bench, a hamstring bench. Look what the fuck is this guy doing? Like, oh, that's the bull. Pilechia. And I was training with it with Carl Sun, Tony. I said, Tony, what's going on? He goes, I told him if you want to train. Yeah, I have no problem, but he's got to bring his own bench because he's not running our bench isn't here. Because you would buy your bench all the bars. So I think Jimmy got hamstringed to make him a bench for free. I said, my dad and send him a bench. Is that what it was? He did hate cock. Cocker panoramic order. Fuck it's son, Tony, but there's all my boxers. Yeah. I thought you told him about Paul Cardonia. You remember Paul Cardonia? Yeah. I remember the Cardonia. Bob Cardonia is the most amazing. His son's in the WWE now. What is his name? He was in the WWE. Yeah. Tony, companion? No, um, uh, good. Oh, Bob Cardonia. I thought he was son. Bob Cardonia. Hey, Dave, you remember that guy that used to train? Did you want to never go to that Jim over there? Bob Cuts. I got that Jim ultimately. Yeah. You remember that guy that that fucking nutjob. He was like the manager to place. He had fucking, uh, here's the way a wig. Oh, yeah. What was his name? Crazy Labyrinth. What did they call him? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The guy that the guy used to put his wig on. He had, like, you know, you're going to, the boy got a place. He'd get a, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the the the, the canvas put on your boat. The fucking snaps on a, the fucking scope. He used to put the wig on and snap it on. snap it on it was like Larry crazy Larry or something like that right yeah you remember to snap yeah he was like we're going off yeah they used to play soccer and they used to play soccer and they used to play there was friends with him I don't even have to make friends with him but I don't know if he was a in the from Bombardy Billor from England yes personal train plates yeah don't you miss the game what was that guy's name first office what was his name quick Frank Richie so now Larry what was crazy Larry's name crazy Larry it's all we know what's the crazy Larry yeah what's crazy Larry one and Bob Codona sold the first snapals it was the old guy that used to bring the snapals and little six inch bottles of those and that's where snapals this is back in the 80 that guy used to spit like all you talk to me is to yeah yeah yeah yeah there was some rose yeah I'm fucking fucking snaps in his head and the foam kind of matters that dude was literally fucking crazy and he was not that guy I'll tell you one thing though my sister what she was training there for a while she was like he was working out with her and some someone was was talking nasty to her he almost killed the guy he would he defended her so I I can't say anything bad about the guy but he almost you know when he snapped he would go great no pun intended of course when I say snap but when he snapped he would go crazy he was like Bruce you remember Bruce that was that you know you never Bruce crazy Bruce oh yeah Bruce he's the train he Bruce is the train he used to work at the fish market and he would come come with when those those unitarid things that they wear you know like the slots yeah one stuff like like the mechanics where the slots he's been like fish and he he would do squats bench squats will like 30 pounds two bench you know like fish yeah yeah they would they would do behind the next things but like five thousand fists so crazy motherfucker back at it but he was the patient who the uh no you know I remember what they called the whole I the power twins I remember Larry's the air impression you got it wasn't crazy Larry it was Larry's legend Larry the legend wasn't Larry the legend fuck right George Larry the legend that's what his name was yeah how do you know that I just became to me I remember that's what they called him Larry the legend yeah he was he was he he he he was one of those guys at the switcher go he he'd bunch of a wall he was just one of them guys you know he was like the watch dog a that's he he was very loyal to Bob yeah very loyal oh very loyal man that's what I'm saying he was like I thought he owned the gym when I first went in there you know the way he was treating it oh yeah I'm forgetting about it man that guy was it was always there too it was the smallest gym you'd ever seen that that bell more gym it was like it was microscopic I don't even know how he did but it was a beautiful gym it was tiny on peppering ever you yeah that never first personal training office was in there it was it was long and narrow right yeah was it like you walked in it was like long but it was like a nightclub in there right they had like the blue lights and stuff like that yep yep yeah it all hardcore equipment in there I got to say was it never you know can't can't saw he expanded too much he should have kept that gym now got gym was a gold mine wasn't it yeah how there was a really good location it was always busy there he started selling franchise he saw like six gyms he overexcended himself even said it yeah and and when you fridge I wonder what ever happened to Bob God though when the place was eating stuff he pulled me over he really he became a cop but he pulled I knew it was him he's about 15 years ago and he's and he's got the sirens on and I know it's him really he's trying to pull me over and I wouldn't pull over he's like can't watch us down and finally goes over he goes you fucking make me look bad with the fuck he though he did he did he did he did he did he did he did he did he did he did a good job oh they love really he was like a trip like a four trip what to re-black belt so they loved him they used to stand him in to get all the criminals yeah well he was crazy he was completely he was completely he was competing he was competing over sixty you know yeah and all natural he was competing but anyway all right well guys I call a thank you for joining us today of course given us those recipe ideas and I I actually enjoyed today show I'm actually in a good mood so thank you guys for for making that oh chicken by the pound I get it order I try the order in five times I get it order chicken pound dot time correct color the chicken pound dot count right yes all right guys home it this is the COVID right call do you have any a coupon code for arcs muscle is it like 10% off yeah all right so don't forget to put your arcs muscle coupon code and get 10% off tell him rx muscle and after hours that you call you know I'd like you to make like a holiday I think you should make a holiday flavor for the upcoming holidays maybe like a I think pumpkin's like that yeah something like that you got to come up with some kind of like special like season and for like the holidays I'll get on it we have two new flavors coming out soon they have holiday oriented but they're really good yes that's good yeah you gotta have a cookie by George yeah I get one of George what you know what I thought I had a good idea Carlos got a great distribution network Mr. G why don't you have Carlos ship your cookies for you and do your cookies good luck getting the cookie out of Mr. G you get John you're getting candy you get a protein candy okay broke don't hold your breath don't hold your breath okay one time okay subscribe I love you man love you guys all right we got to go we got to wrap this thing up I'm day polon but with the entire whack pack we'll see you next time