I'm Dave Palombo, founder of Species Nutrition. I created Species Nutrition with one mission in mind to provide body builders and serious athletes with no nonsense supplements that work and are backed by science. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body and that lives on in the Species Nutrition line of products. We use only top of the line formulations, toast from maximum results and the best flavoring systems available. I've put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition products. If you want to be your absolute best, join the evolution. Welcome back to Live With Brought to You By Species Nutrition. I'm Dave Palombo and today is a really cool interview. I'm here with a guy who's been competing for over 40 years in the industry. He's trained pretty much all of the California. He's written books that we're going to get into because this is some cutting edge stuff. He's one of the most knowledgeable guys that I know in the bodybuilding industry. I'm really happy to finally join him and then talk shop. Doug Brugnoli, welcome to the show. Thank you Dave. Very much. It's nice to be here. It's nice to talk to you because a lot of people are always telling me and I mean, don't come up to me. I've been trying to hook us up for years and he's always saying, you and Doug, you both talk the same language. Finally, I just, you kind of connected. I said, you know what? I'm going to get you on the show. We got you here today. I wanted to just before we talk shop and science, that's stuff. In the 59 years old, you competed, and you won the AAU, what was the the AAU universe for masters in overall? Yeah, in the 60 now, this was last November. Holy Mackerel. Yeah, I don't know if you know the AAU took a high 80s. They weren't doing any bodybuilding. Oh, they were, I did a thing for another two. If you were in 1990, I think it was in 2017. And then Martin Drake, who's been in the power to think world for decades, brought back AAU bodybuilding. So it's still kind of on the rise. It's not kind of where it was. Right, I understand. But you're 60 years old over 60 years old, and you competed, and you won the thing. I mean, that's impressive. And I'll tell you why it's impressive because I know how my body feels right now. And I feel good. But I'm not in the gym pushing maximum weights and trying to get to that point where I want to compete. So how does your body, or how has your body held up so well after all these years of killing it, you know, in the gym? Frankly, I don't mean to get cut to the chase. But this is what my book is about. It's that I discovered through the years that conventional weight training, traditional exercises are very inefficient for the body. They're very bi-efficient. We mean load versus amount of weight used. So for example, a muscle doesn't know that it's getting, let's say 90% of the weight you're using versus 30% of the weight you're using. But physics determines that, right? So if your muscle has the strength capacity of 90 pounds of resistance, let's say, you don't choose the weight randomly. You choose on a base which you can handle. So that's the capacity of that muscle. You're choosing a weight that loads to capacity. It could be 300 pounds and 30%. 90 pounds. It could be 100 pounds and 90%. 90 pounds. So 300 pounds damages the joints, damages the skeleton, damages the spine. And feels like shit, frankly, and feel, especially, and it didn't make me feel so bad when you were 30 years old. But when you're 50 years old, it feels a lot heavier than it used to feel. So basically, I just figured out what the most efficient exercise is worth. Was able to get, because people say do you train heavy? Yeah, go, well, if you define heavy, by a weight that limits you to four to six reps, then yes, I train heavy. But you do you train heavy by a number of pounds? Yeah. Well, I'm going to ask you with those exercises I started in a minute, but I'll tell you what I realized. When I was at toward the end of my career, I competitive career, I should say, I had really bad shoulders. I knew I needed shoulder replacements. I put them off from when the doctor first told me that I probably weighed 20 years before I actually got him, which is what the doctor recommended. So he's like, don't get him to be absolutely here. So I started modifying my training when I realized that I had issues there to do only exercises that didn't put my body into a position where I had to stabilize too much. I already had all the mass I needed. And I found movements that didn't hurt that I isolated, but that I overload. I used to heavy weights and I can handle. And for some reason, I held on to a lot of my muscle over the years. I don't know if I kind of did what you did in a not knowing what I was doing. But so having said that, I'd like to hear what you think are the most efficient exercises that will elicit the best response in the body, but yet not damage it. Well, look, I mean, what all of us bodybuilders should do is we should say, you know, what does each muscle do? It's such a logical question. Yeah. For example, the lack, what does the side deltoid do? Right. So the problem is, if you have a muscle muscle, right, when they contract, they pull the insertion toward the origin. Right. So the question is, how can you do that? How can you cause that contraction to happen with the least joint distortion? Right. Well, overhead press will screw up your shoulders. And does not simplify the fact that the side deltoid insertion has to move toward the origin, which would be a lateral movement. So an overhead press is only a shoulder exercise in that it simulates a side lateral. That is what that side deltoid is designed to do. So why complicated? Why shortened the lever, which requires more load? Right. Because you have less migration. Why shortened the lever? Why externally rotate the shoulder joint so far that it's actually almost in an armlocked position. Right. Right. Why do that? If it doesn't actually improve the mechanics of the insertion moving toward the origin. Right. So the next question would be, is, okay, so if you're saying that a side lateral is every bit as good as an overhead press, why doesn't it feel that way? Right. What does it feel that way? Because you've got the resistance curve wrong when you're doing a standing side dumbbell raise. It's too easy at the bottom and too heavy at the top. Right. Right. Because your lever is vertical and neutral the beginning and horizontal and heavy at the top, well, that's the opposite of the strength curve of all muscles. Right. So you have your at the beginning and lighter at the end. So if you get on the side, on the floor or horizontally, and you do that same movement, all of a sudden now you have that same feeling of pushing that you do with an overhead press, not of swinging. So you talk about leg on your side? What do you talk about? Yeah, that's one way of doing it or a very slight incline angle your head is a little bit higher than your hips. Okay. You do a side raise using a strength curve. Excuse me, resistance curve. The match is the strength curve of the muscle. Have you ever win the muscle as stronger? Lighter win the muscle as weaker. And you're still doing what that muscle does, which is bringing the assertion toward the origin. You can do it with cables by setting the cable, the pulley up, you know, at hip height. What I did was what I somehow figured out was that if I sat on the side lateral machine and I rested the pad on my elbow, okay. And I just lifted one arm at a time, unilaterally. For some reason, the stability was there that I didn't feel pain in my shoulder. Every other movement showed the press over. I couldn't do it. Grinding, popping. I got on that side lateral machine one arm at a time and I can do the whole stack with excellent, perfect form and you know what I did, lose an ounce of muscle for 10 years on my shoulder. And that's logical. That's logical because you can load your deltoid every bit as much as you can with an overhead press by doing the side lateral raise machine. Here's, you said an interesting thing, you said unilaterally. Yes. Why is that better? There's a reason why it's better. I want to know. And it's something that I talk about in my book. Well, there's actually two reasons. One is something called bilateral deficit, which is that as the name implies, bilateral deficit less than, right? And you do two arms at the same time. Each arm is a little less strong than it would be by itself. They've done studies on this and they've shown this actually true. If you're doing, is that because of the nervous system activation? Right. And there could also be like an attention thing. But if you're doing a two dumbbell curl with a pair of 30 pound dumbbells, it'll be much harder than if you do 30 pounds, 30 pounds, 30 pounds, 30 pounds, right? And part of it has to do with the posture, right? So if you're doing one arm, you actually lean toward that arm. And so your geometry changes a little bit when you same thing with, and even more so when you're doing ladders, shoulders, side deltoid and lats. And that's because we have this thing that I call unilateral focus. And what that means is that if you do curls, both arms are pulling in the same direction. Right. You do any triceps, both. But if you're doing sideways, it's going to the left and this going to the right, those are opposite directions. Interesting. And you like you're trying to do a push down with one hand and a curl with the other. You're brain can't quite focus on both and your posture changes. Intuitively, intuitively, I just knew that I wasn't getting maximum stimulation doing both at the same time. I don't know why, but I just knew it. If you have a good field of your body and you can actually have good mind, muscle, connection, you know when something's not working properly. And that's how I arrived at all this is that I would always do what you do. What you do, which is I could feel what I was feeling and where I was feeling it and then I would say why. Right. And then I would research it and I would find bilateral deficits and I would find unilateral folks and I would find these things. Oh, there's a trigger. Okay, for example, here's the one. Why is squats? Let's just say you were too squat without any weight on your back. You squat, dance, squat up. Why is that in some ways harder in a cissy squat? Yeah, I was wondering that. Why is it? Right. It's because of this thing, CRO, um, um, reciprocal innovation. Again, a central nervous system interference. When you do, when you activate the glutes and at the same time you activate the quads, a couple of these things are canceling each other out because the body will not allow you to contract opposing muscles simultaneously. Interesting. You cannot fire your bicep in your tricep at the same time and no one even thinks about that because no one tries to do it. Right. You're going to activate hip extension muscles, which are your glutes and you're loading them by way of squats. You're shutting off your hip flexor muscles, which is the opposite joint function. One of the, one of the hip flexors is the rectus femurus 25% of your quadriceps. Yeah. Shading off. Right. When you're activating the quadriceps, what's shutting off? The hamstring. What is hamstring? Do participates in hip extension. Right. So you're having this neurological conflict going on that's making the squatting thing harder than it would be if you just did knee extension separately in hip extension. But why does it work so well squat? No one says it does. I mean, all we know is that, no, we know is that Tom Plats had big legs in his squat. Well, we know that squat, I have never seen anyone's legs look better than when they squat. For some reason, when people stop squatting, I see weird like different. They don't have the same shape to their legs for some reason. Well, okay, so the first thing I would say is when they stop squatting, what do they do instead? Right. That's what matters. Okay. So look, there's no doubt that activating your quadriceps when all four heads are working is better than when only three heads are working. Right. There's no doubt about that. And you can mathematically calculate. That's why my book is called the physics of fitness. You can mathematically calculate how much load is going on. So all levers have a muscle that move it. So the lower leg is the muscle that is operated by the quadriceps. Right. So if you know just the most basic physics, which is like the pendulum that hangs vertically is neutral, right? If you move that pendulum over to the side, you want to go back to the neutral position. When it's horizontal, when it's perpendicular to gravity, that's when that lever will be heaviest. Right. Zero when it's parallel to gravity, 100% when it's perpendicular to gravity, and percentages there are in between. So when you squat, your lower leg, which is being operated by the quadriceps, only dips forward about 30 degrees far from horizontal, not even at 45 degree angle, not even at a 50% active angle. So that means that whatever you have on your back isn't loading your quadriceps much. And so you put more weight on the bar, you can press your spine more to compensate for the 30% angle of the lower leg. It's just letting that lower leg go lower as it would in a 60 squat. Interesting. Okay. So here's the math, okay. If you are a 200 pound guy and you have 200 pounds on your back, that's 400 pounds divided by 200 pounds. Right. It's 200 pounds. Multiply times the length of your lower leg lever, which is about 20, multiply times the 30% equals about 940 pounds of load per quadriceps. Never mind that the rectus femmers is being shut off, right? 940 pounds of load per quadriceps. But if a 200 pound man without any weight on his back does a 60 squats and lets his lower leg get near. Explains. Explains. The 60 squats and people who may not know what a 60 squat is. Okay. A 60 squat, let me demonstrate it here. Good question there. 60 squat is where it's at a leaning forward as you squat, you lean back. It's like you're doing a limbo. Remember when you do the limbo and you get underneath the bar? So what you're doing when you do that is you load only the quadriceps. If you don't load the glutes or the lower back at all. Well, no, no, no. I'm just talking about regular, this is what in space, in space where you're either just balancing yourself or you can hold on to dipping bars or you know a Smith machine bar or something like that. It's very lightly not assisting yourself anymore than you have to, right? If you lower your lower leg to the point where it's almost horizontal, that's same to a 100 pound guy without any weight on his back will load his quarsips with a thousand 200 pounds. That's a fact. That's engineering. That's architecture. That's what any mechanical engineer, structural engineer will tell you the exact people who design cranes know these numbers. This is the math. That's the fact, right? And the problem is that we are such muscle heads that we are convinced that having a weight on our back where the plates are rattling and looks more impressive to observers automatically loads the quadriceps more than that Sitzesquat that doesn't seem to be doing anything. But from an engineering standpoint, that's completely false. I get it. Show me one more time the Sitzesquat you think people should be doing that they can get the same benefit from doing no way, just body weight Sitzesquat as what you said, putting all that weight on your back. I'm going to move this back just a little bit. That's okay. I think this is important enough to show people. You're not seeing my legs, does it? I see what's going on. I can see what's going on. No, I don't know how to describe it. They're throwing a knee-spelwork. So I understand what you're doing. Let me do it this way. That's a technical perfectionist. Perfectionist is right. That's a title. Wow. And that's very hard to do. People haven't tried to do it. It's not easy. If Ron had did that move and he'd probably put 405 on his back, right? While he was doing it. I'm sorry. Say again. I said if Ron had he commented that back in the day, he'd probably be able to do 405 for those with that weight. With that. Who else did it? Is Tom Plats? Oh, he was a Swiss-Coucite, too. Rich, Rich, Gaspari. I mean, Leila Brada. And the thing is that people would do Swiss-Couc and Barbell squats and like presses. And the fact of the matter is that's redundant. The quadricep does one thing, primarily, other than the rectus femurs, which assist in inflection, it does one thing. It extends the knee. So the idea that you get a knee extension, knee extension, knee extension, knee extension, different kinds of knee extension, some which in all the hip flexion of safe extension and some which that is redundant. The idea is that all exercises can be mathematically, not only mathematically, but also from the standpoint of how ideal the anatomical motion is for that muscle and for that joint. They can be rated on a scale of 1 to 10. Let's say 10 being the best. And then you would say, well, then why would I do an exercise that's a seven on that scale? Why would I do a six? Why would I do a five when I can just do more of the 10? Right. And then let that muscle get the most. It's like having several doses of vitamin C. And then taking some that are 500 milligrams, some that are 200 milligrams, and then what did you just take the 500? So having, having these sets, would you do have CIS-Coucite when you do your leg workout and would you put weight in addition to your body weight? Well, first of all, let me say there are several ways of doing CIS-Coucite. That's one way. The other is using the bench that you describe where you hook your ankles on behind this thing and you can. So that's another way of doing it. Frankly, I think the best way of doing CIS-Coucite is either with inside a squat rack, with a couple of heavy elastic bands above you, so you can actually use these elastic bands to help you get out of the bottom. The problem with CIS-Coucite is, it's body weight or nothing. Right? You can't just move the pin. Right? So you can add more weight, but then that creates imbalance. Right. You can subtract weight by weight of these elastic bands. Right? And these elastic bands or ropes also help you balance so that you don't lose your coordination in fall the one side. The best way of doing a CIS-Coucite is with a dual pulley machine, or a single pulley machine, where you've got a slight forward pull on the cable, and you kind of lean back like your water skiing, and you do a CIS-Coucite with that. And I'll tell you why it's really interesting. When you stand straight, you are balanced over your heels. If you did not have a forward pulling resistance from the cable and you lean back, you would fall back. Sure. Right? So when you put a certain amount of weight on that weight stack and you lean back, your body weight is offsetting the weight that's on the pulley. Interesting. So you can actually do a CIS-Coucite with less than your body weight. Right. By putting a lightweight on the weight stack and leaning back a little bit, and this minus that equals less than your body weight. And you can also remove the pin and add weight to us. It's balancing you in coordinating. Right. I would do when I would squat back in the day, so as heavy as 600 in something pounds, you know, for reps, we would end sometimes the workout with CIS-Coucite with body weight, and it felt like a million pounds, you're right. It was unbelievable. People don't understand the magnification due to the physics of that exercise. They think it's a CIS-C-C exercise, and it's it's foolishly called that, right? In my book, I forgot what the name of the, there was an emperor or something called that. And even it's believed that it was named after him. Oh. But the point is that the physics of the CIS-Coucite is such that it creates much more magnification to the quadricep, and gives you far more load on the muscle with much less strain on the skeleton. And in terms of your question, the number of sets, the number of sets, obviously, as you well know, depends on a lot on how much weight you select, the intensity of each set. Yeah. Right. You can do endless sets if you're not using much intensity, right? But if you're using a fair amount of intensity, most of us can handle somewhere between eight and 14 sets per muscle. Hmm. If you, yeah, I think putting your leg extensions and curls is up with that, right? Yeah. So you can do half of them on CIS-Coucite and have them on leg extension if you want. Right. They're very, very similar. Sure. Or you can do just one hour. You know, now that I'm working on an agarage, and we don't have a leg extension machine, we just do the CIS-Coucite. And we blow our, we blow our legs up, you know, quadrants and hamstrings with cables. Is this, is this our CIS-Coucite? I get this question a lot of CIS-Coucite's bad for your knees. They are not. They are not nor as leg extensions bad for your knees. And that's what we hear a lot. Yeah. Let me grab a proper quick. I love props. Can't go wrong with props, you know, that's for sure. All right, let's see what he's got here. So, you know, let me tell you how ridiculously lacking and logic, the idea that a CIS-Coucite would shear the knee. You've heard this, right? Sheer. Oh, don't do leg extension. They shear the knee. Right. So I created this little model right here, which is basically an upper leg and a lower leg. Right. And shearing would be this. Shearing is the idea that you're moving the lower leg, the upper part of the lower leg away from the joint. Yeah. So the first thing I did is I created this model. This would represent the Patella tendon. Yes. Coming from the quadricep, right? On the knee. So sometimes the criticism is focused on the fact that the resistance is being applied to the distal end of the lower leg, meaning at the ankle, right? As if that's worse. And it's actually better because the lower, the lower it is, the longer the lower leg, the more magnified it is and the less weight you can actually use. Right. Right. So if I push low on this thing here, as I will here, you can see that there's no. It just swivels. Sure. Right. If I push high, I can shift it away. But if I was trying to, let's say, shear your knee and you were sitting in a chair, I would actually have to put my hand just below your knee and another one below behind your ankle. Right. And I would actually push in opposite direction and actually because the ten minutes of ligaments in there are pretty sturdy. Right. If I don't put anything behind your ankle and I push on your upper, just behind. Nothing's going to happen. Right. Right. Now if I hit it with a hammer, maybe. Sure. But it's not going to happen with resistance. So the real crux of it is this. Is that if you put 50 pounds of load right here, this is about the weight of the knee. So load right here, this is about a 20 fold lever, 20 to one ratio. Okay. That means in order to extend for the quarter six to extend 50 pounds of the ankle, it has to produce 20 times more force. Wow. That's a thousand pounds of quarters of force, right. That quarter of force coming up. And over the knee, which is pulling the the the the the tip of the up. Sure. With a thousand pounds of force, while only 50 pounds is pulling it in. So that's anchoring force. So just no way mathematically that that upper leg can move away from the knee joint when it's got 20 times more anchoring force than it does vertical four. Oh, right. Look, it's it's it's it's basic science and physics like you said, it's not it's this is not you're not making this stuff up obviously. So, you know, and here's another thing. You'll say, oh, don't let the knees go over the toes when you're squatting. Oh, don't let well, what they're indirectly saying is don't let that lower leg break from the vertical position. Right. Well, guess what? As we just said vertical means neutral. Sure. So they're indirectly saying don't load your quarter ships at all because despite you having no knee problems. Yeah. It's bad for the knees. No perpendicularness. Yeah. It's necessary in resistance exercise. It's amazing how these experts out there give at this advice and it's not even actually accurate. Correct. I don't what what do you think a lot of this these these suggestions came from originally is it just they they just made them off. I mean, it has a science scientific base, you know, and they'll use they'll use you know analogies that don't even logical. You know, the one I'm sorry, I don't mean to break from your question, but if you look at it at a skull crusher. You know, the weight is in your hand. That's no different than it being at your wrist, right, which would be the equivalent of your ankle, right. The same thing without the leg extension is basically the same thing as a tricyp extension. The leg is like an arm, right, two bones connected by a hinge joint. Sure. Right, the hamstring is like the bicep, the quadrific is like the tricep, right. No one ever says the skull crushers will show your elbow. Right, true, true. I mean, it doesn't it doesn't make any sense, you know, so. Wait, what I do in my book is I encourage people to ask the right questions. That sort of boils down to is like, like, how is this any different than that? Right. So we always see a bench pressing is so terrible for your fly bench pressing. Do you agree with that? It disagree with it and what's your first obvious thing that's wrong with the bench press is the range of motion. Right, you know that you can't bring your hands together like you would with dumbbells. Right. So you know you're missing 25, 30% of the range of motion, right. And if that's okay, then it should also be okay across the board. It should be okay for your leg extension to stop 30% short of a cushion. And by-sips your triceps, everything to stop 30% short. No, it's not okay. That's that's flaw number one. Yeah. So number two is that when when and I always encourage people to imagine that muscles are like ropes. And then muscle origins are like a person holding that rope pulling that limb toward it. Yeah. Muscles always pull toward the origin. So imagine you've got a man standing on your chest holding a rope, E a muscle fiber. And that rope is going all the way across. It's going to pull that bone toward it. Gotcha. Right. Which by the way is why incline presses are not good. Because the highest part on your sternum pulls the bone and the flat bench direction. Okay. If I go in an incline direction, I'm assuming that I've touched a fibers on my chin. Interesting. There are no touch of fibers above the shoulder joint. Right. Right. Why not come incline presses definitely seem to improve that upper part of your pecks. And we've seen it. Well, that's an illusion. Okay. What that is is because I can tell you for a fact. I don't even know what your training program is. I can tell you for a fact. You never spent six months doing only incline presses. I at one part of my career, I kind of did only incline work. I'll tell you why because I felt like every I felt like I always feel that most people have a good mid to lower chest. It's always the upper chest that seems to be lacking. Now, I don't know the bio mechanics the way you do. So I just assumed that I did a very low incline pressing movement. I would do dumbbells. I would do benching that way. And I just did nothing flat. I did I just six months of incline presses. And my my chest and my upper chest was worse than ever before. Yeah. I mean, so most people don't do that kind of clear study where it's only this for six months. Right. From an evolutionary standpoint, and I know you like evolution, right? We were once upon upon time quadruped. Sure. As we became primates, we became more and more upright in our arms, push progressively and downward direction. But our arms never pushed enough or directions. Ever. It was never one of my endorsers as an evolutionary biologist. And we agreed. There was never a need for an astralopitheasein or any endothal. Or any kind of hominid to ever use his arms, his pectrals, his shoulder joint, and what would be considered an incline angle. Right. Therefore, the skeleton, nor the muscular church, every ball to accommodate that movement because there was no need for that movement. Right. Right. So it just doesn't make any sense that you would now move your arms in an incline direction, even though we never evolved to do it. Right. But I mean, you could artificially do that just to overdevelop. I don't think we were meant to have overdeveloped upper pects, but for bodybuilding purposes, it looks good. So by doing that movement, it might not be a natural movement, but it might create the desired outcome that you want, which is a freakishly developed over, you know, upper pectmas. Well, that sounds good. And wishful thinking is wonderful. But the fact is, again, muscles only fall toward their origin. Yeah. Right. So you do what have to be an origin in the region of where that upper arm is headed to. Right. But with, though, you think that if you overload a certain area of the pect muscle, even though you're not getting a good buy, I guess, advantage, you know, because you're not really moving in the right plane emotion, you still might be over stimulating one set of pect, you know, five or over the lower ones. Right. I hear what you're saying. But the part that your question is is forgetting about, is that there are no five or five, because they're with which to pull. That direction of pull cannot be accommodated by any muscle of the chest. So how do you, how do you target upper pect fibres? We know that there's a pectarralis, you know, major upper pectarralis major and lower pectarralis major. Well, what there is, what there is is upper sternal fibres. Yes. And pelvicular fibres. But to how do you stimulate those, perperegly? Right. Well, again, so if you're doing a flat press in my book, there's a picture of a really, really, different woman doing flat dumbbell press. And you can see that her clav once the arm is up, the clavical shifts from the position to this position. Right. And then you can see that the upper arm is moving right toward the origins of the clavicular fibres, as well as the upper sternal fibres. Do you think keep elbows out to the side? Well, anytime that you're doing a chest exercise, you should always allow the limb to move away from the origins and you're doing a dip and you're doing this kind of movement. You're not moving away from the sternum, nor from the origins. Right. You need to move the arm to the side and toward the midline in order to be moving in the direction of the muscle fibers. And they always tell you not to do that. The power left is always keep their arms tucked in. You never hear, I always is for vital and always kept my elbows out to the side. And felt that I got maximum stimulation that way. But a lot of people say, oh, you can injure yourself more that way. Well, look, here's the thing is, at all times, in all parts of the body, all parts of the anatomy and exercises, you always have to ask yourself, is my limb, which is where the insertion of the muscle is, moving toward the origin of my target muscle, yes or no. Right. So when you're doing a front press, you're moving toward the clavicle, which is where the front deltoid in the collpicular pectoral are. So any kind of front pressure, something like this, will target front deltoid more because you're moving toward those origins. Gotcha. Anytime you're doing this, you're moving toward the sternum and you're moving toward the sternum fibers. So you do a decline direction, you're moving toward the coastal fibers as well as some of the sternum fibers. So why do power lift is tend to have a more tucked in elbow approach? What are that way? What they're doing actually is shortening their lever length. They're bringing this thing in and they're creating a very short lever and they're doing this. And so instead of doing this, which creates more moment arm, which is the physics term, the longer the moment arm, the more magnification, they're trying to minimize the magnification. So when someone says, if you use this particular method, it'll make you stronger. Well, no, muscle capacity is muscle capacity. You have the strength you have, right? What you can do is you can change your physics by shortening your levers and making your levers be more vertical. You get a lesser percentage of the load, but that's like using a crowbar to lift a heavy rock. And thinking that you're stronger because you're using a crowbar or thinking that you're developing more muscle, because the rock you're lifting with the crowbar is heavier than it would be if you lifted it. A rock that was half that size, half that weight without the crowbar. You could actually work harder lifting that rock without the crowbar, get more muscle stimulation with a rock that's half the weight. Then you could with using some of some physics that allows you to use a heavier weight. It makes sense. Fab, let me go back to the me go quickly back to the bench press. The bench press doesn't do what the dumbbell press. The dumbbell press pulls the upper arm, the humerus toward the middle end of the body. When you're bench pressing, it can't do that as well because your hands are wide and they're stuck on the bar. So now what you're doing is actually pushing in an angle, that's why your triceps getting engaged. If you put oil on that bar, your hands would slide out of the bar, proving that you're engaging your triceps. You can't actually pull toward the midline and that's why it's less effective for the pex than an exercise that allows you to literally pull that arm toward the midline of the body. So you can use more weight, but it's kind of in the illusion, just because using more weight doesn't mean the pex are working hard. Since I've actually since we've had this whole COVID thing, I've been training in home all the time. I mean, I have a cable crossover machine and I have a dumbbells, and that's all I'm doing. I'm doing cable crossovers and I'm doing dumbbell presses and my pex feel like I get a pretty damn good workout. So it makes sense what you're saying. So I think the cable crossover is you're talking about the tradition of one with the pulleys that are about eight feet apart. Not, I don't have a big one. I have minor or little closer together because it's okay. Well, that makes a big difference because when they're when they're really far apart, what you're doing is you have two little resistance here and it's too much resistance in the central. Yeah, I agree. If they're if they're closer behind you, then you have more to beginning and less at the end and that gives you the resistance. Subscribe then matches the strength. Yeah, it's almost like a, it's almost like a dumbbell press. Like a dumbbell press, right? Let me ask you here because this is always another miss or something that people don't get right. When they want to build a wide back dog, everyone says, why pull down? Now, if you talk to Dory and the story needs to always the believer of the closer to your body, you are the strong you are the big you're going to build a back. Which is it? Well, again, when someone says the strong the closer your grip the stronger you are, you don't get stronger, right? Just because you change your grip, you're changing the mechanics of the exercise, right? Which might allow you to live a little more weight, but anytime there's something allows us to live more weight, we should be suspect of it. We shouldn't claim to it in embrace it, we should go, oh, I'm obviously changing my physics to reduce the magnification. Reduction and magnification allows me to use more weight, but that doesn't mean uploading the muscle anymore. Okay, so what you're saying? So here's the thing is when you're doing a lot exercise, you have to actually any exercise. The first thing you do is you say, what where is the origin of the muscle? Where is the insertion of the muscle? And what constitutes full range of motion? Okay, so with the lat, when your arm is extended like this, you've got to let the fully extended origins are in the bottom two thirds of your spine, and on the top edge of your pelvis. Right. Back of your pelvis, right? So what you want to do is you want to pull again toward the origin of the lat's, right? In a downward direction, right? So if you're doing one arm cable, then you start here and you end up with your elbow all the way at your side, which allows you to get full contraction of the lat's. Right. Okay. But when you're doing a close grip pull down or a close grip chin up, you're starting too high. You're not starting here, you're starting too high, which means you're already sort of pinching the shoulder joint, getting a little bit of an impingement syndrome happening. Right. And then keep in mind that the lat is pulling on the humerus, which is connected right about there, right? So when a muscle pulls on its on its lever on its limb parallel to that limb, that's called a mechanical disadvantage. That means that it's, that muscle has to pull in a direction, not of the direction that limb can move. Interesting. Right. The limb has to move in that direction, not in, not in, not in that direction, and yet that's the only angle for which it can pull. So it's starting from mechanical disadvantage, right? And then when you get to the bottom, you're seeing, you can tuck your arm in, but you started with a huge disadvantage at the beginning. If you start with a wide grip and you go like this, you end up here somewhere. So you've lost, you lost some range of motion at the end. That's why, and again, because of the just like on the deltoids, when you're doing lats, that lat is pulling that way and that one is pulling this way. These are opposite directions. That's why it would be better to work one lat at a time. I was going to ask you that. Yeah, one arm, a cable, a scrave a cable overhead and pull it down, huh? Right, but at an angle, you don't want it to be straight over head. You want it to be, you want the movement to be parallel to the muscle. I'm going to try that. That's that's what you do on that tonight. Right. You have to avoid the mechanical disadvantage that happens at the beginning, right? And then you want to get a full range of motion. You want to end with that, with that upper arm bone getting right up against the side of your torso. I'm doing it tonight. And by the way, it should not be straight to the side. Right. Right. And the reason for that is because if I get in this position right here, there's no shoulder joint problem. But if I pull my arm down, you'll notice that you have a certain amount of ability to externally rotate this arm. Right. And that's about as far as you can actually take it. Sure. So the idea that you can tuck your elbow into your side, and at the same time have your hand next to your side, that would constitute a dramatic excessive external rotation of that shoulder joint. So what you should do is you should start with that cable at about maybe a 45 30 degree angle, not quite more towards the front, but not quite to the side right about there. Right. And as you pull in, you actually rotate your torso slightly toward the... Oh, interesting. Okay. And then you rotate away from it and then toward it and then away from it and then toward it. And that gives you your full range of motion without externally straining the shoulder joint. I'll do that, you know, it's interesting to say that because I do that one arm at a time with the low cable. I do like a one arm cable row. Like almost you do a one arm dumbbell row, but I do with the same thing where I turn my body in and I kind of pull back, you know, with it. And I feel that I feel a real great range of motion. I really feel the lack contract a lot to that way. And that's when that's one of the reasons why it's better to do one arm-latt pull in. And then it is to do a two arm pull down because you can't rotate to both sides at the same time. Interesting. Okay. And the other thing too is you also find that you lean into your rotate and you lean your torso in that direction. Yeah. And you can't lean your torso in both directions. That's something to talk about. It locks you into much. One more body in the back. We got to go far to this at the time. I got so many questions to ask you people who look at this. Caves. We have people. Obviously, no calves are a genetic muscle group. Some people just have big calves, some people don't. Right. But I had weak calves, you know, very high calves. And I really worked and got my calves to improve quite a bit and bring them up to balance with my upper body when I was competing. I'm up to part of my upper leg. What would you say is the most effective calf exercises and set numbers of reps and how to execute them? Well, the first thing I'll say is that you cannot change a high calf. Right. You cannot make the tendon shorter and the muscle longer. Exactly. The typical calf is the tendon length is set by genetics and the muscle length is set by genetics. Right. And you can make it bigger and making it bigger sometimes it might make it look fuller. Yes. But you cannot actually do anything exercise-wise to make the tendon shorter and the muscle longer. Number one. Number two is that, you know, when someone asks me, what's the best exercise for? I usually start up by saying, well, what would be ideal for the calf? Right. Let's reverse and generate. Right. What is best for the calf for the most part is a relatively straight knee. Right. Right. A bit knee like a seated calf machine, right? Right. Creates what's called active insufficiency. Active insufficiency happens in the case or a muscle crosses two joints. Okay. Like the bicep, like the hamstring, like the calf. So when that secondary joint is bent, it brings the origin of that muscle, close to the insurcer of that muscle, which shortens the muscle. And that's why when we do, by the way, when we do, let's say a spider curl, right? Right. We feel the bicep cramping, right? When we do a standing calf or remember back in the day when we did flat leg curls, yeah, there's no hump in the thing. Yep. We would feel our hamstring cramping. And so you would raise your tailbone up to prevent the cramping. Well, you're actually relieving active insufficiency. When you're doing calves, what you want is more length. So if you have your origin on your humorous, if this is your knee, your origin of the calf is here, right? And your calf is down here. By straightening the knee, you elongate that calf. So standing calf raises a better, you're saying, and seated. Well, what I'm saying is standing like press any kind of calf extension, where your knee is allowed to be mostly straight. Now, what we hear this like if your leg is at a right angle, you work more of the solius muscle, you're standing upright, you work more of the gastrochmuscle. Okay, that's a good question. Here's the answer to that. First of all, is that it's a presumption, right? That if the calf, if the gastrochneemia can't work as hard, then automatically the solace will take over. And that's not necessarily true. And the other assumption is that the solius has much capacity for a grove. It does not. The solius is basically a sheet of muscle. Yeah. Right? And so they've done studies on this and what they found was that the solius works more when the demand is low. Either the demand for speed or the demand for force is low. Right? And your standards must be an endurance muscle. The solius works more when the demand is higher, either for speed or for power, the gastrochneau works more. Right? You can never get the solius to grow enough to compensate for any thirst. The bulk of the calf is always always going to be the gas. So standing with the leg extended in the straight motion is the way to go. Right. Now it could be like press it could be standing. But you do like press of course. You're not to put a bunch of weight on your spine. That's an advantage. Yeah. But what I was going to say was foot position does not matter. Right. You know, this thing where you've turned toes in, toes out, you know, it doesn't take much observation. And thought to see if some guy's turning his toes in, he's rotating his femurs at the hip. Right. It's not like your lower leg is staying foot and then you're right. If I get some of his moving, right? The mechanics of the ankle doesn't change when you rotate the entire leg. No, that makes sense. But you don't want to, you don't want to have a perfectly locked leg when you're going heavy either. Sure. Because that strains the knee. And if you have a tendency to high-pricstend the knee, that could be super bad. You want to have a little tiny bend in your knee always when you're doing caps. What I do at home because I don't, you know, and this is relevant because a lot of people have no gyms. I take the, like, a little leg cuff we can kind of do, you know, you know, you're, you're in a ratify type stuff at the top. Yeah. And I actually put it around my, I pull it up over my calves. And I do standing calf raises with that thing. Where I actually lean back against that pad and, and I seem to get some stimulation of my calves that way. I am all right. Yeah. I'm going to do some idea. Yeah. I mean, it's going to be a good pass at home if you don't have a, you know, a leg press machine or something like that. Yeah. We know we're, we're making do. And what we have, we have a double adjustable pulley, a free motion machine. We have dumbbells from 2.5 up to 65. Yeah. We've got a slight, we've got a decline bench adjust to almost flat and then more, and a seat with a seat back. And that's it. We're getting a glute machine, a hip extension machine. And that's, and then I think we'll be complete. We can work our quads fine by doing those sixy squats on the cable. We can work our hamstrings fine by putting the ankle cuff on the ankle and doing leg crows with the cable. Okay. Well, we can do very well as hip extension. Glute bridges, glute bridges are just literally less than half the range of motion that the glutes have capacity for. So what do you do with hamstring wise? Yeah. What we do is we, we just connect the, the ankle thing here. Right. And then, and then we just do a single leg leg curl with the cable set up, you know, kind of high. And then we're building a bench a seat that allows your lower, your lower legs, your tibia to hang without the feet touching the ground. Oh, okay. And that way you can do your leg curl and not have your ankle and hit the ground. Right. But I, I didn't even thought of doing the other way. That's quite a try to do that. Because that's the only thing I'm going to have a trouble training is my hamstrings at home. Yeah. And what the, as you would get into the same, the calves, you know, we just do standing calf raises with body weight. If you want to add weight, you know, you can always, you know, use cables or hold a dumbbell or something like that. It's awkward because it's not as convenient as a leg press machine. Tell you, put that cuff around your both calves. You can do it or you can do one at a time. I, both calves are good because it kind of just barely fits in there and it holds pressure against them and you can do standing calf raises. You know, if you do one leg at calf raises, you double the weight. Right. No, yeah. It's very hard to balance. Hey, this was a great interview. I people got to love this and you know, we only covered the one book that you wrote the physics of resistance exercise. I want to go over one of the old books that had written about four years ago, a million dollar muscle because it was dealt with exercise myths. And I really want to go over that. So I want to get it back here if you'd agree to come back. I think I'll, I'd be having to go. This is awesome. I know, I got to try to catch up to Rick Dresden, our good friend. He rested piece because you were on there. I think 30 times on his podcast. Right. Right. I'm hoping I'm hoping that I can take it over. Yeah. I'd like to continue Rick's corn. Oh, that would be great. Yeah. You know, I'd like to, you know, you need to get permission from his kids and we don't know what that's going to entail. But I, I think I can do Rick's corner. I can have short. How kinds of guests come on. Yeah. You know, good. The golden guys. I want to get back. I want to talk more about the training because we don't really go over training as much. I think as as people likes. This is going to be a great interview. People want to get in touch of you. They can go to DougBriganoli.com. More training 365.com is your personal training course. And then you got healthy learning.com as well. Doug, thank you for joining us today. And I'm going to have you back even next week of the week after. Thanks Dave. Good talking to you. All right, guys. That's going to take you to the end of another episode of live with. I'm Dave Palombo with Doug Briganoli. See you next time.