You know, I thought a lot about this tip, because I ate a lot of food back in the day, but you know what? I'm almost of the belief that I don't necessarily know if the drugs and the food ruin their waistline as much as father-time did and genetics, because, you know, in order to get that big, okay, let's, I might use myself as an example, because I wasn't a pro. Let's use Ronnie Coleman as an example. Ronnie was eating an enormous amount of food and training with enormously heavy weights. And his waistline was great, his body looked great, okay. And what people don't realize is that he won his first Olympi, he was in his early 30s, he wasn't young. So by the time he got to the end of his reign, he was already in the 40s, you know, and when you get to that late 30s, 40s, things start that, you know, you lose the elasticity of the fascia around your abdominal area, whether you eat a lot of food or whether you train really heavy or not, okay. Look at Flex Wheeler, he still has a really tiny waist, he always ate a lot of food and trained heavy, he was big, you know, he, for his frame, he was huge, he was like 260 on stage. So to the end of his career, he, any term pro at 218. So, and his waistline didn't look work bad for him to me. So I think what happens is your genetic structure, is your genetic structure, and as you get older, it deteriorates and breaks down a little bit and you lose the elasticity of your skin, and the fascia, sheets that surround the muscles stretch out, and I don't necessarily think it's a drug issue, because I see when guys go off drugs, it kind of reverses. Like, you know, I had a lot of problems with distension, I'm excited, a very short torso in my midsection, and my waist is small now, and my stomach's flat, you know, so I reversed it somehow, and I don't have loose skin on my abdominal area. So I don't, I don't buy in today, I think it's just genetics at a certain level, you know, your body can only handle, you know, I wouldn't say, you know, my body, I don't have the tightness of the skin that I had when I was younger, and I don't have this, the kind of like that fresh looking muscle that you see, I'm like a Nick Walker, but age is what ravages us really, and some guys, age better than others, Dexter did a pretty good job aging, you know, although his midsection also wasn't what it was, Phil Heets wasn't, and I don't think Phil doesn't look at the kind of guy that was abusing a lot of performance enhancing drugs, he wasn't a super heavy trainer, he didn't, he wasn't an overeater, so you know, why would happen to his waist? He just got older, you know, and that's what happens, I think, and so, you know, I think people just, you know, they get carried away with the fact they want to blame something, oh yeah, he was a good champion, but he ruined himself. No, I think, you know, the guy won fucking seven Olympias, Ronnie won eight Olympias, you know, they obviously had a lot of times during that rain that they looked amazing, that's why people don't last forever, you know, body building is a very short live sport, you could only have that peak look to your body with a good quality muscle before you start tearing things and things start, you'll lose elasticity in your skin and things just go wrong, I mean, that's just what happens, especially when you walk around in 300 pounds, you know, all the time, it's a big strain on your body, so I think the question, the answer to the question is that, you know, I don't think that it's the drugs that's necessarily in the overeating and the food that did it as much as it is the person's genetics and old age.