Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X-Motor 30 year in a row and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry with a low carb clock tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods muscle in the morning. On day polo and today is Wednesday, August 12th, 2020. And let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the show. I know it's recap Wednesday but since there weren't any pro shows this last weekend, we don't have anything to recap. So I figured we give you guys the next best thing and talk about some of the huge news stories from last weekend or so starting with the New York crowd. In case you haven't heard the New York crowd be officially moving the entire operation down to Tampa, Florida. So they don't have to cancel this year's contest. Now for me, the most surprising thing about the story is that they had to move the show. It's that they managed to get this all together so quickly. There's show is still scheduled to take place on September 5th, which is only three weeks from now. And from what I understand, they're still planning to have athletes from eight different divisions competing there. The New York pro is and has been one of the premier events in bodybuilding. So I'm glad to see that we can pull together as a community to make this happen. Because it shows how resilient we can be when our backs are up against the wall. You need to go. We told you where there's smoke. There's fire about rumors surrounding Phil Heath competing in this year's Olympia. And I don't want to get up on my high horse here and say I told you so, but I did. I told you so. And now Phil has made an official last weekend. Phil took over bodybuilding social media when he announced that he was competing at this year's contest with a dramatic post about how he was coming back to settled unfinished business. We've talked more about this over the next few months, but as far as Phil's concern, that couldn't have been a better time to make this move with all the travel restriction in place. We could be looking at a lineup that's missing half of the guys who were in the top 10 last year, which is huge. Obviously, if Phil can be 95% of what he was a few years ago, this might be enough to bring home his eighth sandout. I read a report earlier this week that said Tesla just passed toyota as the most valuable car company in the world. Stop thinking about that for a minute. If you invested $1,000 in Tesla stock five years ago, your initial investment would be 498% better, which is absolutely insane. And do you know what else is insane? Wesley Vissers, because this guy's stock is through the roof right now. According to reports Wesley just started his Olympia prep on Monday when he was sitting somewhere in the neighborhood of £270, a bigger and more complete Wesley is something we haven't seen on a classic Vixie stage today. So if he shows up as good as advertised, he'll be selling we can count on fighting for a top 10 slot. Sometimes I think sports and music live in a parallel universe because they both exist in a space that needs everything to work in harmony to make the finished product come out just right. Let's take Connie Slisiot, aka Connie Orange for example. Since she teamed up with a old friend Louise Rogers, Connie's been one of the most consistent hitmakers in the fitness industry. Not only has she become one of the top amateur figure athletes on the international scene, but she's also become one of the top influencers too. You can't do that without having all your instruments playing the right notes at the exact same time. And if she keeps going at this rate, it won't be long before she starts taking over the top of the pro league charts and cementing herself as one of the top talents in the sport. And that does it the yet another edition of muscle in the morning on the Palombo reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.