Daypalumbo here with an RX muscle news update. The Texas Pro will be taking place tomorrow and it's an exciting day for fans of Steve Kuplow because we're going to see Steve Kuplow for the first time in his home state there trying to qualify for the Mr. Olympia contest. It's not going to be an easy task for him because he has some competition coming in the way of the E in Valier who is our Tampa Pro champ from two weeks ago. So he'll be coming in there to try to basically stop Steve Kuplow from qualifying for the Olympia because that's where it's going to amount to if Steve doesn't win this show. Valier R. is obviously he's got the qualification ready but he's going in there to say, hey look you know what? I'm the best body building that I can be and I'm going to show up in a couple shows. I'm going to come to Texas. I'm going to come to the Arnold and I'm coming to win only shows and I think it's a good move on his part but it's going to make for a great battle. Of course the Tampa Pro second place finish a field. Clawar will be there as well. That'll be a rematch of sorts between him and Ian. I think if Ian comes in better than he was in Tampa, I think it's going to be very hard to fill the beat him but Phil brings a lot of out to the stage because he's got tremendous conditioning. He's got some really good body parts as back though the bicep is probably one of the best poses maybe of anyone in that whole lineup. So he's going to present a lot of problems for both Cuclowe and Ian Valieri and that's I'm glad that he's going to be there. Who knows at the end of the day he could be the guy who walks away with the win. Now of course we have a McCombin L.A.M. who's done pretty much every show this year. He's got I think the most points of anyone right now in the point standing and he's going to not the most. He's second most but he's going to definitely be going to the limpia. It looks like assuming he does well here. He places top five I think that's almost the lock for him. Of course our good friend Hassan Al-Nassoff also with I believe the same amount of points also he's right up there as well. These guys not only of course they're going for the win but obviously a top placing is going to give them points and it's going to make them at least push them into that absolutely will qualify zone because I don't think anyone else is even close to them according to the point standing. That's a good thing to consider also during heywood in this line up as well. He's placed top five almost every time we've seen him this season. He's also looks like he's going to be a lock or at least a close lock for the points qualification for the limpia if he places in the top five here. So good competition once again I wouldn't even make a prediction on this one. I love Steve Cucleau. I love the involieries physique. Phil Cucleau has got a lot of wow. I love his conditioning. It's going to be a tough show. If Hassan Al-Nassoff comes in and brings the conditioning level that we've been waiting for, he could win this show. He's got all the tools. He's got plenty of mass. He's got good structure and shape. We just haven't seen him bring the conditioning level that we need to have that you know that I guess you could say show winning physique. So Texas should be really great this weekend. We also have another show out in Spain that we'll cover after the shows are well due a wrap of that. That's going to be taking place and I believe this two qualifications spots up for grabs at that show. Anyway, fun weekend. A lot to digest for bodybuilding fans and good luck to all the competitors. I'm Dave Palermo now with an RX muscle news update.