I'm Dave Polumbau, founder of Species Nutrition. I created Species Nutrition with one mission in mind to provide body builders and serious athletes with no nonsense supplements that work and are backed by science. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body and that lives on in the Species Nutrition line of products. To use only top of the line formulations, does for maximum results and the best flavoring systems available. I've put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition products. If you want to be your absolute best, join the evolution. Welcome back to Live with Brought to You by Species Nutrition. I'm Dave Polumbau and today's guest is a very special one. He was the 1997 NPC National Champion. He was a really good IFVV pro and he's been missing an action a little bit and we found him and we're bringing him back today. I got to tell you the first time I saw this guy was at the 1995 NPC Nationals. I looked up on stage. Don Long was the shoe into win and all of a sudden I know where we see this guy up on stage and we're like who's that and the guy I'm talking about. The guy who was up in that stage is Tom Prince and he's here today. Welcome Tom. You left the bodybuilding world at some point. We're going to get to that whole story and you just disappeared. You didn't want you just completely dissociated yourself with that. You were on top of the game. You were like a guy we saw all the time. You were in Gold's Venice. You lived the bodybuilding lifestyles we like to say. How difficult was it for you to just detach and leave? I did good question. Not very much at all. To let me say it this way. Not the time. Not only did I have kidney issues but I also have lingering other physical issues. I've got zero cartilage in my left shoulder. Welcome to the club. Welcome to the club. I got two shoulder replacement. Right in the club. I've got 50% range of motion and my left shoulder. I've got to throw some both knees. My back sucks for it. I had at that point probably completely burned out my body. Gotcha. Physically it just wasn't there anymore. It couldn't be. Even in the last year I competed last year, last year, two years. I'm really trained. 2002, 2003. I'd already had a change of my workouts to going mostly like higher reps. Right. I hated it. I'll be honest. I hated it. I don't know how it keeps in the gym. You're still training. Maybe it doesn't matter if you didn't resolve it. But doing shoulder presses for, you know, and you got set up as a performing interview. You know what I was doing? Like, 225 for 27, 28 reps. You came like a thing. Like how many reps did you do this for? Right. It was just was born. Yeah. Like it always somebody building, between the way things hurt and the training. Bodybuilding is no longer what I knew bodybuilding to be. Right. So this was the reason I was in the sport I loved. Sure. At that point, you know, you hear football players talk about that. You know, or basketball players, you have these injuries and, you know, like all of a sudden, like it takes to the point away. Well, I told people that I said, when I realized in a hit of point in my career that I felt that couldn't be better than the year before, that's when I stopped because I didn't want to see people to see watching me go backwards and progress, you know. And mentally, how do you do that? Mentally, how do you go into a no-one? Yeah. So, like, you know, like, do about 80% of what I think I need. Like, is that 80% going to be enough? Can I still do it? I mean, mental, that's that messes with your head. Oh, of course. I was faking my way through the last couple of years of competition. I couldn't shoulder press. I couldn't do any. You did 225 at least. I couldn't do anything. I was doing the side lateral machine and maintaining muscle mass, you know, doing it that way. So it is. I can understand your frustration for sure. But you, you dissociate yourself. I would, I would have thought initially, I would have seen you maybe as a coach because you were one of these guys that were very, you know, knowledgeable. You had a good educational background. You understood the science of nutrition and something that you had no desire to continue in that capacity. You know, and I, and I did for a couple of years. But I only really did it. So let's say 2004 I helped, uh, will Harris. Yeah. At the USA. And he and everyone is classes turned him from. And that's still my favorite all time. Person I helped moment. Right. Because I helped a guy who had never been in top five in the national show. Yeah. He was trying to finish it around. Yeah. In that's to him. To his credit. I'm not trying to take credit for that. But, you know, so 2005, 2006, I probably have to go 20 people a year each of those two years. But even that was while. The business my life when I started got going. Right. You know, initially, you know, my wife and I started a property manager company. Um, so we manage a part of buildings for owners that own a farm building. Right. Most of the owners, you know, they want to their absentee owners. Exhum the mail. They don't want to, you know, they don't want to be snitch and toilet and peating a farm. Yeah. You know. Um, so not though I'm doing that either. Yeah. You were sponsored by making sure the rent is collected and all that stuff. To all that stuff. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I mean, peating building the exteriors. Anything. If you can do it at an apartment building, we do it. That's a good service. Yeah. It's a good service. Right. You know, but yeah, and it's not glamorous in any way. You know, um, financial. It's a lot more lucrative than bond. I was going to say it's nice to be able to pay your bills though, right? And I have to worry about it if the supplement companies get a sign you check every month. You know, right. Absolutely. But so, well, what, but the first three months of our property manager of business. We'd even make a dime in the first month you made money. I love this one of my favorite stores. First month we made money. We made three hundred and thirty three bucks. Woohoo. Yeah. But you know, now I think you're going to start. Now I can be perhaps off the trend. But you guys were smart. But you guys started it while you was still making money and body building. So it wasn't like you needed the money. So, but then when you actually didn't need the money, you actually would, would do it well. So that's, it worked out right for you. Yeah, we started, yeah, we started the company in the middle of our, April of 2003. So it was, I started my contract. 2003, 2004, we were, that was far. That was far. We're making, we're still doing well overall. Yeah. Money wise. And then I had, and I kept two people's diets for 2005, 2006. Just to make sure that we, that are income was solved. Yeah, you was smart. You got to have a little strength in the income. I always tell people that. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Let's go, let's say, let's go back. Let's go back in time though first. Let's go back in time though first. Let's go back to this. Back to 1995. Don Long had placed third at the, You know, second at the nationals in 1994 behind the Mayo. He was the guy who was going to win it. I was third. I was tired. I was tired of second. Yeah, tired of second. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. I remember, yeah. Right. And remember. Right. Right. Right. Right. Me. And remember, I remember. And remember this as, Iamba. Was that, he said, I remember the first call out you were not in the first call out you were not in the first call out you were not in the first call out. You were actually thinking like all the way in the end. No one was even looking at you. now you have thrust into the limelight was that was that an exhilarating experience for you? Okay that. Yes. That was that was even to this day. When he nationals almost went in the night at champions competing at the Olympia the Mike all-time favorite show that I did and how I felt afterwards was in 95 nationals because that was like being on a meteor went literally riding it and meteor was yeah so I I'd only done two show was ever crazy. So this is the third shot I've ever done. No one knew who you are. I don't think the judges knew who you are. No one's not nobody nobody nobody except down long. Yeah. No no no no no no this is a true that year 1995 down guest post in West Palm Beach at a show in June. I went back stage because I was helping the front of mine that was in the show. Yeah. And I said say hello you know and he came over to me. He said Jesus man is like like wow you like you look really good. What show you did 24 and I said the national said he goes this isn't this national. We got now at the time I was like two 85 oh you were that big I know you've been digging that exactly five eight okay so you know he's like really I guess we'll see you there okay now that's part of the story okay so we'll hold that for later so go to the 90 foot so we go to go to lands right I'm sitting the front wrong little at way it's by myself. Everybody's about to start back as you can get yeah as you can get in the way you know and Don comes in walks all over into the front pops down next to me he's like hey Tom how you doing now I'm a stun year number me right but so we waited next to each other shir cans everybody will buy the way the whole room stopped from Don went away in oh sure like he said not only was he the favorite his face was on the cover of the of the of the program right he had a vibrant he had a vibrant ad that was in there was in that program that's right where I was in the state of caffeine like Jesus Christ mentioned going up a competing against the guy and to advertise an imminent you know he's easing ads and I totally crap you know so anyway so go to the first call up first call outcomes the call up four guys and I'm the last guy they call up oh by the way number 79 I was number 79 I'm gonna walk it out and I'm on the right end yeah and sure now so once they're the top through top where we go through up our poses they put three guys back they put back Don and during me off to the side they roll sitting down. Kevin the roll comes back he's rubbing down shoulders and you're sitting on the floor next to me and you're and you're flexor keeps going God man I got this shit I got yeah I had to go he's done yeah I had to go he said he was better than everyone yeah right and I'm like and I'm like I didn't say anything okay but I knew John Don was down with just shaking his head I just kept my head still I didn't know this guy Kevin the wrong on the other hand was like smile on you know like so this is this is great so when I let it go at that so we go back out there we're gonna have one more line up we're gonna have one more call out and I I I I was like I don't look to that just face I couldn't see if it was but I knew it was gonna be me and John if you're had this like big like jelly roll hanging off his normal yeah he was always that shape of a little bit no way he's gonna be like I just couldn't even though I was nobody there's no way I could have this guy could be me yeah not net conditioning it's sure it's in they called out me and Don and that what in a flash it was like a light bulb going off when they called out just me and Don yeah there's a boom also in that in that moment you realize oh he shit I might be a problem yeah and I'm just going to the show just to see you like hey man you either got it already done don't find out if you don't you'll get your ass kicked hat and had it flowed under the back of retirement but the been okay Tom how did you flowed under the radar for for those years because I mean you put a lot I mean you were big you weren't what you showed up and you were ready to be a pro ready I mean really I mean you just didn't had have any stage experience at that point which was that was that was the only amateur aspect of you you know you know I love you know I love first one of the Minnesota until it saw a Minnesota nobody knows you yeah until I was twenty four right in four to twenty five and then we moved to Florida when I moved to Florida people started it gets an only that was when I did like when I did the most of Florida there yeah in 1994 I met Jim Manion as a matter of fact top Jim I even called Jim Manion after the show because he made a combat to like the head judge about me and I just wanted to hear what he thought yeah okay I didn't even know that wasn't like maybe you don't call Jim Manion you didn't even know he was really right yeah well I mean I did but I didn't you know I like so what do you mean a combat like well that kids like you've got a really good lucky is a definitely a national a lot of them you should be a national right just wanted to hear from him to be honest I could have one tried believe it right not like I doubted myself but just you know that was a hell of a compliment from the top guy sure also I I call him and spent about like two minutes out of all the money is great and you know like end of like end of story but like a seven you're right nobody knew me what we do you doing for like work I know you were a student you were like a perpetual student like I was at at some point but what we what you actually doing was going to grad school and uh minutes of Jim okay what Jim will you managing you know it's not there anymore it was a world Jim and in boy and beach floor a boy and beach okay alright I remember that yeah yeah what do you live now by the way I'm gonna keep tomorrow I'm on the west coast oh here in the right guy okay yeah I'm gonna ride everyone wants it in Florida I guess when you get all the uh I'm a whiter but I I loved I love I love it I wish I would have moved down here earlier I now that I'm here man what I couldn't when you lived in New York yeah like I know like even though I happened to love New York yeah but I love New York between like May and September yeah exactly you know like it's too the best great thing about Florida was you'd walk in from the parking lot and you'd already be sweating and warm up yeah you know you take you like three minutes to warm up and you're ready to go I love it I love it I'm gonna have to be in a check-in 20 minutes I know you're a shatter than the part with the heap of last thing I went out the Venice you know we used to go out there all the time out of sick you had to go there because that was where the the epicenter body building was and I really wanted to move there I I thought very hard and long about moving out there at Conner's was trying to get me to move out there and then I said you know what I can't I don't think these people my father would use the expression of fake people called him paper mishay they're like paper mishay people right here I couldn't wrap my hands around the people out there and I thought that I I was like a New York authentic New York guy and I just I like the idea of New York not because of the weather but because I felt like it was more motivating it's I felt like no one worked out in California you know and I was afraid I'd get lazy out there and that's why I didn't move to the honest with you I mean you definitely have to be you know your own in and of yourself the wrong separate entity you do like I you know like you're not you're not going to you're not going to be able to rely on all the other guys in the gym that are so motivated right but all this energy you know I mean like some of the average people in there I don't like I don't want to name names but some of the average people have more energy in drive than some of the people that maybe should have been a little more into it did you did you find when you moved out to California that that it was you think it was good for you or do you think it would have been better if you had not moved out there I mean at the time you got to remember this is pre-inner that yeah okay or basically you know I'm the internet was not a bit thing but I'm I moved out here and at the end of May in 1998 it was just these are the big money out here got you you know it's easier to go do magazine shoots you know I give you it like we were talking about the 2001 that a champion is a little bit earlier yeah you know I did do I did three photoshoot before the show I ended up doing five photos shoots after the show well like that's expected that's it if you're a magazine and you got to fly people in from places to do eight photos shoots you know you use them yeah for and after it's a lot of my I mean it is just easier if they can call pick up the phone and call somebody that's sure I've been down the road the ten minutes down the road when I lived literally ten minutes from events scroll did did you love that body building lifestyle in Venice you know wake up early in the morning you go to the gym you know you go out to the firehouse you eat that did you like love that whole that whole scenario yes yeah I loved I mean you know the like the like the at the firehouse like you know you know when you talk about all these things like you know the jam and I think of the people of course yeah you know the people of Venice goes down the front of the foot was hundreds and hundreds of them we talked about the firehouse the firehouse is awesome you know I think of the owner and he's like a like a homata yeah you know it's a little Japanese lady you know the firehouse she's cool it could be you know like you were a fixture every time I went out there I know we see a firehouse walking on the street I mean I max muscle I mean I knew all the hangouts you guys hang out you and Bob you know Max muscle is fun yeah yep but it was like just to give you an example like it's a firehouse Bob Chigaroa got he's got a dish named after some but you guys might be selling more money than anyone else in the history of the fire there's literally we ate their twice the day six days a week you know so I'll do you try to put me up there too maybe try to you if I had you be just trying because he lived right across the street yeah yeah you live in the firehouse in there clotting over the calm building yes right there's over the powerhouse there right yeah exactly used to be there but you know Bob's got his dish named after himself you know like you wanted the name of dish after me and I asked for not to I said I don't he's done but I don't want to see my name on the menu and I can't come in here but it's Bob's personality better you know yeah Bob definitely is he's worthy of a food dish for sure now now let me you you remind me before the show and it's funny I didn't even remember it's the for I the first time we actually met was at a guest posing that you Jay Cutler and Lee Priest were doing at the I think it was the one of the John Kampers shows out there in Jersey I think I was out there watching I think John John Kamper up at today wanting to come out here and jump on stage these guys you're gonna be competing with them with the nation's in 96 and it was it was a lot of fun I didn't remember until you sparked my memory but it was Lee Priest it was you Jay and me right right that was the hey day when you could get guest poses it was like you know and brim it people don't remember there was no social media there was no people didn't have access to what you look like or I looked like or leave looked like you had to go to the show as to watch the guest posing and then interact with the people after with get pictures and photographs and buy 8 by 10 pictures did you enjoy the whole circuit you know the guest posing circuit and something that in the very beginning in the beginning I did when I was a name officer and maybe the first couple years I was a pro you know what I liked being at the shows yeah like physically being there and physically hanging out with old people that had met and got to know and even if I didn't know anybody you know some of the just those things I had were you know I remember guest those are not full of Tennessee and having that be like I had a blast I didn't know one person yeah what I got before I got there you know but it was just fun the what ended up sort of happening over time I hated the travel part of it and the fly around yeah I averaged um 20 to 2 weekends a year going somewhere that's crazy yeah and you're not you know December January February you're not doing anything right so it's 20 weekends in nine months yeah it's about every other weekend for the nine months it was good money like that you can make good money although you were probably on the contract with leaders so you probably had a lot of required appearances you had to make too we had to just I did a six a year yeah that's a good six required but it mean even still like like if you're making an appearance at the Olympia looking at a booth that counts as an appearance even if you're not guest posing but it was just an actual physical travel I hated it I wanted to be home what was your what was your best year you made money wise would you say no I can tell you exactly what it was little over 140 grand wow yeah so uh that was 2001 so I which we 99 I kept track of all this stuff because I had somebody sort of tell me this and I thought it helped me a lot Chris Kromer was the first guy that ever talked to me about money and how pros me money and all that and his contract leader and some between between 98 and 2004 I average 130 grand a year that's awesome and I mean that's not that's not huge and that was good that was good money back then it's good and you know as you if you can't if you add my wife making 50 grand with it now it's 180 grand now it's a pretty good overall income right you know what yeah we were gonna be loaded but we were doing well that was so many of money to be able to live and save how do you guys make it up money to live not enough money to save and meaning the money to put some away for a business one day yeah that was smart because a lot of guys don't save a dime I mean flex wheel is said you even admitted you didn't save anything used to buy you know stereo's for his car that was 35 grand and you know they didn't realize that but you know eventually the party's over you know and then you know you got to you got your left with what you left with you know you know I don't think any of these guys would mind me saying this so I don't think I'm definitely not this isn't an knock on them in any way but between flex and Chris Kermir Paul Delet none of them saved it yeah you know they live like this is gonna continue forever right and it's just even though they're working good money and all of them in more than I did yeah you know at the end you know like you said they had nothing left let me ask you a question Tom because after that that 95 uh nationals we replaced second you were really on top of the world you were doing photoshoot I mean your face was all over the place did the pressure get you a little bit because I know that you had problems peeking out at the next couple shows that you did I remember one title to speak you in uh 97 USA I mean that you could have won that show if you wanted to you know you look good there but I felt like you just hadn't you like some of some reason you couldn't duplicate that 95 conditioning what talked to us about you know what was going on psychologically at that point with all that pressure yet on you so the 97 USA I tried to do a couple things a little bit different but again one of them was you know I was always a little bit um um hyper motivated you know hyper strict with thing always right and I was a kind of person that didn't let anybody in the hotel room didn't let you know I when I was dieting you know almost didn't talk for 16 weeks barely spoke right you know I was still focused on what I was doing that and and I was always a little bit envious of other guys that could get away with them might not be in quite that I don't even quite that discipline I don't mind the discipline but guys you could just relax a little bit more they were not as neurotic about what they were doing right exactly you know and a criss-premiera again great example yeah he could be a little more relaxed I don't like I don't know if I need to be that relaxed riding a tube no nothing no stress ever the guy has right right yeah I like that which is wasn't me you know and so that year at the USA you know a couple people want to come over a little child room hang out so let people in you know I didn't mean you're looking me that morning the morning of the night show we're the morning of pre-judging and I'll be honest like I being relaxed does not work for me yeah absolutely does not work for me there's a couple of things I probably missed or is a little bit laid on or because you know the morning after the after you know the day after the show you always look so good yeah that was dressed as drawing you wake up you feel great or feel better you know no stress amazing how much better the body looked to no stress you know so didn't that did not happen so what what went wrong tell me I mean what would you let's put me in I see what what what was the main thing that that that happened it just screwed things up I was got a person wrote down what time every meal was yeah more down every if there was a pill no matter what it was had that written down I didn't do it that year or that not that year but just at the show you were weighing in it in other words oh it was like an hour late with food like that's what you know not hungry you know you know stop you know stop it can pills all at the same time you know stop normally I instead of like we're a little still what was distracting you that there had to be some some some some kind of event or something that was going on that was just keeping you from being so focused I mean here you are trying to get your pro card you were the number one guy was the pressure getting to you or was there something else like if the pressure got to me got to me before the show you know we were we're going out on the weekends every Saturday night but I never never missed a workout never missed a cardio session well on Saturday nights we've dropped some clubs you know between midnight and five in the morning so you're part one some days yeah we're part you know well that too at that point and just for that year right you're in the 96 Nationals in the 97 USA you know I did it too much and you know someone chat came into the picture after that that was like the first conversation he and I had yeah was hey I heard you're a little bit of a party or is that true and I said no you know or is that true yeah it's true what we see you were done you were in denial so you you had a Sadie self hey do I how bad do I want does I got a clean up my act a little bit here right exactly and chaps like hey you know it's not a problem you that you want to be a partner but it's going to work with me you can't be a partner right so he he basically I'm just waiting on the line like listen like I'm not going to waste my time just turn around yeah you know what