I'm Dave Palombo, founder of Species Nutrition. I created Species Nutrition with one mission in mind. To provide bodybuilders and serious athletes with no nonsense supplements that work and are backed by science. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body and that lives on in the Species Nutrition line of products. We use only top-of-the-line formulations, toast for maximum results and the best flavoring systems available. I've put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition products. If you want to be your absolute best, join the evolution. Old school bodybuilding clothing company. If you wish your fancy fitness center was a hardcore gym, you are old school. If you just ate chicken and rice and are about to eat chicken and rice, you are old school. OSBBC.com for the hardest training athletes. So what we were talking about before we went on air this is how we're going to wrap this show up. We have some funny stories. Some of the funny is material that we have before we actually go on air. And there are times that they will jump in. I was going to say it for the show, so we wanted to bring that to show. So Tom, we're going to go to you first on this one because you had a hilarious story with you and Milo. Pretty much right before we were about to go on your like Milo. Remember the last time that I saw you this and this happened, you got to tell the story. And then Milo, we're going to go to you next door. Okay, so this is actually the first time I met Milo's in person. So the first show I ever worked at, worked at Boothet was the 96th Olympia. It was in Chicago and we went out, so I had to counter the metrics at the time. So did Milo's. Dave, did this right before you had one with metrics? Yeah, it was before. I was going to let the year before. I think so. Yeah. I was very jealous that you had that contract by the way, and that I didn't because I really wanted to work for metrics. But so we went to lunch at the Olympia. It was me and Milo's in Jim Quinn in punishment and Debbie Croft, who was a fitness competitor. So we're out, eat lunch and Milo's is telling a story about how he was on a train. Now he and Suncht met. We're on a train going through Europe someplace. And so when they get to the border and whatever country, you know, now there's the hope that there's open borders. But at the time there wasn't. So, you know, he gets, they get stopped at the border. The guys are coming around and checking past boards and checking people's luggage and all that. And so the guy comes up to Milo's and he goes without, without basically without saying the else. Again, this is the way I remember at Milo's. He comes up to Milo's and goes, so where's your testosterone? Because of course Milo's was, you know, whatever, 265, 277, the punishment was about the same. Maybe a little bit bigger. You know, where's your testosterone? And without miscelling a beat, Milo's goes, it's in my balls. Where do you think it is? Exactly. Now I told you guys, I told that story a hundred times. I love that story. Like, I'm giving you something for that to your mind story. Yeah. Well, you know, I just finished it up there. I said, in my balls, where else do you want to see it? Yeah. I mean, shit, but you know, when somebody asked me this kind of, that's my first response of course. Yeah. But yeah. Yeah. We talked about it a lot of times, many things. But like, couple of weeks ago, I was with Chris Kermier. And then he told me, Milo's, I was always wondering, what were you taking that 1997 European tour? You know, because me and NASA were watching you and you were sweating too fucously. There's like November. It was like snow outside and, you know, we only had to take it here in the T-shirt. Okay. Do they have a tattoo this story? They've? No, I don't think so. Okay. So, 1997, and you remember how 97 was? I think that the NASA deserved to beat the European in Olympia. Yeah. And then there was a super tie-up lineup. I mean, Leapree's, it's probably there. And then there was Chris Kermier was eight. Ronnie was nine to I was standing at Olympia. Then we go to Hungary and in Hungary, actually, I beat Chris Kermier first show and been staleer. And then we go to Spain and next day, and then we go to England and Chris Kermier beat NASA. I mean, this is now NASA, a good bit, Dorian and then Ben Olympia. Now Chris is beating in it because everything was so so close. So, carry case, Dorian's business partner at the time, so okay, Neal's. The only way you can get little edges, you know, just try to get, you know, a little bit even even more linear. You know, you're in great condition, but you know, try to, I said, what can I do? I mean, it's like three days until the next show. So, said, did you ever try that DNP? I didn't really. I didn't really. And at the time, I didn't know much about it, so it's just like, okay, you know, like, should, uh, if something that he believes can make considerable difference in three days. Okay, you know, mine is rough. So anyway, I, I, I, I, I, I. This very little that mealus wouldn't try that. Yeah. I see there was very little that you wouldn't try that then in the day. It's not a big deal. You're not going to make it. Could you not, could you not just cover yourself and gas a lane? Wait, something fire to you? That would have done everything. Probably, probably a tripled into it because, uh, you know, I started taking it and, uh, oh my god, you know, it's just like, cuteness. I was like, burning up and all this shit to serve, but people traveling, you know, saying how, how, Bobby, let's be all this, like, check our skin on, uh, on, uh, on, uh, abs, like, oh shit, I'm tight. I'm good. Like, but I was like, burning up in the, uh, like, like, just a mere and then, uh, not still looking at me, uh, I'm sweating, but I mean, I was just like, pouring out. Okay, I'm not telling you nothing. So now, uh, day of the show, and then we get to the hotel and hotel it really, you know, check a public, had that little mirror up there. So you can't really see your body. You know, it's like, okay, you know, you can save, but, you know, so when you look down, right, your abs and my legs are a little too pleased. This is the curse shit I'm gonna fuck them up, right? So we go, we go backstage and, uh, you know, so I think the clothes up and I look in the mirror, I'm, you know, I'm a rip, but I look kind of skinny, but this is probably that the mirror that makes you look narrow. You know, they have this in some theaters and all this, so I'm like, okay, but then master passed right by me and fucking master looks the normal. And then I look at Naxa, look at me, they're like, he shit. And then, you know, I call my friend, I was traveling with me and he came in and he just pays drop. Like, where did he come from? I mean, I lost, you know, he looked at me like a 20 pounds. Oh, my God. Holy. And I felt the worst in my life. So I'm very vocal about it. Anybody there's in the infus and get off of it is the unhealthy thing you can possibly do. Yeah. As you know, it's, uh, it's a, uh, a right poisoning and a lot of people want to take those short cuts and I was guilty of it, okay, and I pay the price for it. But this is that one of the things that he saw was going to, to find out, so I told him. But, uh, you know, just to make it a little bit more interesting, I did have a lot of guys coming to my gym and wanting to take a German we'll say just straight like this. Milo's, I'm a living proof that no amount of unobotic spirits can kill the man. I said, okay, whether what do you mean? He didn't stop for years and he was using two-pit amount. I mean, I said, what is this stupid amount? Over 100 cc, uh, shit to week. Like, he would just, whatever he will have, you know, 100 cc, okay? Oh my God. A guy is still alive and I, you know, so, of course, I don't want people to get this in a wrong way. Abuse can be a serious issue. So I'm far away from advising anything like that. But at the same time, they've, or Tom, I'm sure that you guys know dozens, if not hundreds of athletes that you'd be super scared about they have according to the cycles what they were doing when they were competing. And, you know, most of them are still around, you know? Yeah, most of most of them are around. Yes. I mean, every time it happens that, okay, somebody died and everybody's going to point you, oh, this is, I mean, in every other sports for many, many other reasons, younger people do die. Yeah, he could be some, uh, consequences from, uh, using. But I, again, emphasize, you use it wisely. You can enhance your health. And, and the standard Tom, you have no reason to use it now. But you did say that you put the egg and the, the sauce that on an table and nothing happened. But I put you there. I, I hope you age that egg if you didn't throw away the sauce. I'm not going to waste a good egg. You know, I don't, I think it's all, it's all really about knowing when to stop and when to start. I mean, this is a terrible analogy, but I'm going to, but I'll use it just because I know you both know maybe Craig Titus probably was one of the biggest abusers of animal exteriors. I mean, back in the 90s. No one would take more than a certain amount. It was like almost like unwritten law. This, you've never did more than to test this, this much testosterone. You've never did more than this much parable. You never did this. You never took more than four, I used a J. There was like, there was like rules that people just sucked it. Craig didn't play it by those, but he was like, almost like, like, he's like the guy's today. He would take ridiculous amounts of stuff. But he went to jail that one time. You know, He was a forced, you know, whatever it was, a year and a half, two year break, whatever it was in the jail. And now he's in jail for life, but so he'll probably live to 90, you know what I mean? Because he never really had enough time to permanently damage his organs. So my point is that you could play hard for a limited amount of time as long as you know, when to say when and stop and allow your body to heal. So the body has an amazing capacity to heal. You know, you could have a high creatinine level for six months and then back off what you're doing. And then your kidneys will regenerate. But if you do that, if you have a high creatinine level for 10 years, you're probably not going to recover your kidney function. You know, after that, same thing with liver. The liver will regenerate. But if you never give it a chance to regenerate, because you never come off or you never, you know, back off a little bit, then you're probably going to have permanent problems later in life, same thing with heart. The heart is a muscle. It does get bigger. You know, I had an enlarged love ventral from for many years, you know. And now I go for, you know, CT scans because of my Aorta. And they're like, you don't have any left ventricular high perturbing anymore. I'm like, imagine that. I had an athletic heart, you know. So as I stop training as much and I got smaller, the heart shrinks inside. So you have to know when to say, okay, you know what? I pushed my body, let's back off now because you know what? I'm 45 years old. I'm going to start getting older and I'm not going to my body. It's not going to have that capacity to heal anymore. So it's all about balance. You know, you have to know when to push play hard, you know. And I played hard when I played. And then when I realized, okay, I'm done. I got it back away now and I got to think about health because I do want to live a long time. And so some people don't care if they live a long time. But they say if they can't be a top-level body building, they would rather not be around. And we know, I don't know if the name names. We know names like that. They're not hearing more. So, you know, we've talked about this for me, let's see you and I. There are no 400 pound, you know, 80 year old guys, you know. They don't live that long. They die in their 50s and 60s the most, you know. So you have to decide, what do you want from your life? You want to live a long life? Then you better figure out a strategy to get you there. Just like you figured out a strategy of how to be a big body builder and get on to the Olympia stage. And I think that a lot of people don't have an exit plan. They only have an entrance plan. Well, that's so funny. I used to tell people that when I was in my body, when I was partying. And I was in my 20s that, you know, what? I'm going to, I'm not going to live that 30. So what difference does it make? Yeah. And the way with anything. Now, the only problem with that, of course, is that if you say that, then you need to die in 30. Yeah. Okay. The problem is, well, that when you if you live the 45 or 50, then you're not looking at and say, oh, shit, what do I need to do to survive the 50? Right. But what do I need? You need to reassess the whole program. So that you do live that long. And then you need to start looking at your home. But, David, do you want some correct title stories? Yeah, let me hear him. Oh, I'm going to throw this down. No, no, no. Yeah, I can't say it. Right. I prepared him back to the 2002. I believe you. Hey, tell me you hated him. Tell me you hated him. Hey, did he listen to me? Hey, you? There's no way he listen to you. Yeah. So this is how this, he was using like no vein in normally, right? Yeah. And I thought he meant, man, you have to get off of it. And I said, I don't have to climb his climb. And then he's in my gym. And I see in the middle of the work like he walks into the bathroom and I go right up to him and I find him. Right? So many times. You know, then, but he always wanted to say, what is next stage? Next stage. You know, so he was competing. I was preparing not an Anthony also for that show, San Francisco. And there were backstage, you know, I couldn't go because I was in Japan at the time. And the track is coming in. It's 20 minutes to stage. You know, I don't look as good as I want to. I got what he said, I can do. So well, I know that you always have that injectable basics. But if you do the intermasticity, it's not going to work. You have to go through the bathroom and do IV, it does go slowly. And because it works instantly, right? Yeah. So apparently 20 minutes before, he didn't look at it. I think he could beat Malvin. And then, it says, as he was doing it, then he just opened the water coming out and he managed to beat him. So it's a crack tide. It's a crack tide. It's really like in the last minute of the Justin. But you know, promoter from San Marino, Gianrique Capica, for example, it those 2002 as Tom mentioned, I'm going to track Titus' room. And we had a protocol that he supposed to take. He didn't supposed to be on a new banner. Of course, and he didn't supposed to beat the junk. I'm coming in. And he's pushing out the table full of. He can imagine fries, ketchup, burgers, shit, all kinds of stuff. That he didn't supposed to beat. And then, of course, the coming is sorry, bro. And then, he didn't even say hello to the Jericho Piccale. And this is the guy he meets for the first time. And here's a tiny little knife in shit. And then, here comes Kelly and Ron Ron, and he takes from her new bane. Yeah. He takes the girl and stuff, injecting ivy. Right? And he's just, you know, don't you have a technique? My shit that I did. And then, oh, what's the name, bro? Oh, no, no, no, no. I'm like eating. Yeah, that's typical in a crack. And I love that I mean, he was a personable. He was super funny. But as you know, he had his demons and, you know, as he did mention him, I just wanted to say those stories. Don't, don't you say he hated working with him? Don't you tell me that, that's correct. Yeah. And then, you know, the way drawing important was, I don't know what somebody would pay you and then never listen to you. Yeah. But I'm imagining these conversations between doing, and you know, doing is not a big talk. I'm imagining these conversations back and forth. Well, Craig's asking, what should they do? Yeah. And then, Craig starts arguing about what he wants to do. Right. That would be Craig all day long. Yeah. Let me go, sorry. I got one more. Real quick. Okay. This is going to be about corn here, though, okay? Right. The Manchester show, the week after the Olympian, 2001. Okay. The guy comes from one of Kerry Cays' assistants. So, Kerry Cays was a promoted show, also Doron and his partner. Right. And the Manchester England, the guy picks me up at the airport, drives me to the hotel, he grabs my luggage. I'm all eight things. You know, so we're going up to the room. As we're going to my hotel room, walk another hallway, and there's three pizza boxes, we need any games to go on. We pizza hot, pizza boxes. We need any games to go over the hotel room. And I go, look at the guy and I go, hey, hang on one second. And I go to knock them the door. And the guy's like, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, what are you doing? How do you know who's in there? I'm like, I don't. Just hold on to something. And that from the door, my little opens the door, about, you know, this one is like, let's open up. Just want to make sure it was you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I had my, of course, chicken rice. Yeah. I mean, that was literally, yeah. It might have been sticking rice in one meal. And I didn't eat perfect. I'm watching this guy with pizza boxes. You know, then he's like, picking up the former ordering. The difference was time, you were going to go back to your room. Eat your chicken breast and go to sleep. Chris was planning on going out dancing for six hours. And some club that night, so he had a few a lot, you know, to give us body a little bit of grease and salt and water, so that when he swatted 20 pounds on, when he came back the next day, he'd be ready to get on stage. Probably didn't even go to sleep. He probably go right to the venue from the show. Yeah. Not just now, I don't know. Yeah. That's funny. One more thing about crack changing the things. Of course, I gave him an instrument protocol, introvert, Kyle Cuyves, and all. So, I've been a couple of days. He's, oh, bro, I didn't tell him, but I'm doing something even better. I said, what, you know, I went and it didn't buy the dexter. I bought the crook shows. Crook shows. It's a natural sugar. It must be better. That's for a lot of God. You know what, he's the fruit of the interwork out. But yeah, as far as Chris, to me, I also prepared him in the 2000-2003, and there was a kind of thing. You see, he needed this kind of stuff. We were in Amsterdam, and Dorian Yates, Dennis, and Chris, he went out. So, of course, there's a tribute, like, to box with the 18 different kinds of whatever, Marijuana, actually, he's a god knows what it, you know. And I didn't take it because I can't handle it, right? But of course, Chris did. Next thing you know, he's out of it. I took a picture, I actually posted an Instagram, like, couple of weeks ago, he's sleeping in the dark bar. And then as soon as he woke up, he ate eight ham and cheese sandwiches. He did it before the show. Eight ham and cheese. Because he has a bungee. Yeah, because of course, you know. But he can get away with anything. I mean, I still think that Chris really, that is, he had a 100% to the bodybuilding he could have in Mr. Olympia. I think that too. Yeah. It's the incredible structure of the Sonoma physique, not being missing. I mean, yeah, it's a, I love the guy absolutely. You know, I just think that if he just did that little extra, you know, Dorian was committed to that too. Dorian said he should have been Mr. Olympia, you know. He was trying to train him. But I think it was he got to hold him to late. I got two funny stories though. One is, you know, I always champion myself as probably one of the greatest eaters of bodybuilding. I had a great appetite. I had a great ability to down food, poor shakes down my throat. He didn't mad. I didn't miss, you know. And I thought I was the, you know, the best eater. One point I was probably eating about, you know, almost six metric shakes a day and probably six food meals, which is, and they were big food meals. It was a lot of food. And I needed to, I was like 319 pounds, you know. And this is before guys with 300. That, in fact, this was so early on that, that, that guy, like, I remember Jake Colors, didn't an interview. He was like, oh, there's no reason to be 300 pounds, you know. Like, because no one can be 300 pounds. It was like Dorian and me and, and, and NASA. So, and I was an amateur. So, to me, I, I prideed myself in the fact that, and I was pretty lean at that weight. So, you know, while I didn't have their structures, I certainly had a lot of mass. I went up to Canada to stay with Greg Colbex for the, for the, for the, about five days. I stayed at his house with it. It was married to Kim, his wife at the time. And, um, I go up there and Kim had Greg on this eating regimen, where she would, and I don't, if you, but guys have a hungout with Greg, you know. Like, Kim would have a shake in front of him and a meal. Like, he didn't have to think about the food. She prepared everything. He would just like, like, a machine go to the table and eat the food or drink the shake, you know. And this went on every hour that he was awake. There was another meal of shake there. Now, when I stayed with her, she had great hospitality. She, she's like, I'll make all your food and shakes, don't worry about it. She's like, what do you need? I said, well, I'll eat whatever Greg's eating. Because I'm thinking, I mean, 12 times a day, right? Or almost that much, you know, I could certainly eat as much as he can, right? I mean, I almost didn't make it. I seriously, I think when I left this house at the five days, I gained eight pounds, okay? Because, and I was so sick to my stomach from eating because this guy was, I thought, I was a machine. He was eating like his shake, my shakes with 50 grams of protein. His were like 100 grams of protein. My meals were like eight or nine ounces of protein. His meals were 16 ounces of protein. I've never seen a human being eat that much. I mean, it was unbelievable. I was impressed. And like I said, up at that point, I don't think I ever saw anyone who could eat better than I could. So Greg was a creature from another planet. I'm telling you, it was, you might not like a structure or whatever the case in terms of competitive bodybuilding, but there was no one bigger than this guy in the history of our sport. And I was in the 86 and 11th before when I was, what I met Milos, Kobe, that's the first time I ever saw Kobe, I see that he was walking around in a tent top and a pair of like, but I was told in Chicago, but a pair of the little, like, teddy white and not to not tell you why he's the little, um, Spanx. Well, Spanx, they're the short ones. Yeah. And I mean, every bit of 384 pounds, and gigantic. Like I don't think I'd ever seen a bit of human being. Yeah, yeah, he's enormous. No, no. No. I had was actually a tie between Nasser and Milos, but I've told the Milos one before, when we were into buy, we were, you know, we were in the, Dubai of the way it is, Dubai today is Vegas. When Milos and I went there in 96, it was basically sand and one hotel. And we were in this hotel and, you know, we were all dieting and something like that. And so, you know, we go down for breakfast and Milos is like, you know, we need, you know, we want, like, I think we, him and I got like 14 egg whites or something like that, you know, for breakfast with a bowl of oatmeal. And then I think they wanted a charge, just like $500 or something like that. And Nilos, like, not. Nilos went crazy and, and was screaming at the, I don't even know what language he was speaking, but he was screaming at them and finally the, the, the guy who brought us there, the promoter whatever came in and was like, Milos is like, we need food, we need food. Like, next thing I know, there was like 600 chicken breasts, like the liver to a hotel and we had food the rest of the weekend because of that. And so I thought I was a big mouth, Milos man and wiped up the floor with those people. It was unbelievable, but I definitely, I've never been charged $100 for egg whites. So that was the most expensive meal I ever had. And then the other, the other funny eating stories, we're doing, I'm doing eating stories, is I was, a guest posing with NASA, El Sombody. And it was called the, something, great, Easter Grand Prix or something like that. It was in like the Bronx. And after the show and I told the story before, I don't know if you guys have never heard it. After the show, we went to city island, which is a really nice area, like, to be cheap little place or you wouldn't think it's in the Bronx, but it is. And there's like all these little outdoor, like cafes, you can get seafood and this guy took the promoter was an awesome guy and he wanted to take us for like a real nice seafood dinner, lobsters and whatever you wanted basically, he'd basically was on the menu and, and it was taking them a really long time to bring the food and NASA was diving, I think, for the Olympic or at the time. And you know, when NASA gets, you know, when he starts getting like, you know, fed up with people, he gets really nasty. And he's like, he, he was completely taught, the, the way it just was a, was a woman, which met NASA didn't, he wasn't respecting it from the menu, she took her zorner. And he is, and she comes over and she's like, is there a problem? He goes, yes, I have a very big problem because you are incompetent, you don't know how to cook food in this restaurant and it's established. I'm obviously, I've been waiting and I am preparing for the Mr. Lachini, not the Mr. Olympic. What, preparing for the Mr. Limpia competition and I need my food and this is, and the promoter is like, like he saw a barist as NASA is so, it's being so kind to standing through this woman. She's like, well, I'm sorry, sir, you know, it's very busy the restaurant. I don't want to hear your, your, your, your, your, your, your, your, your, your, your excuses. Uh, we, we are here with a very important party. I am a, I am a dignitary in this, in this, in this party here, and I, I am waiting for food like a plebian in, in the, in the streets of Calcutta, India, and I don't understand this, and and so she's like, I, I, I, I started with the food as on its way because I don't, I don't want to any food. I don't want to, I want to, I want you cooking any of my food. I don't trust you to cook my food because now you will go and spit in my food, bring me a ball of ice cream. That is all I want. And he, he, he, he, he. Well, I just, that was, that was, that was the meal. And he was barbaric for the Olympia. I said, Nasa, you got to the Olympia, you kidding? I asked him, because I believe ice cream because these people are in bacilles here. I will not, I will not be subjected to there, they're incompetent. That's a pretty good impersonation of Nasa. I got my Nasa down, Pat. No, that's not the best. That's actually not our bad impersonation. But that is not what you see. That's our Nasa guitar. If I could do the cooking, I would have it, reel down Pat, you know, if I could do this. I mean, I'm going to add on, my one-middle Nasa story. We were at the police and fire games in Orange County. Okay. All the winter guys at the time mean Nasa, my draws over there. Were you there, Milus? Yeah, I think you were there too. So we're standing in line. I'm wondering if you're going to be as wave to the crowd, right? Yeah. That's all we're doing. Wave to the crowd. And the lady comes over to us and starts talking to us. Nasa starts heading on it. And she introduces herself as Congresswoman, something from Orange County. You think that would just sway Nasa from continuing to add on it? No, that didn't slow down Nasa one bit. Hey, give me a call when you get a chance. Let me write your number down in the back of your card. I'll give it back to you. I don't know. No, no, no, no. We're not going to call on that. Come on. It was probably like this. I don't know if you know I've spigated eight languages and we can have some dignitary talk after this. I will take you out for some coffee if you would like to have my number. I mean, many women want my number, but I will only give it to the people that I think are intellectually worthy of me. Obviously, being a Congresswoman like you are, I think that we might have some interesting conversation and hopefully we will have sex after. Oh, that's awesome. Yeah. You will jump in. No, well, I mean, I have something Nasa's story. But you got the best Nasa story. You know all the scoop on him. Yeah, well, well, well, let me just take his mother is from Serbia, right? And the father is Egyptian. So of course, you know, we talked many times and then as Tom said, Nasa was all over every goal that he can possibly convince into the conversation. So back online, he told me, yes, you know, my mother and father, they told me basically one woman can never be in that for the man. So I went to dinner with his parents, I posted a picture in Instagram as well. In other words, his wife, this friend, father, mother, and sister. And so he goes, okay, you know, he's kicking me under the table. Ask, ask my mom. Just tell me then let me ask, but on my language, right? So the visitor doesn't understand something English. He's Serbian. So I ask her this, okay? I would just like to know if it's true that you erased Nasa, you know, be the idea that one woman is not for the man. And then she looks like this. Of course, I can one woman be in that for the man. I, you know, are you crazy? One woman cannot be in that for the man. And Nasa, three of them, like his love, when he's like laughing like this, it's a funny, a lot of fucking insurbing. Yeah, anyway, but he was raised that way that was normal. Yeah, so he was just accepted. So after that, I didn't ask any other questions. That explains a lot in me, that's right there. You just told now I and really understand Nasa's whole mindset. Yeah. Right. When you have a model like that, you know, how can you replace it, right? Yeah, but I have the things that I really had to issue with Nasa and we talked about this all time. And like you said, Nasa, you know, you're all they see good in people. You're all they're in people are nice and feel they prove otherwise. Let's say yes, of course. So what do you think? Oh, no, no, no, no, I think everybody's in Nasa. And feel the three of them. You're going to bring it up. Yeah. Everybody's going to bring it up. And let's be proved for the people. Yeah. And then we'd have a hard time proving anyway, right? Yeah. But the head issue now, I was constantly like fighting with him until one point, you know, he came up to me and said, did you change your mind? And because I had the issue with a few people that end up really being in Nasa's. Yeah. And I trusted him too much, but she had a good time. I see a point, but I'm going to stick for this. And I win your race, sitting away, you believe in people and good in people, you know, stay to that great. But let's just- Oh, but Mills, I want to just give a little before you finish. You know, it's funny that you know, you say that and I think this is, you know, to not give a little bit of an inspirational message to people, you and I are very similar like that. We're very trusting in people. We believe in the good way. We like to see the good in everyone. Even though a lot of people, you know, have issues and they- and they- and they disappoint us, you know, whether it be, you know, business, you know, relationships that you've lost money on or people who have disappointed you maybe even even people you're in a relationship with. But at the end of the day, you know, when you have that positive attitude about life and about people and you're seeing the good in everything, you always wind up bouncing back better than you were before. And you- you seem to live a hat. I feel like people like us live a happy or longer life, whereas people who are very negative and see that always looking for something, you know, some conspiracy and everything, those people tend to be very unhappy people in their lives and they usually don't live that long. So I think there's something too that the idea of looking for the positive and everything that happens in life and looking for the good in people because we know it's there might not come out all the time, but we know it's there. I think that's a better mental outlook on life. And I think a lot of people say adopted that more would be happier in the lives that they are leaving. Absolutely. If you share the love, you love people, love your neighbor, love the stranger, right? If you can give, not take. It's a much greater gift. I mean, and if you just make those little steps that if something not sooner go to open it and ask people for something out of the that's that's how it was raised. But a lot of is something that is missing nowadays. That's for sure. I'm glad that they view it. That's right. And if you just somebody does you wrong, they say, mostly people, they're going to get their car man. I don't want anything better to have to do them. You know, just because they did me wrong. So now I should be changing my mind and wishing somebody some ill will. You know, no way. But before I forget because that's super funny story about eating, eating, we were in Dubai. But this time I was with the Ronnie Coleman jetjep Marsh, Flex Wheeler, Artuger in Hong Kong, 1982, Boloyangian virus there. So of course, Bolodian speaking, there's a time and there was at that time hardly anybody is spoken with there. So when you go there, like you try to order food, it would be impossible. But that time, it's just the Bruce Lee movie. You were sort of some boat and you know, like, uh, enter the dragon when they bring up different foods. Okay. So Ronnie and Artuger, that eating something that you said come on. They're eating like crazy. I can't determine what it is. So it's so the girl, what is it? Oh, chicken. It's great. And the Ronnie's eating and then somebody is translating. And let's not that chicken. Right is it? Right. Oh, oh. There they go. Ronnie, this is this rat ever tasted man. Milo, this was Boloyang. The one who was in the entrance of the dragon. Oh, yeah, he's in. He's in. Yeah, I'm not why I knew it was Sunday, but I never seen Milo Bolo at the Venice scrolls. But yeah, Bolo was in the movie into the dragon. A lot of people didn't know he was a gold general regular. Oh, I didn't know that. Yeah, and he was, yeah, Boloyang was, yeah, you know, he used to be a muscular guy and that's a little bit of a record. How many pounds of a rat did Ronnie? I mean, Ronnie was eating like you can't even believe. But then I just remember that then because the face that he made, I mean, he was just stepping his face. You know, because okay, I owe the chicken salad there. Right. And I'm looking at this. I see everything, but chicken. But then it's a chicken skin. The only part of chicken they use for the chicken salad is chicken skin. It's very fatty in the food in Hong Kong. Very fatty. Yeah, but the argument and the, I mean, the two probably went the bathroom and threw out the body probably finished his meal. Sure. I said, Al Q, probably went the bathroom through the rat off. Ronnie probably finished his meal. That was a pretty different protein. Right. Oh, man. There you go. Good story. I think that he's going to put a cap on this. What we're probably going to do is split this up in a multiple episode. Yeah, this would not do justice if we just had it in one lobster episode. But it has been an absolute absolute pleasure. Tom, middle ocean. Of course, Dave, me having the absolute best seat in the house and enjoying listening to these stories. And I'm sure the fans are going to enjoy. I mean, between the three of you talking about 90 years of experience in bodybuilding and all the hilarious stories and all of course, the inspirational stories. This we talked about training. As we talked about, that equation, putting it all together training, the gear, the diet, and putting together the perfect physique. So gentlemen, thank you. And thank you again. Tom, me, Lo, Dave and our producer Tyler Shore. For everyone involved, I'm so big for you. Keep we'll see you next time. Hey, Dave, me, Lo, see you guys. Thanks, guys. Awesome. We're going to play the great show. We've been treating you after 15 years of the drama. I enjoyed the show a lot.