I'm Dave Polumbau, founder of Species Nutrition. I created Species Nutrition with one mission in mind to provide body builders and serious athletes with no nonsense supplements that work and are backed by science. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body and that lives on in the Species Nutrition line of products. To use only top of the line formulations, does for maximum results and the best flavoring systems available. I've put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition products. If you want to be your absolute best, join the evolution. When you started working with Chad, was there a big change in the way you approached diet and supplements or was it just more of like you have accountability to this guy now? Right, the accountability part of it. As a matter of fact, like when it came to the food itself, I remember just telling, like listen, you don't need a break down every meal. You tell me how many grams of carbs it does a protein on me. Like I can do that. Sure. I can divide it by six and divide it by five meals a day and break it all down from there. How many grams of fat do you want me to eat? That's fine. How much protein you know, basically even let me do one of the cardio. I don't know what I want it. But it was more of the accountability part of it. And I told the story before, the thing I love the most maybe in why I'll forever be such a great friend is the phone rang every Friday night every night. You call me every literally six days a week. The phone rang at midnight one the morning. I'm like, what Chad, it's one in the morning. I'm so happy. I don't tell. I'm pretty good. I didn't figure it out the entire night. You want to make sure you are home, right? Right. Yeah, I didn't figure it exactly. I just show her. Like he's called him to make sure I'm home. I'm not out. I'm not out. I'm not out. You know? But, you know, you know, he had fun with the two of them. By the way, I'm sure he did. You know, not only would it be, not only would we have a kind of situ on the morning. He's gone all right. I'm going to go, you know, Kim just put a tattinous pizza in the microwave. But you're not calling me, keeping me home from Friday and you're bustling my phone. I'm not even beating the phone. Come on. Yeah. But you know, you know, back in that time, so you did that for me. You did that for me. That I did. But you know, I did the same thing when I was competing. I used to go to bed like four in the morning. I would go literally. I go to the diner at like 12 midnight. I would eat like a full fucking crazy dinner just because, you know, we wanted to get bigger and bigger and bigger. It was never, there was never. It didn't matter what time it was, you know, you do crazy stuff like that. Absolutely. Absolutely. 90 seven assials you come in. You, uh, we, we're, we're you happy with the way you look. Was that a good look for you in your mind? Um, that was a look that I knew that champ wanted to go for. Yeah. And then of course I agreed with it. Like it was an at that point after having been second three times. Yeah. You know, twice the national's the ones of the USA. But I didn't care. I just wanted to, like, I wanted to win. You know, so I was, I wasn't going for. My best look. I was going for what's it going to take to win? No, what was Chad strategy? It just to bring you in as hard as possible. He was going to be right. And if that was, you know, if we overdided by 10 pounds, yeah. And so be it. What did you wait that show to your member? I've been doing two, three on stage. I was like, that morning I was 235. So you would have liked to have been your 10 times. I don't look right. You would have liked to have been I bet 10 pounds heavier, right? Yeah, of course. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Well, you remember the guest boson, uh, uh, a little Chicago and uh, J. Cutler was there. And I was like, the J was like, man, you're ready. Jesus, you're going to be able to hang on to that for five weeks. And I'm like, I think so. I said, no, I told you, let me call Chad while I got you sitting here. So you can tell him that. And sure enough, I'm getting the full chat. And Chad's like, yeah, you know what? I just had, uh, he was friends with Chuck Sanna. Right. No Chuck. Yeah, he had Chuck, I know Chuck. I'm friends with Chuck Sanna. Chuck saw me, he says he's still need to lose 15 pounds. Like what? Oh, shit. Oh, my god. 15. Like I mean, ultimately I lost a 15 pounds on. Yeah. Chuck was right. I went to 35. Wow. That's right. I was basically 250 that day. So, you know, but I really want you to exactly like I did. I do say if I would have stopped right then. Right. But I like that look for me. What did you weigh when you when you I placed third at that night of champions in 01? That more 257. Wow. So that was my scale with me to the toes shows. That was your best look. I think and your biggest problem. You look to me at least. Yeah, definitely. What did you do anything special for that show was it just a accumulation of constantly getting better and better and better up into that point? Yes, that matured of years. And I sort of, I guess I started down. You know, like just believe in the trust in my genetics a little bit. Yeah. You know, like believing that like, like listen, you don't you don't need to do this any you don't need to do anything anybody else is doing. Right. You know, I used to have a great one line or that he's to, you know, try to use that I came up with, which was this don't defense and body building. You know, there's nothing you're going to do to stop anybody else. Sure. I think it about anybody about just like worry about you. Did you worry about the other people? Did you study all the other pictures and say, Oh, I got to be this guy. I'd be this guy. I mean, a lot of people do that. Um, not so much, but if a guy like with, well, that is a whole different thing. But yeah, like if the 96 nationals going into it, I'd seen Jay as an amateur. Like two years before. Yeah. When you did the tournament champions and just a great front of my, I thought Jim was coming exactly like you did, which was a little bit soft and a little bit watery. Yeah. I'm not saying it was way off. He wasn't way off. But he couldn't have done a harder. Well, he didn't win the overall. So the problem was, yeah. Yeah, he was also 23 years old. Yeah, he didn't win the overall. So obviously wasn't as fast at that show. That should have been your show. I think everyone would agree. I mean, I got sick. So like, and that was the other thing about that show that, you know, if you're an happen, you could stick right before the show. There's nothing you can do. Pulling water doesn't work. Things don't, you know, but it was tough. But he was exactly like, you know, he's going to look. So yeah, sometimes I did, but it only worked like one guy. Maybe. Yeah. That was a frustrating show for me. Because I was like at my best, really, at that show. Even though I had a little bit of a leg injury, but you couldn't really see it. You're four. I was four. Yeah. You know, Warville, Berk was there, which it wasn't the Orville that had to be became. It was much smaller there. And I knew you guys were both off. But I also knew structurally that I couldn't beat you guys. And that was frustrating for me. Because I was kind of at my best. I was probably the biggest guy in stage. And I was hard. But I knew structurally I wasn't as good as you guys. So it was frustrating for me to know the, hey, this is pretty much, you know, my best and I can't beat you guys. And so, but I was happy that I placed it was my first top five place to get the national. So for me, it was a thrilling thing to be up on stage. You guys, because you guys had a lot of magazine exposure and stuff like that. And so it was a cool show. And that's it. And I think we went out after was did we go out with to some club, what you guys? We went to eat. I think what you guys after that show, right? And yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, maybe yeah. Yeah, I think that's the first time I kind of sat down and talked to. We kind of went over the, you know, what all the, all the stuff that was going on and all the, you know, gossip and stuff like that. But it's interesting because once you turn pro, you had a tough time becoming the pro that everyone thought you were going to become like you just weren't showing up. It like looking like the conference we wanted. What happened? What, I mean, you had Chad there. Why, why are you having problems like, you know, bringing yourself in at your best? That old one night of champions was the first time you showed up, you know? Right. Okay. So the first, my first first show was a 99 night of champions. They got like 13. Yeah. Remember they were direct testing at that? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Well, they said they were going to direct test. And they didn't. Yeah. And they didn't direct test at that. Then the championship is never dated the night of champions. The guys from the, the guys who were supposed to be taking the drug test or take the yo analysis test. Yeah. Some of them never made it every year. Yeah. To me, that's the way you're not wanting to pay for it. Now of course. Of course. Yeah. But so that happened that year. If I were to lost another like 8 pounds of water, I would have been fine. But my body wasn't super super dry all the time normally. Oh, the diabetic can screw me. But Chad had the whole, the whole, you know, alternative, you know, the, the direct they weren't testing for him. Shocked that he wasn't able to dry it out with those. He's talked about that. That's why I'm mentioning it. You know. They, they had a list out of the diuretics that they tested for. And then there were ones that weren't on the list. And that's the ones he was using. Yeah. Gemini actually was on the list. I, you know what, at the time, I didn't even, I didn't even know that. Oh, you know, I did. I did. I did. All right. Okay. Without, you know, what happened in 2000? In 2000, because I didn't look the way I wanted the night of champions. I thought I'd go back to just like, you know what, you know what, I mean, I'm an overdid. I just a little bit and pull this off me and not, you know, do a little bit smaller and right. You know, see how I do. And I did okay. Didn't, you got a ninth of the Iron Man. Yeah. You failed, but failed the directress there too. Oh, they took out the count. They did test the that one. Yeah. So I failed that directress. No, it's years later, by the way, they had threw out all the directress thing. Yeah. And said that wasn't an issue, but, you know, I like to, I look at that shows when I, when I look at the pictures from that show from the Iron Man and the Arnold that year. Yeah. Like I looked, I looked. Yeah. But you got to remember as a pro, you're doing, it's not just a time you look in a picture by yourself, you know, you're competing against guys. Of course. You need to be better than the next. Right. Right. You know, so if you're over nine a little bit, most guys when they're over nine a little, they musta doesn't come off evenly. Right. Well, you lose something. The wild fact. The shoulders are quite as round and your other facts aren't quite as full. And, you know, you lose in spots. You know, so, I mean, and I, again, after that, saying they're back to two of that. So going forward to 2001, I just threw everything out and like, you know what? I'm gonna go back to what I did then, 96 USA. And I'm going with that. And mail that. You look great. I, you know, I actually thought you should have won the show. I wanted to just put it out on the record. I, when I see, you know, when I showed you up that, I was like, this guy should have won this show. You were the biggest guy, you were the hardest guy. You know, Dexter was really good. He was sharp. Orville was good. But I thought he could have been a little tighter. I really thought they were going to give it to you. I did. Hey, you know, I had so many good things happened to that show that I, I don't consider to the negative. Yeah. That was thrilled about what I looked. That's thrilled as a call, fine to the Olympic. That was a big thing. Yeah. You know, getting to go to the Olympic was cool. paycheck was nice, but I don't know, I care about that. But I did care about filing, getting my condition right. Sure. It's the worst thing, I did only real negative as a kid from that. Because I know, that was the last time I could be to Ron's healthy. Yes, and that's that's why I want to get to this the final, you know, part of the interview was the kidney issues. A lot of people don't. May know, may not know, you know, you started having kidney issues when was the first time you started noticing that you had what having problems? I didn't realize it was a kidney issue, but again, the two days before the Olympia three days before the Olympia. In 2001, I had these little little pockets of water. You know, and like so, like there'd be like, so pack a water on the inside of my quads that wasn't there on the outside of my quads, right? And which had never, I'd never seen ever before on myself in a first show. Looking at yourself, but like, what else that? Like, why is this sort of like if there's on me, if there've been a little didn't film a water, it was all pretty evenly distributed, right? You know, not like, she either but not here. You know, so that was the first time I didn't know what it was. It's the middle of the Olympia. Believe it or after the week later in Manchester, England, kind of figured it out. Like, okay, well, just don't carve up as much and see if we can keep the water out of you. Sure. So you never had it, you know, and I was trying everything I could to think of to, like, somehow manipulate this. Don't in 2002, saying, the problem just got worse. You know, that was a big sign was almost watered your whole. My ankles were really bloody. Yeah. How much water I was hiding from blood work or anything like that and noted, you know, checked your creatine level or anything about it. You know, what I, I didn't until it was way late. Yeah. You know, get ready. You know, it didn't, again, in the off season, you know, me being a little bit bloody didn't really bother me or no, did I, that was normal. Sure. I mean, you were for you. I hope a three, 15, right? Like, through a five, through a, I mean, that's a lot of wait for guys to do your height, you know, I mean, right. Yeah. And well, you know, okay, your socks are a little bit in debt to it. Yeah. In your ankles. Well, yeah, that's everybody. Sure. You know, I didn't think I was unique in that way. Um, but so I didn't really pay attention. Once a diet started, just my own, you know, my natural personality when I was dieting. Yeah. Yeah. Don't talk to anybody. I don't want to be bothered with anything. You know, I could have just shoot not really wasn't going to the doctor because any diet started. Don't make matters to this show. You don't want to hear any lectures from the doctors. Yeah. I understand. Right. Yeah. Exactly. Oh, yeah. And you know, when you go to the doctor, like, you know, right, you get all the questions. You know, how your liver runs on just slightly. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Me and every other body of the liver, whatever. Yeah. You know, you know, you know, you know, you're the same thing from all of what was the, what do you remember was the first time you had, you, you finally did the blood work and you saw the crazy creatinine number. Uh, I had a side of pull out of the 90 champions in 2003. And I went to the doctor and my creatinine came back and uh, like five, one. Oh, my god. Oh, shit. Yeah. That's how I was like, whoa, you know, like, now 3.9 is kidney failure. Right. 6.9 is acute kidney failure, meaning you don't never come back. Right. Like, once you get past that, it's over. Right. That's far should a kidney's go. So I'm still slightly, again, in my head, again, a little too motivated from my own good. Yeah, as well as one of my favorite lines. I've been busy using motivation when it should have been using common sense. You know, and so five point, five point one, I can get it down. I'm just stopped taking everything. Right. So I'll stop taking everything for just about, I mean, literally about six months. And I didn't shrink them, hardly at all. Right. You know, I mean, I never want blood to 80. But I still train it because I'm so e, you know, to your stomp down the body with a lot of protein and all that stuff, right? Right. Yep. Okay. And it was going to try to come back in 2004. And after it was after the 2004, trying to the pro-Iriman, that ended. What was your kidney function after that six months of like taking off the gear? Wait, or down, wait down. Oh, I think I'm down. Like two, two, seven. Okay. Which is still high, but you know, the high, but it was much better. Right. And in my head, it was like, oh, it's, again, in my head, it was better. Yeah. But it really wasn't. You probably should have started trying to drop some weight. But, you know, in hindsight, it wouldn't have mattered. It seemed like as you don't you have focal, gourmetly or sclerosis? It right. Yeah, that's, you know, focalist mental segmental. Same mental, the marical, the sclerosis. Yeah. Yep. So ultimately, I didn't realize that was a problem at the time. Mm. You know, at the time, they, at the time, they told me it was all the, um, yep, after the life was taken. Right. Although cellulbrecks, I was taking cellulbrecks, right. Different were shoulders, my knees. Yeah. It's a, it's a, uh, it gives out to people that have, that are authentic. No, I'm, I'm sorely anti-inflammatories. I'm not good for the kidney. Well, you know, so yeah. Yeah. It was, it was helping me a lot. But it was, of course, it's killing the kidney. Right. It probably wasn't helping the situation that was going on in the, right. Right. At what point did you start realizing, hey, I'm, I'm, I'm in pretty much dire straits here with these kidneys. Did they, did they say to you at some point, hey, you're, you're, you're going to lose these kidneys. After the, I remember the, I remember the, yeah, 2004. Yeah, I didn't take for a long. And that was months. And you went on to Texas right away. Is that what happened? Uh, well, yeah, yeah, yeah, I got, I got really sick. And I went to the hospital and they did a, you know, and at that point, my kidneys were, 8 point, my, create and the level is 8 point 1. Wow. And there were done. Yeah. And now I just said, in, in hindsight, like what you just said, I've got a genetic condition. Sure. That I was born with that would have come out at some point regardless. Right. Might have been, you know, five years after that, but who knows? Yeah. Right. I mean, so, uh, yeah, I mean, I might have happened earlier or might have Yeah. But that I, I'll never know. Let me ask you this question. When, when you find out now, I mean, now there's a reality check it. That's it. You're done. There's no more body building at this point. You know, right now I'm, I want to try to save my kidneys. I want to figure out how I'm going to, you know, live the rest of my life. How, you know, what kind of a mental state you're going to, there's got to be a dramatic acute depression right after you find something out like that because it's like, here's your whole livelihood, you know, and now that it's been taken away from you. You know, what, for me, there wasn't. And, and nothing more than, um, you know, I'm not even saying like, I was so mentally tough that, you know, that, that won't happen to me. That happens to other guys. Uh, not at all, but, you know, I never viewed myself just only a body building. Right. You know, body building was something I did, not who I was. Right. You know, so, you know, like, I, I, I was thought like, I'm a reason of my intelligence individual. You were a piece of the, I, I didn't do that at job. And work for regular job. I mean, am I going to be asked passion in about it? No, probably not, but, but I will be, but I, I think, I think, I'd be honest, and I think that passion, that I have for body building, I think that's within me. Yeah. I mean, that's in here. Of course, of course. Of course. Of course. Yeah, but, you know, we're like that initially though. A lot of people don't, can't come to grips with that. They can, you know, their whole identity a lot of times is body building, you know? Right. I knew that. And that, that passion was like, it's like a laser sight on a gun. I could take that like to focus on that. I knew. Right. You know, really kind of person loves a challenge. You know, you can make anything a challenge. Right. You know, do you watch the Michael Jordan thing with, uh, you know, talking to Michael Jordan documentary on the SPN? Yes. You know, Jordan would like a little bit of a find anything to get mad at, to find anything to make a challenge. Right. And that's all he's doing. Right. Why are you doing the best guy in the NBA? What's he got? What's going to keep me motivated? Right. You know, any little thing you can find to latch on to the focus on, tell, kiss them off. Right. You know, he's getting a two or two tell of this, stimulate his adrenaline and make him mad. He can go on and driven and, you know, yeah. And so do I love property management? What I do now? Do I, am I, am I as passionate about that? As there was a lot of body building? Well, no, not exactly. But do I love the challenge of business and something that I never and any idea that I would do? Yeah, I love that. Yeah. But that's why successful time because you don't, you don't get up. So that's obvious. That was there ever a point where you would nervous like, hey, you know, what I'm, I'm, I'm I die because, you know, because of the fact that I don't have kidneys left, you know, I mean, that has to go through your head at some point, you know? Yeah, what goes to your head? Um, just to carry that, like just to piggyback off what you just asked. You know, when you get, when your on dialysis, the dialysis machine only cleans about 80% of your blood. Right. Well, if it's cleaning 80% of your blood, what is the other 20% of the toxic blood going? Like where are those toxicities going in your body? Sure. There has to be a reason why it's got to be a reason why those your body wants those out and now has, now can't get rid of them. Sure. You know, so eventually that's going to start building up. You might start having other problems. Right. Right. And, you know, and I've had a few other problems. That you, you did get a kidney transplant initially, correct? A day of the, before I did, didn't, the kidney transplant was really enough, how I ended up finding out that I've got FSTGS. Okay. You know, they did the transplant and four, five days after the transplant, they did a biopsy of the new kidney. Yeah. And that's when they told me, hey, we did a biopsy of this and your cells, or your blood's attacking the kids and your children. Oh, oh. Like a little bit right off the bat. Sure. Oh, that was a big, whether that was a gut punch. That was brutal. Who, who, who don't need a kidney? Was it a random person or? Well, yeah, random. Yeah. Oh, wow. Nobody in my family. Everybody's at my kids or two young. They both offered and between my mom and my wife, they weren't a match. Well, basically. So, you had this kidney and what did it last like two years you said? Two and a half. Yeah. It was that, I mean, it, it, did you realize, did you know it was coming to an end at some point where you like, because obviously, you were going to the doctor. Did we see it like, Ari Tom, you know, we're going to have to put you back into the analysis, is that when did that happen? I mean, I mean, they told me, excuse me, they told me that was going to happen right after the death of the results of the biopsy. So, I was still in the hospital, we're coming from the transplant. Well, they told me that. Right. And I remember that point saying, I'm, I want to go home. No, I want to keep you in the hospital for, to do a few more. I want to send me to something called for recess treatments. Right. I'm like, like, no, I'm going home. Get like, little and let me out of here. If this is going to die, how long is, how long was the kidney's last? I'm roughly, you know, about two years. Like, like, just send me home. Right. I will cover better at home. So, and just, you know, I mean, all you can do is say, you know what? I got, at that point, my business was really doing well. My wife and I are phenomenal. I've been married for 26 years now. Yeah. You're my kids were adults. Like, everything was going great. They shut my health. Yeah. You know, so, you know, I did, like, there was so much more positive than the other one was negative. I just said, screw it. I'm just kept it all in my life. What year, what year was it that you went back on dialysis? So, the transplant was in 2012. We're back in January of 2015. And you've been on the last five years, continuously three times a week? Yep. Is that, I mean, how is that? I mean, how is your health now? How do you feel doing dialysis, you know, like that? And why didn't you choose the route that Don long did, where he was doing it every night? Like, it's at home. Yeah, because I didn't want to do that? Oh, okay. Well, no, you know, again, you can do it at home. But like, I would rather prefer to be at a clinic and let them see me. Right. And let them, we have to do all that. I didn't want to do it at home. And because of some of those wrong at home, you gotta have somebody else that are with you. Yeah. You know, and what am I going to do? I didn't want to keep my life off every night while I was on dialysis. Right, I understand. You know, and I mean, she's got she works on my company too, of course. Right. Or it's not, it's our company, not my company. But, you know, she, I want her to have her own life. Sure. Her life wasn't taking care of me health-wise. Right. You know, like her, you know, so, you know, so, it's much easier. It was so, it was so, it's so easy to go, you know, two dials is getting it down there. I could answer the phone, taking calls at work, what was your dialysis? I got you, yeah. You know, I brought my, you know, little, bring my laptop with me. Got you. A little, I've got many with me. And work on the computer at more add dialysis. Right. And I can actually use that time. I'm not just sitting or sleeping. Right, you're actually working. I can't even. Right, yeah. You know, so, is that, I mean, is it my favorite, but I can, again, like I said, if you want to, you can turn anything in a, how do you feel? Now, how do you feel Tom, like, you know, on a regular basis, do you, have you adjusted to it? I mean, is your body adapted to the dialysis? I mean, I mean, you do it a long time now. I, yes, then, I mean, since, uh, watch it out, it's been 16 years. Yeah. If I don't count the tears of the transplant, um, yeah. I mean, it was better 15 years ago, because I was younger. Yeah. You know, not at 51. And, you know, it just start to, not feel as good afterwards. Right. You know, a little groggy for three or four hours afterwards, but, um, I don't know that if you'll get all with, what, what, what, you able to stop taking the anti-rejection drugs once the kidney, you know, stop functioning? Yes, thank God. Yeah, because that's, that's the worst part of it, I think, right? So, yeah, nobody tells you that prior to the transplant, nobody tells you, they said, oh, you're going to feel great. Don't worry about it. So, the anti-rejection medications, um, yeah, that you can keep your kidney. What they don't tell you is, I was a kind of person that would get sick about once every three years prior to that transplant, would the anti-rejection medication? I was getting sick like three or four times a year. Right, because your immune system is all- You know, it's all- It's all-right, yeah, you know, and, you know, maybe that's obvious to some people, but that wasn't obvious to me. Right, come on. Yeah. And by the way, you might get sick three or four times a year. Anybody who's coming contact with, that sneezes arise a cold, you're going to get, and I hate it. Like, I feel better on dialysis than I did with the transplant. That's- that's, yeah, that's a- It's weird that you and Don Long who kind of were 1995, you know, sitting next to each other at that way and you're both wound up with the, with kidney issues, which is just, you know, bizarre, you know, bizarre coincidents, really. Right. Now there's been a bunch of people, right? Yeah, well, that has really, that's true. But I'm just saying you guys were kind of like neck and neck at that show. Um, I guess- I guess it's better than going to jail for the rest of your life or trying to, for killing someone, so. I'd like your other body there. That's a whole other conversation, yeah. Yeah. When you look at the day that happened, yeah. When you could take that half in, right? We found out, Craig was going to jail. Yeah. This is all, again, we don't have to talk more Craig at all. Yeah. So Bob called me and said, this is the entire conversation basically. Yeah. First thing out of his mouth, he was, if I could name one guy in our industry, one guy in body, that committed murder, and we'll spend the rest of his life in jail. Who would just say, he barely got the words out, and I went, tell us. Okay, tell us. And I go, I go, I go, don't, I go, you're kidding. Don't tell me he did that. He's like, yep. Oh my God. Yeah, crazy. Not to- I don't know if I don't know what was. I didn't realize that I had to matter. A blood, what? Well, you do, I didn't know you knew Melissa, James, yeah. She, when Craig got, when Craig met her, he met her at the junior Florida when he was guest-posing. And he came back and he was telling me all about me, and I'm going to fly around to come stay with Kelly and I, and sure enough, he flew around. They came in and we went to Craig Kelly, Melissa and I, I mean, Craig Kelly and Melissa, and I went to the right. Right. Went to the flyouts together to eat a couple of times, and she didn't really, very super quiet. She didn't want to talk much about it. But, um, you know, just sad. She was like a fan, I think, really. They got roped in without their whole, you know, their whole mistake that they had going on. I think the whole rock star lifestyle they've lived in really. Right. I'm no question. Which, look, when you look at today's variables, I know you don't really follow the sport that much, but, you know, who do you like? Like, what physics do you say, hey, you know what? These are, this is a good physique, you know. Oh, I like kind. Is Craig going to beat this, you? Yeah, it's the, that's the, how million dollar question every single year, I don't think he's going to ever compete again to be honest. That's a key. Okay. He's making more trouble with me. I mean, what he competed, what does he need to compete for? The last time I talked to him, I didn't get the idea, he didn't get the impression that he wanted to compete. Yeah. I had to impression that he didn't want it to be, actually. So I like to him like Sean Roden. It's, yeah. Roden, hopefully Roden. Those are the two. Roden guys own the problems with, you know, with the rape accusations and all that stuff. So he's going to deal with that. I don't have to know these guys on that level. Yeah. Tom, you know, look at this. You're not the physique. Yeah. Looking back at your career. If you had to give the fans, we'll end the interview with this. The fans like a bit one piece of advice that you think that you've garnished from your whole, I guess, experience in the bodybuilding world, what would it be? Like if you had a take home message from this interview. I mean, I think the biggest thing is believing yourself. You know, the believing yourself and, you know, stay true to yourself. You know, if you love it and you're driven by it and you're passionate about it, absolutely go with that. You know, you know, and no regrets, right? Right. You know, no big, no other sage-related advice, no other than that. Yeah. Well, I think also another, I think a take home message also for you would be, you got to be out. You can't, you have to be brave enough to recreate yourself if, if you have to do it, you know, you don't have to, you wrap yourself around your bodybuilding identity. People always ask me, Dave, how do you deal with the fact that you're not as big as you used to? There's a body who I said no because I've recreated who I am. And that's not who I am anymore. That's who I was. And I could be proud of it, but now I'm someone else. I'm doing something different now. So, you know, I guess I was thinking just bodybuilding, but when you say it that way, you absolutely, no, then I would change it to what I said before about it. Like, what if you're passionate about something absolutely, you know, like I said, it's a, it's a, it's a weight that passion is within you. It's a laser sight on a gun. Yeah. It focuses on anything. You know, you get behind it and you're driven by it. You be shocked at, I was like, I know I'm shocked that I like property management as much as I do. Even saying it out loud, I still can't believe it. You know, I can't believe that I'm that I'm interested in this in some way. Well, you like the challenge, it's a jobiest, you know? Like I love the challenge yourself to do different things. And that's what makes you, you know, a passionate guy, and that's what makes you successful at what you do. Absolutely. Tom, it was always a pleasure to be your friend. And you know, I thank you for doing this interview. I think a lot of people have been wondering, you know, what you've been up to. And, you know, your journey was an interesting story. And I think it could be a lesson for a lot of people. And I think another take on message and I always tell people this because I, I, just like you put my hand in the sand a lot when I competed. Guys, go make sure you get checked out. If you feel alright, get your annual, you know, medical examinations. Do your blood work, whether you want to see it or not. Just check it out because, you know what, sometimes some of these issues can be averted. Sometimes not, but at least you be aware of the status of your health, especially when you're putting it on the line, you know, every single day in the gym. Absolutely. There's two of the things that are easily avoidable. That you don't want to wait to be, you don't want to be trying to fix them after the fact. Yeah. Yeah. You know, you can name a jar of dirt longs. You're getting these, you're liver. Oh, that's tough. You can't fix afterwards very well. Yep. You know, and it's not worth it just to say I was whatever. Two, two, ninety. Yeah. You know, 300. 300. 300 to different story. If you say 300, you can just, I'll just kidding. Hey, Tom. Right on. Best of luck. Yeah. With the property management, and I understand your grandfather, too, is that true? I'm a grandfather. Yeah. Unbelievable. I'm a daughter. I'm a little girl. I'm a new father. You're a grandfather. If you're, you've got to cut, you've got to cut. You've got to cut. I've got to catch up. Right on. All right, Tom. Thanks for joining us in, keep in touch. All right, guys. That will take us to the end of another episode of live with brought you by species nutrition. I'm Dave Palombo for Tom Prince. We'll see you next time.