Welcome back to Live with Brought to You by Species Nutrition. I'm Dave Palombo and today's guest is a good friend of mine. He's the promoter of the Arnold Australia as well as the guy who runs all of Australia in the bodybuilding world at least. From my perspective, it's pleasure to welcome back to the show Tony Darny. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. I know it's very early over there, still, right? Yeah, I've got up early just for you. Thank you. Well, you got nothing else going on there. It's not like you can run a gym or anything like that or any bodybuilding shows. They've got you completely shut down, right? Completely. It's really bad, so. It must be murdered. It must be driving you crazy because you're a workaholic like I am. And if they don't let you work. You must just not know what to do yourself all day. Well, yeah, it's been difficult. And I feel for the members, you know, because with the gym like this, Dave, a lot of people come here for mental health reasons, you know, I'm sure about building muscles and flexing in the mirror. You know, a lot of people, this is what they do to cope, you know, and without that mechanism, right, I think it's really hurting a lot of people probably a lot more than what the virus is. But, you know, I'm never going to feel sorry for myself. The first lockdown for us was 13 weeks. So I actually worked harder than ever. I came into the gym every single day, I think for 91 days, completely renovated the place and we polished the floors, put insulation in and that's the most important. Head up more pictures and made it, you know, better than ever. And did all the things that I can't do being in 24 hour gym. Right. Then we got to open up for two weeks, which was absolutely fantastic. And then they gave us 12 hours notice to shut everything in the state all over again. So this time's been, you know, more difficult. I mean, I'm lucky I can come into work and do my own light orders. I'm doing a big warehouse conversion next door for education, events and stuff like that. So I've been staying busy with this. If I had to sit around in the apartment all day, I'd, you know, don't know how I could do it. You're like me, that you probably could find a million things to do despite not opening the gym as something that like you said, you're reading the whole gym. But obviously, you know, having to cancel the Arnold Classic in Australia at the last minute, you know, I never talked to you after that. But I have to imagine, I know you, because I know you for a long time. You must have been going, you must have done everything in your power to try to get pull that show off because, and I remember we did talk about it. Because, I mean, this is your livelihood. This is not only, do you make your money from a bit at your passion, that's what you look forward to every single year running that show. So that's the pull the carpet from out from under you. I mean, I can't even imagine the depression you must have been in after that. Yeah, it was crazy because, you know, I left Columbus, obviously the, the expo got cancelled there. Right. And at that stage, it was two weeks to go into our event. And looked to sum it up, we missed out by a week. If it had been a week or early, I would have gone away with it. Right. And then six days before the event, the government just said, no, there's no expo's we're closing the convention set and down, you know, bad luck, kind of thing. And it was, it was just a point for me and also for my staff because that, you know, there were 365 days straight on it. I've invested everything, I was sorry, but you know, if I lose money, we ran an office for a year, you know, with seven staff, we, we did all that, all the advertising, all the billboards, all the steel and I built out the phrase, we all the street posters, all that sort of thing. So we pretty much, you know, lost, lost everything. And with six days notice, it was really, really difficult. So, what do, when you lose that kind of money, and I don't know if you want to share the number with us, but when you lose that kind of money, how do you recruit that? I mean, what do you do? Do you just take that, do you personally take the loss for it or how does that work? Business work. Yeah. Yeah, basically, I just took the hit, you know, just moved some stuff around and, yeah, but I've had a very more, honestly, wouldn't wipe me out, you know, it was this close. I guess I was lucky that three or four of our, four or five of our big sponsors and exhibitors who put their money in agreed to leave it in for next year, just helped me through it, you know, and without that, you know, we wouldn't have, we wouldn't have been able to get through or would have been bankrupt. Wow. So, God. Yeah, it was pretty bad, and I thought, well, at least I've got the gems, you know, to keep the cash like, right? Yeah. It was the sun, the Sunday night, should have been the close of the Arnold. Yeah. So it was Sunday the 22nd of March, and I thought, you know, at least, you know, tomorrow we'll go back to the gym and we'll just rip into it and just, you know, I'll make it up. We'll take me a while but I'll catch that. Right. Right. One of my buddies called and said, hey, turn your TV on and there was our prime minister, which is equivalent to your president saying, all gyms close tomorrow, 12 noon. Uh, huh. What? So it's just, it's this year's just been a ship, you know? Yeah. It doesn't matter how you put a day of it, it's just a fucking ride off this year. And now we've had to also cancel. So here in Victoria, which is where Melbourne is, our state's been isolated from the rest of Australia. So when I'm traveling, even into state, let alone international. Wow. And therefore, you know, I had my, all my state shows and national's due to run in October. And I made the decision last week to cancel the whole thing because, you know, what's the nationals if you can't have each state being able to show it? Yeah. Travel to the show actually, right? Right. Right. And then a couple of states could come here, but then they'd have to isolate the hotel and their own expense for two weeks when they got back, which is about $3,000 to do. So it just wasn't fair. So basically, all income streams from this year have been wiped out. Oh, thank God. You know, Tony, the reason I bring this up, and I think it's important that we bring back, you know, we bring light to this, is because your guy who has worked your whole life busted your butt to get the nice things that you have in life cars and houses and gyms. And, you know, you started from nothing, you built yourself, your own little empire. And every year, you, you kind of laid on the line to, to raise up your game. The problem with that is you never expect to take a hit like this where they're going to completely turn off all your businesses like on the drop of a dime. So here you are thinking, ah, you know, I invest everything every year and I try to make my stuff bigger. Now all of a sudden, all the money you put into it is gone. I mean, I mean, I mean, I can't even imagine how that must feel because you kind of risk it every year because of that. And there's really no risk usually who would expect, you know, some kind of an epidemic like this to pop up, how do you mentally stay positive in that situation and say, you know, why I'm going to recoup this? I'm going to come back better than ever. A lot of people will get seriously depressed and would almost like to give up. Well, I think what kind of makes it easy is I've never been driven by the financial aspect of it because I've been broke so many times Dave and I've lost it before. So, you know, I'm driven by by passion and loving what I do. So I guess that makes it easy because I, you know, I've built this, this brand with the gems that I absolutely love, you know, I never, I never get up and think, oh, shit, I've really got to work. You know, I can't, I get out of bed and I can't wait to get here. And that's never changed in the 20, something years I've done it. And each year, you know, being a promoter and doing things on the scale that I do and always scouting up, there's a chance I can, you know, lose it every year. So it's not like normally, you know, it's been, you know, you know, you know, I've talked this been a ton of years where I haven't made money or I haven't broken even. And I've actually gone back with my answer, I will just go again. Yeah. And I've always had that attitude. So although this one's kind of blind side is a little bit. I thought it took me an opportunity just to have a good reset and to think about the things I do enjoy doing. And then, you know, as I said, to renovate the gym, it was really, really well, me, not just this gym, but three of our gyms. Yeah. And how many gyms are you on now, Tony? I'll just go back to three. Okay. Three here and then we've got a license, one of our franchise, one over in Perth. So four, four, dolly these gyms in Australia. Gotcha. And with build of fantastic brand, you know, the people love our renewal rates higher than probably anywhere in the world. And you know, that was the other killer. When we did get to open up and everyone saw what we'd done and the renovations, of course, it was so desperate. We had the best two weeks of business in 25 years. Yeah, just in this gym, I mean, runs without headquarters here. Yeah. I've over 400 members, new members in two weeks. Oh, wow. We're back. This is going to be great. Then we're going to honestly be the 12 hours notice just to pull the pin. They do have to set up special combinations in the gym for like distancing and stuff like that. Mass. What was the protocols that you had to put in place? We were allowed to have 20 people per route. So fortunately, this is, I guess, like, if you think of Gold's Venice when, you know, you go through one opening, there's another problem. Yeah, I've been doing that. Yeah, it's great. Yeah, I'm like that. Right, right. So it's like that. So that kind of meant we had five spaces here. We could have up to 100 people in the gym. Oh, that's good. Yeah, that's good. So what I did, I put extra staff member on each entrance to each room and then they had to count. And if we got to 20, no one could come in. You have to wait to somebody finishes. What? What a panic. Yes, that is. You know, you go do some sit-ups, room and other whatever. And the members were very understanding. Another thing is, because we're 24, 7, you know, we'd never close. Don't forget to, if Donald's a story, we're not first open up here in 1998 and we're the first or the only 24-hour gym in Australia. I threw the keys away because I didn't want to have the only one I haven't planned to be. So when I'm in the door, I said, well, I'm not going to need these ever. Nothing's ever going to let this place close. Natural disasters, whatever. So it's really the keys. So when I heard of the news that we had to close, the first thing I knew was calling lost my sense. You know, like, so the morning that we had to close down, we had to move. So how do you get this guy to go round the three of our teams, putting new barrels in the locks and giving his keys? Those go on a weird. You know, I always think that Dave and this might be good for the listeners that you consider and feel sorry for yourself and be miserable and just be like everyone else. Or you can stop and think, hey, you know, my worst day has been in some poor person best day. You know, I've been all the shit holes in the world. You know, I've been to the forvalorizing Brazil. I've been to the townships in Africa. I've been deep into the slums in India. And I think, think about those people in those countries that have got nothing and what they would do to have the lives that we've got even in lockdown. And they don't cut off their friggin' leg to have the kind of freedoms and lives that we've got. So although it's difficult, I think you've got to keep perspective and say, you know, it's not that bad. You know, our grandparents went through way worse than this on a daily basis for years at the time. So I'm not going to let it get me down. Fuck around. You know, it sucks, though. It sucks is that it's like ours is being caused by ourself. In other words, there's no, we don't have to have this, you know, this kind of quarantine. The government decided they're going to do this to us. And it's disheartening because it's like we don't really have a saying. You know, I always felt like, you know what, if you don't want to go to the gym because it's like, I have three young kids. So I probably wouldn't go to the gym. Even my gyms are open here and floor. I don't go to the gym because I don't want to put them at risk. God forbid, I get COVID. But that's a personal decision that I made. You know, if I do want to go to the gym, I can go to the gym. You know, my gyms are open. They're making money at least to gym owners. I don't know why the government feels necessary to put a to sanction and make their own rules telling you you can't open your gym. I mean, your gym probably was the safest place to go with all the protocols you had in place and the safety snacks. It's like, you know, they're not allowing you as a business man to do what you love to do. And there is essentially, you know, potentially bankrupting you. I mean, if you had just started these gyms recently, I mean, you could have been out on your ass, you know. Oh, man, if it had been even three years ago, it wouldn't have made a bet. If you're stopping thinking about it this way, two days like when we first opened, you know, restaurants where I opened was something to have limitations on restaurants. But when you're checked in, you had to write your name like on a clipboard with a pen. So they give you the same dirty pen that everybody else uses. I hand you a clipboard that everybody's touched. And then you can make up some bullshit name. You know, you can be Dave Colombo. I just make up a phone number and they've got no way of tracing that back because it was all about tracing. Yeah. And so when I spoke to the government about it, I said, and I did some media and some big radio shows, you know, talk radio here. I said, hey, gyms are the safest place in the world. Because we're in the sweat business. So I said, we've had hand sanitizing stations in my gyms for 12 years. We've been in the water down. And then when someone checks in with their membership tag, we know what time they got there, the name, the data birth. There's a photograph up on their file. We can tell you what time they got there, what time they left. We've got 28 CCTV cameras just in this gym. So we can even see who passes who in what room. There is no close contact. You know, we've got the benches or 1.5 meters apart, which is like 6 feet or whatever the equivalent is. You know, I taped off every second treadmill and switched it off so that nobody could be next to each other. Yeah, we went above and beyond anything they could imagine. And this is where I agree with you that I'm so well, if we've done all that and people still want to come, well, so let them come. Right. So we've got hygiene stations everywhere with the, the spray disinfectant and paper hand towel. So they had to come in and they had to agree that they wiped out every single bench they used. Yeah, and the big guys in all those fantastic, they're wiping down dumbbell handles the ropes. Because they want to work out. They don't care. They'll do whatever they got to do. Exactly. Right. Right. And then we don't get to say in that in fact, when they get any consultation whatsoever. And you know, what I do my daily questions on Instagram, people always say, oh, they told you when they can open, I'm like, I'm that don't call me. I'm not going to get a watch. I just got to watch the news like everyone else. Yeah. We don't get consulted as an industry. And you know, you're not just me, but as crazy because we can still go to the, well, this lockdown in the city now, it really is just a pharmacy and the supermarkets that are open. They've closed all the retail. But the last lockdown, I could go to the retail life. We're going to be think called Batings, which is like your home deeper. Yeah. And you go there in your lineup and there's a thousand people in the store. And they don't take your name. You don't have to scan in and then check your ID. Right. I'm like, well, that really is close distancing. It's not being released. And even now, I can go to the supermarket here, which is packed. I don't know the market. That's packed. And their excuses now, we've got mandatory face masks. So if you go outdoors without a face mask, it's a $200 fine. Oh my God. If you get caught during the day, driving somewhere more than five kilometers, which is three miles from your home, right? And there's only to go to the store or to say drive to the park to do your exercise, but within the three mile limit, it's a $1,670 fine. I guess better. Are you guys a serious person over there? Wow. Well, what about this? So then from 8 p.m. to 5 a.m. There's a curfew. And if you get caught outside during that time, unless you're an emergency worker or doing a night shift in a hospital or something, the fine's $5,400 for being out of your house at night. Wow. You guys got like martial law over there. It sounds like holding that. Yeah. The police are actually patrolling the parks and the streets with soldiers. Wow. You would think that when you weren't wore or something like that. Yeah. I think the most deaths with anyone that's like 20 or 25. And it's probably just from all people that would have died anyway. Let me ask you this question. The Olympia obviously is going to be in December. You're going to actually be able to leave Australia to come to the Olympics. I know you love to do that every year. This is a killer, then, because obviously I do all the backstage interviews in peace and news online. You know, the us media people work together. We have a lot of fun. It's great. It's probably one of the highlights of my year. The problem is, because they've moved it now to December, if I was able to go and right now, we can't leave the country. But let's say they're losing up on there. They've said now until there's a vaccine. If you're on a straight end and you leave and you come back, you have to go into mandatory detention in a hotel at your expense for two weeks in isolated. You know, if the December, the Olympia's on December 16 to 20, you lose the day coming home. So at the best, I get back home December 22nd, which means I've been isolation locked out for Christmas in New Year. So I wouldn't get to see my kids. Wow, my family. Even now I haven't seen my parents for three months. You know, your mum's 80 years old. I can't go visit her. Yeah. I was actually thinking two weeks in a hotel all by myself actually sounds like a vacation to me. You're able to promise you when you do that, you can't leave your room. I know. I know. I mean, you really lofted like a jail cell. You're sitting there just watching Netflix and talking online. That's about it. But Tony, who patrols this? Did I have like government employees watching all these people coming off the airplane in the hotel room? Well, what happened here is that originally they did that and they had they put them into hotels. And this is in our state where they lost control of it. Instead of having like the military or something at the hotel, it's for the international people arriving, they just got the cheapest security guards they could and apparently some of them were taking the girls out for a cigarette. You know, sneak it back into their room for a little interview time and this sort of thing. And this is how it's spread. Then the other thing they did here that they were rotating the staff between the nursing homes or the old people's homes. Oh, wow. So we've had two big problems here. One they fucked up the hotel quarantine by being cheap. Yeah. And then they just passed the blame between the really, really they fucked it up. And then secondly, they let it get into the nursing homes. But what? You know, the solution to this would have been really simple. Because our numbers were really low-day. Like we were getting 20, 30 new cases a day. And they said back then, the best thing they could do instead of putting all these to say, then they banned all the international flights. But they still had like 60 hotels at the government were paying for. So it said, well, why not if you test positive, you got to come with us right now. And we're going to put you into a hotel at our expense for two weeks, we'll feed you. Whatever you want. Right. The problem is when people tested positive, they just say, hey, go home and isolate, don't worry. No one listens. Yeah, a lot of people, particularly on a socio economic lower level, they've got 10 people in their house. And they're sharing one bathroom. You get COVID, they say, they've go home and don't leave the house. You live with 10 people or three other families. And this is then it got into the, the, what do you guys call it? Which one has in commission? Like the, you know, the government housing. Yeah. Yeah. And then we got a pandemic went through that those kind of places. So they've just screwed up everything they could here in this state. Whereas the rest of Australia is almost COVID-free. You know, they're getting like one case at a time. Like it's the other Australia, they've had no new cases in a month. In Perth, Western Australia where our other gym is, their borders completely closed. They don't want anyone in there. Even other Australians. It's just shut. And it got zero cases. Right. So we've got seven states in Australia and pretty much there are locked down to themselves and they don't have a problem. Right. Let me ask you a question. There's no tourism. There's no international tourism. There's no domestic tourism. Just kind of messed up. Yeah, I know it is. You guys go to bankrupt your country over there, even though ours are probably going to be bankrupted. So, do you, do you foresee body building being restored by 2021? Yeah. I think our state borders will be open. International, you know, I've got a conundrumist to what to do with the Arnold in March because at this stage, they're saying there's no way we're going to accept any international visitors for at least a year into Australia. That's right. So that means, yeah, my men's proshow, which is really the big draw card, which as you know, this would be a 20 second consecutive year that we've done. He can't do that with that international athlete. I hate the break of the attorney already lost your streak as over already, but from this year. Unfortunately. Well, yeah, well, that's it. We've burned the straight this year. So it'd be fresh time. It's the new shriek every time. Yeah, everyone do that. It's going to be two consecutive years. You don't hold it now. I mean, would you just hold a, I mean, I guess the amateur shows is probably where you make most of your money anyway. I mean, so as long as you can hold those, I mean, financially at least that would help you, right? Yeah, from a body building point of view, you know, we'll get by. I think body building will be strong and well, we'll do our, we do two big seasons here. One in March, one in October. So what do the March season as usual? We have a qualified NH state. Right. And then they come here normally for the Arnold. They've had my change shape a little bit because as a multi sport festival, you know, there were 50 different sports and people coming from 50, 60 different countries. That's not going to happen there. I mean, Arnold might be able to come, Bob Lorum or I'd be able to come. And when the National Judges Steve won't be able to come, yeah, this is, this is a fact. And then at the end of the year, I might do something bigger than, and we'll have our nationals in October. So from a body building alone point of view, we'll be fine, you know. What I made the decision last week to cancel the nationals. I guess it was 11, 10 or 11 weeks out. Which gave people time to get back off their diet. I mean, you know, a lot of people said they're very grateful because I could left it until the last week. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I mean, you can't, you know, people are paid for coaching and, you know, all their diet, everything else they do. So I think we made a good call date. It just sucks. Yeah. It like we've never been to anything like this. And me, I've got a happy disposition on my, you know, upbeat kind of person. As you know, always find a solution, always find a way forward, like a US day busy. But, you know, the impact of this year is going to have on society in the world. I don't know that we'll ever recover. I think it's it's shit. You couldn't have written a script for this day. You're like, you know, like, when I saw you in March, if we had to say, okay, you go home, cancel the album. Shut your gym down for six months. You were in a lot. No. I know income and not be that a leave your house. I would have kicked the head for a long time. It's like a bad movie. It's like a movie you're watching that you can't believe what's going on. You can watch it if you saw it in a movie, you'd be like this will never happen. You know, it's really important. Right. Right. It's something else. You know, I said, but it looks good where you are in Florida. I saw they moving the knee or even the knee or crow is going to go down. Yeah. Yeah. They don't care and fly. I think the governor's life. They're only worried about Burmese Python's down here. They don't care about COVID or anything. They don't want to shut on the land. God forbid, you know, everything's open here. We got to be a thankful that they're that, you know, liberal and progressive about it. But the bottom line is that we were closed long enough. I'm sure people, the businesses were hurt long enough here. You know, it is people just got fed up. They started suing the government. The government's like, you know what? Screw it. Open up everything. We don't care. Thank God. I know Steve Jim just Steve Jim just opened up the other day up there in New York. Yeah. I said even message because he's been shot for a while. Pretty much five months or something. Yeah. And I'm really happy for him. He's got a very similar clientele on similar clientele. Yeah. Yeah. But we have, you know, where it's, it's people's home away from home. They live for it. You know, and I really feel bad for the members that don't, um, train because they want to train. They train because they're fucking need to train. And they're not cases for the other. Are they going to make it mandatory over there in our strategy? I know it. They're Australian. They tell you guys what to do. You don't. There's not as much freedom as we have here. I think it to make it mandatory to get these vaccine that they're supposedly developing that we know they already have developed. Probably years ago. All right. Well, what they've said is that they're not going to make it mandatory. But if you don't do it, you won't be able to get any social welfare benefits or going anywhere, basically. Or travel. Yeah. Right. So if you want to use your passport, you're going to have to have the vaccine. Wow. That sucks. Yeah. I mean, are you into, uh, do you believe that there's a conspiracy here? Or do you think that it's a legitimate vaccine? Look, I don't know. I think when they rush anything medically, you know, normally, there's things to take years to develop. So you've got to stop and think well, um, they sent you a rush for this one or, you know, was it already there? Was there an agenda? Yeah. Um, you know, so part of me's life. I don't really want to put something in my body that's, you know, not tested properly. Yeah. But the same time sucks not traveling and not having a life. So yeah. Yeah. So it's really not voluntary is what you're saying. In other words, yeah. You don't have to get it if you don't want to. You're just not going to be able to, you're basically just being jail for the rest of your life, you know. Yeah. Yeah. So, um, look, I'm just going to cross that bridge when we come to it. Right. Yeah. If the numbers keep dropping in and the figures are low, I mean, up until this lockdown, Australia was probably handling it the best in the world. And then we, at death rate was really, really low. Like, we couldn't, the total in Australia didn't hit 100 until like July. Yeah. You know what I'd like to know? I'd like to know the statistic on the amount of deaths that have been prevented from pneumonia. Because I have to imagine the lockdown probably also influenced all the other diseases that normally kill people that we don't even talk about, right? Well, a lot of the people that are listed is don'tiscovery. So, you know, already immune deficient, or they had, you know, states three cancer or they're in, you know, an old people's home, you know, living with dementia and prone to pneumonia and all these things. So when they die, they say, what was the COVID? So, you know, I don't know. I mean, you hear all the conspiracy, you stop and think, why? Why would a country effectively bankrupt itself? And why would 100 different countries that fucking hated jail? Right. All shut down and kill their economies. Yeah. You know, so none of it really makes any sense. I think it's, you know, obviously a highly infectious disease that wipes out unhealthy and old people. It was just driving here early this morning in the dark to do the interview with you and I heard of the radio. They said, um, obese people have, you know, four times a risk of getting COVID dying from it. That's because they're obese. They're going to drown that. They're everything. It doesn't take a brain surgery to figure that went out. Right. So, um, I look I understand it, David. I try not to overthink it. In fact, I've made a habit of trying not to watch the news to watch the news to watch the news. You really get, you really get sucked in. I don't watch it. I don't watch it at all. Too negative. You know what? I'm really happy for you guys, you know, I know, you know, talk to Bob Lourner and the gym is your open up there in Columbus. That's often my buddies in Florida and all your gym is your open. You know, it's basically just flexed the other day and he was saying that to, you know, they all just threaten the government. He comes out. If I could just open up as you were and, you know, wish me. I wish we had those kind of powers here. But we're done. Yeah, but then again, you guys don't have any cases of it. So maybe they're maybe the government smart. Let's take it. Let's change gears for a second. Let's talk about the Phil Heats come back to try to win number eight this year at the Olympia. It's you and I like to talk about the Philippine shop at you. Yeah, that's enough of that. Yeah, that's enough negative stuff. What do you think about his chances to win? You know, everyone, you know, everyone hated Phil when he, you know, the last year he was in it when he lost the road and because everyone loves to hate on the champion. Now that he's been gone, people are kind of like rooting from always going to save the Olympia. He's going to come back because the win number eight. Do you think Hill Win 8 when the toll set and done? Do you think when the smoke clears? Do you think he's got it anymore? You think we're just like remembering the Phil Heath from his heyday. I've sincerely believed that if Phil comes in his best shape, you know, he had that operation fixed up he's stumbling problem. What about supposedly, yeah. It's a bit right. So if that's all good, let's say if that's the case and he comes anywhere near his best condition, nobody's going to stay next to him. He's going to be first second answer. Well, you know, he really didn't, he really was in great shape. The year he lost the road and I mean, aside from the fact that he had some distension issues, he was, I mean, he was the best condition guy on stage. I mean, so I mean, you really. From the front, you know, he sees flaws, but you're from the back. He was the winner all day. Yeah, I mean, he's back. He's back by a set shot was better than Rhodes, only when I was in that show. I think that, you know, he was probably probably a little stiff. And obviously he didn't take it too well, getting beaten, you know, when you go for his eight Olympia, why would he? But, you know, I don't know Phil, as well as anyone in fact, every year at the Olympia when I'm backstage after the pre-judging, you'll always come back and say, listen, what do you think where he, where I'm at? Because you know, so I just shoot straight. Yeah. Like those years with crime and I've managed really close. Like he's, he's beating you in some poses or you're a little flat tonight or he didn't pop when you walked down. Yeah. And we've always had a very open thing backstage at the Olympia. We're kind of bending in his corner to a big extent, just with pure honesty. And I still think that there's no one in pro-body building at Phil's level if he comes close to his best shot. Right? Yeah. I think the other interesting thing, and this is no respect to, you know, Brandon and Role and Rami and all these guys, you know, Brandon looked fantastic last year. You know, he bought him proved probably more than shit. Look how much he's improved over the last say three years. Yeah. And I think everybody's terrified of Rami. Well, I'm not sure if he can get into the country, but let's assume he gets into the country. Right. We still haven't seen the best Rami. I mean, he hasn't nailed his condition at the free judging yet period. The year that he won in, we're really Brazil, I don't know, one year. He went pretty close to being, you know, right on it as I've ever seen him. Right. But he just just seems to miss that final little peak. And he goes through the guys, you know, Brandon and his best next to Phil, he's best. I think Phil wins. Yeah. Do you think you think we'll see Rodin on stage? Apparently not, you know, reading between the lines, it doesn't look that way. And you know, that when when Jake took over the Olympia, the initial statement was, yeah, he's good to go, you know, he's innocent until proven guilty. Right. Obviously, I think they're, they're free assessed that, you know, whether it's a pro league headquarters or whether it's at the Olympia office. And so it will maybe that's just a little risky. I mean, it's a serious case in charges that he's facing, Dave. Right. And if he was to be found guilty, I don't know when he's trial is or whatever. I don't know what's taken so long. I've never seen a trial takes so long, have you? Well, I thought it was going to be in July this year, but I know over here, like, a lot of big trials have been postponed up to 12 months because of the COVID thing. And even the courts are shut here. So, you know, part of the real emergency stuff. I don't know. I think that they're probably ering on the side of caution with the whole thing. I mean, it could be a minefield if they get it wrong. And here's a bunch of feel for him. And I like sure. I think that if it was any other major sport, yeah, they probably do the same thing. You think so? If you ran bodybuilding and it was your decision to make, would you let Rodin in? It looked like I'd have to know more about the facts. There's no facts. He's accused of rape. He's going to go to trial. He's innocent of proven guilty. I don't know what the right answer. I'm just asking your opinion. Would you allow him in until he was proven guilty? Probably not. And what would be the reasoning that you would use for that? I'm just wondering, you know, to protect our sport, you know, I just think that this sport doesn't need a black eye like that. Let's say it's 50, 50. Okay, let's say it gets found innocent. I'm saying, well, come back and compete. Your rein stated right now. Right. But if he's found guilty and it's in Utah, right? Yeah. Which is like the Mormon capital of the world. Yeah. If he's found guilty, he might get what? 15, 20 years. Part of it, yeah. So the risk of having your champion guy doing 15 years for rape. I think it's it's it's too great of a risk for our sport. So if I was running the sport, you know, my thing even in the position I'm in in our sport is we don't own the sport of run the sport. We're guardians of the sport. Right. You know, you know, Joe Weeder started all this him and Ben all these years ago and Jim Manning doing fantastic job as our leader. And I think all of us in these positions, you know, even me with the director for Australia or whatever I am, it's our job to be guardians of our sport. Yeah. You know, not to make the rules, not to change the rules, but to protect. You know, what, what all of our previous people have built for us to have the life for you to do what you do and for me to do what I do. And I think you have to protect it, man. So as much as I hate that answer, that that's probably what I would do. It's just it's just it sucks for him in the sense only because because of COVID, he's also taking a financial hit too because, you know, if he was 20 years old, it would be different stories in his life. You mid 40s now, you know, he's missing the two best years of his career. You know, so it's a shame if he's innocent, it's a shame if he's guilty, then obviously he deserves to go to jail. So I mean, that's, that's the bottom one. So just just on that, you know, you know, feel, please, not up on right, right charges of Brandon Curry's not up on right charge. And, you know, I hope the guys in the center had to work. That's right for him. And like you said, and if he's not, then, well, you read what you saw. No, what? Yeah. Let me ask you all my questions. I don't mean to interrupt, but I want to get this in before I forget. I can't remember things anymore. Kai Green, you know Kai pretty well. I mean, you, you know, you've spent a lot of time with Kai. Why do you think Kai is not competing? I don't know. I don't think even Kai knows the answer to that because he gets, well, I think I think when he didn't win those two or three Olympias, where he probably should have won one, yeah. You know, I think he really thought, well, the world's against me and body would never going to let me win. Right. You know, so why bother? And then, you know, 2016 was that he came out here. He won the Arnold in Columbus, he won the Arnold here. Yeah. He won Brazil. He won two or three Arnolds a year. Yeah. And, you know, he looked unbelievable. And then, even last year, you know, when Phil wasn't competing, and you saw pictures of Kai like four weeks before the show, just looking like he always looks, you know, like a fring. Every year in Vegas, you know, a fine Kai will have breakfast or whatever. Yeah. And he'll come into wherever we're staying at six or seven in the morning. And he's absolutely drenched in sweat. And he's already done like a two hour cardio session. Right. And he's eating clean food. And he looks like he's two weeks out of stay, and he's all the time. So as a fan, man, there's nothing more I'd like to see than Kai at his best to have one more shot out of it. But for whatever reason, and I think, you know, previous to Dan taking over, he had some problems with the previous administrative. Yeah. Yeah. There's a whole, you know, you know, the backstory. There's a whole lot of it. Yeah. But now they're gone. That's why he has a perfect opportunity now to start fresh, you know? Right. Well, that's why I thought he might have stepped up last year. And then this year, I'm sure they would extend an invitation to him with that good. And they still may have been starting to sell. And Kai always looks incredible. But I think he's been able to go in different directions, because Kai works, man. I mean, he doesn't stop. He, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, I work both of us to put together. He never misses a session. He never reached crappy food. He's, you know, he's got these projects. Here with these TV appearances and movies and comic books and all the other stuff that he's working on. And then on top of that, he's suffering and company. You know, how hard that is. Yeah. How hard he works. I met. So it's very realized that he can be pretty healthy. Look absolutely insane and make more money. He, the brand, Kai Green, right? Then trying to win this sand out statuously. Yeah. I think he's a priority shift at a little from just being single minded. I have to win the Olympia to accomplish something in my life to say, well, you know what? I'm Kai Green. I don't, I don't need that either. Yeah. So, you know, more power to him. I'd love to see him there. But if that's not for him, I'd support him no matter what. Yeah. Yeah. Well, he really proud of Kai, you know, because he's doing a lot of mainstream stuff for these working with Marvel comics. He's got all this stuff going on in the background that he might, you know, crack to another level. Who knows? Yeah. That's true. That's true. Now, before I forget, the one that I think we need to discuss coming into the Olympia, because it's a wild card, it's flex Lewis. I was going to ask you that next. Right. Now, as we know, and I'm always being close with him and Neil Hill and talk to them extensively, you know, about how much weight he needs to lose to make that 2012. Yeah. And sometimes he's sacrificing, you know, 20 pound in the last two, three weeks just to make that number. For a lot of weight. And to make that weight, right? So let's say, to 12, let's say, 225. He's already in contact with shape. So the sacrificing just muscle and water to get just under that weight just for the weight. So let's say if he doesn't sacrifice that money, that weight and he gets out to, you know, 240 or something before he gets really hard and cranny as he does. Man, he is a serious contender. I mean, you look at him shot for shot with anyone. And, for, rather, he can push, I mean, I'll just say he'll be top five no matter what, but he could squeeze up. Right, fourth, third, second. Yeah. I mean, the only thing hurting him is his height, obviously. But, you know, I think that, you know, because of his grain, and that quality that he brings to the stage, he's definitely a dangerous guy. You know, how do you say it? How do you say it? I see him as dangerous. I see when you see him, when you see a guy like him next to a, you know, a brand and curing next to a rammy, these are guys that have impressive muscle, but they don't have that Dorian grain, you know, dry, you know, freaky muscle that is actually on a nice shape too. So, I think that he, he, he, he, he, he, good will beat guys that I think that a lot of people think he's not capable of beating, because when you see him next to him, you're going to be like, holy, macro. This guy is like from another planet, you know? Yep, yep. Hopefully, I've wanted him to step up. I've been doing a lot of four or five years ago we're having this discussion. And people were saying, if no, no, stay in the two, 12, that's where you're, you're best of a fact that goes for it. It's not really happening. So, I know if you watch this show, thanks. But, yeah, I'm rooting for your man. I think you're the most dangerous guy in the show. He's definitely, he definitely watching it. There's no doubt in my mind. He liked the show. Well, Tony, you know what, it was a pleasure to talk to you as always, you know, I could probably talk you for two hours and not run out of topics to discuss. Obviously, we're praying for you that they're going to open up the gyms again and that they'll, they'll pull your quarantine pretty soon. So you guys can start, you know, making money again and get back to normal and hopefully restore bodybuilding by the end of the year to its former glory over there in Australia to shame that the Arnold is not going to happen. But I think it's a realistic approach at this point, given the fact that, you know, things are still closed. Then we're coming to the end of the year already. But, hey, tough man, keep doing what you're doing and showing, living the passion for bodybuilding because, you know what, it's the guys like you and, you know, that keep the sport alive, you know, and I think a lot of people are in a very negative state and hopefully that watching this interview picked them up and made them say, you know what? I don't have it so bad either. I'm going to, you know, put my best foot forward and I'm going to try to, you know, make it work because that's all we can do, right? Yeah, thanks, Dave. You know, and with the Arnold next year, we're doing something in some fall. You know, we're just going to work at your house. So just hang tight on that one and watch that space everyone. You know, we're not going to quit. We're not going to give up when keeping encouraging people to be the best. And as I say, you know, when you get down about this, just stop and think it's just a pause. It's not the end of the world. It's just a pause that has been in some ways good for us. And enough enough can't wait to get back to normal. But, you know, a little bummed that I won't be able to come to the interview this year. Yeah, that's just a lot of hanging out with him. Hey, you got to be family over the holidays that are the most important and you're making the right decision. And I look, I've had it makes him tough decisions over the last two years, too, with the birth of new children. And I have young kids. And I know eventually I'll be back to going to the show as again at some point in the future. It's not the end of the world to miss a couple of the limpias in a couple of Arnold. So I've seen plenty of him already. And when I go back, when we're all old men, we'll have to find that these shows will toast to the fact that everything's back to normal again. And we'll talk about 2020 that year when the world was almost shut down. Right? That's the one thing we will not discuss. Fuck it. That's tough. No one will believe us. We'll be like, I wasn't that bad. We'll be like, it was that bad. It was that bad. I'm telling you. Listen, I'm taking a dive and saying everything. Thanks for everything you do. If it's the sport, I think I've been coming on, interviewing you for being interviewed by you for about 20 years and boys. But a lot of fun and mutual respect. So much love to you all. Everybody stay safe out there. We'll be back. Absolutely. Thanks Tony. And guys, that's going to take us to the end of another episode of Live with Brought to You by Species Nutrition. I'm Dave Palombo for 20 Dardi. We'll see you next time.