I'm Dave Palombo, founder of Species Nutrition. I created Species Nutrition with one mission in mind. To provide bodybuilders and serious athletes with no nonsens supplements that work and are backed by science. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body and that lives on in the Species Nutrition line of products. We use only top of the line formulations, toast from maximum results, and the best flavoring systems available. I've put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition products. If you want to be your absolute best, join the evolution. Old School Bodybuilding Clothing Company. If you wish your fancy fitness center was a hardcore gym, you are old school. If you just ate chicken and rice and are about to eat chicken and rice, you are old school. OSBBC.com for the hardest training athletes. Great again, partying, meals, and regular contributor to Rx muscle. Meal, first of all, great to have you on a second of all in 30 to 60 seconds. How would you make this country phenomenal? I'm a little bit. As I said, making insulin great again. Shram said yesterday that he's going to make insulin super cheap. I'm not just that because of all the international pharmaceuticals that can be imported for a production of the cost. Let me tell you, I had some viral thing that I was supposed to buy in the pharmacy here, and there was two gram tube. It's not that good. It's not that good. It's not that good. It's $97 for a two gram tube. It's like 30 times as a amount of gold. I say, hold on a second. This is impossible. It's become a friend in India, and he says, in India is 75 cents. One of the greatest things for us, what we believe in community, to make it great, open the borders, please. Let's pharmaceuticals from the international sources coming for the cost, what do you can buy them there? Meal, I'm going to show you this that our next panel is Tom Prince, or Dave, should they ever become president. You certainly will become a debauchable of insulin and secretary of foreign gearing just in America. We now bring in our next panel as you saw in our last week. Actually this week, we recorded in last week that two part interview, glad to have him on, has been a long time coming. Dave is wanted to get him on the show for quite some time. What do you know, we got him on for the second time now in the course of two weeks. In 1997, NPC Nationals, over a winter 2001 Olympian, of course, we are talking about Tom, Prince Tom, welcome back to RX muscle. 30 seconds, how would you make this country phenomenal again? I'm with you. I've died out of meals. This is my second one. That's me the first thing. Second thing, I'm going to piggyback on what meals. I think I'd make all forms sooner, because legal on this country. It looked like Amsterdam, doesn't. That was to let everything be legal. They've got their crime rates ridiculously low because of it. I'd start there. Other than that, I've done nothing else more. That we are good as we now go to our Cape Coral Studios, bringing Dave Palombo, Dave. I texted you last night, because of course the big news from last night was big Ronny's announcement that he's going to be competing at the IAPV European Championships on a total of 11. So exactly two weeks from now, I'm like, Dave, can you give us a quick reaction video and you're like, I'm watching this debate. It's given me a bigger headache than when I record after I've ever had it. So, you're going to last night, 60 seconds, you or your puppy, whatever you want to go with, would you make America phenomenal again? So, Tom stole my, stole his ass and where do I want it to say? Make all drugs legal. Clear out the prisons, get all the drug dealers out of there. Let them go. As long as they're not violent, it crimals. Tax everything to death. You want to do cocaine? Going to a pharmacy and buy it, but you're going to pay through the teeth. You're going to pay through the teeth, but you know it's going to be pharmaceutical great. Just like they do in Amsterdam and you go, you can buy mushrooms in the 7-11 convenience store if you want. Let everyone do whatever they want. Tax it, like you do cigarettes and alcohol. Bring that income into the country so we can offset some of our deficit and stop arresting people for drugs. Once you get, the jails are overcrowded and I know it's a big business in this country, but I think it's a complete waste of time and money. That's what I would do without a doubt, make steroids legal. They get everything legal. Just allow people to go buy it in a store where it's regulated. So the people who have to worry about, you know, hey, I wonder if the guy who made this in his bathroom actually used sterile technique because that's where we're at at this point. So not only is there, we make criminals out of people who are just, you know, want to go to the gym and work out, but we're also, you know, we're putting their health at risk because they got to use, you know, underground stuff. It's crazy. And I think that the drug situation is not, you know, if you look at Amsterdam, they don't have any crime is almost zero there. And even if prostitution is even legal there, why is that? Does obviously a reason because people, there's no criminals when you don't, when all the criminal activity that normally would take place is now legal to do. So I, I think that that would be my platform as well. Now we transition into the bodybuilding portion of the show for those watching, we're going to have some fun with this. Obviously, whether you're on the Republican side of the Democratic side somewhere in the middle, let's have some fun with it. If we're not laughing about last night or about what's going on in the country in general, then what are we doing? Let's talk train. Something that we like to talk about on the show is especially when it comes to different nuances of training, different styles of training, training between the 90s era, which we loved to discuss. And obviously, the glorious bodybuilders that came out of that era, and then of course, today. And the evolving forums of training. So Tom Prince, we're going to go to you first on this one because what we want to get from you and we usually when we bring on high profile guests, we want to get the there style of training, what they prefer, what made them successful during the career, when you look back at your career, what would you define as your style of particular training? I had, you know, pretty, it's a pretty straightforward. It's, I don't want to say simple, but most of those all just basic exercises doing three sets per exercise, four exercises per body part. That was almost true for every single body part. I know that my followers and back might have been five movements for three sets or 15 sets, but everything else was literally 12 sets. Rep range is always in the five to eight range for the most part. If I could go back and edit myself all these years later, I probably would have a few more and now I'll say 25% of my workouts would have been in the 12 to 15 rep range. I didn't, I kept it all heavy. That's why my joints are just all just right now, but as far as building muscle does, I thought that was a great way to do it. Only did four straps on the third set of every, on the third set of every movement. So on sets, whatever you do, in time just press, you only do four straps on the last set. All the other sets were two failure and by two failure I meant until the muscle didn't move. For example, if you're doing like a dumbbell curl, that means you're doing as many reps as you can do with whatever weight. And then if you can only do like 75% of a rep to do 50% of a rep, 25% of a rep, you're moving it three inches to it just one inch until a little bit until the weight doesn't move. That's what two failure means. You know, you never just say I'm going to do 10 reps, do it, stop and then when you've cut it out in another three reps, ever. That's a complete waste of time. Like I said, did your point would do either four straps, you know, or drops at the third set of every final set of never movement that I did? Meals, it's good to be because first one, quick primer just in terms of the prime of your career, what your preferred method was. But more importantly, because right now you are a very sought after coach. We've seen you go, you know, different parts of the row. You see, you go to China. Whenever we try to get you on the show, your calendar is completely booked up. When you train your clients, do you have a particular pattern that you like to go with or is there more of a base of what it is that they can do, what works best for them approach? Well, you know, let's define what is best of them. We all want to define this maximum stimulation, you know, for each master group when you're trained. So I understand Tom was a old school guy. He was just going very heavy, very heavy. Because that was a trend. I mean, a Dorian Yates, you know, I've achieved what your chimney did. He's doing methods, right? So I run the common, go ahead, go home and moving some crazy pounders. We've seen for me, I was maybe fortunate that early in my career. First time I stepped in the gym and I said that to the pitch coach, I'm about to bring a lot of time back in a day. I remember watching two guys, one was benching over 200 kilos, which is 400, 40 pounds, right? And I had literally no chance. And then I had the guy next to him 80 pounds, 80 kilos, 180 pounds, with the chest like that. And you know, so imagine kid coming into the gym and seeing this kind of stuff, the cocaine, right away, little confused because you expect a stronger guy to have a more muscle mass. And then fortunately, this guy was also very good friends with the surgeon, Brake. I was in the brain, being one of my favorite bodybuilders. And if you remember his physique, especially his chest, chest was like, that tool, my bubbling stride, and you know, popped the bottom, he says the surgeon, Brake, even though he could have benched, well over 500 pounds, never, ever, ever bent over 220, 500 kilos in the training. So this is how I started. And I said first, I was introduced to this heavier, it's not necessarily better. And then being from a medical family and my father, my other sister, they were all being a doctors. My father told me from very beginning, like, listen, popped shot because of a young guy, I just want to leave heavier, silky. Your body is not designed for this kind of pounding. And they have to leave it up to here. Your muscles, my handle is a tendency of looking at it and it's going to go. It's not a question if but when. And interestingly, even Tom in this short interview said, yeah, he's joined a trash. You know, look at Ronny Coleman in the Jordanian age, right? The muscle pairs and ligaments and tendons injuries just waiting to happen. And let's touch a subject of a greatest bodybuilder. I think nowadays, that's the Jackson who at the age of 50 is still improving and why he is doing because he's training safely. So to answer your question, we're not having a very, very minute debate. I believe in combining sexual plasma hypertrophy. Sorry, it's kind of pump training with a lighter weight, with a my fiber, heavy weight. When your body is ready for a couple of sets and Tom said, you know, maybe pushing to the limit, go to those four straps, you know, try to go above what is usual. And on that note, I just want to mention, few days ago I've seen a hand to the brother, stating something that is very true. This is almost every workout he does is exactly the same. It's not the fancy, it's not the advanced, he just got progressive overload. Same exercise right to do with the more weight. And of course, look at him. I mean, he's a confinano. So it is not one way to get to Rome, right? There's many different ways. You know, Hunter is still young, okay? Maybe he would tell him to slow down a bit, like my father told me, he best to get to know me to back off from heavy weights because he says when you jump from a hydrized building and you're falling down, he feels great until you hit the floor. Then you know, you did too much. So I would like training smarter rather than harder and heavier. It was going to you quick touch on this one as far as obviously we know your style was heavy low reps. But now when you look at your clients and what you advise them, we'll kind of approach you suggest. You know, I think that one of the aspects of training that we have to take into account is genetics because, you know, we mentioned Serge Newbry, we know he trained for out. He would train five hours, you know, Chris the suitor used to tell me. You know, just a lot, not heavy weights, but he would just train like repetitively. Anyone else did that, they would probably lose all their muscle. You know, Dexter Jackson is a genetic freak. He probably can do anything he does just to stimulate the muscle cause his growth. So you know, meal us as approach is completely scientifically sound and logical, but I know for a lot, I don't think someone with my genetics would have ever put on the amount of muscle, the sheer muscle mass, and probably Tommy, because that don't think we're just big guys by nature. I think it was the progressive overload of heavy free weights that enabled us to get that big, you know, combined with food and drugs obviously. But the point is that you really need, if you look at the guys that train the heaviest, they got that dense, deep muscle. Are you more prone to injuries and possibly later in life? You know, joint problems? Absolutely. I mean, I got double shoulder replacement. I know Tom's going to have to get one pretty soon when they want to acknowledge it or not. It happens, but it was worth the sacrifice for me because that's I wanted to be the best at what I was doing at the time. And so I was willing to push the envelope. Now, if you have the genetics to be able to do anything and not, you know, not injury yourself. And you still hate, I don't think Phil trains particularly heavy, but he grows. So there's no reason to do it yourself at risk and lift the critical, so you have the weight if you can grow the one lighter weights, because that's just logic, right? I think the change in physique's a lot also had to do with nowadays guys love machines. I think back in the 80s and 90s and even obviously in Arnold's day, there was only free weights. Every with different free weights. And I think free weight development gave you a better, more complete round look to your body. I think today, guys are not everyone, but there's a lot of guys out there to just lack to something like missing it. They're big, but they don't really have like a, like a, I don't know, like a well, grainy, developed, deep, grooved body. And I think that's because they don't, people don't want to train free weights anymore. They're, it's easier to train with machines. There's a lot of machines available at every gym. You could put a lot of weight on the machine, but you just don't get the same look. So I still believe in, in heavy free weight movements, especially early in your career when you're building your base of muscle. Once you've got the muscle, you can incorporate more machines. You can incorporate, look, I probably, like I actually did lighten the weights up because I had injuries later in my career. But I think as you get older in your body, going to bring you already packed on the mass, you have, you can start focusing more on squeezing and doing, you know, higher reps because at this point now, you're not looking to put mass of amounts of muscle on. So I think that you have different stages of your career initially free weight, you know, heavy movements are probably the right way to go. And then as you're getting bigger and more in your body is maturing, you don't really need mass of amounts. The muscle, but quality changes, then you can start using machines and targeting type of certain things. I wanted to ask me, this one question though. Meal, we put up a video and I saw a video of you training Arnold Sun, Joe by Joseph by Anna. How is it? What was that like? Was that just like a goof? I do training them on a regular basis. No, no, no, no, no. We were training in the same gym and he was doing squats and then of course he was doing a giant set. So you know, my training part of the cellicule and a joint in and he never did, by cellicule, you know, your father was into giant set. I mean, first time I probably heard about the giant set was Arnold mentioning over some giant set. Okay, so what is that? You know, so I put him through, it was fun. But you know, just to get on your topic here, I absolutely listen, respect both you and calm you guys on the match monsters and you can see you have that heavy weight and muscle, mostly wall training. You know, so it's all of us, you have to respect that. And yet by all means, you know, you don't have to reinvent the wheel. We know basic movements. I agree with you. Three weights, nothing replaces three weights. I mean, if you're just telling me, just the machines or just the free weights, just one another, then I would choose it free weights. Because because there is basic movements, your whole body is involved, stabilizing, not realizing muscle, so that it belongs to the groups. You have to feel the weight, the height, the weight. Right? My machines, like I said when John Brown did the other day, it was John Ray and so he goes to the gym and look at his whistleblowers. They do like, you know, I think that is, you know, I mean, I do agree to the, you know, some my master connection and isolating the muscle. Of course, but you have to fight the weight. It's not like a posing session with whatever you're holding. So, therefore, I'm sure that you guys thumb, you know, all the basics, you know, squats, and leg presses and overhead presses, bench presses, bend over rows, you name it every free weight as a set as you can possibly do, get your base. And then as you guys were growing, you don't have a reason to change, right? So that's become your training style. So, you know, from my side, even I heard Tom said that maybe if he would start it again, maybe he would involve his thumb, other lighter sets, 15 reps because he was going 08 to 08, 5 to 8, which is super, super heavy. So, Dorian himself also, you know, mentioned that he was probably changed by implementing more sets and maybe not go ahead as heavy. So, I just think that combining both, some heavy duty, you pushed the limit, but then after whether you change it to the drop sets, drop sets, you know, changing the tempo, peak contraction. So, just, there is no reason, okay, it's not to be fancy to be different, it's in lacking the language, very active, is the lectant, variety is delightful. So, why would you do the same thing over and over and over? It's like, excuse me, I'm going to again put the sexual connotation to this. If you want to have sex, I don't just submission to the style, you want to change the position. No, no, let's just go with the basic. Well, I'll show you, there's, you know, it's a much more to it, you know, if you want to have a different feeling. So, this is how I approached, but it is not different in exercise for a sake of being innovative, that you actually have a child and thought how good that feels, you know, by substrates it, whatever. So, this is why I like to open minds and put them on like supersets, reset giants, change the tempo, angle, grip, stance, and just, you know, make them stimulate because muscle is adaptive. If I get you out of your zone, for example, now, if I would change with both you and calm back in a day and I know that you got some monsters, okay, I would get you out of the element after you do your heavy and I would put you through my giant sets and insist on that we go to the failure with a lighter weight. And you would get the absolute crazy pump. I don't know if you've seen the video I chained on one by hand, they have to the bag of show and a video chest and in a pretty much his statements, if he's never touched this pump in his life. Well, my idea is every time across the foot in the gym to get out of that, to have an absolute crazy pump where I could possibly achieve. And you're just saying to give it to give the muscle a new stimulus. Yes, it's just another way to stimulate the muscle, find a different way to stimulate it to, hey, you know, there's more than one way to grow a muscle, find a different way to stimulate. You know, so like what you said about when the use machines to, and both of you guys did, you know, you did, did you solve three weights on all the basic stuff, you know, incline about about duct flat, dumbbell presses, you know, dumbbell flies. Usually, when I got to the fourth exercise, it was usually machine, because I thought you got on it, so I'd get a greater range of motion, you know, using the seated pectx, like the work, you know, sitting the other way through a chest and the reverse del machine. You know, you just can't get stretched that far back and nor if you're using a dumbbell, you know, can you push all the way through to your hands or together with tension, like you can on the other way in a rear-dumb machine, you know, so you're, in a zone of way, that's its own stimulus, different than a machine. So you're trying to get the best of both worlds with those. But let's, let's, let's, I want to ask me also question, I said for, why do you think it is a meal us, and it could be, the answer could be genetics, but why is it that some guys, and I've seen top pros do this, where they do partial reps, you know, you see them doing like, they don't even touch their chest with the bar when they're doing bench pressing, and they got these humongous monster packs there, and, you know, most of us, if we ever did that, we would have no development on our chest. You think that's a genetic thing, or do you think it's a, it's a, it's a mind muscle connection that some people just have, they can, they can benefit from, you know, partial, you know, range. Yeah, you see, I did it with you, and I even made those comments, they taught partial movement, partial development. Yeah. And then like you said, you see, Ronnie Coleman does the kill the press, is this thing, or, uh, press for, yeah, yeah, friends, what I mean, max shots, watch him, he was doing like, you know, a few inch movement, and, uh, who am I to jump in, I say, I don't know, you're doing it wrong, right? It's, when he's on, uh, like, 100 times bigger than me, you know, the greatest thing is every time when I put some training video, there is some pencil next, they would always tell me, you're doing it wrong. Just like, would I, would I have a, got to tell to the, uh, rottenly Coleman and say, you're doing it wrongly, he has a three times a month of much for the I did, but yeah, genetic, but his inception, not the rule. Yeah, he's the, the option, not the rule. That's what you're saying. Yeah. No, but yeah, the, the there's question is, do I think it's rubbed genetics, or, uh, maybe freaky ability of those people that even in that, uh, parts of range of movement, they do, they do put the load on a muscle, therefore, the stimulates and therefore, they reach the failure. So, you know, they, they, they, they accomplish the job, read out, needing to go the full range of motion. But now the question is, what would it happen if they do full range of motion? Would they get additional growth? That's the question. You know, yeah, this is what I think would happen, but they're genetically, also, you know, you're writing about, when I look at maybe your bone structure, you know, you're just whole physique. What, you look to me, like you are built genetically for a carry weight, right? Right? And you have like, guys, like, let's say, John Brown or let's say Flex Wheeler, and you see the, the guys with the, you know, thinner joints and small bones and wrists and all that stuff, you would think if I load this guy with a like a 600 pounds quad, he's going to break. You know, so, so it is a lot, you know, about genetics, but one thing because I'm reading a lot of these streets that you're in that is constant in the cabinet, you know, you read such, I don't know, if you're seeing about the hyper trophy that you don't really necessarily have to go to the failure. And, you know, you don't necessarily have to go with the happy load and you create just like, if you're in the volume, it's going to be pretty much the same. And then I remember, when I talked to Bill Pearl back in the day, and Bill Pearl was saying, why fail in anything? I mean, take that word failure out of your vocabulary, why fail? The girl, okay? And then Lee Hanyan is, you know, there was, don't, uh, annihilate, just stimulate. And when you look at him, I mean, Lee Hanyan was the master of a time, right? In 80s, he was my mubgling tool heavy round, you know, the most muscular guy, and he didn't go anything super, particularly heavy. You know, so there is that question, but, so what I'm suggesting is, like you to keep your head is stuck by own means, but experiment with the pump and that sector plasma, uh, high-pensure feed that you just, you know, push the blood, push the blood, and then we're dead, you and I talked about about the insulin and product oxygen, hydremia, the energy heated, you know, and then see what happens. Yeah. But let's get into the cross of the wall we're here to discuss and, you know, all of that on this show and often throughout the course last year, you know, in body-building narratives, right? There's always the comparison between how things are done now back in the day, particularly in the 90s, and, you know, the topic of training often comes up because there is the, you know, debate as far as different training styles, different intensity, volume, whatever you want to call it. Now, Tom, you were on the show with Dave last week and you're talking about the importance of training. You know, we have had this question on ass-dave as well, like the chicken of the egg, right? What comes first? Is it the training? Is it now, I guess, the increase usage of whatever supplements that you're going to use? Obviously, there's this diet aspect of it as well. But Tom, let's talk, the importance of training as he equates to the overall equation of the body-building puzzle in your opinion, where does it fall at? One, two, or three, the routine that somebody has to go through in order to get their physique to the point where they're able to add all three components together to build that kind of a physique. You know, I tested this. I took an egg, I took an egg, it bottle of testosterone and put our plate in the middle of my kitchen table and looked at it and nothing happened. So without being in the gym, nothing happened. Okay, so I'm going to be the way for that. I do that all three things are divided up about equally. I guess in my head, I would say that the gear is the smallest thing. I don't care who you are. Genetically, if you don't have it in genetically, you don't know how to train hard, then I don't care how many millions of dollars, not nothing anybody's doing that. You can throw out whatever money you want at it. It's never going to be there. Genetically, you've got to have some sort of natural genetic kind of action for it. But I think the training is everything. The training and then learning how to learn how to eat right. Those two are equally important. I see those two are about 40, 40 by percent each. You know, the food thing, I like the analogy of building the house. You know, if you're building the house and you're using the the shittiest materials, you know, what's your house going to look like? You know, right, if you want like big concrete bricks, you want, you know, the best wood, the best whatever, everything, travel team tile, whatever you're going to use. You're going to have a better look in house. You know, so the better you can learn how to eat, you know, the better quality protein use, the better the house is going to look. You know, so the training's got to be, you've got to learn how to train and like, show you the right way. That's 45 percent of the food. Is the other 45 percent. And that might be the biggest thing, the hardest thing for people to do with the eating part. You know, I know what training you can be eating the gym for two hours a day, but it's still only two hours a day, even if it's six days a week. You know, for me, it would have been three hours a day, six days a week. Because I turned twice a day, but the food part, those, you know, the six meals a day, you know, that never ends. That's six days that seven days a week for 16 years. You know, that, I understand that's a, that's a big commitment for a lot of people. I'm not that everybody's going to be a pro, but it is a big commitment to, you know, hey, that's a food to be super important or such a long period of time. And that's really, I think we're you know, me, the question that we got specifically on our show asked me a couple of weeks ago was that there are body builders right and again, the original poster it basically laid it out to look. I've been dieting, I've been training, but until I was enhanced, you know, I didn't really realize my full potential. And then he's like, I look back at the period where I was not enhanced. And I think a lot of body builders can speak to this. He felt that it was a quote, waste of time in a sense to that, what do you say? And then in your overall equation, because again, when we think about Milo Sarsev, obviously today, the narrative is that, you know, you're known for your your protocols. So in that light, what would you say as far as the question that you're from equation? Do you see the seven months for a product? I train seven years, uh, a drop free, you know, seven years, uh, a directory and then I agree with Tom, I mean, when you put it, uh, like this, training, uh, nutrition and, uh, from ecology, from ecology comes last. I wouldn't say just 10% would say a little bit more, but uh, uh, something got my attention also. He said he trained twice a day. And we heard about heavy five to eight reps, uh, for different advertisers, you know, so many sets. This is, uh, an answer to all this, the cry babies, overtraining, you know, don't do it. You know, everything that I was training, I was training, uh, 550 times a year in average for 15 years straight. I was training like Tom twice a day, you know, six days a week, you know, pretty much so, uh, and also I would say, uh, because, uh, not people in the beginning, back in the 80s and 90s and nowadays, it's not the same. I do think that guys, like they fall on the, um, Tom Prince, trained hell of a much harder than nowadays. Nowadays is what they're down and like you say, you show up in a gym, many gym don't even have a, uh, in that three weeks. They have a little bit of like well, bench running, client one, this square track and some of that and then shit load of the, you know, machines. So back in a day, you'll go into the hardcore gym, you pick up the barbell, you know, you're laying on the bench and you do, you have to stop. But, uh, okay, now that's a go back to what you're saying, uh, people are saying wasting time without the ball. You get to a certain level. I mean, of course, look, look, I do believe that Ronnie Coleman was a drag tree until like 2005. I have a computer to him, 2001 to the people five and then sticks and I've seen the difference. I do believe that a Kai Green was also a drag tree until that New York show at Billion, 2007. And then you see what was the next step. You know, so let's not bullshit people around. It's impossible to reach a limpio level to physique, be that enhancement. But now, there is a right way to do it and it's a stupid way to do it. I keep saying this, if you do reasonable cycle and if you consider that on the ball, it's a medicaments, not drugs. If, like you said, we can legalize all the pharmaceuticals and you don't have to have a underground labs. You can have a pharmaceutical grade, you know, cream Ebola and a muster on and, you know, the insurer, whatever else from whatever country and you know what you're taking is real and you take a right dosage and you have a doctor's recommendation and, uh, uh, the supervision. You can enhance your help. Let's say, on the ball experience, uh, increase constructive metabolism, not destructive. They have built things, right? They're not breaking down. They're always in every time and they're in the insurer. They say, oh my God, you're promoting this dangerous destructive drugs. They're not the, the word is anabolic to read it, read the induction. What does it mean? Constructing metabolism. The medicaments have given to the patients. Oh, what? The insurer, they have burnt the dying, they are weak. The muscle vacancies is HIV, anything? Protects you to recover replenish. So if you use anabolic wisely, you can enhance the help. And not just that you can counteract that crazy pounding, the dump prints, uh, the diploma of myself who were putting our bodies for 20 years in a gym, you know, picking up heavy weights, you know twice a day for, for all and a half to hours and then, it's, a body is not designed for that. So you can protect it by actually having a clinical, a clinical, a drick-off and hasmin and now. Dave, what's the problem with the, I'm sorry, we're, just it's not the waste of time, I think that everybody should push their body to the limit, naturally. And then, you know, they want to reach the top professional level of world class. They absolutely have to consider it. Get as much out of your base, not to carry out. So if it gives much out of your base as you can, you grow naturally for a number of years. You know, I mean, I don't know if you can do it for 10 years. I can eventually, you will get to a point where the more you make gains, the harder it is to keep making gains. You know, the human body doesn't have an unlimited amount. A muscle is component. But so if you want to push past where your body on your own way, put on, then that's when you might introduce the gear. I think, you know, to me, like, if you're, if you're starting up taking gear within that first year, all you'll do is do what your body would have done naturally. I think that's a complete waste of time. And you never look right. The muscle never has like that hard dense look, it never looks. Like, it's got any kind of maturity to it. You know, basically it just looks like a water balloon blow to the hour. And as soon as you're caught training, you know, they'll go like that too. You know, you'll lose it. And you know, they, the, the end of the one that introduced you because again, you answered this question on ass day, a couple of weeks ago, I want to ask you this person, I'm going to go around the horn and this one. You know, we talk about obviously influence for social media in bodybuilding today. And I'm not saying all this is a blame social media, but what I am saying, there's a lot more information at our fingertips now. And I think now because, you know, the, the bodybuilders of today have so much a flood of information on protocols and, you know, to the point where, again, there is that temptation. Well, even if somebody's not restart genetic potential, naturally, we're just going to take that step anyway. How much, weight do you put on that? And again, if you want to give a primer as far as sort of ranking that equation between training, stop training that mellows just talk about in this last answer and putting it all together to build a an Olympia level or it cools to that bodybuilding physique. Look, I'm, I'm agreeing, I'm really with what these guys are saying. And, and what I've seen in my own body, I've seen a guy green. I've seen the guys, you know, look at, um, Keon Pearson, who was an actual up until a year ago. When you train your body to the level where it can't go any further naturally. And I took my body fell, I trained for like five years naturally. And I couldn't gain any more weight. Like, I couldn't eat any more food. It didn't matter how much food ate, my body just burned it up. I, I couldn't put more muscle on it. I hit my, my genetic limit at about two hundred eighteen pounds. Okay. The second I started doing gear, it was a very weak cycle. Like, pre-mobile and a winch. I just my body exploded because I had very well trained muscle. I had maximized myself naturally and my, and I put on a hundred pounds in five years. I mean, that's a lot of muscle. That's 20, an average of 25 pounds a year. So, it worked. Okay. I've seen it happen with other guys like high green and ramyan. And, and I'm not, not just genetic freaks. Guys that train actually for like a really long time. And then they take gear, even if they don't take a lot, they don't even have to. They just grow. It's like, there's something there that they've created that enables their body to go beyond what the people who just start out taking gear, go with them. Because they seem like they hit a plateau and then they don't go beyond that. I see a lot of guys that haven't taken gear their whole life. And they grew when they were younger and then they just never ever put anymore muscle on. Now, I don't, I don't know what the exact mechanism of why that is. But it's just, it's just a known fact that steroids work better on unwell-trained muscle. I don't know why. I, you know, I'm the science that I like to quantify. I'm not really sure. So, I can't even answer to that question. But I do know it just empirically, what I see. So, the best, my best suggestion would be, train naturally. Learn how to eat first. Tom made a very, very good point that a lot of people do not understand. If you don't consume enough protein and you don't consume enough of the other stuff, essential fats and enough carbs to fuel your workouts so that you, the protein and fat will get used for building muscle in energy. If you don't do that every single day, day in, day out, if you can't perfect the eating part of it and you're like, oh, I was just wasn't hungry or I missed a few meals. I had to go to a meeting. If you can't figure out a way to never miss a meal, you'll never make the, but you'll never make the gains that you see people reporting like, oh, like they plumber game 30 times a muscle one year. You can't do that unless you're perfect, okay? And the, body building is a sport of, of, perfectionism, it's a sport of OCD, anal-retentive, mental focus that is every single day of your life. It's not like, you don't have seasons, you don't have like on and offs. It's always being on your game. And so you have to not only like the sport, you have to love the lifestyle. If you're not that kind of mindset that where you can do things on such an OCD, you know, focused basis like that, then you're gonna, you're not gonna be the best body builder. You're gonna fail. Now, you could might have great genetics. We see this all the time. How many great genetic guys out there that we always say, hey, this guy can go all the way and then he never does. Because they didn't have the mindset that, that, that, that work ethic to go along with the Ronnie Dorian. I'll use Ronnie better, because Ronnie had the genetics, you know, to do whatever he wanted. But he also had that crazy mindset. That's why he became the best ever. Had he not had that mindset, he might have been great, but he might not have been the greatest ever. You know, so it's a combined effort. You know, the drugs definitely will facilitate you getting to that next Olympia level and they're important, of course. But the food and the training are probably the two pillars that if you don't perfect those first, you'll never, the drugs won't do it. The drugs are not gonna get you to that next level. You got to have two solid foundations first. Can I, can I, can I, can I think about just one small thing? Yeah, just I'm just, I mean, I don't think I'm saying anything different than David, but the, the, one of my favorite things I used to use is seminars was in bodybuilding. If you want to be a good competitive bodybuilder, good great Olympia level, whatever, bodybuilding doesn't just happen. Okay, not any different than if you say, you know, like I don't want to, you know, I don't want to go jogger on the block a couple of times and end up in the Olympics. No, right, you're not, that doesn't happen. You're not going to go out for a couple of blocks on your neighbor and from my own here and there, and never, would be in a great runner. You know, David used to be a runner, I'm sure you're trying to tell you this. You know, but you, right, you want to be great at anything, you're going to devote an unbelievable amount of time, physically mentally, you know, and in your kitchen, you know, being a great bodybuilder. Doesn't matter what it is that you want to be great at. You're going to have to, you know, you got to be slightly neurotic about her. You're going to be slightly obsessed, slightly focused about her. But you loved it, Tom, didn't you? You loved all that obsessiveness about it, right? I loved it. I attracted you. Yeah, yeah, I loved it. If you don't love doing that, then you're not going to be successful at it because you have to be, you have to love it, otherwise you'd never be insane enough to do that. Hey, if you listen to Howard Stern talking his radio show, he talks about what he went through to make it to where he finally got to be an upper level guy. And he went to all the small, you know, BS smaller cities, going to Hartford, going to Cleveland, going to, you know, doing like these little rickety radio shows until he finally started to make it. You know, well, by the time other people see you start to make it, 10 years has gone by. Hey, yeah. You know, what's the same? He's trained for seven, 10 years on his own, trained in natural. Nobody sees that stuff. Right. You know, they only, you know, when they see me, the first time he's in America, they see my god, this guy's an overnight sensation. But I think I'm going to be in the physical arts. Well, yeah, but you missed the first, you missed the first decade that he killed himself in the gym. Right. You know, that, that part bugs me about a lot of people taking, I can just drug my way or gear my way, you know, to a great physique. Well, I mean, I was the, the reason I want to refocus this on one particular area of this, but we know today, we had this discussion as well. Today's bodybuilders train hard. They train discipline. We get all of that. But, you know, again, someone like you look similar to Dave, you both come from a medical background. You coming from a family of doctors. So, again, your understanding of protocols and someone to the discussion about protocols and today's bodybuilding. And again, I go back to, you know, the information that are now at the fingertips of bodybuilders. Nobody's saying they don't train as hard. Nobody's saying they don't train as long. But there is much more of that discussion of what peptides are available, what protocols are available to stoster on those who just are available now to you. Back in the day, in the 90s, maybe in the 80s, when that kind of information was not as readily available. Do you feel as if there was maybe a touch less of an emphasis on the protocols as there might be today? Yeah, absolutely. And we talked about this. There was too much information now. Yeah, so, again, I bring up our show at stake. You look at about 35 to 40% of the questions that we get asked are hardcore, hardcore drugs, drug related questions. That PD question. I mean, again, that's something that, again, people see Dave as an expert in that. So, they want to ask those questions, not saying that, but sometimes even lead police or poke fun at some of the comments in that thread saying that like, all right, you have some who maybe have touched a wait for a year or so, and now they want the hard work. If one more person asked me about cruising, I don't know if Tom knows what that is. Everyone's cruising. No one goes on. I can put you through. I just put you on two together. They cruise. They cruise and I just don't know what you're off for. No, but we're off. Everyone cruises now, man. Yeah, that's okay. Yeah, to ask if it's a deep. Absolutely positive. Medium percent, right now, all these emphasis on new songs and peptides and those edges never get off cruise and cruising levels are much higher than Dave Tom. My self-free pre-sumension did it for a limp or national preparations. Dave, you talked to the audience. I remember talking to the audience back in a day and I'm a hundred percent sure that his genuine is not lying, because he told me his cycle several times. There was always, you know, very accurate. And it was like, let's say, three parable and a week, the 76 milligrams at the time, right? That would be the highest, those, I mean, if you, right now, you mentioned that the upper cycle of the five years of not training and all the training and not doing anything, then you did the set three-mobile on and something else and you just said it's loaded. Those edges were quite minimal. I'm sure that Tom did that as well. I remember 2006, you know, all these forums like, I think that's a kind of button that comes, they're talking dealers would make up the stories that whatever provided build it is doing, you know, 10,000 milligrams of this or that. You know, so if you want to be like him, you should do it like that. Therefore, they can sell more drugs. If I tell you, take 150 milligrams of something a week or 15 hundred milligrams, I just made a 10 times a sale, right? So this is where you came about and I do remember, still there in 2006, I went on the get big that kind of selling it. Listen guys, please don't listen to this idiots. Here is one Olympia cycle and I posted Olympia cycle at 12 weeks, many cycles, changing for one thing and other. And about 75% of the people are starting to feel fucking liya bullshit, you know, get lost, you know, because they don't want to hear this. So I mentioned in the 10 minutes ago that anabolic series, if you used wisely, can contribute an enhanced care health, definitely contribute to your physical and the scalability. But if there is certain point of why push it, which does because it's expected, I don't have in the preparation for the contest. I don't use everything that is on the list. You know, now there's, you expect if you're in the contest, you need to take carried and feed three people and computer all the course and maybe you can be. And then, you know, add this, add that, this type of that type of an average, you don't need to. You design a cycle and then according to, okay, you need to bring up a little bit more benefit, maybe we include this one or that one, adjust the calories, you know, increase the cardio, but pharmacologically, there's a small little contributions to what I see now because then like you, I have a lot of clients that maybe change the coaches and then they came to me and then they gave me the previous cycle. It's like, oh my god, there's not one thing that is not done that list, you know, because, yeah, I guess they should post the takin. I did disagree with that. So, so that information overload and then comes as a missing information. Yes, there's so much missing information on the internet, people posting, you know, because let's say, if right now, I would design some new peptide, I'm going to have a good marketing team and we're going to have some doctors, some valid athletes, stuff like that, just crazy about it. I'm from Europe. So, in Europe, when the check to set something Americans have a secret and this is that and then you come to America, oh, Russians are these three Europeans, they have a secret and then you solve this, there's no secret, you know, there is a hard training like we talk about it, there's a meticulous nutrition, you know, probably overfeeding. I mean, even Dave said that he couldn't anymore, right? You kept that. I was forced feeding myself, you know, basically forced feeding myself. But again, even though the many people are putting label on me, that I'm next from to die, because they look so unhealthy at age of 56, you know, they were just expecting to drop that, I think to not come to good, I looked healthier than most of my generation, I feel, you know, how much better than them, because most of them, you know, never exercise and they just go on to go life. So, if he used anabolic series wisely, I promise he can enhance your health. I don't know, Dave, I'm going to put you on a spot because he probably, right now, you're not even on a TRF, right? No, nothing. Is this any particular reason for it? My testosterone level is a 550, I feel good. Oh, oh, so you have no reason? I mean, I'm not on the high normal, but I feel good. The sex drive is good. I feel good. My blood pressures normal control. So I think, you know, why, why mess with the perfection? I'm not trying to get any bigger. If I didn't feel good, me alone, if I didn't have like a lot of energy, and I thought like it wasn't recovering, I would absolutely be on HR too. But, you know what, I don't even sleep a lot because I think I got three young kids. If I was sleeping eight hours a night, I probably would even be better, you know, you know. So once in a while I got a drink a little cup of coffee, you know, like to get through a day of taping here at the studio, because it's just something that's sleeping enough. But I, on a regular basis, feel really good. So I don't see a reason to do it. You know? Yeah. That's just a question. That's perfectly. Plus, you know, and I've talked about this. I have an aortic aneurysm too. Like I have an in large a order. So I mean right now it's being watched. So I think, you know, why why even, you know, put any strain on anything and any organ system at this point? Because I don't want to have to get surgery and get a fix up. I'm, I'm like stabilized now. So I'm three, you know what? Why push the envelope doing anything? Because I know what'll happen. If I go on HRT, I'll gain 15 pounds of muscle, you know, from that. Just from just from that happening. You know, it's it. There is a pharmacological effect from HRT from hormone replacement therapy dosages. If you're on nothing and you take 200 milligrams a week, you know this, you did your first cycle probably 200 milligrams a week. You grow. You definitely grow even though your levels might be high normal. You still put muscle on. There's a pharmacological effect from exogenous testosterone, just like you point out that there's a pharmacological effect from exogenous insulin. Even if you just restore normal sugar balance, you body. That's a, yeah. A time. Yeah. Oh, I, I, I, you're on the, the, I think. Oh, Todd, there's even a good in the gym. All right, exactly. I'm doing push ups. I'm doing push ups and synops and home. That's all I'm doing. You probably grow a ton. You, you're like a freak that you, if you went to the gym, you'd probably put 20 pounds of muscle on, you know, even with the dialysis you're doing, you know you would. You know, when a couple years ago, like I stopped training a couple years ago, but a, a through like when I was 45, 46, 47, like I, I used to have a my own little personal mantra, which was if you can't be huge, you gotta be lean. Right. So it's gotta be one of the two. It's either big or four percent body fat. Then the, the small fat shit. Yeah. That's out. Yeah. You know, so, so what I do was keep myself at about 195, 200 pounds and super super lean. Right. We want to eat it like that, like two years ago. Right. When I got back to Italy, it would from Italy, I had no reason to keep training. So I just said, it's correct.