Welcome back to Iron Rage, the show, our John Romano-Lee priest and I, event our frustrations with the world. I told Lee to late to come on the show and for actually with the time difference he's training at the gym, but he's a Johnny's very happy that, you know, we kind of hinted that Lee was going to be coming back in 2020 and people are really taking it seriously and I think Lee's taking it seriously now. I think so too and it's good, you know, out of all of these athletes that make their comeback, you know, first of all, Lee's already done it and he won the universe. Okay. So Chuck number one up for Lee and Fred Lee is a freak man. There's no reason why he can't come back and, remember we always talked about seeing Lee in in in in 2012, 2020, 24, whatever it is today, you know, he clean that shit up. So for a guy, his size of always only competed in the open against guys like NASA and the lead and the, the Dorian and the J collar, everybody, he competed with the biggest of the best ever and did pretty damn well. So I'm looking forward to this. So this is really true if he gets all this next stuff straightened out and his good arm ends up looking up as good as his bad arm. I'm all I'm down with Lee, pretty, man, that's good. That's going to be great. Blacken to my mortgages house to like to try to finance, you know, signing Lee one last time. Yeah, I always believed in you. He might get one more contract out of blacken after all, so I'm not. I'm a star adding again, you'll come back. I'll bring you back. I'll have to use his inheritance, but it will be worth it to see. Did the mother ever die, is she still alive? I don't know, you think they probably have more money coming. Maybe when he gets a second inheritance, you know. Yeah, when she goes, there's like another like 3, 400 million to split up. Oh wow, so then he might be able to be back in business. Maybe that's what he's waiting for. I think though, I mean, you know, prudent financial planning that that stuff's probably been. I'm sure Jenny and Jordan, I know they already have their trust funds. They're probably going to get another, you know, distribution, the other kids. Hopefully you guys got to be a little slush fund though, John, for bodybuilding. I'm sure if there's a way for him to divert some money away from a leases. It's like selling alarms to the Iran conference, right? He's always going to trade. It's like how the Mexicans get cash out of Mexico in the United States. It's like if you have a million pesos and you want to convert the dollars in the states, what they do is you give the million dollars to a, a, a narco. Yeah. He, it gives you a, you know, a $50,000 car when you get to America. Oh, is that how it works? Yeah, yeah. Well, today's topic is about something a little different. We had a show in Vancouver last week and there was an amateur part of it and there was women's bodybuilding and the woman who won the women's bodybuilding was very controversial. In the sense that she was born a woman, John, she lintes his a man, transgender man. But obviously they, they make her compete in the women's division because she's actually genetically a woman. Now, I got a lot of emails, not just one or two or three. I got like five emails from people who were either in the show against this woman and didn't, and lost to her or they were watching the show and they're outraged that the IFPB would allow or whoever the Canadian organization is now would allow this woman to compete or this gut man, excuse me, to compete in the women's division. And, and I feel that it was, it was absolutely justified. She's a genetic woman. Does she have a naturally god-made vagina? Yes, she's a, then she's a woman. Right. Well, care where she's living and how she's living and what kind of hair cut she's got. She's a fucking woman. Right. So, you know, it's sour grapes, man. These girls, they look for any excuse whatsoever to justify why they suck. You know, though it's, this is the bottom line. You're a woman. I don't care if you live like a man. What? Because why she lives transgender, so she's taken hormones. What? And you're not? Okay. It's stupid. It's a stupid argument. It's got no merit. And it's, the bottom line is the gender you are is the gender you were born with. Now if she was born a, a dude and hada, you know, a, a, a giantoplasty don or whatever I called and had, had had a vagina made and turned into a woman. Well, all the requisite hormones. Okay, then you got an argument. Or if she really is a dude, you know, living as a woman. Right. And she peed as a woman, but she's really got a penis like then, a ratio. Okay. This is a woman by virtue of female genitalia competing in a women's division fair game If you lost to her, it's because you're not as good as her. You're a story shut up and go train. Right, and you know, especially in B.I. I can understand like when they talk about this stuff like in in high school like when they You know, you have a girl. She wants to be a guy. She's on testosterone and she's trying to play soccer with the girls. She's got an advantage because she's taking testosterone. But in bodybuilding like you said, a women's bodybuilding, they're all taking the same hormones anyway. So there's no advantage that she's getting over the other women who are taking the same hormones. So I think it's a terrible thing that all these people are complaining and making this girl, she would consider herself a man, making this man who is actually genetic female feel inadequate because she was told that she has to do this division and she did it and she won. It should be a time for celebration, not a time for, you know, for making this person feel bad about themselves. There's no argument. There is no argument. She was born a woman. Whatever she's done to herself over the course of her lifetime to assimilate a male role is kind of zero to do with her physiology. So she is no different. Zero difference between her and the girl competing next to her on stage except for maybe their drug protocols a little differently. Look, but who's is it? Okay, so any woman that's complaining about this is got her head up her ass and it's a real shame that they can't see this for what it is. And like I said before, there's all kinds of other gender confusion out there that can foil these contexts if you don't let the right sex compete in the correct category. But that's not what happened here. Absolutely not what's happened. It's a woman born a woman competing in a female division and a story. Her name is a Sioux Fung law, just for people who might say what the woman is name. And she like I said, you can if you look at the results of the Vancouver amateur show, you'll see her up there. Now, John, here's a question for you that I think is a relevant question. It might not have been relevant five years ago, but it's relevant now. You know, we see all these new divisions, you know, when you go to the master's national this over 50 is over 35 45 50 55 60 65 70 75 80 they got every division in the world. They got masses figure mess to this will there ever be a division for transgender? What did there be a division is what I'm saying? Should there be a transgender division? Is there a need for it? How many transgender body builders and that encompasses all the divisions? How how how how how many transgender body builders are there looking for a place to compete? Maybe there's more than we know. That's the question. Yeah, just for them. No, unless you don't want to set up something in Bob Bonham's back room, you know, we can know, do. Only because it's new jersey. Now I'm going to get it. Now I'm going to get a text message from Bob saying that he wants to fight. I got a jar of fun. Because he's going to come back and go crazy. It's not because it's because it's new jersey. No, no. It's a jersey. It's a win. So women's extravagance and reference more something. I mean, everything else. Look, you could have a transgender division, right? And I guess you need to have two, right? One for men who are men and now are women and one for women who are used to be men. Right? We need a non-binary now too. Because now because there's no such thing as no sex. We have a matter of time. Yeah, but how many of those are there? We got to ask. I don't know. It might be seven. Enough for a line up. As long as you can get a top five out of it, who gives it shit? You know, just think about it. You might have to stumble onto something. Think about the new schmo fans of the transgender. That's a whole new door. It might reignite the whole session. This thing going on. We should stop talking immediately because this is going to be good. Get out from under as too quick. No, you know, so in my take it over and start. We lose the month. We should do it ourselves before someone else does. That's what I'm saying. No, but I'm, but it's an all serious issue. Is there a need? I mean, do you think that that's a legitimate category? Because it seemed like there's a lot more transgender people who are coming out and saying, Hey, look, I'm transgender. I've been hiding in my whole life. And maybe they want to waste the taking and peat. They don't have to feel like, you know, if they don't belong there. Because if I'm a man and now I want to be an, and I'm a woman now. And there's a lot of us out there. Then we should all be able to compete someplace and not be ostracized for it, right? Same thing. If you, I'm a woman. And I want to be a man. I should be able to compete someplace where I don't have to compete with real genetic men. And I can't, you know, I can't beat, you know. Here's what's going to happen. They're going to do it, okay? But they're going to put them with the wheelchair and the amputee and the over 95. They're going to put them in the side showing. And then they're going to complain. Well, we're not after the open and between the bikini girls and the figure girls, you know. So, it's not going to be any satisfying them, but it, but in, in the, in the, in the spirit of competition. Yeah. If there's enough of them and like I said, this is needs to be determined. If there's enough of them, then yes, absolutely. They, they should have their place to go to. And we'll see next logical question, John. Yes. If they do have this division, will there be an Olympia division, the transgender Olympia champion? Are there enough of them? Are they that good? Let's see what happens. I mean, you're, I don't know. I mean, who knows you could? I mean, I can't, I just can't imagine something looking like Jay Kotler would have bikini top. Oh, but, but, but, I mean, if that's not what they'd have to look like a woman now, that would be part of the, you know, the whole, the whole femininity thing. Now, what you're saying is I can't imagine a woman who would look like Jay Kotler, who's actually now a man, right? Well, no, you gotta go the other way, too. You gotta give the other side. I mean, you got, you got men who think to women, women who think to men, women who think to men that look like women, women who look like men that want to be whatever non-binary. I mean, they got to choose. So it's like, what do, see, like you said, you gotta have at least, I think you got to have three divisions. You gotta have, you gotta have female to male, male to female, and a mafro diet. And, and how do, if you can lump those three together and get 30, 40, 50 people who want to compete? Right. I, I would say, go for it. Now, here's, here's another question. These are the things I think about. If they did this, John, and it became successful, would you have people thinking the fact that they're trend, gender, just because they think they can, they can win a show more easily? No, no, no, we have a whole, for our server. Now we have a whole new, schmog job opening. Gender, gender verifier. No, no, let's say it's very sweet. It's a girl woman. I want to compete as a man, but you're really not, a woman, you're really not a man, but you're just pretending to be one because you think you can do better in that division. You know what I mean? You're gonna have to go into this little booth, right? I think you cross over, John. That's the question. And this BDI little schmog with a would a European camera is gonna, it's gonna inspect your genitalia. And he's gonna have to determine the difference between a large, and a penis. But if he can do that legitimately, okay? And verify the gender, then that is, that is germane to the classification of the division. So if you're in there, if you're in there claiming you're a woman, but you're living as a man, you better be in there and not have a penis. Right. Okay. So you're actually, you're actually almost confirming a negative. Oh my God. How can you even do that? About a year ago, John went, when Donald, when people would joke about, John will Trump should be president, and people just said it ridiculously. And then now he's president. 25 years from now, we'll be fucking old men. And people like, didn't remind him and pull on those, say that this might be happening this one day. And you see, black men with rising of the phoenix, it's third coming, he's gonna have to, he's gonna be in charge and all the thing. You know. Oh my God. The things you can speculate, but you know what, it's, it's, it all seriousness. It might be something that actually happens because, you know, it's, it's, you know, you, here's my final question for this, it's shy. We're going too long already on this. But do you believe that there's always been a lot of transgender minded people in society for the last 100 years? Or do you think that something's changed in society? Some evolution has occurred. We're all of a sudden now, people are being born in the wrong bodies. I think, I think there was probably, or they probably had to have been, people back in the day that had questions over to over their sexuality. And maybe they're a born a man, but, you know, like to go shopping at TJ Maxx on Tuesdays. I don't know, it's, this female tendencies that they may have suppressed, not recognized, ignored, whatever. And maybe if they got strong enough, either way, male to female to male, they would act on it in maybe homosexual ways or, or, or whatever. I think what's happened now is that society has made it okay. Right. And, and in fact, glamorized. Now, look at the Caitlin Jenner. I mean, you know, glamorized this sort of, you know, morphology that doesn't follow normal societal trends. I guess in the modern era, whether or not this is, I would say yes, this has been around ages ago, but nobody had the, the, the ability to determine whether they were the only one who ever felt like that. Now, they know they're not alone, right? So they come out of the woodwork and, you know, have a community where they're, you know, accepted by, you know, like minded, like body people. So I think that's the difference. I think the fact that you have such an open means of communication now and sort of, sort of, um, blurring of the, of the wall that people put up, you know, with respect to, you know, what they're going to let out and what they're not going to let out. People seem to be less private about this stuff now and more easily, you know, able to talk about it, um, whereas, you know, 50 years ago, 100 years ago, nobody would even ever even dream talking about. Right. So, so, um, yeah, I think that, I think that we have, I don't know if you want to call it evolution, but I think we have, we have come to a point, you know, in society where people have more balls than, you know, no, I can't say that. People can add some of the instances less, but I mean, in terms of, bravado to, you know, admit that, you know, the girls of boy, the boys of girl, the girl wants to go to the boys room, the boy wants to go to the girls room, you know, they want to dress, they want to be non-binary, they want to do this, they want to do that. I guess it's become, especially in the far progressive side of things, you know, sort of, you know, diversity breeds, you know, and diversity breeds acceptance, they want all kinds of diversity, so they want, they want homosexuals, they want, they want confused, they want, they want, they want, imported, confused, sort of bisexuals, they want them from all, parts of the world, all religions, all deciding whether they want, you know, animals, humans, boys, girls, whatever, they don't care, they just want all this diversity, so because they do, they've opened the door for people even on a minor, on the sort of middle side, just a regular role, girl, it feels like being a boy, well, that's kind of really normal now when you look at all the other crazy shit they got coming in the other end, so yeah, between, between society accepting it, it becoming talked about them realizing they're not alone in the, the, the the pervasiveness of the internet and that information and the, and the communities that they breed, I think it's much more easy now, and in some cases advantageous for people who feel this way to come out. Yeah, and, and you know, I think a lot of people might be just not necessarily feeling the way that these people do, but I think they asked you, think it, like you said, it's being glamorizing that people, I think this people doing it, who really aren't transgender, who just think it's kind of cool to, to, to pretend, you know, so to speak, that you're transgender. Now, what do you think of these, you know, what do you think of these people who are, you know, embodying sort of inanimate objects, like Barbies and Kendall, you know, you know, those people I've met the wilderness, John, let's say, did you see that one dude who's got like every single body part is a prosthetic body? Yeah, every single body's clod's calves, biceps, triceps. Yeah, those people just have mental illness. The people who are transgender, they would just born in the wrong body. The guys, the people who, and guys girls, whatever, who do all the crazy plastic surgery, and then, and the sinful injecting people, you know, who, not even sinful, they're injecting, you know, motor oil into their arms. Yeah, those people have mental illness, you know, and that's a completely different topic we can talk about another time. That's why I brought it up. I don't want any transgender person watching this thinking that we think you're mentally ill. Oh, I don't know. I have a lot of friends in it, you know, that I know. We accept everybody. So that's established. But when you do cross a line and to mental illness, we're going to call you on it because we just have to. But it was an ex-great jokes. But I mean, if you're, if you're in the other, you know, deriding that's, you know, transgender, however you want to call yourself, and you want to place the compete. I think it's incumbent upon somebody in your community to take the reins and be the leader and determine if there really is a need for this. And if there is, bring it to us. We'll get it. We'll run it up to later. We'll get me and you know, look at it. Add another fucking division. The shells will be over in Christmas time, you know. That's all right. Well, that's why I think they got it. If they had any more divisions, they got to make this like a weak law in a vet because this is ridiculous. You go into so many shows. I'm not going to name any names that are promoters. The pisses them off and they have such thin skin and more thinner than any other competitors. So you get there eight o'clock in the morning for pre-judging. It's not over to late o'clock at night. And then you'll write into the finals and they're over four o'clock in the morning. That's why I don't go to show us anymore. It's too long. I don't, I'm too old. I can't handle any of my, I'll give my align my dad's days for the young people to go hang out all day if he shows. But anyway, the topic is will we see a transgender Olympia champion who knows? Stay tuned. I'm Dave Palombo with John Romano for another episode of Iron Rage.