Welcome back to live with Brought to You by Species Detrition. Visit speciesnutrition.com. I'm Dave Palombo and today's guest took him 40 years in the making to get here today. I can actually announce him as a new IFBV pro. The man I'm talking about, Ralph Kocheau. Welcome. Thank you, Dave. Thank you. It's great to finally meet you. I've been listening to your channel forever. You're 61 years old. You won the master's 60 over class at the NPC universe this last weekend. Or two weekends ago, I should say. You got the IFBV pro card. You've been trying since, for 40 years since 1978, you told me the story and I'm going to let you tell. But in 1978, you actually, the show that you first did was won by John Kemper. And a lot of us know John Kemper is the NPC district chairman and Jersey. A great competitor is on right. He's no longer with us, may rest in peace. You've been around the block a few times, Ralph. Yeah, yeah. I started competing at 21. Like I said, I showed up to Ramapoke College from my first contest. And back then, Dave, it wasn't wait. It was height. Sure. This is before wait. So I had got, I'm like, one, six, they have guys over 200 pounds of my class. I told you, Elliott Gilkrist, he was in his 50s at the time, but he had beaten Franco Colombo. And there was some other really big guys. So honestly, when I got back stage, I was so intimidated. I almost left. And then I said, you know what? Nobody knows me. I have nothing to lose. So I went in and I actually took second because I had my conditioning was good. Yeah. Yeah. Now, how did would you say bodybuilding has changed since the 70s into the modern year in 2018 right now? What have you seen as far as the competitors go that has changed dramatically? Yeah, you know, back in the late 70s, 80s, I would go and Mr. New Jersey, you know, local shows here in New Jersey. And we would sell out. We would sell out every contest. It was crazy. There would be people outside that couldn't get in. Really? Yeah. It just seemed bigger back then. And the guy seemed to be more conditioned. You know, nobody thought about, I want to get my pro card in three years or whatever. We just loved the train. We would, I trained at a gateway gym and Bloomfield and all the guys there competed. And we just trained hard and competed. We never really thought about returning pro. And you know, back then Dave, like one guy a year would turn pro because you had a win. You had a win the overall in the nationals. So there was very few guys turning pro. So I never had any expectations of turning pro. I just loved to train and compete. And the funny thing was, even winning the nationals wasn't enough back then. You had to go to the World Amateur Championship after that. When the Mr. Universe contest, you know. Yeah. It was crazy hard back then. And you know, I was in middleweight. So as a middleweight, I'm not, I'm not beating any heavyweight in the overall or anything. So, you know, I would just do the best I could. I just loved doing it. But now today, you know, I guess they're trying to grow the pro rank. So they have a lot of pro cards, right? They got, you know, we got classic. You got physique, you got bikini, you got masters. You got, it's, it's easier to get your pro card today. It is, but there's also a lot more people competing. So I guess they figure proportionally, you're getting, you know, better representation. Now, let me ask you this question. Was there ever a time period over that 40 years where you kind of took a big break? Or was it, were you continuously competing the whole time? Yeah, no, no. I competed for like 20 years, like two, three times a year in the beginning. And then I had kids. And I took 12 years off from competing. Now in the last 40 years, I never stopped training. I never took my foot off the gas. I took off a week the most in the last 40 years. And that's when I partially tore my rotator. So never stopped the eating, never stopped training. But yeah, I took 12 years off for competing one of my kids. We're little. And then went back in like 2010 and started competing again. So you got a lot of, you know, quality, mature muscle on that body. We're looking at pictures of you right now. And the condition was amazing. How many of you have no loose skint at 60 years old? I have loose skint at 50 years old of my body. So what, you know why Dave? I don't gain 40, 50 pounds after a show and then have to lose it. I was always within 10 pounds of my competition weight. Wow. You're a real OCD guy, huh? Yeah. It's never about weight cut with me. It's, I need 12 weeks to get crazy peeled because I don't have the best genetics. And the guys with the better genetics, you know, would kick my ass if I didn't step on stage shredded. You just, you just outlasted everyone, Ralph. That's how you, you want. Basically all the guys you can compete with, they just either died or they just quit. You're exactly right. And you know, way back then, we didn't have these gurus. You know, we didn't have Chad or Right. Or Kisasito or honey. I mean, I think you know the guy back then in the late 80s and even late 70s was Bob Grusky. Sure. Did you work in Bob and all? Bob used to come to my gym all the time. He used to use the nicest guy he would talk to me. But I didn't have the look for Bob. I didn't have the blonde hair, blue eye and superior genetics. He helped guys like Natta Shaq. He helped guys like Casey Kichurka used to train with he turned pro. I, you know, I didn't have the kind of genetics that Bob would waste this time. But Bob was a great guy and very knowledgeable. Yeah, we all learned a lot from Bob. That's for sure. I'll be the guy myself included and he right. He was one of the original guys. What was the like the big title to win back in the 70s and 80s? What was like the title everyone went for Mr. America? Yeah, yeah. You try to win Mr. New Jersey. That was big around here. And then you know, you thought you were ready. So I won Mr. New Jersey in 81. Okay. And then you know, I thought I was somewhat of a big deal until I went in my first national show. It was Mr. USA and Knoxville, Tennessee. I think it was 1983. And boy, I got back stage and looked at those guys. They were the walls and were just genetic freaks. Right. But you really, you really get, you really get an education when you see what you're up against, you know, those guys that are with the superior genetics. Let me ask you this question. You know, a lot of people think they're body-building, you know, obviously. It's kind of health benefits, but it also got it's, it's negatives, you know, we eat a high crazy high protein diet. We, you know, there's drug use and body-building. And everyone always says how bad it is for you. Your obviously a testament to the fact you look like you're 100% healthy to me. How has you maintained your health over the years, you know, of continuously competing? Yeah, you know, that's a great question. So for me, Dave, health always came first. Once I started competing, I started researching, reading, everything I could get my hands on about nutrition, training. So I could be successful on stage. And you know, I've learned it's 75 to 80% nutrition. So even in the offseason, I eat very clean, you know, organic, everything's grass fed. Like, you, you know, grass fed beef, grass fed, bison, no farm race fish, you know, the real fish. And I eat that way all year round. And no processed carbs, no bread, no pasta, no sugar. Keep the carb. Remember when we were in school, they had the food pyramid. Sure. And don't eat any fats because you're going to get heart disease. And then you had protein vegetables and down the bottom, eat a lot of carbs, processed carbs and grains. Really, get spot. Oh, oh, that stuff causes inflammation in the body. And that's the stuff you need to stay away from. You people out there should flip that food pyramid. Eat the good fats. And I've heard you say many times. And that's why I like I take your macadamia nut oil. When I was younger, I did not eat enough fats when I used to do my prep. And your body wants, it'll hold on to fat. It wants homeostasis. So it'll hold on to fat if you're not given it fat. So I've learned over the years to give it a lot of good fats, even when I'm prepping. And it helps your skin. And it helps you get lean. Now, you look, your skin is some of the best skin I've seen on a 60 plus year old guy. I mean, you really have no looseness anywhere. It looks very taught even on your face. I mean, your obviously a testament to the fact that good clean living goes the long way. What are you doing for a living aside from bodybuilding? I'm an accountant. I actually worked for shop right supermarkets. Oh, really? Yeah. I've been working for 38 years for them. Ever since I came out of college, they're a great company. You know, people always have to eat. They hired me in 1980 during a recession. So, you know, that told me that I should stick with them. You're one health and consistent guy. You've been bodybuilding to be 40 years and we're in a shop right for 38 years. No wonder why you have no deviations. I always tell people, look, the most successful bodyvils are the ones that are the most consistent. Because consistency is the most important predictor of success and bodybuilding. Most people have great genetics. They eat, right? They take drugs, but they're not consistent in applying it on a regular basis over and over and over again. And that's what it takes to be a good bodybuilding. And you just proved it. 100%. I'm sick like that. I mean, you think you take a lot of supplements I hear with you. I probably take more. People think I'm crazy. But, you know, it works. You stick with what works. What do you think of the most important supplements for people to take as they get older? I like Omega 3s. I mean, a good Omega 3. You know, back thousands of years ago, our Omega 6 Omega 3 ratio was almost one to one. Right. You know, based on our diet, when we live off the land. Today, with all the bad oils, vegetable oil, all these soybean oil, it's in everything. The average American is like 20 or 30 to one Omega 6 to Omega 3. So we do not get enough Omega 3. So I try to get a lot of Omega 3s. I supplement with Omega 3s. Crayloil, Calamary Oil. You don't really want to fish you all. You don't want an animal that's been around too long and has been able to accumulate toxins and pollutants. So you want a young animal like Crayl or Calamary that haven't had the time to pick up a lot of pollutants. Yeah. We used the anchovies and the small fish in our Omega-wise formula because of that. Yeah, because I don't want to use the big, the big game fish that have like you said the mercury isn't something that. That's wise. What about in terms of you taking a human to co-cute 10 and tell us supplements? Oh, God Dave, in the morning with breakfast, I counted it once like 25 pills. So I take like you, you know, elbow to thigh on all these supposedly that will help anti-aging. Right. I take all those bird-ock root. I mean, the list goes on and on. And then with, you know, with every meal, I'm taking more tug-ca milk to this whole things for my liver. You know, bodybuilders have to be careful with their liver and kidneys. You want to make sure you're detoxing them. How often do you go for blood work? Once a year, once a year, I went in last, last fall and everything was fine. Well, the doctor's amazed when they see you coming there, it's six months of your age. You know, most doctors give me a hard time because I'm honest with them at the way I eat no, because Dave, I eat like 85% raw. And most of them would give me a hard time, but the doctor I'm with now, he's like, you know, my wife eats like that. And she's so healthy. He goes, you just keep doing what you're doing because your blood work is perfect. Do we protein sources raw, too? I do. I do. You know, beef, bison. It's got to be grass fed, honestly, obviously because if you're eating something that's grass fed, it has an alkaline environment. Disease can't live in an alkaline environment. It lives in a acidic environment. So things like E. coli, you know, that stuff people get, that can't survive in an alkaline environment. I eat all grass fed natural. You know, you do eat sushi. I mean, some people have trouble. Yeah, I mean, you know, I like food. I'm just nervous to eat like meat and stuff like that. I know people eat chicken raw. Yeah, I eat chicken, um, uh, hearts chicken livers raw. Wow. Now, how do you prepare that stuff? Is there any special way? Yeah, I just throw it up my mouth. Yeah, really. You don't like put it into kind of brines and any kind of seasonings. No, put a little salt. The Himalayan sea salt on the beef and the bison, but, but that's about it. And I always eat my beef and vegetables first for digestion purposes. I'll eat those first all the way to a couple minutes and then I'll eat my carbs. And my carbs are always out of the ground. You know, whether it's, uh, yams, kingua, uh, oatmeal, but nothing processed never and no sugar. Interesting. Okay. And does anyone else eat this food with you or you look like a lone wolf? No, I've been divorced twice. No, I do it myself. And Dave, I've been doing it for eight years and haven't been sick. That's all right. So this is, this is not a short term thing. Well, boy, he's, you know, he better watch it. He's going to, he's going to get into trouble. Yeah, I've been doing it. I've been doing it for eight years. You slice up to me like in slet and thin slices. How do you make it palatable? I, I, I buy the 92% lean ground beef. Oh, because you even ground beef. Do mix it up into rice and stuff. Oh, how do you do it? Like, just raw. Just put it right in the mouth. Just raw and I'll put like raw asparagus or some kind of vegetable in my mouth with it. So, you know, like hard core, you'll just put it in the top of where and just take it out and start eating raw. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Wow. That's all. Yeah, the vegetables in the meat first and then the, and then the carbs, you know, after. Because I saw shop right into buying a grass fed beef here. Oh, they do. Oh, they do. Okay. I get most of my grass fed. That's not right. Yup. They have grass run farms, Clayton's. Wow. Even, even Walmart now is carrying grass fed beef because it's growing. They're not stupid. They want to make money either. Everybody's carrying it. Well, you got a fascinating story. It ended in a terrific note with the I.F.E.B. Pro card. The question now is, what do you do? Do you want to, are you going to keep competing as a pro now? Well, you know, I feel like I should do one pro. So, Dave, there's, there's one September first in Pittsburgh. Yeah. They actually have over 40, over 50, over 60, over 70. Pros. Wow. I feel like I want to do one just to see how I stack up against the. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. What? You might want some prize money after all these years. You never know. Yeah, you know what the prize money is like for anything out of the milk. That's all right. It's the same prize money that when you started in 78th, they were given out to the Olympic guys, a thousand bucks. Exactly. You went full circle. Look at Craig. Craig, Richard, you just won. Yeah. And he, I saw his prize money. You know, it didn't even cover his supplements for sure. Yeah, I'm sure. I'm sure. Well, Craig. Right. I want to congratulate you on the big win. Thank you for filling us in on some of your longevity tips and your eating habits. I always find that stuff fascinating. I know my viewers out there probably do as well. Good luck at the Pittsburgh pro. I guess you could say masters that's going to take place at that North American weekend. And if you win, you got to let us know. I guess that's a great success story. I will. And Dave, I want to take this opportunity to thank you for all your work, all your information. There's so much misinformation. After 40 years, I've learned a lot. There's so much misinformation out there. And you tell it straight. And you're my go-to website. And I want to thank you for, you know, your 30 minute question and answers every week. Very well. You're bustling the morning. All your content is amazing. And I want to thank you. Very welcome. And like I said, I love to hear a good ending or happy ending to a hard work and guy. And you're, I don't think if there's anyone more passionate about bodybuilding out there than you because you've had the tenacity to last almost 40 years in our industry now. And that's, that's got to be some kind of record. Yeah, thank you, Dave. I appreciate that. You've got to go up against Robbie Robinson now. Forget that. That's not, that's not a new Robbie on stage after all this. You started in 78 watching probably pumping iron and seeing Robert that. Now you can actually get up on stage with him. I went to the premiere in Manhattan when it came out. I was at the theater. Yeah. Robbie's in his 70s. He still looks amazing. He does. He does. He's like, he's like, you know, he's, he's into very healthy, natural eating and, you know, he's into the whole Zen relaxing, meditating type thing. And you know, there's a lot to be said for that Dave. And when I was younger, I was all about intellect and physical. But I was lacking in my spirituality. So now I'm trying to bring, I spend most of my time and effort, bring in my spirituality up so that it's, I have balance in my life. And it, it helps so much. You know, I'm, I'm sure you probably meditate. Yeah. It helps with your training. Sure. It helps with your outlook on life. It's, it's for people when I was younger, I'm going to tell the young guys out there, start getting some books and get into some spiritual stuff. It will help you immensely. Ralph, nope, no injuries, no joint problems right now that. You know, I have some knee issues, but never surgery. I have some in this, it's, meniscus issues in my knees. But never a surgery. Thank God. Yeah, you're lucky. You're definitely lucky. You're, you're scary. You probably have good genetics to do. Probably everyone in your family lives to 100, I bet you. My dad's 94. I think you're married. Good genetics, I always say never hurts. It's all about genetics. That's right. All right, Ralph. Keep us updated, good luck in Pittsburgh. And that's going to take us to the end of another episode of Live With Brought to You by Species Nutrition. Visit speciesutrition.com. On the April on Belf, we'll see you next time.