Apholumbo, founder of Species Nutrition. I created Species Nutrition with one mission in mind. To provide body builders and serious athletes with no nonsense supplements that work and are backed by science. From my earliest body-building days, I believe in only putting the best in my body and that lives on in the Species Nutrition line of products. We use only top of the line formulations toast for maximum results and the best flavoring systems available. I put my name and reputation on every bottle of Species Nutrition products. If you want to be your absolute best, join the evolution. We also have beef cuts. If you want to introduce one of 25 cm long, try to take out out your all-time box. When you're asleep there just help you start John, D's Polygon, Astorows. Welcome back guys, to After Hour, I'm Dave Polymbo and I'm joined as always by my partner in Crime, John Romano. And we had a very busy weekend in the body building world, because we actually had body building shows, believe it or not, which is a rarity in 2020. Was there an actual audience this time? I think there was, yeah, surprisingly, the New York Pro, which was not held in New York, but was held in Tampa. It took place, Ian Valier, won that, of course. And then of course we had the North American championships in Pittsburgh under a tent outside an parking lot. Gary, you did somehow made it happen, pulled it up. I think it was the biggest show of all time, John, like the most competitors ever, like, I think it was like over 1,500 people in the show. Oh my god. Yeah, that's the most. Oh, and joining us is my good friend and client Phil Bordelone. I was going to give you a big introduction, but I guess you don't really need to introduce yourself big anyway, right? Not that way alone. I'm not that popular. I've known Phil for a very long time. I've worked with him over the years. He's a good guy. He's a bodybuilder's bodybuilder. He loves the sport. He always seems to come back to it. He competed this past week. He looked really, really good. He didn't get the pro card, but we got another, we got another set of shows. We get the master's and the master's and the master's coming up in four weeks. But I really want to get Phil on just because number one because I want to give him some credit for all the hard work to do. But you don't know what this guy's been through, John. If you remember last week, there was a crazy hurricane in Louisiana. Right. Phil had it die through it and he works in, in, like, the epicenter of where he hit. Tell us the, Phil, tell us what you went through last week. It was crazy. I don't, I don't even know where to begin, but all the obstacles we had to overcome in this trip. Right before prayer, got laid off. You know, things are slow and gas and all feelin' everything right now in the plants. Just in general, and then on top of that, you got the COVID. That's slowing things down, then we had the hurricane. That's slowing things down. So I got laid off right before prayer. And that's why I didn't compete in 16, 17 and 18. Because every time it was be right time for me to get ready for prayer, I get laid off. You know, there's no job security in this industry. What I do when the job gets slow, people get cut. So fortunately this time when I got laid off, they're same day, I got laid off. I picked up another job that is same day. Because normally when I get laid off, it takes two, three months to find another job. So that was one hurdle we had to, not to mention you have a family to support. It's not just you. I got, I got three girls and we're actually trying to build a house. I'm moving back home to be with my family, if I can find a real home to be with my family, if I can find a real home. Oh, I got a stop here for a second. John, he actually lives in, he has like an R&D that he parks by his job site there. He has to let, because it's such a long commute every day that he has to stay in there. So it's like a rock climb around, it's horrible. Yeah, but imagine this, the hurricanes coming. You've got this, this R&B with a, with a generator, basically. And, and you have all your body building food. Everything's going good. And now they tell you, we guess what you've got to evacuate because our can come. Yeah, I stayed in the camper when I worked. I only come home on my days off. The last five or six years. I worked six to seven days a week, 12 hours a day. Wow. And then on top of that, I have to go to the gym. So it's, it's extra hard for me to compete in my line of work. Because in the amount of hours I'm putting in the work, my job's not that hard physically, but just mentally. And, you know, being away from home, that much and working in the long hours, we do that having to go to the gym. It's tough, especially where I'm at now because I'm going to shift work. When we give our days when we keep work nights. And so it's kind of hard. That was another option we had to overcome this prep. You know, I'm used to eating at the same time every day waking up every to the same time on the bed at the same time. But this, this time it was all over the place because when we come on days, when we come on days, when we come on nights. But yeah, I stay in a camper down there. My wife's called out of vacation. If I, if I was staying in a camper, where the work started. Yeah, I've made a decision to move the camper. I know we were working in hard. That, this last week or two, you know, suffer and try to sub down. And get the last little bit of fat off the boots. So I was really depleted tired doing a lot of cardio. You know, restrict the calories. I did not feel like missing a bit of camper. So, well, that's the last minute of the decision I call my buddy. And I said, man, do you have somewhere that I can put this camper or warehouse or anything? And he said, yes. So I looked it up, poured it over there and they got it because every camper at the RV place got flipped and rolled. I mean, it looks like a bomb went off and laid your arms. Every, every building and every house, the roofs ripped off. Every telephone, my power lines down, every fence is down. Every billboard is not down. Farmer equipment flipped over, trailers, flip overs, 18 wheelers, flip over, trackers, flip over. Think about the force of a storm John to cannot over a tractor. That's you. We've seen that in Florida. They're not really aerodynamic where it's like, it's going to, like, a sale is going to pick the model. And you have to have such a brute wind force to actually lift and tip over a trail. I like a, like a, a tractor rather. You see, you see, you know, wheelers tip over on the side of 95 during hurricane. If you've ever seen drove past a plant and you see those, that those big flames coming up out of the plant of the flames coming out of the plant. That's the big flares where they burn off excess gas. Right. Crack it down. I should sit, Dave, a picture of our flare. It looks like somebody took the cocaine and crushed it in their hand. Yeah, it's like this big chimney, John. It's like, it's literally like the hand a God came down and crushed it. But the thing is like the size of a building that it crushed. How that wind, this speed can crush metal like that is, is, is, is unbelievable. It's unfathomable, actually. Isn't that cold day cracking tower? Yeah. Yeah. They have, they have, when they have tractor units. Yeah. You've been a big, you've been turned off the excess stuff. Yeah. You can't be refined out of the crude oil. Yeah. Those are cool. I want, I want, I want, yeah. Oh, yeah. You're just got crushed down. Yeah. It looks like somebody took the cocaine and just smashed it in like that. Do you have that on your Instagram, that picture that thing? No. I didn't post it. I don't know if they would want to be postin' that. You know, they got, they funny about taking pictures in the plant. I can, I get posted there. But I, you know, yeah. So, so the last week of prep, I had to go back to work. That was another obstacle. I had to go back to work. Well, I ended up having to commute an hour and a half drive there. Hour and a half drive back after working and then still going to the gym because I couldn't stay down there because there's no electricity. I was like, oh, well, I'll just bring my generator. Well, I thought I brought my generator. I've got stole in a hard beat. Plus, there was no, no, no, no gyms are open. There's nowhere to get food. All the stores were closed. So I had to drive back and forth every day on top of working and trying to get ready for the show. Then the last week I caught on a massive ear rate. I mean, I see it, they have the picture of my ear end up ruptured and I had a pulse pour out on my ear for like three days. So smooth and then like the last two weeks is like the world can't crash. Thank you. I told the stop, the stops. He kept telling me this is the easiest prep I ever did with you. I can't believe how easy it's been. I'm like, stop, stop saying that. Stop saying, you're like, jinxing yourself to the right off the bat. Because he's, he's one of these guys that has all these weird things always happened but the last minute he loses his job. You know, something he cares a muscle. Something terrible always happens and I, at all, is perhaps and I always feel bad and he's always, but he always comes back. You know, he always, he doesn't let it get him down. And he kept saying, oh, this is everything's going so smoothly. I'm not really suffering that. So, like, stop, stop. It was one of the best food. Man, I had no cravings. It didn't have no breakdown. You know, man, why am I doing this? I want to quit, you know. And I mean, we had cheap meals. I was doing less cardio than I normally do. I mean, everything was just going good and then just bail. Like, you know, the last two weeks, I'm like, Jesus, whatever it was going to go wrong, you know. But everything worked out. We was able to make it to the show. But, you know, talking about injuries. When I got back from the North America's last year, I had texted Dave. My shoulders both of them out of the blue just started hurting. And I thought I was going to have to go have shoulder surgery. I mean, I was in so much pain. I couldn't, I couldn't bench a hundred pounds. I was in that much pain. And I never went, got to MRI or anything. Because I currently don't have any insurance. It's too high through my company where I work. So, I don't carry insurance. I was going to go pay for her MRIs out of pocket. But I tried a couple things and my shoulders ended up getting better. I showed Dave this pillow system. I got it today. I'm $300 pillow for shoulder pain. And I bought that. And that actually, when I sleep on my side, it's built or made for side sleepers. So it takes the pressure off of your shoulder. So with that, and I got some cream. It's a BMSO. I've rubbed on. I was able to get the information out. Once I got the information out of the pain and the, you know, my mobility and range of motion started to come back. I'm nowhere near, you know, a hundred percent. You know, I used to play around with 500 on the pitch. You know, I would rip 315 for 30 reps. You know, now I may get 315 for 5 or 6 reps. Child, is it a terrible job that like, you know, like a guy who works full time has a family can't get a affordable health care in this country? Yeah, you know, that was, you know, big promise that was made to us, you know, back with the during the last administration. Yeah, but even if he gets an MRI, what does, I mean, Oh, it's Mr. G. Hey, what's up? George, you can't afford you. I never rise a thousand bucks. Think about it. But hey, hey, what did that? That's the right. What's the country? What does the, unless you don't think it's surgery that, that was the main reason I said, if I could go get the MRI, they take them out and be surged. I said, I can't pay for the surgery anyway. You know what? The sixth thing is I have the best coverage you can buy. It's a very expensive coverage. And you know what, if I go for an MRI, I got to pay the same thousand bucks because I got a deductible. So you know, I had, you know, I didn't even saving anything. I wanted to get an MRI and my shoulder and they said, well, that, that, that'll, before I'm going in, no one said it was going to cost anything. Yeah, get in there and, and, and, and, and I'm doing the paperwork and then, the, the, the, the, the, the clipboard and then the lady looks back at me. She goes, that'll be six, seventy five today. That's cheap. Six dollars and seventy five. And she, she, she, she, she, she, you know, it's a copay. Yeah, I can let it get, you know, like a copay bucks paper clips, you know. So, so, um, six hundred seventy five. I got six hundred seventy five out. No one told me it was going to six hundred seventy five dollars for a freaking containment. How much you charging for today? It just make, it, they just make them up by me. They have, they get stoned. They sold them out of the crowd. It's moving, it's moving, it's moving, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, for like 30 seconds out. And then why it's $1,500 for that? That are for all the money. Interesting. Fantastic. I, I, I work in medical good thing for rehab for old body builders swimming. You know what, I swim, George. He's right. I'm really going to point there swimming. Because I've been surfing and swimming the whole time. And I, and I have, I've never had any type of injury. And I lived super heavy. And then it goes to the point, you know, so I guess at some point you get to decide, are you going to keep looking heavy all the time? Oh, I mean, well, fill is so competing. So he's got it. But you know, your right, Mr. G, I'll tell you what, when I swim in my pool, like regularly, I do a couple laps. And I'm not even talking a lot. I'm talking like I'll do 10 or 15 laps. You know, and I take breast in between. I feel like my body is looser, like more limb-right. I don't feel as creamy. It's like being weightless. So it's like being weightless. That's why when someone has an injury or something, you take him in the water. And then you take it actually, you know, where they couldn't bend any of them on land. They get bend into water. So everybody was really, you know, a race horses. They got a hole like a moat that goes around. That's right. You're right. Go through the things. I swim laps every day into pools. And then I go underwater, what one, and then I come back with a backstroke. I think, I think, I think we're officially old men now. We're, we've been, we've been a sport. We've been a sport. We've been a sport before 11 because this isn't over to head. Yeah. Never do you ever rise up. We've got to get skin care on the wall. I will never get an MRI. Mr. G has been for the doctor for about 40 years. I don't think he's ever gotten to the doctor. There was an article about a year ago, his kid, he got killed in MRI. I mean, she never get in one of those fucking things. They put him in the tunnel, right? You know, I'm MRI's giant magnet, right? Yeah. It's like a car room in the room. They got an oxygen tank. This is what that's made. Oh, it blew up. They fucking turned out, no, they turned it on. It got sucked in into fucking tube and it crushed the kids. Oh, wow. Holy, macro. You're going MRI. You're going to check. No fucking metal in there, man. Look, an orthopedic surgeon makes money. Bro, what? Doing it. Doing it. It's building the insurance. You're going to surgery. Doing surgery. I am going to people I've had and I'd surface this stuff to say, that we're recommended, you know, I'd say, listen, thought way training. Oh, your muscles are bad for fingers. You're going to have to do it at any point. If you got surgery, you did what's the protocol doing that. So I'm going to have 100 to guys start a way training. And now as a result, if surgery came free. Yeah. No, you're going to do it. Wait training. There's the answer. And John, you talking about going to the doctor and then charge you 675 for the MRI. When I went to the doctor, the urchin care from my ear because I did it. Dude, I was just so much pain. It was ridiculous. He wasn't going to go. I said, you need to, you need to add about out of it. I said, you ready to go? Yeah. Yeah. They give me antibodies and some ear drops. So I go to turn my prescription in and the lady comes out. The bottle of ear drops. I'm telling you is like this. I mean, you can barely pull it with two fingers. So small. She says, that those are the big 350 for the year drop. What? My job. As if prep isn't expensive enough. I'm about to leave. And you want to charge me $400 for some year drops. Yeah. $300 to $50, but $350. Yes. Unbelievable. Yeah. This is probably the highest cost as far as maybe training that that then actually has to lay out on their own. It's not much money to support. You know, pay the guys. So I mean. Tell you camera down Mr. J. What? Tell you camera a little bit. It's your head is like almost off the camera. There you go. I was going to do the background. But I was in the middle of prepping. Go on. So I think it was like. Yeah. You know, you're an athlete. You're going to be playing with history. That's the bottom line of my knowledge for it is. You know, so I mean, it's. You know, as far as like drop, two way you couldn't find out like how that's in those drops. You know, like you can put it in. You know what the truth is? Those ear drops is probably the same ear drops they give the dogs when they get like, you know, infections in the ear. And probably if you buy it in your bed, it's probably 10 bucks, you know. Here's a good example for you. I bought a 200 grams of siallus powder for 400 bucks. Right. Okay. 200 grams. Do the math. You get you pay 20 bucks for a 20 milligrams pill. Wow. How many 20 milligrams pills do I have in 200 grams of of pound? But you have, but you also have 10 grams of COVID in their toe, probably. I'm. So, so big deal. I got 90. 90. It's a flu to cold. Same thing. Okay. You know, I want to put up a video. I want you guys to comment on. I don't know if you've seen. I let John see before. The mellow source of his, uh, had a video on his YouTube channel of him training, uh, Arnold's other son Joseph Byanna. You know, the one he had with the, um, with the maid. The maid. This kid looks so much like Arnold. His facial expressions are so much like Arnold. It's, it's uncanny. But, oh, put, put you the clip. I don't know if you get, you probably guys probably can't see it, but John's sort of. No, you never see any clips you put up. I could act like a little bit of the, I'm unbelievable. This kid is like, mellows puts him through one of his crazy giant sets. He does 20 reps with like the hacks flat first and like, you know, the kid thinks, all right, that was the top set. I'm done. Now, Neil has brings him up to an extra machine. And he does that like before machines in a row. I thought the kid was going to drop dead, you know. Probably does what my hell. I can't see him. He does exactly what my. It does. The exact same. Well, he learned and he, he must have learned and you learned from Steve. No, but you know, this he doesn't do as many as many. Like, Mahalic would do the giant sets. But he would do like a hundred giant sets. That's what I did. I was the guy. But Neil has went through a hundred drives. He might do like like five or six of them, you know, so it's still intense, but you're not in the gym for like three hours doing, you know. Mr. G, how long was the typical Mahalic work at seven eight hours? Well, two, two and a half hours, don't stop. And then we had, we had actually thanks. It's according to him. If I couldn't breathe, and I couldn't put it next set. So I would, I would have do up to the bank set up. We could be the set. And then when we were at the land when they, when they hired us to do the Jack Delane, you know, into the valleys, right? Our friend was surprised, President. We wrote both the whole downstairs with like about 50 piece of equipment because we got the order all the stuff we wanted. And everyone would like watch, you know, I was Steve. And then Steve maybe could have said I was trying to like, okay, so man, like, I'm like, can you tell you what happened? What happened? Mahalic had sold his gym at that point? Steve sold his gym to any local dirty. Right. And also, by the way, all Steve's equipment was, was, was, was, was hand made by him. He made all the stuff. Why did he sell the gym? I guess he wasn't making, I mean, making any money. Okay. But by then, and then Ken's no less Ken's no less of the course street. I think Ken, I don't know, I heard that they were, they were at all, as with each other. So Ken, at one point, he's the only one in the all up. And he opened the next one and he gave him the credit course Steve. Oh, really? I'm surprised Mahalic can you feed him up or something like that? No, see, I mean, that's when they had TK store equipment was. I remember it. I've interviewed Ted. Ted, Ted, Ted, Ted, Ted, yeah. Yeah, he had up in burning up in burning up in New York. The warehouse we play was great stuff. I know I, I, I interviewed Ted TK store, which is, uh, Tom Kenny. And that's when both gym was, I think, those gym, they went to a little gym and uh, franchise with extra energy grand. I think it's that point. So you can get a goal of gym friends. I don't know, why burger had, they had the goal gym there for a while until they switched out to the charge of too much money, but um, yeah, he was originally. No, no, no, no, no, they're been friends for a while. I mean, they don't even know. No, they're still powerhouse. They're still powerhouse. The one thing about one burger and any system with his gym is his. He's a business guy first, a bodybuilder second. He's not a bodybuilder business. So treats as a business no matter who you are and then he keeps the place super neat clean and keeps getting old brand new stuff. Yeah, always. You know, you got it. You got it. Where do you train Phil over there in Louisiana? Well, I moved here in 05 and I train at Reds, uh, I put in TL 2015 when I got laid off here at Lafayette. So when I started working in Lake Charles, um, I joined an old school gym. They got in Whitz Lake called Genesis. Okay. So when I met work, uh, in West Lake, I was trying to train at General Lake Charles, I train in Genesis or any time. I'm feeling when I come home. I saw a, like a documentary on Reds. Isn't he like the first guy to have a gym? I mean, it's a great story. If anyone's ever seen that. Reds was the first, um, Mr. America. I believe he was the first crown Mr. America. Was he? So he owned some title like that. He was the first. Yeah, something. And his gym is top 10. It's top 10 either in the US or in the world. It's crazy. I don't know if maybe Tyler could find that gym, Reds gym. It's on YouTube. It's unbelievable. He built like, it's like a city there. He built, right? Yeah. It's like on the size of a mall. You'll get lost in the public out there for like, 15 years and I've never been in all the regions. He kept adding onto it, right? Like adding on and adding on and adding on. I remember, and the documentary is great. If you guys watch on YouTube, it would be good to find it. Yeah. Yeah. Where is he? He's going to laugh at it. Yeah. Lafayette Louisiana. Yeah. And he's still there every morning. Forkloc and aboard. How old are you? The Fred Hoon. Man, Brad's got to be man. I was saying his 80's. Right? Yeah. The American title was the it was with the, you own that title. I enjoyed it. I said something I expected you to have. Like I have your own gym at this point in people which is becoming until you like 90 years old. Yeah. Yeah. Where did you go? What did you do? What did you do? What did you do? Yeah. That's right. You need to have like your own gym. You can have a, you can have like a bakery on the back. Will you make you your cookies? Right. If anyone else wants to invest, contact Mr. G. I think you guys got to find a gym, Joe, and you put a kitchen on the back. You can cook your food. And I'll cook all your cookies and stuff like that and make all these stuff. It would be great. That's right. Right. I agree. I would encourage you. He almost had it going on when he had the Tiki hut. Jim. Now he needs a big gym like where you can walk around with the mayor. And when Jimmy came in and he said like, there's no equipment here. Yeah. I've heard of club four fitness. No. You all have any way away. Wait. Wait. Wait. Back up. Excuse me. There's a significance to what Mr. G. You. What is dringling it's like 10 grand a month to drain him in their Money? Hey, because what? Can he get in? Being a automate. Oh hi, Joe. I saw Mr. G do a sale once. I was in the gym with him in his office. Yeah, that's only I was in office. And he sat this person sat that. This person thought they were going to just come and see the gym. He sold them so they spent so much money in that gym. you signing up with him. And it was really what it was. It was like a mental thing. It had nothing to do with training whatsoever. Yeah, I had people coming in that were lost. They were out of shape, they lies were out of shape. And as we saw, I got them back into believing in themselves and giving them hope and believing void, you know. And that's a scary. So during that time, during that time, I get a call from some show, John Stossle was a 2020, I got a call from 2020, John Stossle once the interview me about steroids. And he's just can you bring somebody to the gym or like work out behind you, right? So I go Mr. G is like the logical choice, all right? So we went ahead and we made a Ferrari's bakery. We had a couple of canolies and a soy of them and we started walking. We get to the gym on a rhodson river. We climb up there and here's Mr. G. They're interviewing me, Mr. G's in a background. All you say is some total of his of his of his of his speech. Okay, so the guy in a background, okay, the can't be out to the story has gotten nothing to do with it. But I'll tell that one later. Anyway, we go through this whole thing the interview me we leave. That was Mr. G's full on that was to interview to the interview. Okay, two weeks later, he said, he's done. Remember I had Stossle doing pull-ups off the raft. He did. That wasn't that wasn't on kick. We did. We had a lot of things I said. There's a caveat to this. I'll get to it. Okay, but in terms of on film, okay. So when you're watching the when you're watching 2020 on TV, you see two and a half seconds of Mr. G gone. And then that's it. That's all you get. Two weeks later, he's got this van wrapped with his big red rarer and his van. Mr. G always had called Mr. G's fitness 80% of his life. Mr. G spelled me YD at BODYS. That's how he spelled bodies. Right. And then in big letters, I'm going back on the side of that both sides, right? Let's try. As seen on 2020. He was on that John. He, Mr. G is a master at never wasting a model of closure. That was brilliant. I've seen on 2020. It was a total truth. You really should have put a seat on the house. You really were on the house. You really were on the house. It's a church house. In particular, she came. Right. Wasn't he? So wait. So the caveat to this, Mr. G's got stosled and won on pull ups and all of this shit and everything. And then we come to find out that the camera man's retirement is his last day on the job. Mr. G organizes the whole crew. OK, Jim members and people in a standing around the choir. And he's got in his leaving them in the spawn happy bird or what was he saying in terms of old ang's sign or something. I didn't have to hurt that. The whole trip. That was at the Chelsea pit. He's worked with John Stosle. He's worked up with all his stuff and then went and the whole time. He was with us. He was like, oh my god, I remember that. He was before. He was John Stosle. He was John. He didn't know that was his last name. And he was Mr. Nelson. And he was John Thosle. The funniest thing was that all this footage that he orchestrated that they had no interest in filming, they actually used for the guys retirement party. Yes, they did. They should have hired Mr. G to come perform at the party. That's the time. That was one of the best days in New York. That was so much fun. And I just had to go with the flow. God. And then they had a big party. That stopped to begin the volleyball. That was really funny. That's a big piece of shit. You should have, that was a classic. But just to G, you know he said that. He was on how it's turned to remember. I don't want to go through the whole story. I think that was how it's turned. And then Rose Yudano was saved here. 1996 I was going to launch by a big health club with a beauty spa where people would come and get out of the saws. His hand cut. You know the whole mind, I had like the time and package. He was like 10 grand. He was like, let me see how much I could actually charge people and shock them. And I probably will get it. And you know what? It's a good business model. If you would have charged people like 20 grand a year, they would have paid it because they would have said, we got it. We got to sign up for this. I want the best, you know. I mean, think about it. If anyone's crazy enough to charge out much money, it must be amazing, right? You got to have so much fun. You know what? So it's like, you're right. If you're looking at the remote, it comes to the place. They get to work out and then they get them up in the saws. And they all is done. Then the remote guy would take him out and they'd have like three grand or shopping anywhere they want. Yeah. And then all the guy had to do is just wait at home as he came home. Because he was definitely going to get lost. Missorgia is not afraid to throw around them now. But get to my investor was. Ho. Gonna be in that. Ho. It was one of the guys from the Wall Street. Oh, the left of Wall Street guys. The Wall Street? Yeah. Yeah. His wife. Great. And if not, he goes, he goes, he goes, yeah. So part of the million dollars million dollars to me to get my wife by the way, by the way, you know. No, I don't, I don't want another door in it. Right. So then when it came down to do the whole deal, I put everything together, right? They were going to put it in a 200 grand. And I said, well, someone has to run the company. So I said, if you see, yo. And she goes, what do you mean I go, I, I got to run the company. You haven't done anything. I put the whole thing together. The whole business plan found that. No, we're going to go and everything. So the next thing it all is the guy I heard. Well, I don't want to say the guy gets on on the phone. But what are you talking about? Because it's your chest. It's a whole lot. I'm like, listen, don't give me that move. Both shit. No, I'm not doing the deal. It don't feel good. I hung up. What are you going to rest in right after that? Yes, what happened? They all after that. That's when they all got busted in the old one. These jail. Wow. Those guys. Yeah. You're skating. Yeah. Because that place would have been hard. Yeah. Yeah, definitely would have taken it from you without a doubt. Look, you're getting, you're getting, you're getting, you're getting, you're getting a mask. I was the on the phone. It's the on the. Let Jimmy rant and Jimmy, but he's always kind of turned it. Why do we got to tell him the same thing every show? Let me turn it. You see it if cemetery again? Oh, that's great. Oh, sorry. Look, Greg. Hey, guys, what are you doing? Greg, this is a Phil board alone, a good client of mine. And he was just competed in North American. So we got a mind. He's talking about the crazy hurricane down in Louisiana and everything like that. Oh, okay. You know who he's the president. I just figured it out. He looks like Rocco. Yeah, LeBrosha. Yeah. I can't see him. I mean, I only see Georgie and you. And where is the Illinois? The room is through G said when he met Rocco, he goes, yeah, you look at this guy. That's his name, Rocco. Oh, yeah. He does look like Rocco LeBrosha. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. He took a little Rocco. He just liked him. Yeah. You're right. I didn't even think about that. And I know Rocco really well, too. You're right. You know, Dave, you keep sending that the link. You send it to my, you keep me getting, I got a flip phone. You got to send it to my email. I'm trying to get on here. Oh, well, I thought you were just copying it and sending it to your, uh, to send it to you thing anyway. I don't, I keep forgetting. I can't. I'm flip phone. I keep trying to get. Greg, can't get you. Yeah. You know, can't you share that press on share to you. He said what I did. But no, but I got a flip. You could probably go to this. I know you don't want to, but you could probably go to the, uh, this the, like the 18th Easter I get a free iPhone now. They'll probably give it to you for free, Greg. Yeah. No, I got an iPhone here. I just don't, I don't want to do it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I love it. Here's what we got to do right now because the technology being the way it is and we know that Jimmy the bull's got issues. We just should let him do ramp down because we're going to lose him. You're right. Is he on the line? No, we already lost him. I was too late. Uh, no, well. No, I, without, when I visited him at, at his house a couple weeks ago, I was talking about doing it. He has a guy that's going to do his website stuff. And I was trying to get Jimmy to go to, you can, you can just small laptop, you know, just a small little laptop so we can go on and do stuff by going because we can on that people going to go on your site and going to ask questions and stuff going, you can answer them back. Go. And the guy said, there he is. He's back. No more right. I don't see him. He's down. I don't need right there. So he's, oh, Jimmy. Jimmy, go. Greg, come on, baby. Come on, man. What's pissing you off of me? He's a fan of waiting for it, man. I had, we're going to save this souls with the red. He might not have the audio down. He's fall fucked up. Jimmy. Jimmy. Jimmy. Jimmy. What is he listening to? I, I wouldn't you love to know what he's listening to? Jimmy. Jimmy. Jimmy. I think that's, the spring scene. Yeah. It's the spring. All right. So now we're losing value. Yeah. Right, but no. Jimmy. Yeah. Yeah. No. Let's go. I'm going to go back to Greg for a second. So Greg, Phil actually lived through the, he had a finish his last week of prep during that hurricane. He actually works in St. Charles, Louisiana, which is where that epicenter of that hurricane hit. Oh, shit. You saw the devastation. It was there. And you know what I always say that, you know, guys, and you know the script, because you've talked about this. Guys are always bictionary complainin' on. It's too hard to die and I don't feel good. I can't do this much cardio. Absolutely. This guy had a drive an hour and a half back and forth through his house because to work from work through his house he worked the last week that he was actually doing the show and sucked it up. And when I hit people complain, he's a warrior. That's the kind of mentality that he's a little bit very bodybuilding. He's, he's walking his gym's open. I'm in New York, many gyms, he have to gyms are open, have to gyms on. And they're open now, near in a hurricane. Yeah. They're always, he's going to win the, he's going to win the North American become a pro. Too late already. Just doing that. He's doing masters. We four weeks. Yeah, we shooting for next month. Yeah. Oh, there he is. This was soon. I was shooting for the B. My life show. Right. The North America is was supposed to be my life show. I promised the wife and the family. I was going to hang it up. I've been competing since so five and I told him I was going to hang it up. But uh, man, me and they just did that show lift a bad taste on our mouth. And we're trying to be so good to make it. And go to Orlando and get it done. We feel like we can do a lot better. And we got a few more weeks to improve. We only died for like 14 weeks. Yeah. So this actually may be a blessing because we have a few more weeks to improve. I think we'll be able to get harder. I've been eating good the last three or four days. I'm going to eat good today. Today's the last day. I'm going to eat good. I feel out a lot. Only actually you put on about nine pounds of water. But I could feel it smolting you talking about oxygen. I needed that. I couldn't catch my breath. But uh, I stayed on my cardio and training. I'm not trying to blow up like a water buffalo. But I am going to enjoy my food. So, and I said, Dave, a picture of my mom could you talking about being hard to compete. Living in the weeks and in the order compete because we have the best food in the world. I agree. I think Louisiana does have the best food in the world. I love that food. You can't get it up here. There's no place that that makes that kind of food. Yeah. Have you eaten? Have you guys all eaten in the French quarter before? No, I'm me. I've eaten a few French women. And I've eaten for a few times. But um, let me ask you a question. How to fuck do you do that with all that shit going on down there? Like at a grocery store is open just to get to float in the train. Well, I work in Lake Charles, but I live in Lafayette, which is an hour, about an hour 15 minutes. I want to have the final traffic. So, uh, I stay there when I'm working in the camper. I come home on my days off, which isn't very often. So, when the hurricane hit, like you said, all the gyms are closed. There's no electric clothes. There's no electricity there. Uh, stores just started opening back up to where they have food and everything. There was no food. So I had to make an hour and a half trip there and I would have trip back. Uh, I couldn't stay down there. I don't know, man. That's just crazy. Let me ask you a question. Are you training where the mask gets shit on like they want us to do here in the room? No, no, no, no, we don't have to wear masks. Uh, and if we did, I wouldn't because you can't breathe in that thing, man. Yeah, there's just some tell me about you can't breathe without the mask. What the hell? You're in the south. We don't believe in masks. Yeah, yeah, you're even walking to the store. Bro, you fucking, this is the democratic state brought in. Yeah, we got a mask. If you're trying not wearing a mask, the Toyota store to say, get out. Really? Yeah, the opticol cops, too. Well, people, if you got rats, you got people that are right here. Really people. I don't. Oh, yeah, you people tell you right to your face. You know, you're a mask on. Yeah, it's bad. I think if you're not going to use a mask, police, excuse me, you're the mask, police, but don't tell me what to do. I'll do what I want my first experience. And that they elevated, I throw the mask kind of like, oh, yeah, the Nazis do. Yeah, when the COVID first hit, uh, all the gym's here were clung with, with their people in the audience should know, right? There's no people in the audience should know what it is, a lot of people in the audience. No one is in the audience allowed. No audience? Not at the minute. Not the North American. There wasn't no. There was outdoors in the tent. Did they do it to be? Do it to baseball players, do it to fucking they pipe in fake crowd like this. But you know, a giant, ironically, it seems like Florida doesn't care. That must be weird, don't fucking standing here. There's no audience. Was you like, was your wife allowed to go in there? No, no one's Greg. No, what? Yeah, I watched the livestream from the hotel. No, they wouldn't even let them, yeah, they couldn't even come to the team. No one, the judges must freaking love that. No one's no one can, you can, no one can say shit because you're right. You know, the funny thing is, Greg's acting all like surprise. He was in a hospital and they wouldn't let anyone come into the hospital. So I mean, why doesn't surprise you that you can't have anyone backstage with you at the body knowing what? That's because you're just, you know, he could get away with a mask you can't do that. No Pittsburgh, you know, Greg Pittsburgh was bad too. That governor there was, was, Gary thought he was fine holding it in a tent and a parking lot. The last minute they told, sorry, I know we said originally it's 250 people allowed outside. Now it's only 20. So that's why they couldn't have any crowd there or anyone there. What? Yeah. Yeah. It's based on what, what science is this? I have no idea. Gary, you know, Gary was really very mellow about it. I got to be honest, I said, Gary, you know what, I take my head off to you that you made this happen because man, they made me jump through every who possible. You took it to my Gary, you did it? Yeah. Yeah. God, that sucks man. That's ridiculous. But there's no need to do this like that. We're baseball for falling in the end. Well, that's why they moved the masters, Greg, they have the masters in four weeks in Orlando. You think Jim Manning and Gary wanted to move it to Orlando, they love having Pittsburgh, but they can do anything in Pittsburgh. So they held the whole of the in Orlando. They can do anything you want to work. That's why you got to get fucking Trump back in a guarantees goddamn Democrats, man. You're all they love. They love that shit, dude. It's unfucking believable. They love that shit. I was telling him last week, I have two friends that were online. Okay, to get ill to want to get the COVID test. And it will wait for hours to like fuck this, I'm not going in. And in a couple days later, to get a fucking ticket in a mail, you tested positive. Did he even take the test? I've heard that. I've heard that. I've heard that. I've heard that. It's bad. Bro, they had a guy decapping. Well, Greg, it's like, you know, if you don't show up, you fail the test, right? You're proof of guilty until you prove your innocent. You have COVID, and pull you prove you don't have it. That's the new law, basically. But they had the guy that was decapeted. They listed them as COVID. You know what I mean? I was in a COVID unit, and I didn't have COVID, you know, it's such bullshit. They want this. They democrat fucking, they democrat mayors and governors want this shit. You know what I mean? And we're fucked. If you, if Biden ever gets in fucking holy shit, me and John, we're moving to fucking, I don't know. I don't even know Mexico anymore. We're all just kidding in. Have you seen one person walking around with a Biden? No. According to the media, they are, but no. No, wait a minute, no. Wait a minute, no, don't fucking cheat their way. They already said that there's no way they could succeed and it's fucking if, if Trump, if Trump wins, they're going to keep doing these. That's what it makes. That's what it makes. That's what it wants to do to mail it, balance. You want to hear something about, you know what's so frustrating about that? John, you tell me. Wait, listen, we have we have a mail-in system. It's called absentee voting. What do you know is, register voter. You send away for a mailing ballot. They send it to you. You fill it out and you send it in. If you go actually on voting day and go to the polls to try to vote, they won't let you vote because you already voted. They have it. Because they sent you a ballot. We have that system. The Democrats just want to mail ballots out. That's all they wanted. And there's 80 million of them that they want to mail. And they're going to mail the houses where people have four different sets of. Now the statute has already been proven that it's, that it's, it's right all over the place. It's already been proven this one lady on a 50,000 ballots. They got the mail in throwing the mail away. They got all this, they're the only way that they're going to try to pull a Biden-victory out of this is by manipulating those 80 million mail invoices. The only chance he's got because the guy is fucking, he's like, we can't get Bernie's every time he stand up. It's like two people holding them up. It's by the party fucking dead. You don't know where he is. You don't know what he's saying. It was his wife. You don't know anything. All he knows is Orange Man Bad. That's the question. It comes winter. It comes winter. It comes winter. It comes on election night. Three weeks later, they're going to fucking change. You're saying, uh, more ballots are coming in. It's just you're going to do. That's exactly what they're going to do. It's what he knows. He said it. They already talking about the rush of being a jail that he loses. Oh, fucking that shit already. He's a hell of a reason. What rush. That's who he's in rush. That is the stupidest fuck. Anybody who believes that shit is unbelievable. Biden's son Biden's son that died paid from the from the chain. It's documented. The game of billion dollars, the Chinese government is now going to back gave him his son Hunter of billion dollars never. How did this turn into a political, until a political discussion. I don't know. I'm going to talk about Phil competing in the event. Everything is about politics. Yeah, like even in this sport. You know what? It's old guys love to talk about politics. You haven't noticed that? It's like five. Yeah. The stock market. Yeah. Golf. Yeah. Young girl. Hey, you're. Let's talk about your motorcycle. John, that was way more interesting. Young latinas. What do you think about this guy? I got to tell you, what do you think about this guy? You're a Tyler couple of the picture. I'm going to be interviewing him later. Nick Walker, who won the North Americans, the overall open man. Oh, he looks free. What a free disguise, right? Oh, shit. I couldn't believe what that guy looked. He's like a throwback guy from like the 90s. Don't you think? Yeah. Where'd you get to find him? I didn't find him. You know, he found us. He competed. He's making beating since he's like 17, but he keeps improving every year. You know, now you're Corey? No, he's not. Now I just put it up. I said, it's a great picture of him, you know, but oh, God, I looked like freak from the right. Like, said the 90s looking incredible. He looked like like, like, like, how we wanted to see tree brewer luck. He reminded me. Yeah, right? Yes. Yes. Yes. Like when tray was coming up, everything else is going to be the next coming. He is like the the he is the next coming of tray brewer, basically. How did tray brewer just disappear? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know what. I see still he's coaching people and stuff. But he just, I think he just mentally lost it. I mean, look at a size of this guy. I was pulling at the time the most promising rising star. It was, everybody was looking forward to it. I know. But Nick walking, he's for real this kid. I mean, he's a freak. I love it. You know, and he was talking about his training. He trains just like, you know, like, I used to train low volume, high weight, you know, not a lot of sets of the Dorian, you know, and it works. Look at the size of his physique, you know. You know, that's called dropped a rep. She increased the dosage. No, it means, let's have your weights heavy weights build muscle, right? I'm just fucking on. You know, I'm just fucking on, you know, you got to get muscle a reason to grow. He's huge man. But I'm more impressed with honey, the broader than me man. 100, 100, 100, 100, the next, I think in the next two years, he'll be the mix there. Let me. He's pretty sick, man. He's got a shape like his dad, but it's even like six people. Oh, he's not think they're about the same height. But he's, well, he's a lot tall than his father. Lee had to be like five. No, I'd say, 10. Lee had to be five four, at least. But he's been a big building. He's big. Much bigger, the least. Lee never weighed more than 185 pounds on stage. Yeah, but he's killing physique. Yeah, oh, no, he was a great fan of great. He's a 30, if you didn't. It's a second, a couple times. Yeah, a lot of people, you know, one year, a couple years they tested for drugs, you know, the drug testing. She's a conco. And yeah, and that's when Lee, the broader probably should have won when Haney was did not look like the old Haney, you know. I don't, I think it was before an 91, I think it was the 91, the 90, a limpier. The Haney came in 20 years, 20 pounds lighter, though. Yeah, it was a big, Lee really looked much better than I thought, but that's because Haney was probably really natural. He was fucking with a 20 pounds lighter. Probably probably was. He probably think, well, I got to, I got to fall the rules, you know. I love, I love, I love, both of the least, a good guy. First, both of them were here with my house. I got to put your, you got the post, you got the post, and we're the great interview with him on Fitness Famin Fortune. He should check it out with Lee LaBron. Yeah, that was good. I got you to hear part of it. Oh, LaBron, you took it about a Haney. Both, we did them both. We had them both. Yeah, I had both here in my house. Is it dead? Yeah, but Haney hates spaghetti and meatballs. I know, I love that picture. Yeah, when you're mumbling. He's kept on my mother's sausage. I love it. He's he had great things like last said best said. That's as easy as junk butter soup. That's like, that's like the Ronnie Colvin. That's just junk butter soup with the fucking snot. That's what it's like, nothing butter peanuts. That's Ronnie Colvin. You know, say, yeah, Jimmy, like, Cody Niley. That's Emily, but the way we think it's stimulant, Dylan, now like it's right. It's Southern Wizz. I'm sorry. He tells a really funny story about what him and Gritchie Spari were training for the Olympia at at the Golds in Rassita that despite it was a fucking hot head. He was a typical Jersey short like, you know, question guy is really good. Yeah, he's a Jersey short. We don't hot head, all right. And he's kicking people off the machines and telling them, you know, how many more such you got? You're done. Get the fuck out of it. We're training at a focus focus. And he's one night. There was this gang of guys outside the gym and they're like, all talking and Haney gets there early. And he goes, hey, fellas, what's up? You know what's happening? We're going to get you trained a partner. We're going to fuck that mother fucker. We're on it. We're sick of that shit. That guy comes in and kicking every boss and everybody around. And Haney's going, whoa, whoa, you can't kick him. Kick his ass. So yeah, I need him. I'm a fan of free. He's trying to be real empty. Let me talk to him. Let me talk to him. Let me talk to him. He's just a kid. He's doing it. I thought he died. I thought he died in the car. He he fell asleep and he went into my car, right? And when he sleeps, we've heard the story for a long time, Greg. Yeah. All right. He when he felt when he sleeps his eyes, it is eyes don't close all the way. You know what I mean? So it looked like I was, I kept looking at him like I'm like holy fuck, you see that? I thought he was at that body. I have a knee step does that what she sleeps. You know, if you walk in the room, it's like she's staring at you, but she's asleep, you know? And I don't even know if he knows that. I mean, I told the story because they in times, you know, so now you're getting a people. I don't think he's talking about that. Well, it just fell. So you know, we need to sleep in the eyes. Well, I think we hated used to take maps between sets. Did he? He said he would take 20 second maps. No, that's runny. Yeah, that's runny. Brian Dapsion tells the best fucking story about Ronnie Coleman. That's fucking one time they went fishing and they quote like a 25 fish. I forgot what kind of fish they were. And they breded them and then they cooked them on a fucking grill. And then they said get a, because your blind doctor's got a grill down here, right? So he said he got a, he put him out on a, on a platter, you know, where to, you know, by the front desk at a gym and Ronnie was doing chess. You know, so he said I got a phone call. He goes in the back. He makes a focus on a phone for like a half hour. It comes out and there's two fish left. And one shell like a bite mark in it, you know, and he's like, holy shit. And he looks over Coleman. And Coleman was out cold sleeping on the bench and he said his gut was sticking out like this. And he woke him up. He said, Ronnie, did you eat all those fish? He said, I left too. You know, I mean, you know, because you know, Ronnie is a deficient. And so you know, and Brian Dapsion, I thought that was a great fucking story. That was a good story. That's a classic story. I can't Ronnie eat like 20 fucking 23 24 fish and fucking left to him. I think the Kai Green has the record for the most fish in one day. No, I don't think I don't think Ronnie could touch Kai Green when it comes to eating fish. I think like 10 pounds of fish in that. That's like that's like literally like what like probably, I don't know, like a thousand grams of protein, right? I don't know, but it's a score of fish. It's like a hundred grams of protein per pound. Because Ronnie always throws them farts, bro. Can you imagine if fucking when it happens? You know, you have speaking to the fish market. You know, Kenny Jones, right? Greg? Yeah. Of course. Kenny Jones is to go to the full fish market at like five in the morning. Like when the like I like a Monday morning, I think whenever this whenever the boats would come in and he would buy direct for you used to try and he wanted to get me to go with him one day and I I just couldn't get up that early. That's when I used to go to bed really late and wake up really early. I would really late in the afternoon. He would go there and he would buy all his fish fresh and he would drive those guys crazy. You know, he'd get the best pieces. He'd get good deals on it. And you know, they probably found them amusing as hell because he was out of his mind, you know. So, but he would go there and he would he would eat all fish every single meal too. He said it would come out of his pores. You'd smell the fish coming out of him because if you eat them, it's like home and was fucking fishing that shit with a bucket. You know what I mean? Like you know, catch a fish and a drone and then the bucket. It brand. I got another one. You know what I mean? Like you know, I'm pushing off a bridge and something on the side of the, you know, like get a fuck. I don't know what kind of fish it was. It was a catfish or something. I'd be deranged. It was the tell me that he would drive what Ronnie and he said that he would stop like every fucking 20 minutes of shit. He'd want to get like food, you know, it was crazy. And he would be like, well, you know, a lot of McDonald's and burgers and shit. I love him. Kenny Jones is a name associated with some shenanigans. He's a unique individual. What's your name? It's a little bit. Besides that being redundant, it's very true. I'm going to great story about Kenny Jones and Fort Lauderdale. There's a bar called the elbow room on the corner of Lasso, Las Boulevard and the beach. The famous locations in the Scott two, two floors. Scott of balcony and a bar at the bottom is right on the wall. It's on the street, but the water is across the street. So I'm walking down in the bar's famous for fights. So I'm down there and walking around and quite, I'm on a bicycle actually. I'm going to, and I look up, I'm across the street and I look up and there's his fight going on. It's all this commotion, right? And the next thing you know, I'm standing there by the red light, three guys go flying off the balcony onto the deck below. And then you see this guy, Kenny Jones, doing a flying front kick down the stairs and it picks out two guys down the stairs and it's flying front kick. Then he gets to the bottom and he's like, he's people these guys are like dropping like flies. Not in the eyes at one time and it's Kenny Jones. He's like a four feet. Ha ha, you know, he's a black belt in karate. He took out. He took out the whole barn. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't know that. There was like Bruce Lee. What a funny thing. The flying, the flying kick down the stairs. I'll never forget that as long as I live. You see that foot out in front of him and he's in the air and he's parallel to the bandester flying through and he knocks one guy with the kick and another guy with an elbow and he lands at the bottom and he's like, who's next? He was ready to kill everyone. He was probably like this. This will be your last date. You know, you're a perfectionist. You know, the mouth that the one that's a perfectionist. But man, he took these guys out in like one second. He was like boom, boom, one guy goes flying off the rail and the other guy goes flying off the railing. Another guy goes flying off and he's flying down the stairs two more guys and then he's wants more and and and what's the floor? What's the floor? What's the floor? Waterdale, right? You still hearing New York don't I haven't seen him and he was living in Florida for a while. Did he buy the emperor and disappear? I don't know where he is now. But he bought a camp. He's back in New York though, I think. But he was definitely in Fort Lauderdale for a while. I remember that. Yeah. But then he had to sew this kind of lackey, water camp, or he was going to disappear. Yeah. We should find them and get him on his show. This guy is a stereotypical. Mr. G. She going to business with Kenny Jones or anything? Oh my god. Water fantastic idea that is right. Miss Jay. And they should hire Steve Selver and two probably to work. You know, I just saw him. He was on the boardwalk. I just saw him on the boardwalk and see side heights. What were you doing there? Oh, dropping your knees off? I just went for like two nights, you know, bang the girlfriend shit, you know, you didn't call Mr. G. Up? No. Hey Greg, tell me when you come up. Take your ass surfing. Yeah. Remember I told you, yeah, I'm going to do that. I'm going to come, I'm coming back. But let me, I'm going to go surf from Brown, afraid. But uh, my I'll get you up first. I'm going to remember that's right. I met that guy at the, at the quick mark that says, oh, I want you guys on it. Oh, I know. And it, and he was asking about George. George went so hard. Hi. This is the one that's on the guy. I've got a look at the cook. Yeah, you sent me that picture. I broke the cook kid and he has no show. Yeah, yeah, called muscle central. That sounds, sounds familiar to me. But that's, he used to compete. Yeah, I'm going to ask the Harry goes, goes to his plate, goes into that place too. Goes where? To the, to the gas station, he works at a rich, yeah, because I was in Tom's river right where you are right up to street. But you know, it was with the girlfriend and I didn't have really have time to get a holdy, but you know, I definitely want to get, we'll hook up. Did you see the size of the owner? How big the owner is it? Where? At that, at that, at that, at that, at that, at that, at that, oh, you made a quick start? No, I didn't see him. Get away, it's like five or six hundred pounds. Why didn't you get him to do a transformation with you? I was going to get him to the other cook you hired. I, that's crazy. I saw a silverman down there though. I saw him. He was there. He's cutting hair now. He's cutting hair. He's, he's a barber. You know. Yeah, told me he was doing it. It was doing, you know, we was doing some barber work. He actually looks like a young Greg Valentino, doesn't he? A little bit. Yeah. He's better looking in me. You look like you can be his dad. Listen, when you go to a barber dirty, expecting him, when I go to a barber, I don't want to grow. I expect to, you know, guy, you know, cut my hair, you're with the month. Yes, we're all screw. Yeah, and do your, in Jersey, it's women. I went to barber shop, it's all women. I'm like, I'm like, I don't know, this is a barber shop. Not a hair slum. That's going on. He played. Dave, do you know who he looks like? I'm going to hit you with this. You're going to be like, oh, shit. You don't really look like to me. I'm a young friend, Holtby. Yeah, he does. He's got that same stocky build. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It looks like, but even in the face, a little bit like friend Volpi. When I first saw him, I'm like, hopefully shit is that Volpi, but you know, Volpi's not jacked anymore. No. And then, you know, it was, it was the Ram. The Ram. Yeah. I like him. He's a good kid. Now I had him on the show a couple months ago. He sees his balance. Yeah, I was on the show. That's right. You are, yeah, he's hysterical. He's very, very funny. He's a good guy like him. He's had some problems, you know, drugs that he admitted that, you know, he went to jail for a little while, but now he's, you know, hopefully he's on the straight now or now. But he's, yeah, he's cutting him. Mr. G, you should look him up. I think he's right in your area there. You could probably go get your haircut by him. I definitely will because just, no, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's Barbara chicks. That's what he does. He's a barber. You can go right there. Yeah. I want to, and I want to put my one foot hot cream on. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, he's a, that's what I want to. That's what I want to. That's what I want to. That's what I want to. I'm not going to make, I give you a size, all in my brother, my brother with. Yeah. My brother, no, my beard. He charged. When, when Blackman came for us. Yeah. Black with her. We were still, I said, brother, you can't put massages on the, on the, on the, And the, the,. B.G. B.G. Next week. Sunday. High, that gray head hot cheap eggs. Six, the, th,t. Stock gang in the chicken eggs has hot cheap eggs on it. A little. Wool is not going to save, it's just something that lives as fine collapsed. Genie, you got to bring Bobby under a show, for a little bit. I'm gonna, you will never get off. You will never get off the air, Jonathan, if he comes out. Oh, and you and I can take a break. Yeah, I'm gonna show you when I Skype with my brother So I Skype with my brother he thinks he's talking Talking on the speaker ball he talks like this This is what he does like dagger up Probably that I speak about Well, you a brother watch text me no shit 20 something times in less than five minutes and I got a flip-punch I'm like what the fuck I thought it was just broke it Great so he's by the text with his with his plan I Without gonna do it this year wait till next year and we're gonna have a whole thing We were gonna get I told you can't do it this year Yeah, you have to do it this year. There's no next well we were gonna get a bull you don't want those both my cows a bulls Yeah, I'm a cat a cow couple We're gonna get a wrestle ring with veggie wrestle magic. You know, we're gonna have Shack dance contest We were gonna get I was ordering check 25 inch Those shoes that's that's so I shoot really a fair and it's She had a weather shoes How funny would that been? I would have been a star Well, I wanted to just wrap before you wrapped it up. I wanted to say a fill. You know, I'm really proud of you What you went through to get get to that North American championships You're gonna be even better in four weeks from now at the master's national's which is gonna be held by the way guys for you Who weren't listening earlier gonna be in Orlando Florida so Gary you didn't team moved it to the show to Orlando and fill will be down there for that show competing for being 35 and over in the open category there oh actually master so it's 35 and over that's it But it's gonna be another great show. I'm really happy that guys like Gary you did a making these shows happen because You know what this a lot of guys are missing out on pro card opportunities because these shows are being canceled left and right And it's nice to see that body building has has restarted again, so to speak and so I want to just wish fill of course We talk every day, but I want to wish you the best the luck in your preparations and you want to thank anyone You know before we go Yeah Of course you you know I've been with you. I think this is our fourth maybe fifth time working together. Yeah Like I said I couldn't ask for a better prayer Things went so well, so thank you. Thank you all my supporters Especially Going into this master's I had to find a couple sponsors that help make this possible my buddy great right My buddy Don Hard Broder My buddy Benny sport shack helps me with all my supplements Trying to think there's anybody out here For a film set because I have no money to compete, but I'm gonna try to find a sponsor 30 seconds later He's like all right I got 500 bucks about 90 seconds out there. He's like all right I got a thousand bucks. I can do it Yeah, my wife she helps me with my food and prep my food but as far as mental support No, as soon as she found out that I told you know I'd like to tell you my I'm gonna tell you wife I'm against I'm on her side Yeah, I was done and that's somebody said well, why don't you do my sisters nation? I said well, if I can come up with the money then I'll do it So my wife's like oh yeah, that's okay. What people start sending money? She's like you're gonna take that I don't need your shit, you know I can't wait to my mom sees this because nobody else knows I'm a competing So now I'm gonna hear it from my mom and my sister and everybody I'm gonna go out So yeah, let me ask you quite what what you said you gotta go to work if you like where else do you work? Like what do you do? I just I work in the plants and late trolls. That's it oil fields oil plant Yeah, it's a chemical plant. I respect that a guy that works that is you know Well, I'm a personal trainer you know, I mean I wish I if I could feel the client's ill I'll help them love to do that But I can't I can't get the client to have a Step three kids. It's great. He's got to support the kids, you know No, I know you got to do so drunk I'm just kidding. It's just Jimmy. Jimmy's calling me Well, I love to tell us no red. Yeah, yeah Of course, he's got technical difficulties. What? I made it so easy John. I basically said here's a link clicked on the zoom link I can't make it any easier to call the call the shower Strangers call it to the show. It's so easy and Jimmy can't get on the easier. You click the link right. He can't throw it Jimmy Jimmy quick you're on the show that the Show When you got to go through this the jeez following you know you're in You put my speaker George at least George put him on speaker You can't you guys can't hear You can't hear I see your phone He's in Huntington he said that he's trying he's got a person sounds like he's yelling from Huntington Oh, you can hear Why don't you put it on speaker I thought I heard Huntington I Got other people to interview today Real people interview film man best a lot. Thank you for joining us today You know hopefully all your fans enjoy your little Episode he had to I want to get Phil a chance to talk about the What he went through Thought is important and you're welcome back anytime when you win we'll get you back again, of course All right, I'm gonna wrap this thing up Greg love you man George These were out of cookies and John Pilts congratulations Congrats all right That's it. I'm Dave Palombo of course with the entire whack pack John Romano Mr. G Greg Valentino Jimmy the ball and Philip border loan joining us today. We'll see you next week