Day Palombo here with an RX muscle, news update, the Texas Pro has let out and in the men's open division, in Valier has won. Yes he has won. This is two big wins for him, back to back Tampa Pro, Texas Pro. He had a come from behind or at least it looked like he had a come from behind because having a lot of people had Steve Cuclough winning that pre-judging. But according to the judges, that was not the case. The judges had it quite differently. The judges had Ian just narrowly winning the pre-judging and then they had him pretty convincingly winning. The night show now we're looking right here at Xavier Wells, my good friend. That's top body, that's a good footage. I was just playing that. You can see Steve Cuclough in the middle here. Steve was really, I thought dominated the pre-judging. I think he did enough to win. I think Ian came back tighter. I knew it was close. We said in my wrap up of the pre-judging, I knew it was going to be re-judged at night here between these three guys. Ian just came back better. He's got a lot of wow to his physique. I think Cuclough, I thought he did enough for pre-judging and yet he still wasn't in the lead. What does that tell you? That tells you that the judges really liked Ian's look. They liked him in Tampa. They liked him here. They gave him the nod, although by one point in pre-judging, and then it seemed like at night when he came back for the finals when he tightened up a little bit, they said, you know, this guy has got all the bells and whistles we want, and then they gave him straight firsts that looks like. But it was a very close battle. I mean, Cuclough, hard, was very, very close to Cuclough at the end of the day. I don't know why Cuclough seemed to have dropped down so much after the pre-judging. I thought he looked really good. I wasn't there, obviously. So, you know, it's sometimes it's hard to see the little nuances. Both him, I think, all three of these guys looked incredible. You know, you really can't almost, there's nothing you can really say about the fact that the way the judge's decision went. And we were just looking at Hassan Mustafa who we'll talk about in a minute. But I think that, you know, when you evaluate at the end of the day, you know, who is the better person when it's that close, you know, it's personal preference. And so, even if each judge thought that, you know, Ian was just a little better at the end of the day, he's going to get the win, you know. And so, that's what I'm going to matter. I'm a little upset that Steve didn't win only because I wanted to see him get the qualification in the end or he had the qualification. But the judge's job is the judge's the best man. And they felt that Ian Dahlia did enough to win this show. He gets two wins. He gets 10 grand. And so, he made it, he definitely made it worth his wild to be there. And, you know, he's got to come in from Canada. He's got to do crazy quarantine on the way back and then, you know, so for him, he didn't to show us, you know, coming into the US is probably worth it. Now he can take the 10,000, take a little bit of vacation, although that really, because we're going to see him at the Arnold class next month. So, congratulations on the big win. You know, like I said, I'm really, really excited for the fact that we are seeing top-top quality guys in the, you know, division now that are doing so well. And it's exciting. It's like it's not a foreground conclusion. We didn't know who was going to win this show. I mean, if you think about it, right? I mean, it could have gone to anyone. Look at Phil Clohar. I mean, who finishes third year. You know, he's arguably as good as he can be, you know. And I said this after the pre-judging rap, obviously, he's going to have a lot of difficulty winning here because he doesn't have the structure of a cooclow or a valier. And yet he's still almost snuck in there. So I think my hat off him. He did tremendous. I mean, we go back to the back poses on here, which I really believe, you know, what won it for valieria in the end, although I thought cooclow after pre-judging really had it. But valieria has a lot of, you know, loud to his physique too. This had to be a tough battle for these judges when it was all set and done. I personally, I really like both cooclow and valieria physique. I think that cooclow will make it to the Olympia somehow. I don't know how. I think, you know, obviously doing the oral classic, you know, I don't, you know, he'd have to get a win there, which seems unlikely. But, you know, at the end of the day, I, you know, once again, I feel bad for him because he really showed up at his best at this show. And, and what else can he do? He absolutely belongs on that Olympia stage. I mean, we talk about special invites. I mean, I don't know if maybe by he'll collect enough points, but he only this is only show of the year. So I have a feeling that's not going to happen. And we probably won't see cooclow unless they do extend the special invite to him. That's what happens to me when you wait for the last minute, sometimes, still in you bank all your, you know, put all your cards into one show. If I would cooclow the cotton on an airplane and flew to Spain to do the tomorrow night is this show in Spain. So maybe you could have gotten into that show and won that at the last minute. I don't know, but, you know, I don't even know if that was being a possibility. But I certainly would be trying because he looked so good, you know, I really, I really, really, I feel like one. I think a lot of fans want to see him on stage, too, at this point. And, you know, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's disheartening because, you know, they these guys work so hard, you know, and he's in his home state here. I, I, just, I have to imagine that, you know, he's, he's probably sitting home right now and he's really disappointed, you know, and that's, uh, unfortunate because, you know, he, he put so much effort into it. Let's talk about some of these other competitors though because he wasn't a three man show. There were other guys in the show. A sudden, a stop, I thought, looked really, really good. I thought that, you know, at the end of the day, you know, we know that he's having problems getting his, you know, conditioning downpatt. I thought he looked pretty good here. I think he just, I think his body is not responding anymore as what's happening. And, and when your body stops responding, there's really nothing you can do. You can die, die, die, die, die. You can continue to push your body and it's just, it's not going to make any difference. You know, and I think that a lot of people have figured this out the hard way. I remember one year when I did the, um, I think it's the USA, the North American and the nationals all one year. I said to myself, you know what, I'm always in a shape. I can do these shows. I can peek over and over. And unfortunately, you know, my body just looked tired by the third show. And even though I was hard, it was hard. I actually think he looked good here. I think that when you, when you go and you get to line up against, you know, top Olympia guys. I mean, with huge structures. I mean, at the end of the year, I mean, I think he was just out there. He was just going to be a gun here. And I don't even know how he been in the best shape of his life. How he been able to, would he? I don't know if he would have beaten Cuclowe or Ian. And I don't even know if he would have beaten Phil Claw, to be honest with you because they were that good. And we haven't seen Huston Mustafa for his best. But, you know, he has a slightly narrow structure. And because he has a narrow structure, it can sometimes, you know, in a line, a lot of money looks great. But when you put him in the line up with other guys, you know, he doesn't look so great. You know, I think a guy that we have to really take a look at, though, however, in this line up would be Martin Fitzwater. I mean, here's a guy who I don't think anyone, even even was on anyone's radar. I don't think anyone picked this guy for top five. And he was able to come into this line up against a really good feel of people and show that, you know what, I belong up here. And he's from Colorado. I really didn't know much about him prior to this. And I think he's going to surprise a lot of people in the future. He's got a really nice structure, small ways, big legs, good arms. Can he be a little tighter? Yeah, I think he's got to tighten up a little bit. And I'd like to see him even so out that frame a little more. And I think if he does, we're going to see some really nice things from him in the future. It's nice when you see Newtown in there and a new guy sneaking into this lineup. To beat a guy like a Sond Mustafa. I mean, right there, that tells you that, you know, you did something special. And he didn't. Hasan had a settle for fifth place here. And, you know, he's got to be frustrated because Hasan has all this muscle. He's got these huge quads, big huge legs. He really has no weak body parts whatsoever. He just can't dial in the conditioning enough to show aesthetically his physique at its best. And that's really what it amounts to because when he's a little off and he doesn't have all that detail in his lower back, who's hamstrings, he looks, he could be a little blocky looking. You know, and I know that that will disappear when he gets in shape at a hundred percent. You're going to see lines that never existed. And that happened, I think with Rami also, when Rami would come in at, you know, 90%. He was huge and he was amazing, you know, but he didn't show enough separation in the areas where we look when we think about conditioning, which is glue hamstrings lower back. And when he finally dialed that in last year at the Olympia, all of a sudden we saw something that we hadn't seen. And I still think Rami could come and type. So at the end of the day, you know, this show, we're going to evaluate it five years from now. We're going to say, you know what, Ian Valley, you are established himself as a competitor that should be taken very seriously. And when I say it very seriously, I mean that he's going to be a top six Olympia guy. Obviously, the judges feel that that's probably the case. He got two huge wins. He was not afraid to compete against the best of the best. We're going to see him again at the Arnold Classic where he could give everyone a run for their money. You never know. He can walk out of there as the winner of that show. Don't be surprised. He's got a lot of momentum. I think he's getting a lot of stage experience from this. He's feeling more confident up there. I'd like to see him smile a little more in a lot of people. So, well, that's just as, look, I want to see him smile. He should be having fun up there. You got to project that to the audience. At the end of the day, however Steve Kukos got to be super disappointed. This was a big disappointment for him. I know it. I can feel it. I'd like to get him on my TV show and talk to him about it. But hopefully there's going to be a way we can get this guy to the Olympia. He belongs there. Phil, you know what? You should get a pat on your back man. You really delivered. I worked with him before in the past. He's a good guy. I know he's a super hard worker. Congratulations on this third place here. You went up against some dease these past two weeks. And you're hung in there. And you know, a lot of people thought you could have gotten a nod in Tampa. But you're going to come back next year bigger. And better. I know you will. That's going to do it for today. I hope you enjoyed today's little wrap up. If you want to see more Chris Ascito on heavy muscle radio, we'll be doing a complete wrap up with me of the entire show. All the classes on Monday, live. Probably around noon. You can tune it to that for now. I'm Dave Palembo with an RX muscle. It was up to it.