Alright, I'm over here at the Versa Gripber booth and I stop by your purpose. I'm here with Willah, what's your official title here? I'm one of the owners here. You're the owners. So you're the owners sent me my little gift package, a Versa Gripber booth. Yes, I did, actually. I'm so glad that you loved them. I do love them because you know, it's mostly a lazy factor. I don't like to use those straps that you hooked onto, you have to wrap around the bar and they're always coming off. Yeah, they break in the middle of the heavy set. Alright. How many times have you done heavy deadless and those old straps would break? Well, in the old days, it would happen all the time, but I'm actually very familiar with this one. Well, you also use, well, I live in Maine and they're manufactured in Maine. So I've used these for over, when I was training, I mean, these go back like 25 years. They have a history, right? Yeah, how did the company get started? We started in 98 and actually, it's a family owned business, my dad owned a gym, and people were complaining about lifting straps. And so he said, look to that, he goes, you know, I can make these better. Actually, and he's an inventor, he holds seven patents. He got his name was in Versa, wasn't it? No, he's name is Michael Parker, yes. He actually pated these in an inventor? Yes, he's right there, actually, that's that's it. That's it, that's it, that's it, come over here, that'll be a little bit dead. I didn't know, he was playing coy, I thought he was the clean up guy here, I didn't know. I didn't know the inventor, I'm on, and thanks the camera here. I'm the inventor, he's getting horse and janitor. When you were bodybuilder, or a lifter back in the day? I used to lift him. And so you saw the frustration bodybuilders had with the straight old straps. People, people would come into the gym, which is at a small gym, frustrating, because they hated straps. And I said, you know, I hate straps too. I said, so I went back and back two days later, I came back to him with early prototype. I've got four or five other patents. And so I came back at them and they were like, yeah, this is the right angle. So then a number of part of the types later, we've got what we've got. Anything was invented out of Maine, I really didn't, but I'm happy to know that you guys have some production. Yes, we actually manufacture them right in the United States, right in Maine as well. So it's very exciting. Of course, I actually liked them, but I don't think that I use them right, because sometimes they don't fit right. Can you show me how to put these on? Because I noticed you guys have a little barbell set up here, and I know the viewers that they like to see me do stupid things like lift and punch bags like I did before. So I could actually, my shoulders actually function in the deadlift, so maybe you could put them on my wrist. Well, there is a right in the box, and how do you know which is the right? I tell because there's actually a little place for your thumb. So, yes. I never knew that Chris, I've been using these for 15 years. Well, imagine that you may be using them wrong and they're working great. So imagine if you're doing right. And it's a patented product because it stands up in front of your hand. So it's a self-supporting breakfastist. Yes. So I put this on this way. Yeah. So we're going to have a big hand. So you have a switch, switch hands into my collar. Alright. So they're ergonomically designed to be funnelshape, so that they rest at the base of your hand. Very comfortable, by the way. So it's not going to restrict any of your blood circulation. It doesn't leave those stupid talisons on your hand because it's got padding in there. Exactly. And actually there's a built-in arch support. So it prevents carpal tunnel. I don't even know I had an arch in my hand. It's to prevent. Yes. Just like a feather. It has been not. Exactly. So it stands up in front of your hand. So you time you go to a pulling exercise. You're going to take it and simply wrap it around the bar. And the bar goes down. That way, no. To get the other one on my hand. And then I'm going to try to do some deadlifts with that here and see how it feels. I think I need a new pair. I might have worn my old ones out. And this is a new camouflage that just came out this week. Oh, I like this. I hope support the military. I know that no one's going to be jealous because she's military. Look at that military. Kamo. There are also available in pink for women. You want paint Chris? No, I don't want paint, but what I do want microphone. I want them to come out for the next pro's versus pros. And maybe they can become a sponsor for the deadlifts competition. You'll be amazed. You'll be amazed at what people live. I'm a little creaky. I'm a little creaky because I have a no. I'll handle the narration. Here's Dave trying to do this. These actually look like small plates. But we have 800 on the bar. 800 rounds everybody. Okay. I should not be taking my speakers off. It's better. They like the thing. You want to just sum up. You want to do a sum of styles? Sum of style or regular style. Yeah, because I like to bring my glue to the whole fellow split my shorts. Because I've done that before. Don't get a buy set. We don't want two buy set here. So one week. That's right. Jay Cutl is enough for one. Here we go. And he's up. One. Two. Two. Your middle two fingers. So your grip is locked on. Look at that. Look at that. He's not even. You're not even. So you think that's very comfortable. Very comfortable. Yeah. You know what you should hold the cuteness. Who can hold the bar the longest like this? Yeah. I would go for Eli Blue Hood. He's in the audience over there. Our grip is our weakest link. So in order to max out our larger muscles. Right. We need the assistance with our grip because that is. We're going to get our first. We owe that. Even Ronnie told and uses grips. And I think I've seen him use a couple of these first grip. I'm so. I love these first grip as well. I think it's a great invention to get that. He should be putting the body building whole faith for this. Exactly. It helps you train better. Look at people by these things. Are you combined with versey grips dot com. You can also find us on Facebook. You come a fan. So it's versey grips. Train better. Versey grips dot com. The best gripers in the business. I don't endorse just anything. And Chris doesn't just endorse anything. These are great. I hope you guys come on board. Roseverse, pros. If we get everyone wearing these, I bet you they do an extra five reps. Absolutely. Thank you so much. All right. We got more to do. Day polumba with Chris Isido. Our axmuscle dot com. Thanks for watching.