Welcome back to live with brought to you by Species Nutrition Visit Speciesnutrition.com. I'm Dave Palombo and today's guest is a good friend of mine and to the show and he's backed by popular demand, he's the world's strongest bodybuilder, stand-efforting. What's up, big Dave? How you doing? Good. That title is a great title for you, you know, because it's really apropos in the sense that you really are the world's strongest bodybuilder. And I still think to this day, even given some of the lifts I've seen by the late Dallas Macarver and a key Williams, I still think that, you know, in the three lift max, you know, the bench press, the deadlift, the squat, you still got the, you still got the undeniable record. Well, I did it on the platform, that's the main difference, but I have to put a qualifier in there now that the world's strongest pro bodybuilder, because that freak, Larry Williams has been doing some crazy stuff, Larry wheels. Larry wheels, yeah, what are you, what are you thinking about? I'm going to ask you about that. Yeah, he's ridiculous, you know, and so I have to put that other little qualifier in there. The world's strongest pro bodybuilder over 50, I love that. What do you think wheels is potential is in terms of powerlifting and bodybuilding in your estimate? I think it's limitless. Your mind's moving young Ronnie Cole, and obviously he has to volumeize that tall body. He's 61. Yeah. And so he's going to have to, you know, get more sweep to the quads and hamstrings, but he's a, he's just a really big muscular guy, but you know, more importantly than the bodybuilding aspect is just that he's a real athlete. He's a physical specimen. So, and he's so young. He's 24. So, yeah. He'll feel that, he'll feel that body out. You know, and I've learned that lesson a long time ago that the heavier I lifted at some point, it kind of impairs hypertrophy, and you have to set that aside for months at a time, at least twice a year to try and build more volume. It's interesting because sometimes powerlifting right, you know, is because of the way you guys lift to get the strength aspect of it. You sometimes neglect some of the hypertrophy aspect of it. To me, we all look like he's just a, he's a natural lifter. I don't even think this, does he even think plan that far in advance? Is he even think like you would in that sense or does he just go and lift? I don't know. He loves to lift, but he's going to make a life out of this. He loves to, you know, to compete. I think the big thing is with powerlifting is that you end up using a lot of muscle groups and leverages and tendons, joints, and that, you know, to use to specifically use, you know, say a quadricep muscle, you just have to get a greater range of motion. You can't be loading onto your glutes and onto your spine directors and using your hip flexors. And that's the big challenge because we're so focused on how much weight we lift is supposed to whether or not the quad is doing the work is compared to all those other muscle groups. Yeah, you know, you're right, but I mean, when I look at wheels lift, it's like, it's not like watching another paddle lift. When I see a paddle thing on their bar, it's such a mental focus and then, and it almost looks nervous like, and you don't know if they could be, this guy gets under the bar like he's at the beach, he's up like that, and reminds me of a game William's so, and it's just looks so easy for them. He doesn't look like he's straining. He looks like he's just, he's very supposed to be. Does that make sense here? Makes sense. Yeah, he's a feet on. I had some throughout my career. I had some times at which it seemed like everything I touched was light and I understand the feeling. It's been for it. It's not that way anymore, of course. You have a very interesting story that I've stamped because you spent many years working on a company. I don't want you to explain what you did, and you sold the company for a lot of money, and then you said, you know what, now I'm going to live the body going dream that I wanted to dream, which is, you did it in the right order. Some guys try to do the dream first, but explain to us how you got into this business and what it was all about. Well, I wanted to be a pro bodybuilder from the time I was 17 years old. I used to, when I was in college at the University of Oregon, I used to get my car and drive down the gold's Venice, take a long road trip, and sit and watch those guys train. Right. What's interesting is the side note is that the same things that they did way back then in the late 80s are proving to be the most beneficial to the day with all the science that has come out and all the studies and the research and the great information that we have accessible. A lot of them are saying the bros were right. And every single one of those guys, as you recall, was training twice a day. They were eating six to eight times a day. They were sleeping eight nine hours a night plus a nap. And it was almost every single day. They didn't just pound it away at it for months and months and years and years. And those are the things that stick in my mind as being the pervasive, I think, consistent things that you have to do to be successful. But I wasn't, you know, I wasn't gifted in that regard. I was 135 pound guy in college. And so I did everything I could to chase my dream as far as I could. I thought that lifting the heavier weights would make me bigger. And at some point I learned my lesson that is because you're stronger doesn't necessarily mean you're, you're look better for bodybuilding. Right. So, you know, I changed gears at about 1997 or so. I competed solid for over 10 years. And then I started a business. I realized that power lifting a bodybuilding is never going to be a career. At the time, we didn't have social media. You couldn't monetize that. Right. I asked you winning and in the magazines and getting sponsorships. There was no way to create your own value. Very different picture today. So I spent 10 years building a business. I didn't compete. There were times there where I didn't even train for a year or two. Wow. And it wasn't until about 2006 that I came back and decided that I was going to compete again. But by then, like you said, I had created a couple of successful businesses. I built a telephone company into a $25 million year business. And I had built and converted and sold nearly $60 million in real estate during that time. And still. You get into that, though, stand. How did you learn about all that stuff? Was that just something that you kind of fell into? Or was it something you were interested in before that? You know, you're making it seem like it was so easy. But how did you do such that something so elaborate, I should say? Well, I was important that you asked that question because I had the intellectual property. I had experience in that all throughout the time that I was in college and after college, I was managing large apartment communities and helped to develop or build 150 units, you know, $15 million in community. So I learned a lot of that. And then we had our own telephone and cable access. And so I learned all about that. And then I worked for a billion dollar reed, running a hundred million dollar property. It was 1,200 units with almost 3,000 people living in it. And so I had the experience. I did it already for someone else. And that's important because I knew a lot about it. And so when I started my own very small phone company, I already had, you know, as Vice President of the telecommunications company for three years. So I knew about it. And I always encourage people to do things that are in their real house that they have experience, you know, knowledge. So they, you know, flounder for many, many years. Fortunately, I was able to be mentored by a good real estate developer. So, you know, first the phone company and with the revenue from the phone company, I was able to invest in real estate. And of course, at the time, you only needed 3% down. All right. You know, you could buy land and build properties and buy condo conversions and the bank with finance, the lion's share of the conversion. So we did really well. I bought and sold multiple department communities either in pole or part of the mountains into condos and built subdivisions and single family homes and bot commercial real estate and remodeled it and sold it. More of you like a service rack stand doing this. I mean, because you have to, you must have had huge loans you've taken out from the bank, you know, mortgages and stuff like that. That had to be very stressful. Yeah, absolutely. No, of course, at the time, the real estate market was booming. And that's kind of when I started getting back into bodybuilding. And I had a lot of free time. I had a lot of money. I had a good staff working for me. Right. And I was able to pop on a plane and fly down to train with Flex Wheeler for a couple months and then fly over and train with Mark Bell for a couple of months. And, you know, I've said before, I did a rant called, you know, I think I said, why I'm a hypocrite because I was able to pay Flex Wheeler. You know, that's not cheap. It's trading me twice a day for two months straight. Wow. You know, that's 15,000, 20,000 dollars. Wow. And that's black. So I'll try to keep it on your neck. And that's reasonable. That was a discount. That's a hundred bucks of session. That's right. Sessions a day is 200 bucks a day for two months. You're looking at, you know, 12 plus grand. And then even worse than that, just trying to stay in a hotel with a kitchen. Right. That's another hundred and fifty bucks a day. So I kind of started doing the math. And it might have cost me $40,000 just to win my bro card. You know, at least you got it now, right? You know, at least I got it. And I learned a lot in the process. There's no question. But that was an interesting time. I was able to go down and train with Charles Glass at the time. I was able to go out and train with Mark Bell. I spent two months there. I go out and train with Eddie Cohn. Right. You know, I was able to work with some of the greatest coaches in the industry. You know, I work with you on an offseason program back at the year of 2010. I absolutely took my guru course, too. Yeah. And I took your guru course. Matter of fact, I got the book right here. I didn't keep that. Kept that. And I thought I was sleeping just because I was day after that gum surgery. But I actually took notes. Wow. Look at that. You know, stay. But you're like a prodigy. You must have a photographic memory. I'm convinced of it. I don't know. I just all read something ten times or I'll watch a video over and over again with a note pad. And if I watch a really good video, I'm pissed because I have to watch it again with a note pad and write everything down that I wanted to remember. And so that's, and I try to put all this into my bucket, you know, my tool kit to work with over the years. And I apply it to myself. And you know, I did the blood tests every month for 12 years. Now I've done blood tests. And all kinds of different things to try and garner whatever information I can. Right. And I'm going to apply it to myself and then to others. But you're not to get. I watch your YouTube channels. I'm not to interrupt. But I didn't watch your YouTube channel. And I actually almost believe that you're reading off a script, which I know you're not because you're driving your car. I don't know how you do it. It's like you have some, you, it's a organized, you thought it's very well in your head. And you can, you know, and I, and I consider myself pretty good at articulating my thoughts. But you're like, like, almost like a computer reciting this stuff. I don't know how you're doing. It's a may. Yeah, you know, I get so tired of watching an hour video and getting 10 minutes or five minutes worth of information out. Right. That's my time's too valuable. So I didn't want to do that to people who watched me. And so I spent a lot of time all research and right and, and, for her, and record all of my stuff that I do. So I didn't do that. I didn't know that. That's interesting. Yeah. That's why I don't do them very often because it takes me three days to go one together. I feel better now because I thought you would just a prodigy, you know? Yeah, no, not at all. I watched your stuff and I've always amazed how you come up with this just right off the top of your Yeah, but you can do it for so long. Yeah. And I, you know, I just wanted to make sure that if somebody's going to tune in to me that they get, you know, all of their value in their time and the takeaways. I don't want to just sit and rant about nothing. I want to make sure that they can actually implement something from my videos to improve their performance. Or their health. When you were on Shark Tank, how many how how many times did you rehearse that script that you owe it to? It's gone. Yeah, I had my family sit in the living room holding up pictures of the sharks. I printed them out. Big pictures of the sharks. So I could feel like I was actually talking to them. I did a rant about it behind the scenes of the shark tank. So people knew that I practiced that dozens and dozens of times. It was good. It was great. I was like very entertained. I've watched it about ten times. You know, it's interesting though because, you know, you're a guy who's been a lot of money. You obviously are set for life. You don't need to make any more money. And yet you still are out there creating new businesses for yourself. You know, what's, is that just because you're a creative being that you need to constantly be doing something or is this something that you're really passionate about? You know, I'm just type A. I've got to dive into something. I don't know what I would do if I wasn't. I'll tell you this and a lot of people don't know this. I've talked about it a few times. When the real estate market collapsed, I lost $20 million over night. Oh, did you? Wow. Yeah. I went to bed on a Friday worth $20 million. And woke up Monday and the banks were calling me asking me to pay down these loans. It's kind of why I mentioned that you could put 3% down on a property. I owned a couple of apartment communities. I had 20 homes. I had just finished it hadn't been sold. I had a commercial building. We're $3 million. Right. I had a $2.5 million home. And the banks were lining up trying to get me to pay down my loans on depreciated properties. So let's say for instance, I paid $4 million for 100 unit apartment property. And I only had to put 3% down. So they asked me for 120,000 to holders. To buy that property. Wow. Well, when the market collapsed, all of a sudden the property was worth about $2 million. Right. And they wanted an 80% debt to equity ratio. So they wanted me to pay it down to 1.6. And I only had $120,000 down on the property. So they were chasing it for millions of millions of dollars. And of course, I personally guaranteed that. And then I had all my assets lined up against it. I had multiple homes. Condos, my home, my own doubt, right. Everything I owned other than my investments. I owned that right. And so it was a really, really difficult time. Kind of reminds me of Donald Trump's story in the 80s when the market collapsed. And he had to go to the banks at 4 a.m. in the morning. And I was in a similar situation. I had to negotiate. I had to postpone payments and get the afforded the opportunity to sell properties. And wow. That took a long time. And during that time, I obviously got out of the real estate market because that was horrendous. Sure. And started an engineering firm, started some medical marijuana businesses that we still have going and recreational businesses. And just kept, just kept fortune away. So I'm not as risk-tolerant as I used to be. Right. And certainly not as, let me say, comfortable as I used to be. So I'm a little more conservative now. I got out of it without being completely destroyed. I didn't jump in front of a train. Like most people did during the time. Yeah. You can remember many folks were, it was a bad time. But you know, that's just to me, I always looked out like monopoly. I didn't grow up with money. I was a very conservative home. I would say modest. My dad worked for the government. My mom was a homemaker. And so I never really looked at it. Is anything more than an adventure. And so I didn't take it too personally. To me, it's monopoly. And when I take out a credit card or I take out a loan on a home that the people that I do business with, they're investing as well. They're getting a return on their money. And they have to take some risk. So if I've got credit card companies calling me, I don't really care. It doesn't phase me. You guys took a risk, sucker. Yeah. You know, nobody's bailing me out. So I just reinvested my time and energies into something that I thought would provide a return. And fortunately, you know, I was able to build a couple more multi-millionaire companies in the meantime. So I'm certainly quite comfortable, but I'm not a fat cat like I used to be. Sorry. I'm behind Donald Trump at the UFC fight. So the second row. You know, it's a little bit old days. Stay at what explained the vertical diet. There's a lot of people. I kind of know what it is. But a lot of people have been asking me about, you know, what I think about it. Just explained to give us a brief synopsis of how you came up with this and what exactly, you know, under the ten and seven. You know, I created the diet mostly for performance. And I wanted to start with a solid foundation of highly bio-available micro nutrients, which means I wanted to eat the foods that were the most easily digested and provided the most vitamins and minerals. I don't look at a nutrition program in terms of macros, necessarily. I like to look at it in terms of bio-neutramps. I also designed it because, you know, if it fits your macros or macros, as it were, doesn't address gut health. And one of the big things I've always struggled with is that a lot of foods would wreak havoc on my gut. That's the bull oils and of course, when you're trying to bulk think just things like breads and pastas and pizzas and pancakes and, you know, all the carbs that we tend to forage on to gain scale weight. Don't necessarily sit on us very well. It causes insulin resistance and interferes with digestion and people are popping thumbs like crazy because they're getting gastrogrief lugs. That's very, very common in the industry. And this includes women who are dieting and they're just eating very nutrient-poor foods and egg white broccoli and they end up with deficiencies. Iron deficiencies, B12 deficiencies. So I wanted to create a diet that wouldn't cause bloating and gas. I focused on digestion first and make sure that I didn't have any problems with nutrient deficiencies. And you're huge on that as well. You're one of the few people that's really focused on vitamins and minerals and understands how important they are. We see all this metabolic adaptation. A lot of it is a result of micronutrient deficiencies. And so we make sure and get people adequate calcium, adequate magnesium, adequate sodium, adequate potassium. All those things are really essential for stimulating metabolism. And I added a few other items in there from my experience and from the literature that also seemed to help people with performance. And another thing that doesn't address is the immune system. Something like a macros diet doesn't address whether or not your digestion is adequate. It might be creating autoimmune deficiencies. Getting indigested proteins are indigested carbs into the smallest intestine and creating gas. Maybe turn the ability. That starts to lead to a lot of havoc. And ultimately, the big thing about the program is not just the vertical diet. It's the vertical diet and peak performance. And it takes into account sleep as a huge component that can't be separated from nutrition and digestion. It takes into account hydration, which is another huge component. It takes into account how all of these things affect hormones. We take a lot of abuse in this industry, Dave, you and I both. Because the industry is very commonly, a lot of people use performance enhancing drugs. And for a while, they can compensate for these deficiencies. Maybe they're experiencing metabolic adaptation because of these egg white and broccoli diets. But they toss in some thyroid or clumbuteral and they get a temporary fix for that problem. But taking thyroid doesn't fix an iodine deficiency. It doesn't fix an immune system problem. It doesn't address the source of the problem, the micronutrient deficiency. So ultimately, athletes end up rebounding. They end up with these deficiencies. And they come back all of a sudden progress stops. So it's a stop gap. It's a temporary thing. And so I wanted to get in front of it and make sure that my athletes didn't have nutrient deficiencies or hormone in balances that were caused by a lack of sleep because we're getting athletes up before in the morning to do an hour of cardio. When they've only gotten five hours of sleep, which suppresses testosterone, suppresses thyroid, you know, increases hunger, increases, you know, decreases metabolism. And we compensate for that by taking medications. And that's not a long-term plan. And so I wanted to create a diet that addressed all of that. And a lot of it, one of the big things with the diet is that when people are dieting, they tend to lose stamina and endurance and energy and just feel like shit. Because of metabolic adaptation, because their body temperature lowers, all of that happens. And so I put foods in there that help stimulate metabolism and help make them give them more energy. Sodium is obviously a huge piece to that. Wearing a CPAP, if they're sleeping, that's part of my program, if they aren't getting out of sleep and they snore. I am poor then to get CPAPs. And oddly enough, a great athlete like Hawthor, Ryan Shaw, 400 plus pound guys didn't have CPAPs and they snore. And I'll talk to their wives, and I'll talk to their girlfriends and I'll ask those questions. And remedy that problem because it's critical to their performance. The diet, stay eye-to-gay anyone over 250 pounds, probably, need CPAPs, because... Oh, 100% agreed. And I don't care how hard you train and how well you die it. If you're holding your breath at night, it's a done deal. Your performance is going to suffer. Yeah. And there's so many more things in there. I encourage the blood test because I want to find out what people are deficient in or if they have insulin resistance, they have low vitamin D. And so I try and encourage them to address all of those deficiency issues. And I put in a host of different foods. I make sure they salt their meals. I ask them to get in iodine because about 50% of athletes that sweat a lot. We have a iodine deficiency. And that's directly related to thyroid, which of course is metabolism and body temperature, which is critical for people who are trying to perform. How many people do you know stand nowadays to take in like Himalayan sea salt? You know, thinking or it's good for them. Himalayan, thanks to all the use of sea salt. They have no iodine. The regular stupid cheap store bought iodine salt is probably the best thing for you to use because of the iodine in there, which obviously, like you said, helps thyroid. You know, when I created the species of line of products through address, a lot of these things you're talking about because I knew people wouldn't get what they need from their foods. I see what people eat there completely devoid of minerals and vitamin. And I'm also, you know, I'm a big advocate of salting everything. People think I'm crazy with the amount of salt that I consume and tell people to use with soy sauce. My wife, cringes when she sees me pour the soy sauce bottle on my food. But you need electrolytes, especially when you work out. I mean, it's just you're right. People a lot of them. And it infects metabolism for weight loss and it affects performance. It affects digestion, sodium chloride, hydrochloric acid. So it's absolutely essential. Probably the number one thing is when I did my salt rant that people reach out to me from all over the world is about how their performance improved and how much better they feel and how their digestion is improved. Salt is probably one of the biggest things. Another thing that athletes tend to do is they tend to restrict foods for no particular reason. One of them is fruit, especially women that are dieting. And because they associate it with fruit toasts, which then, you know, high fruit toast corn syrup becomes their train of thought. But fruit is hugely important for metabolism and stimulating the liver, which is enormous. Too much, of course, you can get into fatty liver disease with fruit toast certainly. But a little bit, you know, taking periodically throughout the day raises the body temperature. Increases metabolism. And it's just very effective. I've also noticed that it helped bring down AST and ALT liver enzymes, which is huge for athletes that are using performance and has drugs in particular because the liver starts to get taxed as a result. The orals in particular. And that will snap. Appetite and that will prevent fat loss. And so the fruit really helps with that. And I've seen that in my blood tests and those from many athletes that I've trained. It's critical. I've also noticed that with those three or four things with the iodine and the salt and the fruit and calcium. And I'll talk a little bit more about it in a second. Those four are potent stimulators of metabolism. And I've had women who have been on thyroid who would wake up in the morning and test their body temperature. But a thermometer under their armpit for about 10 minutes. And they would try and see whether body temperature was because as we know, that's indicative of your BMR. How many calories are going to burn that day? It's going to be based on your body temperature. And that's the bulk of the calories that you burn at rest is from body temperature primarily. And we think 98.6, particularly that runs 97.8 to 98.2. But if it's below 97.8, you're going to have a hell of a time burning calories. You may already be experiencing that of all of that uptation. And your metabolism is going to slow and you're just not going to burn as many calories. When I get them to consume those four things, all of a sudden, their body temperature starts to go up. 98.4 in the mornings. And they can decrease or eliminate their thyroid medication, which isn't always advisable, but oftentimes it could be a benefit. So that's a huge thing. And of course, to increase calcium, you want to take vitamin D3 because that increases calcium uptake by about 24. And then you'll need K2, which I try and get from egg yolks and grass-fed butters and the like. So I can help keep the arteries decalsified. As you know, and hate to bring up bad news. But if Dallas and Carver had gone in and had a cardiac angiography, he would have seen the calcification in his arteries. And whether or not that would have changed his path, you know, I always recommend that people try and find out if they have preexisting conditions. Hence the blood tests, hence something as simple as a cardiac angiography. There are only like $300 now to get an MRI with contrast dye to see exactly what the calcification looks like in your arteries. I've had it done twice. I've had it five years ago and I have it done this. I believe it's a cardiac CT. I think they do it to CT scan. I don't know if it's an MRI but that's a chronic CT. Yeah, they use contrast dye and they can see exactly what the calcification looks like in your arteries and which ones. And whether or not you have it. And that can potentially be a cause of high blood pressure. But I found in the vast majority of cases and I deal with a lot of big athletes and I've had blood pressure problems here and there throughout my career when I've been too heavy and haven't paid attention to my nutrition. I found that the vast majority of high blood pressure can be addressed through nutrition. It's kind of why I did a high blood pressure quick fix kit recently where I talked about sleep apnea. I talked about low thyroid. And why it's important to keep adequate thyroid because people think that sodium causes high blood pressure. But the difference in the systolic measurement is maybe two to five points. Not the same. And with thyroid it can be up to 20 points. And that's human studies showing a hypo thyroid individual may have elevated systolic pressure 20 points above somebody who has normal thyroid. And calcium as well. Of course we know that that relaxes the blood vessels and magnesium. So and potassium's the huge one. I get all my athletes to consume 4700 milligrams of potassium a day. And whether that means that they eat a potato or spinach or fruit or salmon or yogurt or a combination of all of them in an act with those. That seems to be one of the key components that in the thyroid obviously and the sleep apnea being addressed with a CPAP. That almost within 72 hours they can bring blood pressure from 160 to 190 down to 120. Very very very quickly simply by mostly with potassium and magnesium. What you're suggesting is that a lot of people's medical problems could be related to the fact that they have mineral and vitamin deficiencies is really what you say. Of course we know that that's not a stretch. We know that vas majority of people we're taking medication be it statins blood pressure medication. Proton pump inhibitors you know and acid medication. The vast majority of them it's a lifestyle issue. It's not a clinical medical issue. That's why I've gone on rants and that's why I say to people all the time. The three most important supplements that you should take that most people don't take. In other words these are not the luxury item in supplements. These are the imperative ones is a good multi vitamin multi mineral with real dosages and absorbable micronutrients. And I'm not trying to plug my own line but that's why I designed species around that the mineralize. The essential fatty acid supplement okay you know omega lies and a fiber supplement for your colon you know. If you would take those three things you probably would be 50% more healthy right off the bat doing nothing else. I agree 100% I put foods in there first because I want to see somebody you know. But it's saying you know people are lazy that's the problem. You're diet is probably awesome for someone who has the time to sit down and plan out and follow all the things. But most people are completely lazy they don't they don't even cook their own food they hire certain purposes they drink a lot of shakes. So for most people you have to find a way to overcome the ideal situation would be to get it from your foods. But just people can't do it you know and that's that that I think is a huge problem in our society because everyone's in such a rush all day long you know. You're absolutely right here's one thing I'll say to that. If you're taking a supplement then you're probably not as likely to be as diligent about what you're eating. You might eat a little bit of everything trying to the whole if it fits your macros or the 8020 rule. My biggest challenge with that is what does that 20% do to you how does it affect your digestive health how does it affect your immune system how does it affect your hormones. You cannot compensate for. In taking in poor food by taking in. You're right you're right but you know it's it's a good it's a good insurance policy like you know and that's what the physician study said about multivitans anyhow this and it didn't increase all course mortality but it's a hell of an insurance policy for for those outliers that may be adversely affected by it. Having nutrient deficiencies. The problem is that a lot of people that take multivitans take you know a central one a day which does nothing you know has no no absorbable nutrients in there there's no real. A dosage is an anything of any relevance in there and they think it's a panacea in their mind oh I took a multivitamolum good so you know. It goes back to the old you know marketing you know employees that these companies use you're watching TV and you see oh take this you don't have to worry about anything else you can do whatever you want. And obviously that's just not the case and that's what you're trying to address you know I'm a big believer also in eating foods. You know first and supplementing as an insurance policy but it's really the food you eat you are what you eat. Let's face it the old's trite saying is really true. Yeah and more than that you're not you're more than what you eat or what you absorb or but that's why. I'm cautious to use the kinds of foods that are highly viable that's why I use red meat because the heme iron is highly available and a lot of women in particular who issue red meat. Our subject to you know anemia and that's a huge problem B12 is another enormous one and that doesn't just impact energy impacts digestion and also with those multivitamons a lot of them there's most of them are synthetic they don't have the proper co factors. They're not in the doses in relation to each other that is necessary to be off them all if you're going to take vitamin D that you need to have some vitamin A and you need to have some vitamin K. You can avoid some of either the deficiencies or the surplus. Start popping a whole bunch of vitamin A you might end up with too much but eating vitamin A foods whether it be you know in retinol form or. Cratenoids you're less likely to have a vitamin A surplus. So it comes down to me one of the big things I focus on with the athletes in getting in the foods that I get them. Is gut health and that they're digesting it properly. I'll have people that have been on prescription and I an acids for years. Right and within a week I've gotten completely off because I understand that the that the bird and an acid reflux is not caused by too much acid. It's caused by too little yeah and that impairs digestion significantly and now you're not absorbing those nutrients the B vitamins in particular or the calcium or anything. You have to have good stomach acid enough of it and the proper pH to absorb all of these these minerals and then they make they have a huge impact. I've watched it myself and on my athletes when you start taking in all these nutrients and you're digesting incorrectly again the blood pressure being a huge one and you've said before. I've used that this years ago steroids won't kill you high blood pressure will. Yeah and that's important to people understand that that's not the thing that you look at that you overlook and I think it's very easy to fix in the vast majority of people. They're deficient in potassium because 4700 milligrams potassium is hard to consume you have to deliver it to about it and most people aren't. It's interesting you know you mentioned earlier that not having enough you know digesting ability you know when I was 300 pounds and I was eating you know 12 times a day and guzzling shakes all day. I got a lot of acid in digestion and I noticed that another guy is that I work with it or that are bulking something that there is a lot more in digestion because you're eating so much food I think your body just can't necessarily break it all. But I would notice that when I would be really really really hungry like maybe I just didn't eat for some reason for five hours something like that because I was just crazy busy stuck in motor vehicles whatever the case. You know and then I ate it didn't matter what I ate after that I could eat the greasyest most disgusting meal. It's like I absorbed it no problem and you can get any acid refuture. I mean normally that would destroy my stomach it was like my body was primed for anything I gave it and I'm not suggesting to eat junk food but what I'm saying is I think that you know sometimes you know. And dare I say because this is body going much we too much food you know. Yeah that happens as well and that was what's going on with both half four and Shaw. They were eating too much food. We remember the video that Shaw posted about a year ago. It's got millions hits or more about his 10,000 calorie day. But it was what I called horizontal eating that was pancakes you know I hop for breakfast and burritos for lunch and pizza dinner. And that was causing a massive amount of distress and he's probably used to me calling him out like this now because I've mentioned it so many times. One of the first things he said to me after starting my diet is when I saw him he leaned in and kind of quietly said, stand. I'm regular. And I understand that because I've done that to myself for nearly 30 years trying to bulk up and I know what it's like to have to run to the toilet after every meal. And I didn't think that that needed to be that way and I've had been times as a bodybuilder when you're eating cleaner, which you realize that you're not wreaking that havoc on your body and you're more regular. Especially when you're eating really quality food. I was eating a lot of top-sourm-line steak. And so that was very efficiently used by me and my the stool was quality and normal and regular. And so I tried to employ some of those same techniques with Hof Thorne Shaw. They just said they reached a point at which they were just gaining fat. They weren't getting any stronger. They were just getting fat. And so we've performed the blood test to find out they were invited in D3 deficient found out that they were insulin resistant, find out that they obviously didn't have a CPAP. And so we went about trying to correct those issues. We dropped a little bit of body fat and noticed Shaw this year lost about 15 pounds of body fat and got pretty lean. And then we just drove, like with the vertical diet, I created a kind of a foundation of these highly bio-available micronutrients and foods and they eat those first. And then an athlete that requires more calories, just based on their mass and their workload, I can't fuel that to them in oatmeal or pasta or pancakes because it will completely wreck their digestion. And so at that's where I start pushing a lot of white rice and I start increasing their red meat intake. Even then I'm not trying to get their protein above the gram for pound because when they consume that much that much carbohydrates, they're very protein-sparing. And so it's been very effective for their digestion. Their body composition of chains, their strength obviously, you know, Hof Thorne just had a whirlwind of a year. I went from pulling, say, I think, 940 at the Arnold to a thousand 40 at the world strongest man, which is just ridiculous. And it's not just, it's on both ends. I work with 120 pound IFBB Pro Piccini girls too with the same theory that I don't let them over restrict. I encourage them to eat fruit. I encourage them to have a calcium source daily, which is usually dairy. And if they can't handle milk, then we go to a Greek yogurt and if they can't handle that, and we use a slice of cheddar cheese. But they don't appreciate how important calcium is for their metabolism as well. And these women quickly shut their metabolism down with their caloric restriction and their high workload. And so I have to keep fueling that with some fruit, and miss some salt, and miss dairy with some iodine for their thyroid. I had to combat that. He's a constant battle. And in doing so, they don't rebound after the show. Their body doesn't, it's not, it hasn't been depleted of anything. And so it doesn't, they don't get the the edema and the fat, the outrageous fat gain back and all of that. Well, you got it. Great channel on YouTube there. You're getting tremendous amount of traffic and hits. I see it. You know, I watch some of the videos myself and I have time although I have very little time these days. You know how that goes when you have kids. I do. Yeah. But if people want to get in touch with you, Stan, what's the best way? You know, Stan Epertig is always good. My Instagram stand up for me. My YouTube stand up for me. My website, stanfraiting.com. And then of course now I have the vertical diet, which is the vertical diet.com. And at the vertical diets on Instagram. And I should before we close out, I should say that because of my big push into Whole Foods and nutrition, I recently partnered with one of the largest. Meal prep companies in the country and they do 4 million meals a year. They've been in business for 20 years and they have an extraordinary track record. They also have millions invested in meal prep equipment. They have ovens that are moisture controlled. They have a modified atmosphere pressure machine to then wrap the food after it's cooked. Which takes the oxygen out of it and so it stays pressure longer. And then they have these rapid freezing equipment. We call flash freezing. So that the there's no moisture develops on the food and you don't get ice crystals and cause the freezer burn. So these guys and that those are millions of dollars worth of equipment they've invested in. And they ship all over the country all 48 states and I went up and I partnered with them and I sat down and we were there's chef and they're nutritionist and we ordered the we sourced the grass bed bison and the line caught salmon. We're rendering our own beef tattle because you know I won't cook anything vegetable oil. And we're boiling our own bone broth because I don't want to make sure that it's just boil bones and doesn't have a bunch of chicken flavor and vegetable oil and things that might wreak havoc on the stomach. And we put together delicious menu and so now I own meal prep company the vertical diet calm serving monster mash is all over the country we're about five weeks in and we've served over 30,000 meals now on the first five weeks. That's a lot. Yeah. You got to send me some meals stand so I could sample them for the. I'm going to tell you. I'm telling you these are there to the list which is you know I get people sending me free meals all the time as a lot of people do in this industry because they're trying to market their products. But I won't eat them for more than a week because they taste like garbage. Yeah, and that was the one big thing that I wanted to do different here was make sure the meals tasted good and so we we went the extra mile the source the better quality ingredients. And you know to make these things with beef, talo and bone broth so they would be moist and delicious. I'm like I said I always like to see healthy foods out there does not that much available. You're making it easy for people to get shipped to the house. I mean that's that's a great service you're offering. What do you see yourself going now? Like where what's the next step and what you're trying to do because I know you always got a plan ahead. You know I'm getting the vertical diet. You know David it went absolutely viral. I thought people. You look at this show this program is that is that you're ultimate goal because you like to do these big these big projects and then sell them on. Yeah, I took the same I took the same diet that I've been using with Hofhor for two years and it's very detailed and it's the same one I gave to Brian Shaw. Even you know across fit. This week commiel a block Ben Smith, Becca Voich. They're all athletes that use the vertical diet. They're all former cross fit national champions. Tyne Rebe is the picture from the San Francisco Giants. Of course Larry wheels and Dan Green used it. Stephanie Sanzo from Steph Fitt mom from Alaska or from Australia and even Bradley Martin when I went down and worked with him. He was having trouble with his diet. So we got him on the vertical diet. So I've used it with a lot of people. It's very comprehensive. So I put it out about four months ago for people to buy exactly the same program. I provide for all these high profile athletes that I work with directly and it just went viral. I've sold thousands almost 10,000 of them. Wow, but it's been downloaded 50 or 60,000 times because I can track with downloads. And so and this is all over the world like it messages from every country. What are you actually selling though, Dan? Stan, what actually a people buying? A customized diet for themselves or is it what is it? I include everything in there from the sleep protocol to the hydration protocol to the diet. I list exactly what foods to eat. I put sample macros for different goals. I have sample diets for different goals. Of course there's a BMR calculator to adjust your starting point. And I also have hypertrophy training and the strength training program in there. So it's supposed to be something that you can customize. I'll have husband and wife at the same house, one powerlifter, one bikini for a competitor using the same diet. But just adjusting for calories, using the same nutrient-dense foods that help them with their health and their performance and their energy levels, et cetera. It's exploded and so now what I'm doing is I'm working on getting finalized to do. So I should say this, I've already put out vertical diet 2.0 where I added more information about all the people who bought the 1.0 got it for free. I'm working on the 3.0 and everybody who purchased the 1 or the 2 is going to get the 3.0 for free. So as I continue to develop the program and work with athletes and get feedback and incorporate hacks and tricks and diets and all that stuff, I'll keep providing it for people. But now I'm going to launch a book next month and then put it out on Kindle and Amazon. And that's kind of the next phase of this and then start doing vertical diet certifications because I have an app being developed. And I want trainers at any gym in the country to be able to download the app for free and set themselves up as a trainer. And then have their clients download the app and set their clients up as their clients so they can see all of their clients underneath their heading as they're going to be. They're heading as the as the trainer. Right. As the admin and now they can they can follow their diets. They're going to be able to take pictures of their food every day and you can see exactly what they eat or be time and date stamp to be able to submit photos on a weekly basis. They'll have a checklist and the train will be able to see how many hours they slept, whether or not they train what they ate all the different checklist items. They're not they took their vitamin D what they wait in the morning if they have a record wait. So they can use it as a as a method for compliance which for me as you've heard me harp on the number one thing you can do is I always say that that what's the best diet the one you'll follow. And what's the best exercise the one you'll do. And this app is a compliance app that allows trainers to have more information more often about their clients so they can quickly intervene where necessary and provide them the information they need to be successful. Well, that's great. Stand congratulations on building this whole program and you'll keep us updated. You'll send me some meals. We'll we'll I'll do a little review on them and I always love talking to you. We always have great conversation. All right. Thanks Dave. All right. That's going to take us to the end of another episode of the live with brought you by species nutrition visit species nutrition dot com. I'm Dave Palembo and we'll see you next time.