Day for Lumbar within our Ex muscle news update. This just in Antoine Vallions has won the Count pro and will be going to the Olympia in December. Congratulations. What a great comeback story. This is Antoine. What a promising young career he had when he first started out as a teen. People were talking about this guy as the next Mr. Olympia, the next coming of a great body builder. He had classic lines and tremendous size. It's such a young age. At some point he got sidetracked by his own admission. He got involved with drugs and he actually became homeless and had no money. He really hit rock bottom in a sense. He talked about that on one of the interviews. I did with him and he's done a lot of interviews. He's talked about how he went about as long as you can go. He was as high as he can go and he went as low as he can go. He decided that's it. I had enough to clean that. Made the comeback two years ago. Successfully, I think a lot of people said, hey, this was a great comeback. Last year was supposed to be his year to really make his mark. He tore his bicep a couple weeks out from one of the shows he was preparing for. Big set back for Antoine, but he seemed mentally strong. He got through it. This year, obviously, was the comeback at the New York pro last weekend. Some people thought it was a great comeback. Some people thought it was not a great comeback. I thought I saw flash of brilliance and Antoine. To me, it looked like he was very flat at the show. I think that he just maybe overdid it. You know, you look so good. We saw the pictures on his Instagram reading up that I showed he was looking tremendous. Sometimes it's too much. You just overdid it. I've done it before all of us have done it. You deplete too much. You don't carb up enough or you overdid it. Whatever the case may be, he finished seventh in New York. Comes back here to the cow, which actually took place in Las Vegas this weekend. Obviously, California is a nightmare with the whole COVID restrictions. They still had a wear mask on stage as you see. Which is kind of like really kind of, it takes away your personality a little bit. But it is what it is. The show did go off. The muscle contest guys made it happen and that's the most important thing. Regulations. So those guys and I get friends over there. But Antoine did not walk through the show easily. Max Charles, who another body, both of the lot of people may have written off, seems like his conditioning was never showing up the way he needed to be. He just wasn't bringing the mask Charles we had seen in the past. He had joined forces with Milo Sarsav this year and they brought a terrific look into New York. Milo's story should have won. I didn't think it was that good. But I thought that it was one of the better Max Charles we've ever seen. He was full. He was lean and even as legs look pretty good for Max. And they kind of matched his upper body a lot more than they had in the past. I said, you know, this is a Max Charles on the comeback trail here. So Max and Antoine went head to head at this show and it was no easy battle. But you know what Antoine's presentation is so good. He knows how to hit the shot, hit the right angles. He has some kind of a stage sadting that I think, you know, just smells of and gives off the order of on the winner. And that's important and that's an intangible that you really can't, you know, quantify on paper. But it is important. And it is ironic that actually Antoine was working with one of the greatest poses of all time, Flex Wheeler, who's eating up to this show. There's some pictures on his Instagram or him and Flex were joining forces. And Flex of course, going through his own, you know, trials and tribulations with having to have his foot amputated on the comeback trail. And he can see he's got the white beer now. He's in like that beast, you know, attack mode, you know, looking in great shape, maybe some of the best shape of his life right now. And really motivating a lot of people out there who were handicapped and who maybe think that, hey, you know what, I have this terrible thing happening. I can't overcome it. Flex is a beacon of light actually for these people. And I think that that's great. What he's doing and it was great that he got to join forces of Antoine. I heard he put him through a brutal two hour posing session. Was that the, the little extra Antoine needed to beat Max, it might have been. It might have been. And that's what makes it exciting. So good to see Flex Wheeler in action over there and helping out Antoine. And, you know, every little bit helps, I always say. And sometimes when it's really close, it's the details that go in really make the difference. But you know, I think it's, it's a victory for Max and for Antoine here because Max is his best ever. I think Max will definitely get to the Olympia on points. And that's all that really matters. Another great dark horse in this show is on win. On win always does the Cal pro ever year. Usually when it's in California, that was the biggest. But on is always a top five finisher. I think this might be the best on win we've seen. His presentation is great. He's got great flow to his body. His conditioning is, is good here. You know, on, not against him is just not as big as some of these other guys. But you know what, if you place the size game, he always does terrible because he loses that conditioning and that, those are the lines in his body. He played it right here. Third place tremendous, you know, finish for him here. I think you got to be thrilled. Patrick Moore, what could we say about him finishing fourth year? Alone he's the win. It's got the best of conditioning. He's got the best lines. He's got muscle bellies. He's, you know, the next coming, but he's just not big enough. And when you put him next to these other guys in the lineup, you see his flaws in the sense that he just can't stand with them size wise. And after all, bodybuilding is about building muscle. I think it was a mistake from not to take the year off and really work on growing. But you know, he did really did he placed all of these shows. He can't really, not come for, you know, people want to see him win shows. And I think he's going to start winning shows when he adds another 10 pounds of muscle to his body. And I know he can do it. He's still fresh. He's growing. We're going to see a great, great Patrick Moore next year. I can smell it. I think he should just take his time. What the size on and then come back to the stage is no rush at this point. So congratulations to Patrick Moore both in New York and now obviously in the Cal Pro here. And finishing in fifth was Eddie Breckermontes who could be the biggest guy in the stage. You know what? With the conditioning he brought in the size he brought, I don't think anyone would complain if he had finished third here to be honest with you. If this is a great look for him, no one expected anything. I, in my preview, I did highlight him because I know Eddie is always dangerous because he brings ridiculous conditioning to the stage. And he is one of the biggest guys up there. So congratulations to the him. But the real pat on the back and the real, I guess we got a hold them up. Little him, raise his sword up in the air as he answered one volume up because he did it. He delivered. He shot up all the naysayers. You know, Chris Asito was very, you know, critical of him in the New York Pro. Obviously came back here and proved them wrong. And you know, that's great. We do a little fun video on it. That's cool. You know, hey, you know what? The press got to be called out when they're wrong. But Antoine congratulations on a big win here and a huge comeback to you. We'll see you at the Olympian December and you should be very proud of yourself. For now, they're on day polimbo with an Rx muscle news update.