He has a microphone, has a TV, not a TV, but the video can be behind. He's got a lot of credentials pushing him. So I believe a lot of influence I'm shown on the how to be very influential for a Jocca to take on. Nothing too downrated about that. So all the efforts that were made may have been slightly more extended and a Jocca was probably running to do. And then I have a total contrary of what she was going to do. I could be wrong, I don't even know. But you know, this little bit of Sean's been a prince on there somewhere. He helped him up. You know, I'm on this no opportunity like that. Definitely not. So when there was money involved on his part, you know, I, because when I originally heard about the best comeback award, the best pose award, I said to my, the first person's name. I'm not saying this because I have you on the show. The first person's name who came to my head was Vince Tell. I'm like Vince could actually leave this place with 30 grand in this pocket and come in last place because the title you went anyway because I knew you. The best comeback was definitely had your name written on it. The best pose had your name written on it. And you're going to get five grand anyway for just appearing. So I was surprised. And I knew that there had to be a reason. That's why I wanted to get in the show. Find out what happened because you could have gone home with a nice little, a nice checking your hand. It would have been appreciated. I mean, Tom, I'm a pretty tough. So, um, then again, you know, you know, we're not really looking for that. Quality anymore. The size of my boy, I love it. You know, and I'm just going to be doing this. And never own talk on a radio show one day, right? And they were covering the fact that, uh, never own beats me out with all most professional wins in body building. And I'm wrong. What? I said none of my Kevin was always heard. Okay. He was second and then he went to third. The Ronnie Coleman, you know, lead frog me. You haven't never heard of him. He was a little bit like a little bit like a little bit like a little bit like a little bit. You haven't never tied me and went never ahead of me. So when I brought that to Sean's attention and he passed it on the cap and Kev came back to me and said, well, yeah, Vince, when I come, when I'm counting the master wins, we just count the old and clap wins. What? Yeah, I'm going to like you want to try anything to get a place in history. I said, the record book says, the Guinness Book of War record book says, Vince, teller the winning touch of body building. It's both wins. Okay. Didn't say, Master's versus this is the professional wins. So I tried to, I tried to play to come up and listen. When the master's come and when texture wins, tell texture that win don't count on his record. Okay. Well, but just try to tell me. You're right because you know what, the the master's win is impressive is the as the regular win because of the fact that you're still competing at that age. You know, I think I've been a Sean. You know, we just have to record straight on that when my brother, my soul machine from Maryland like myself homeboy, you're still number three. That's right. And he's at an age where you were still competing and winning shows. So I mean, if you were to get back up there and then they, you know, start. That's what I tell him. You know, if you win, yeah, you know, Flex, we're going to put it to me very lovely one day. You said, Vince, man, I just turned 40 when he did. He said, I can't believe that you were kicking our butts at 40. And I can barely get to the gym now. Okay. So I was under statement that I said, that needed highlight because somebody didn't put on realized that, but, you know, I don't get credit for it. Why don't you come back and get old when you when you won the Arnold class. I can't even come back and get old when you won the Arnold class again, 92. Um, 40. Oh my gosh. No, it's 30. Hi, 30. You almost 40 years old. Yeah, I really did. 30, not almost 40. Crazy. Crazy. Crazy. I'm crazy. I did it 27 years old and bodybuild. I started a little later. Yes, you did. I had two shows. I had the Berlin stuff. And then I had the nationals. And then I went pro. Okay. You actually competing so far back, Mr. Miracle. I knew I knew I think you were in the class. I think 86, but my very first introductory to bodybuilding. I wanted to be Mr. America. And I did the AAU, Mr. America. And I won. You know, then from that point on, it was, what are the national? Right. And then I went to compete in the national. You won the 88, passels. Yeah. So fourth in the, and I had to go my Bicep in 86. So it was like, 85. I'm sorry. And I was like, wow guys, I've been out for a whole year. I've been here at the national. Getting four place. Well, next year when I can train the whole year, you're loving me. And I came back and won the whole world championship. Yeah. That was pretty amazing when you did that. Well, you're always a class. Now, what's, let's go through what's going on. Because I know you got a lot of stuff going. You got, you're doing the tour starting one in Europe. We're going to be kicking that bad boy. Hopefully I'm going to put some bookies before the feeble, which is going to be April 19 this year. So, I think I have given myself enough time to get back on the bandwagon. So we're booking everything from April until May. And right now, we just have Berlin. I just put it out there and Berlin jumped on it right away. So we're trying to fill the dates. So before the feeble, I wish really after. I think that we should also put it out there because there might be a lot of United States, you know, promoters that are looking still for guest poses. And I'm sure of you and me in shape. You wouldn't mind guest posing the United States. Would you? A little bit of an exact thing. I'll play it on the beginning. This is my second one. I'm going to go to the stage right now at 55 years old at the league that people go like, wow, he's in shape. He looks good. He's old school and he's back. You know, so that's my gift back to my game. I'm going to make one recommend. The first of all, I'm going to say that anyone who hasn't seen Vince Taylor in person posed, you got to do it. You got to go check him out. Especially if you're going to do something the United States. Secondly, my recommendation to you is, is to come up with something new as far as the posing routine and updated. And something's going to knock these guy socks off to show them that you don't have to go back to the stuff you used to do. I want to see a new routine because I know you're very creative and you got to skill set to do stuff that's going to wow people. Because when you did that terminator routine, everyone copied it after that. You got to do that later with that one. And 12 years strong. I mean, and it's still going to today. And to me, you know, honestly, that was like a one-hit wonder. You know, it was like, how do you top that? You know, you got to hit record. How do you top that? I have some things up. I'm asleep. Don't give me wrong. Like, oh, we owe promotions. But it might cost a little money to put it on that each event. So you haven't seen nothing yet. All right. And what else is going on? Do you have any products you're selling? And you supplement companies you're up to selling? Anything other than that? Right now, I have a great friend of mine. I'll make an a big push to break. Creative, instale a line. We're going to break it out and Brazil. Okay. Next year. So that's the best. Really heavy on the list right now. You know, I'm on entrepreneur. And I still got my exercise band. So I got some companies interested on and off on and off. So I'm still trying to do that. And that's some of the things that I have already been on the table with me. I'm doing my book, as I said, the quiet storm. I'm writing it. What's trying to do? Right. You called the quiet storm. Why do you call yourself that? It was two things. I associated myself with one of the best boxes in the world that I adjusted my and I met a couple of times in Washington, fight as well, which is Roy Jones. Roy Jones, Jr. History is song. He put out at the same time. I did the masters. He was just a main for the story. I thought mine. He got screwed up in Seoul career. Would it go in metal in Olympia? It's not going to screw up on a lot of gold. Mellows myself. He was knocking blank blank blank in the dirt. But the same time, I'm knocking down a lot of contests and titles as well. But it couldn't get to respect for it. So when he said in that song, he put, y'all must have forgotten. I put him up. I'm gonna say he's looking at the last week. We'll put it back on tomorrow. Y'all must have forgotten. There he says, I'm like that quiet storm. I just keep on waiting. And I keep on coming. And I'm like, you know what? That's me. Because every time I look around and a contest, it comes up, I don't make a lot of noise. But when it's time to compete, that quiet storm is rolling in. And I'm going to keep on coming. I'm going to keep on raining. And you still dangerous. They're still dangerous. They're still dangerous. Quiet storm. Vince always applies to the talk to you. Thank you. Thanks for giving us some insight. And catch Vince tell this spring. He's going to be up on stage. Guess, Poison? Hopefully in an area close to you. Then you go. I'll be back. All right. Thanks, Vince. See ya. Love you. Thank you, buddy. If you muscle radio is a presentation of rxmuscle.com, the truth in bodybuilding. To the next week at the same time, for another round with Dave Pullabbo, only on heavy muscle. Really.