RXMuscle.com! Now you have a place to turn when you want the truth. On bodybuilding diet exercise, up to the minute news and more, is at theRXMuscle.com forum, featuring celebrity Juneais, with IFBB Professional Athletes top amateurs, and the brightest minds in the industry, was into our weekly radio shows, including heavy muscle radio, muscle growths, and cast-throwers, and more. Contest coverage videos, even our own social networking site, RXMuscle plays. Visit RXMuscle.com! Every muscle real. Okay, my next guest is the 1992 Arnold Classic Champ, five times master Olympia champ. He's got 23 pro wins in a very long career. Six of those wins came in 1991. He's one of the most upstanding guys in our industry. Like to welcome back to the show, Vince Taylor. Hey, Dave, thanks again. Pleasure to be here. Pleasure to see you this last week, I guess, in Down and Florida there. You made an appearance at the Master's Pro World Championships down there? Yeah, it was in my backyard, so I had to get out of the Mingle again, see what the bodybuilding world looks like. Now, I got to be honest with you. I really expected to see up on stage. How can they couldn't get Vince to get back up there? You know, it's been a long road for recovery, I would say. You know, as you know, the effort my back in 2007, preparing for the miscellaneous Olympia, and it was a lower dis-problem. And it just lingered on until 2008, he shut me totally down until almost four, I would say three months ago. I hadn't been in the gym, so I was contemplating, trying to get ready for that show when I heard about it early in the year. And I kind of laid it out to myself if I could start training and really make some improvements, then I would give it a shot just to get, you know, just to try it out there and not, I would guess, pull something like that and knees up a two-word possible because of a Zeechus, was it showing the quality I would need to be back on stage at what Amy Reevey? No, it's interesting to you say that because, you know, looking at this well, return to the legend show, I was less than impressed. And in this essence, I was almost a little depressed at some of the guys I saw because they just didn't have the looked at, you know, we were used to seeing when they were back in their heyday. And I guess, you know, we want to see them back on stage, but we really want to see them back on stage with good physics. Is that what in the reason you decide, you know what, I'm not going to show up at this show because I can't be at my best? Yeah, seriously, you know, I'm a bodybuilder at the heart, you know, and the main reason why I was doing the game in the first place was to make some significant changes to my busy. That people will stand up and recognize, taking notice to go, wow, I want to do that, know, whatever it would happen to be. And as you knew that, look, to me, you take the personally, that takes my way, the way it takes me away from the idea of gold, is trying to have something different, and people will recognize and also, you know, it'll give you credit for. And it just wasn't happening with me. And I saw the possibility of not be never to get back to status, but well, then seeing some of the guys on stage, I was like, yeah, tell her, could it result? Then you would split it out there. You know, I know you like to make money just like the rest of us. And you know, they were giving away at least, the minimum you could have made was 5,000, and I'm sure, you know, you would have had a of an appearance fee of some sorts. And then they gave away 5,000 dollars for the best poser awards. I'm sure, in the back of your head, that had to be really bothering you because, to me, I wasn't that impressed with the routines that night. Yeah, after we agreed, you know, the little I did see, and that was from the mountains around the lobby, because I actually I stood out there, I don't tie our time for the pre-judging and the night show. I didn't particularly pay any attention to anything. It was going on. Some of the people came by and said, this guy's doing your routine out there on the stage, but tricky jacks. Yeah. So I kind of laughed, but you're right. I mean, I thought that one thing in this part, you know, my whole interest in bodybuilding has kind of diminished the worst from the entertainment factor. And if you're not going to get them, then people just go happy, halfway, do what they want to do. And posing is a dropway way off the map. You think this is a good show, because a good idea for a show, because back in the 92, obviously, you won the Arnold, you won a nice paycheck there. But really, most of these pro shows, they're not giving away a lot of money. This show gave away not only a lot of money, but they give away a lot of money for like best poseer, best comeback award. I mean, did you like what you saw? Is this something that maybe you would like to see continue every year? I definitely would. I think it has its place. It's a fantastic idea. But I think in principle, it's great, but in practice, it's a lot to be desired. The named legends, that's me, was a significant draw to say, wow, the legends represents what caliber of bodybuilder that sets them right here, you're here, then the status of the comeback. What does that mean to come back? Have you been out the game for actually money years? Or have you just been out for a few months now? You just come in back. So there was a lot of things that entitled this show to happen. I love the fact that they boarded out of me. A lot of people are happy. But I just think they really need to do it. Next time I think Jocca will, is to settle down and put some ABCs on each one of the levels that they're going to be suggesting to the audience that we're going to be awarding. So to make it fair to the guys, even competing, and participating in the event. To some people, look to me, on my Facebook page, I have people like, well, you're trying to diminish texture jacks as wind because he'd be to mold the guys. It's not what I was saying. You know, age groups 40, 50, 60, keeping competitive. That's me was a bit of better way to go about the net and one pot of all players. And when I heard that day, when I was first suggested, I do the event. My first question is, Jocca was, are you having a division of classes? She said no. And we're right away, I knew I wasn't going to be part of it. Interesting. That's an interesting point you bring up because there was a lot. There was 240,000,000 prize money to give in money. When you're saying, if you want to have a real legends return, you got to put it on an even playing field because you're in your 50s, you can't compete with some of these guys that just turn 40. I mean, good as you are back, you know, that you still have injuries to deal with and your bodies getting older. I mean, if you would have had the deal with the 50, the over and then this guys that were 16 over, they could have split up the prize money is what you're saying. You would have got a bigger draw probably. A much bigger draw. And the guys would have felt more competitive. And I think the whistling winds of your day have gone by is when, and personally, myself in 19 and 2007, you know, stand on stage in a rather city at the math side. Or at my back, but I went to the event anyway. And when you're standing on stage on 50, okay, 51, and now in the guys that 40 will participate in the show, even though my back was hurt, I knew I had enough artillery to fight some guys off, but it couldn't bring it to the show. So I'd 50 out of been very competitive. For being 50 and injured and not bringing my foot, you're standing out there on the winds. My car the hallway winds blowing through the auditorium, and there's seven guys in the middle going through comparisons. And the wake of call for me was, wow, you know, your day has come now. You know, you got one fan out there in the yard, he's going, hey, keep your go on, Vince. So you know, it's like, okay, the right moment is time to get off at that stage. And that's what happens, you know, it's so hard. A lot of the fans that we've been through a day, and they know you, they know me. I was doing a lot of damage at 40, 45. You weren't? I mean, come on at 50, I'm top 11 in Olympia. I'm beating some of the very guys on the math station, at top seven, okay. But now, for me, he's ready, after even after an injury, had 55 and toppled someone on 42s and 43s and the free men's and dexterists. I don't have enough artillery equipment. And do you, um, do you find depressing some tests? I always wonder how people each bodybuild the deals with, as they get older in the injuries. The ability, you know, the limitations that sometimes are imposed on you, do you get depressed when you look back or do you say these stuff? You know what, I had one of the most successful bodybuilding careers of anyone. And I got, and I got nothing to prove anymore. Well, I, I both, you know, I get depressed for the, the mere fact that I wanted to do our with back-offs. You know, I, when I met out with back in the days, he was 50 plus and he was dangerous on stage, until I told myself, then, pastor, deaf to guy, you got a follow-up longevity. And as I was going through the sport, and I was doing quite well. And then I failed to get the recognition that I always thought I deserved. So I was like, you stay out there alone and nothing can write your own story. So by doing the masters, you know, that recognition still didn't come. So when I injured myself, what the five years off, and I, I wasn't finished day, that's what brought me back. It was like, you know what, you can do this. Try it again. And at 50, you know, I made a follow-up after the Olympia and top 11. So 207 is like, hey, I'm for real. I'm a two-distro. Right. I heard my back and I was like, well, now when I stand back and look at it and go, man, I wish I could do that. Hey, now that's four and a half years later, my back is like, yes, 65, 70%. You know, I'm going back out there, but on the different rules, you know, 2012, the Benstale is going up in Stale, it'll just be good to me posing tour. You know, starting in Europe, I got a chance to go back to Berlin's Germany. May the fifth, 28 years later, after one my very first show, around that stage, you've been that posing fall. So that's my tour of team. Just be good to me. I'm launching it in Berlin. Excited about that. I'm now in the gym training for that. And I'm just thinking I got a chance to recreate the Benstale acquire storm wind. So that takes off. That's going to be good. Is there a competition on the scenario in the long run? I don't think so. And they're done that. Really? Okay. Well, I thought you were going to be the George Formans. You're going to come back and win one more. And then we would see a grill or something like that. And we did it. It would be fantastic. But that's for the fact I'm going to play it by ear. But when I'm going to cry, I think when the clouds blow over and the sky is clear, up, you know, when you're standing there, if the physique does not look like an output beckled at 60, almost 11, you know, then there's no way that it doesn't look like mine, even to its improvements could match some of the talent, quality, young lions today. You know, I could shock a few rope and still. But you know, there would just be rope and made it back. You know, maybe 10, for 11. But what about if they made the divisions? Like you said, like they did a 50 and over. They gave 10 grand out plus a 5000 best pose or a word. Would that be something that would entice you back? If my, if I knew the back would stand out, it would be on right, Flint or part 3 of Instaille of Story. Let me dig it. You do all good story. Even though, you know, people, some of the people who listen to the show know everything about you, you know, and then this is the people who don't know that much about you. Obviously, when I was first starting out, that's when you were winning the alarm classic. So to, I mean, I know everything about you. What was, what was the most memorable win for you? Was it the masses Olympia wins, the Arnold win? Which one stands out in your mind as the best? Um, that is a real good question. So right in the book right now, in any way called, it's tail of a quiet storm, my life story, and body building it out flat, body building. That was things will be in that book as well. But if I tried to recan on any one given show, because there was so many victories, one was just a sweetest the other. But um, I kind of want to just, I don't really, I got to say um, wow, the IAPB Mr. Berlin show, you know, the first thing I want. You did that. That was a turning point. Remember that then. Oh my gosh, he was such an exciting day to get to the event with two car wrecks and five minutes time sitting in the front row of the audience, just watching the show go on. Hey, my class will stay. He looks sitting in the front row of watching. Well, the most interested in the class. I had, I got up on one backstage and I asked the guys and we got with Harwin Pinstanoff, and he said, where are you? Right here. He said, look, that means D&E's able to listen. You can go home now. Your class is already on stage. I'm like, what? He said, or you can compete with the heavyweight, which my friend and good friend of mine to this very day. He was in the heavyweight division and he was helping me learn bodybuilding. Most is the end. Don't worry, Johnson, he's up there in Orlando area. And we're taking it. You know, I got in his class, you know, and I won. I have his new one. I want to have his. Wow. So that was the start of. You know, you're in the right, in the right, it's one at that point. Right. I thought so. In 1991, he had six pro wins, which might be a record. I don't know if they were ones. Six shows in one year. What were you thinking doing all those shows? Was that just the way people did it back then? I mean, because nowadays, to get guys to do two shows, you think that you were pulling, you were pulling, nothing else out of their hands. And what if it's so true? Because I always knew my placing. And back in 1991, when I saw how that, you know, the lineup was going on, who was dominant in the game, the game, your course. And there as well, it was one of those games to where on the tour. And if somebody didn't show up, or if you continue to compete, there's money to be made. So when we got the Olympia, when I got top three, again, it was like, wow. So going on the tour, I'm the guy to beat. Right. And then I started looking at 10 grand each show. So I'm thinking, hey, how much they ain't shaping? We go to country, the country, the country. I don't need the bankwits. I don't need none of the food. Well, I need to do it. Get them out. I don't tell a room. Put them a little early on. Go take a run, hit the slana, and be ready for the next show. And I was consistent doing that, and just knocked them down. Like, golf. But you know what, like, every two days weren't they? The shows are every two or three days. Every two or three days. We will be in one country to the next. We'll compete in Spain, next thing you know, you're in Russia, then you won the Germany. I mean, we're all all the place. But it was beautiful.