you won the Pittsburgh pro. You did the Olympia you took third. Oh, actually, did the Iron Man before the Arnold you're fifth there. You did the third of the Arnold at the new one, the Pittsburgh. You with third at the Olympia and then you went on and you did one, two, three, four, five, six, six European Grand Prix tours. You came in the second in England. What happened there? Let me tell you what happened there was really good story. A lot of people put the nose up in there and went to here, but I'm going to tell you because I have to take one over the other one. How did you know that one? I came into Dorian's front yard and Albert Beckles to this day. We just laughed because I was knocking these shoulders off and I was really happy. So at the end, I blamed him to Wayne Demolius as to me. When you go on an England now, you know, we're going to Dorian's, when he put it, we want to Dorian Country. So I looked at Albert, and Albert looked at me and said, I said, Dorian, we're going to Dorian's Country said no, Vince, you're going to Dorian's living room. Because just for a point of interest, Dorian wasn't Mr. Olympia yet. He had just lived in the New York. But 92, he won the first one and, and, uh, St. Kiddany. Well, I was in the best of my eye. He definitely won that one. But in 93, he was definitely the winner. He was sitting back where you put the company. No, he was second at the Olympia that year. That was the last Haney victory. Okay, but good then. That was another wrap. Should have won that thought I did win that. A lot of people thought I won that. I got another stand-in-golfation behind the posing. When I was able to look at the scores at the end, of course, my whole conception of bodybuilding was three rounds, muscularity, there's a shape round, of course, as a posing. Well, Dorian got the muscle, like, I got a more shape, and I know Dan really can't beat me poses from up to the one, but it didn't ever come. I like that. I never want to pose you round and bodybuilding. Yes, that, you know, I always asked that to, because I always wondered how somebody's really good poses lose the posing round. I meant I found that they don't really pose score the routine. They just can take another validation of scoring. That was, I think that's why they got rid of it, because they never really had a good method of scoring, and people just couldn't understand that the best poses were placing number one, number two, and I went through it, I kind of think. That was disappointing, because that was my game plan. You got to sit down with every show that I went on, I used that thing formula. Whenever guy had mashed up with, and it didn't seem to matter unless it was the guy that was above you. If it was anybody below you, those same determination I had, one, two, three, round, that's the way it came out. It's just never, you never want to beat the guy who was posing, who was the head of you. I mean, do you got perfect scores and posing? Come on. Right, I mean, it's kind of wacky. Actually, it was really wacky. It was in 92. You won the Iron Man, the Arnold, the Pittsburgh pro, and then you was six at the Olympic. That one I never understood either. What happened that year? My Olympia is, we're all, I gotta tell you, my Olympia became personal. Every time I went to Olympia, something was not going to be right, and I don't know what it was, you know, I always looked away with two different looks at times in the Olympic came around, but you know, something always came up to this very day. I don't know, you know, did I deserve it properly? What happened to your head of the iPad, John? What the heck, thank you for asking me. A lot of people have asked me that, and I forgot the story. I don't even know the story. Let me, let me beat a person. I think goodness that you were, you bring that up to you, because a lot of people don't understand it, and sometimes when you're flipping online and you see somebody's fit the comments and different blogs about this person, this person, oh yeah, have been sending the iPad, you know, this figure, and this is that what actually happened was, my wife and I, when we got on the plane headed to help think he, as you know, we just had the hurricane down here, hurricane Andrews down in Florida, just put a new home, so training and concentration was all screwed up. But when we got on that plane and we headed over to help think he, as soon as we made it to the airport, we landed and I stood up and opened over head, and the pick-out take my luggage down, and I always cared a plaque, a long-strap, a sports bag, like most did, and the strap that goes over your shoulder, that little patch area. It was, when the top of the bag, when I flipped up the cabin, I was opening it up, that flap tumbled out. It just swung down and it swung back and smacked me straight in the eye. And for a minute, there it was like, wow, such a strap right down in my seat at home, my eye, and it was like, whoa, so my wife, of course, he has so much longer said it's strap, you know, hit me in the eye. And by the time we got off the plane, my eye was just burning like crazy, you know, I couldn't blink it, we got a luggage, we were on our way back to the hotel, and I was telling my wife, is there something in my eye? She kept looking, she says, no, absolutely not. I said, it's got to be something in my eye, because when my eye lets come together, it burns like crazy. So it just got worse and worse, hour to hour. By midnight that evening, I was sitting up in a cheer, a little decline. I couldn't blink my eye, I had set there with both the two fingers, my thumb and my next finger, hold in the eyelets open for they would not close on that one area, because it was just too squishy and pain. We wound it up going through the emergency roll late that night, about two, three o'clock in the morning, the doctor gave me some kind of drops, I could put in my eyes, it's got like gasoline, you said, listen, I think you have a slight tear when you're cornering. Oh boy, okay, and what I think you need to do is be very careful, take these drops and we'll see what happens in the morning when you come back. So we rotted my way back to the hotel, and I mind you, we're in Helsinki, Finland. My wife is going around the city trying to find some birth aid. Not a single member of the IAPB came to the room to check on me except with Jim Manjut after, maybe that next morning, the whole entire day after, which I'm sitting in a house. I had a physician on staff for something like that. I was saying that's the same area when my mum or Beno's easing went down to. Oh, really? The following show. So speaking of having some sort of overzeal, going on in this game didn't happen. And we said, and I said my life and I said, you set with me in that room, and I'm tying it for two days. I didn't even sleep. And then when I finally had another physician come to my room, which was mid part through the second day, he gave me some ice drops. And he told me I can use him twice a day. Don't need twice a day. It's going to numb the eye, which was fantastic. He put him in my eye, David. It was beautiful. Man, I could close my eyes. Oh my gosh, sort of first thing I did, you're here for the Mr. Olympia. You need to go do something because these guys get ready, carbon, not doing whatever they need to do the last three days. And you just spent one and a half days fitting in the chair, holding the eyeball. So you weren't eating nothing? I wouldn't do anything. The thing I had me nailed to it here. I made myself, I got those drops in and worked instantly. I was so happy. I eat them as it elapsed about 30 minutes. I didn't really pay attention to that. So I just told my wife, come on, let's go put on my routine mind, put my baggies on, we got on on the little train of shot straight to the gym. Did the bicycle about 20 minutes? And somewhere about 20, 25 minutes that I started to slightly irritate it. Oh well. And man, let me tell you, we walked out of that gym and that thing hit me because of those drops of water 30 minutes in about 10 seconds. And it was like it happened all over again. I literally walking down the street, buckle my knees, my wife, grandma, and the doctor had placed a patched over my eye. A big old white girl with some tape. Oh man, yeah, we just know what's happening. So I go back to the hotel and I'm talking to Wayne and I'm trying to win for me for Wayne. And I'm like, I can't go on stage, just patch on my eye. So can I wear sunglasses? Wayne looks at me and says no, because they're props. It's right. Oh my god. So what did I do? We went to the pharmacy. We found an eye patch, but the patch is self-induced. The rubber elastic around the patch with her elbow to patch so closely to my eye that my eyebrows were present to the eyeball. And that would just create this sensation of painting again. So I had a pack and gloves around my eye patch. And stuck it on my eye just to keep the distance, so I can literally see. I don't want eye. And that's what I was doing. I had one eye vision for those two to the last two days, even on stage trying to compete under those conditions. That's the direction to stress in the cortisol levels that we brought me through the roof because of all this. It was ridiculous. You saw my physique. It wasn't what I wanted to bring to health thinking the first place because it was stress. And it certainly wasn't anything I could correct when I was there and having that injury to my eye. What's the later after we finished the contest, the doctor told me, I think you need to go back to where you came from, which is a US because your eye could be infected or get more infected. And you could lose an eye. So we jumped on the train and went back to Berlin. Got some attention in Berlin. That was in that story, but I hated to this moment when I see people write some garbage about weapons. We're faking and looking at him. I'm thinking, oh, but you never suppose to take serious what you're eating. I don't know what a fierce competitor you are. First of all, you were never a guy who showed up at a shape. You were never a guy who felt like fake and or pull like what Flex Wheel it did with the ninja but it's done. You and that wasn't you. They don't know that you were serious when you competed. You never exactly. But if you know how much you mentioned, that was exactly one of the captures I won get big and I was from top clips through which I can't stand up. Yeah, it's amazing. It was garbage. It means the starter off is being an inlet to a body but like wow, they got to hijack by some. I will leave it at that but it's something that I don't even consider. I didn't go negative. But they said the same thing. Vince Taylor's eye patch, Flex Wheel is ninjas. What else is a bodybuilder? I'm going like a fine this guy. I didn't know what happened. So you know I'm glad that you told us the story because I knew I've seen you compete. You're very, very serious when you're at shows and you take it seriously. It's never flipping to you or anything like that. That's why you know, it is and we could call like it is because when you see some of these masters guys on stage remind me of watching a Van Der Halley feels who's still trying to fight at what I was 50 years old. You're like man this guy was a warrior. He beat him as something the best back to the whole time Mike Tyson and Riddick Bow and Lennox loose and then you see you know him losing to like these journeymen. It's almost like it's kind of pathetic in a sense. And that's the wind blowing food or a toy about to it you're about when you're standing on stage or somebody's going get a strong wind. You're about to know who's going to die and say it out there. But you know what I mean? I would like to see maybe she should hold a return of the legends but don't don't judge it on how you look maybe judge it on your posing routine. See who can come over the most creative posing routine of some of the best poses of the whole time you know. I think that will be a good initiative. And at the same time bring back your look. Okay, how close can you resumble to look that you had making some sort of goal to reach. Just don't compare it to somebody 15 years your younger and put your on stage and say, okay guys go at it. Right. Well you know, they had this best comeback award which I thought was a good idea when I first heard about it they would he should give at $20,000 for the best comeback award. I mean that's way more than most persons first place versus and shows. And I was led to the belief that there was going to be voted on by the legends like the guys like yourself and Dorian and Ronnie and all the all the top guys were supposed to vote on this. From what I understand that's not the way it worked out. And I was a little myth. I don't know if you were by the fact that they gave it to a guy Bill Wilmore who was a real nice guy but he he was a guy who placed third last year in a pro show in Qual5D Olympia. I didn't really know what the comeback was all about. Did you? Well let me answer that because I had gotten an interesting message on Facebook from a friend of mine who happened to be well we're not sure like from Germany. Okay, and Roland was in the show and he was very upset that he didn't win the best comeback award and he fired me at email and he said to me, Vince I don't know if you guys got you by both ears or what but for these guys to vote this guy for the best comeback when I gave my all and he went to the oldest there and he was going and I'm thinking okay why you tell him this and he says to me how could you justify voting for him? I'm thinking what are you talking about? I didn't go for anybody so he came back to me so yes you did I have a letter here from Sean Raidus said that all the legends including Vince Taylor voted for Bill Wilmore. Well let me let me free this for you right away okay before you say something that you don't understand number one I had nothing to do with the event I said in the lobby I didn't ever I watched five minutes of the pre-judging and left did not see any of the evening show I would stay about 30 minutes and left for somebody to say I judged a show totally lying so now he was apologize to me I think he fired a letter back to Sean he's all up that could be new he should have won I'm not a D I don't know but I certainly didn't appreciate my name being in the negative that was shading I both told you I don't have to do it we asked a couple other the legends there and and no one that I know have actually voted for anyone so I don't know where they came up with Bill Wilmore like I said once again those are nice guy and everything but I actually probably would have voted for Roll and Joe luck because the guy missed 11 years in the gym he didn't train for a lot of years and then he in one year he came back I guess she had the jarca had contacted him one year prior to the train for one year and I thought you know he didn't look like he didn't back when he competed but he certainly probably the you know the best condition guy on stage and he gave an effort you know and that's how the most of your men's do you know they go a whole blast and he was really upset but I'll think that's come back as about it's about someone who is out of the game and Kate made a comeback I mean you could have technically won that too if you had come back and look right you know my thing is this what happened I believe by name jaca had a fantastic idea but I believe by association to the health that she was getting I would like to say that she probably got led down that roll to have this particular event and this is how we're going to do it I don't believe she put those criteria forward and that person who put those criteria forward will actually probably move this show right along it took ready for a lot of the shows pro pro progress I believe you can point a thing of that way but she rules me next year like I told you he called the legends promoted by jaca and then's Taylor okay I'll be there to polls and we can make sure we got the rules and regulations right you can say Sean Ray had some some playing this uh real good time to post a guy