We're in the bottling plant now, VPX Redline. We're going to go in to production facility. With the end of the line here, so we're going to start off in the beginning this way. Over there, you'll see both material. It comes in from our other facility at 1600. We'll be going there in a minute. All that material comes in in bulk. It's received out our other facility at 1600, where every bit of it is sampled for quality, control, purity, and potency, and everything on this side. It's tested when it comes back with one of these green stickers, it means this released. It goes from there. In bulk, it's broken down on this side into single packages. It goes on its way to bulk wing, which is over here. So from here, we go into pre-way, which is in this room here, where each component of the formula is weighed on these super high-tech scales. Little buckets containing all of the basic ingredients of all of our products. From that room, you get these containers of components to the liquid mix, which go into this room, into these big mixing vats, where they're combined and mixed, and then put into these big, big, tote containers, we're about 300 gallons. This thing's way about 1500 pounds, so close to a ton of piece. There, samples are taken, of that liquid, back to the lab, tested to make sure they agree with the label on the bottle, and they're brought over here to this staging area, where the complete liquid product is held until it gets one of these green stickers that says it's released. In this case, we are making Triple Berry RTD, which is our red line, red line RTD, Triple Berry Drink, released ready for bottling. Now pretty soon, because we're growing so much, these 300 gallon totes are going to be replaced by these 1600 gallon tanks, and pipe directly into the bottling facility. Looks like a, like an oil tank, you're almost there. They came from another facility that was making, I don't know, some kind of drink that. Green tea, right? Green tea. How many gallons are those? 1600. So we're going to go from 300 gallon totes to 1600 gallon tanks. Now what do we do with this stuff once? Once it's in the liquid and it's released, it's ready for bottling, and it goes this way. Boxes of our empty plastic bottles are all proprietary molded plastic bottles come in here. They're dumped into this big bat, go up on a conveyor, and they go into here to our bottling facility. The bottle comes down in here, it's a flipped over by that machine. It comes down here, and this thing stands up, whether they're facing this way or facing that way, this little machine will come up and stand them up for the every bottle is standing up on the comes in and all of it. All along the way, it seems a little infrared eye to keep track of everything. So there's our operators know what's going on all of them, and every step of the way. So from there, the bottles come into here, it's going into our labeling, they get labeled first. All of these labels, we've produced in-house in our own graphics department. They're designed, they can strive, and approve right here on law. It's our facility, there's our own labels, they go into this labeling machine up over there, down here, somewhere along the line, there's a whole thing that had a cut to label properly. There's an infrared eye, and every step of the way that tells the machine exactly where the label is in the line, cuts it off, sticks it on the bottle, and it goes down here, presses down and keeps it pressed down, and it goes into the heat-tricking machine. Bottles come out of the heat-tricking machine, and they're all shrunk on the right station tights in the bottle, step over here. Down, go up, and we're just where our watt number, and all of these are important information so we can track the bottles, and sprint it on the label, come through here. This is one of those big 300 gallons of total you saw in the other room, from here, it's pipes directly into the bottle and machine. So we go into the bottle, go into here, and they go into this bottle into the facility where they're actually filled with the product coming out of that 300 gallons of soap. The nitrogen they cap off, they pump a little bit of nitrogen into the air space and the top of the bottle, nitrogen doesn't compress like air, so when the bottles are in racks or in refrigerators, it keeps the integrity of the bottle and the fact that it doesn't collapse. This machine screws the cap on, and then comes through here in their check. That's a lot of bottles, have any bottles that are pretty cherry-day? We've got 3,000 bottles in our, which translates to about 2 million cases a year. Running two shifts. Now we sell the RRTDs come forward to a fact, so they come into this side and this machine is where they're boxed up into our floor facts. The label comes in, the box comes in on this side, we'll suck you up, hold it down, the machine actually folds it, right around the bottle, crimps it together and glues it at the bottom. They come right out here, forward to a pack, nice and secure, ready to shift, they're going to come into here and get, get put into a case, six, six of the pack, six boxes through a case, and then they're shrink wrapped, you can see that machine from through, wrapped the plastic around the top, then it comes in here where they're heat sealed, and they come out all nice and heat shrink. This machine turns them around, orient them, the right direction so the packers can grab them, they're labeled with their tracking number and bar code, the track right here, and right here these guys are actually building a pallet, and they have to be constructed in a certain way so they get the right number of cases on a pallet while retaining the integrity of the cube, because once the pallet is done, it has to end up looking like this, so it fits right on the truck. So you'll see there's spaces in the middle because the number of boxes of cases, the number of boxes in the case, you're not even the equal, the right size of the cube, so we have to construct it so it looks just like that. 13,000 bottles per day, 13,000 bottles an hour, 13,000 bottles an hour, two million cases a year. 13,000 bottles per day. 13,000 bottles per day. 13,000 bottles per day. 14,000 bottles per day.