Let's flash forward now, 15, 20 years almost, probably 15 years. You have one of the most high tech pieces of equipment anywhere in the industry. I don't think anyone has it. Each machine is like you said, $1 million. You have two of these machines, only back in the equipment. You came up with an idea to create capsules. They contain not only liquid in them, but micro capsules. You're playing that. This comes to you when you have an epiphany like while you're on the toilet or something like that. I'm here. Great because it's good. With the two super freaks in the industry, John L'Amano and Dave Palombo, Dave. We've got all kind of cameras here. We're going to go in and see redline ultra-hardcore. It's really cool. It's a liquid. And two microtabs of black and blue microtap inside of one pill. Then it pills banded around the seam so that it doesn't leak. Really cool concept because there's micronized particles in the liquid that get the system super fast. Somebody takes a fat bar and they want to turn the light on. And then when something to happen, the black and blue microtabs bypass the acidic environment of the stomach. That prevents a lot of degradation of the great raw material ingredients in there. And then it's kind of cool. And then it released over three or four hours. And then each individual ingredient also has a different form of coconutac value. In other words, a different ton of duration of action. It's called. So absorption of action. That's pharmacokinetics. Excreation is too, but we'll leave that up to you. But what I wanted to do is have something that had a three-stage delivery system that we take you up to a super high level and sustain you there, like red line ultra-harcour, for about nine to 12 hours. People get an effect from one to two. What did manufacturers tell you when you were asking for that? Do that for you? Do they think you were crazy? Usually they always think I'm crazy. And like with the bar they rejected us and said never come back again because our standards were too stringent. But this company Bosch, well known for making high tech pharmaceutical machinery. If you're going to pay them to do it and spend one million on the machine and another million on back and front end equipment and buy two of them, they're not going to pass up six million dollars, especially in the economy. You have to pay for the development of the machine as well. They were pretty good with us. But as long as we paid 50% up front, they were willing to take on the project. You were willing to gamble. You believed in this product so much so that you gambled on that by giving them the upfront money. And the other thing we wanted to do too is create that wild factor of a liquid. I don't know if you saw a high speed shear system in the first building you were in. But it takes particle weight down the less than a micron. And so in all of our liquids particle weights less than a micron. So the absorption is through the roof. I mean it's super fast. Is there an advantage to having these microbeads mixed in with the oils? And what is the advantage of having that in the... Well that's the advantage. It's a three stage delivery system. By different coding techniques and having different things to the microtabs, you can control the rate of delivery. The first absorption would be the obviously oil. Right. And what's in the oil? We would tell you but then John Romander would have to. Music failure. Well it's interesting you act but I asked because you can only put a little bit in the oil. Otherwise it gets cloudy and you lose the wild factor. So there's a lot that went into this because whatever we're trying to do here is marry science and marketing. And so if you put too much in the oil it's going to be cloudy. So we put the most potent actives that require the least amount. I'll tell you one for sure would be your hand because you only need a little bit. So that it gets right away but we also wanted some of the pills. Excuse me the little black and blue microtabs. So when you turn the lights which on you take the pill so to speak. People want the lights to go on. They don't want to turn the switch on it. So the liquid hits your right away because it's micronized particles within the liquid. And then the black and blue capsules and they release over a period of three to four hours. And you see you get a second result. Right. So we show that by dissolution but the thing is the full payload is released over three or four hours. And then the each act of again like the phenolethylamines, metrophylylamin, the triohinbe complex. They all release at their own rate too. So that's why this thing works up to nine to twelve hours. So they do last that long. Yes. Do you think that NBIUS because I know you're pretty honest. Is this the most highly technically advanced product on the market right now of any company? Yeah. It's even more advanced than any pharmaceutical company. These are the microtabs. As you can see, the liquid is in front of this little compartment here. And I see them being punched out and you're fitting into the fields. See the capsules that have been written in the right here. This is a little careful. And let's just walk around this machine. The caps is already out of the liquid in them. So then the deposit in the microtabs. And as you can see, now you can see there's some blanks that come out with just liquid. It's just set this up to the real quick. So you can see in here there's a liquid. And there's a black and blue microtab. And around the mirror there's a black scene. I see you can look at inside the mic and the fill. So what we do the drying in the capsules. We check for leakers. As you can see, like here's a leaker right there. You can look at that oil. And then the inspector would pull that caps away. Everybody, of course, would be wearing gloves. These capsules we are going to use. Then these are drying tables. And so they'll take a day or two to dry them. And every one of our pills, drinks, liquids. There's always a preservative system. We test the preservative system by taking these capsules. Putting them in an accelerator oven. It advances the aging, retreat, and vibration. And then we can tell in a year by putting these on stability. It's called for about, let's say, a month or two months. We could tell what they're going to look like in six months on the shelf. We could test for micro. It's micro bacterial. We'll microbiological in a scene whether or not they're safe. And a lot of times they'll fail inspection. In the beginning, we need to develop an product. It's very difficult. That's why I don't trust many products in the industry. Because I know what we go through to get a super clean product. It's free of microbial contamination. It's not an easy process. And a lot of people don't want to wait till it gets done. Like I was telling you in there, a machine cost of million dollars. There's two of them in there. But the catch is the funn and the back end equipment also cost a million dollars. So you're looking quite a bit. With all these machines, the sales guys always, Yep, a million. But no, you're going to get in the funn and it works yet. You're going to get in the back end. Moving into the future. What do you do to one up that? We'll go back a little bit. People always go, if you knew on the front end that was going to take you over four years. What would you really do it? Probably not. That's why we're kind of glad we didn't know it would take that long. But then the closer you get, it's kind of like addictive. To one up that, I don't know. What do you see as the future of the supplement industry, at this point in terms of technology? What right now, what we're trying to do, believe it or not, is with a product like coconut fit. Which I happen to really like a lot actually. I like the whole philosophy of this. It's non-stim drink, taste goods, no sugar in it. And you got your polyphenolics in here. And you're, through next tracks, great tasting too. Yeah, thank you. So you have your right. Hi, Antioxidant fruits in here. It's very low. Coconut water generally, the size will be 22 grams of sugar. We filtered it down to six. We water soluble-ized the mega three fatty acids. Invite them in D3, super healthy. You were just talking about earlier that vitamin, everyone's vitamin D deficient. Right. And so if you're, you're sipping on something. Your choice when you go to a restaurant is either, like, you know, a sugary soft drink or an aspertame soft drink. And both which are health-wobbing. And so this is health-promoting. And that's what everybody wants. You get enough coconuts to make all these things. We have a contract. Fortunately, our protein manufacturers are six billion. Jack actually has a coconut grove in the back. We've harvested something coconut. I do have 26 coconuts, trees in my heart. Yeah. But, so the company is, it's a six billion dollar protein company that we do our protein with. And so they are, they have an alliance with Taiwanese coconut tree growers. Now the Taiwanese coconut trees, unlike the four to ones, they're shorter and stouter. But one of them could have like 500 coconuts. So they're pretty amazing. I didn't have any crack those things. I've had a lot of trouble getting no bite. I'm going to tell them that I've had supermarket. And the islands, they all use the shadows. And they do a very careful amount of meat. See John Ramana. He's very good at opening things. He's in crack and not.