Hi, welcome to the PX. Hey, welcome to my new home. Come on up and show your around. Hi, I'm here with the owner of the PX, the Jack O'Wack. I remember you, I think it was maybe 15 years ago. You came to the Arnold Classic and you had this little blue bottle with a little plastic syringe, syran wrapped around it. And you said to me, look at my new product. This is going to be the greatest new product of all time. Do you remember what the product that was? Yes, it was Paradaka. And where did that idea come from? Is that how VPIX originally started? First of all, I remember when I saw you because I kind of freaked out, this guy had long workout pants on. And I guess it's for moral artery or whatever it is. Running down his leg, you could see it through his long pants. I guess that's how it is. This guy has a true freak. And he was walking around and it was the Arnold and you were bigger than most of the competitors. And I was wondering why is it in his freak on stage. And we started talking and you were very knowledgeable about science. So, you know, my big exciting thing was I didn't know that many people in the industry but to show this to you and also to show it to Dan to Shane who had just gotten out of jail. Right, Dan was there and I remember you guys took that famous picture of him. Dan holding up the bottle of the Paradaka. Yeah, and I have that picture so you'll be able to view that later. But one of the things Dan was just getting out of jail and kind of I think muscle media Bill Phillips pushed him to the side. They wanted to go more mainstream and he wanted to get some publicity. So I said, do you mind if I use this picture? I didn't know back then you needed to sign a release in all this. He said, yes, he was a man of his word and Flex Magazine actually rejected it because it had Dan to Shane. So I was I read, I said, why can't this be in there? And they go one of the dubias, quote unquote, meaning I think it was Eric Weedor, rejected the ad. I guess he didn't like Dan to Shane or whatever. So I couldn't put the ad in there but nobody knew anything about viral marketing because I think I had a syringe on it and everything like that. It's not really a syringe. You were in jail with your idea, right? No, no one ever did that. Right, right. But you couldn't, it's actually not a syringe. It's like the bottom piece of the syringe. It's actually patented because you can't put a needle on it. It was happening. It's not to top of your bottle, didn't it? No, you put a little special bottle top on where you can draw it out. And it kind of had the same feel as using steroids. It was a pro steroid. We created the delivery system to kind of almost like an injection. It was a polylipid delivery system which is long chain polymers and fats. So that if you could imagine active ingredients in case within that, they go into your bloodstream and they release slowly into the bloodstream. And no one was doing this in an issue. Where did you innovatively come up with this idea? I used to teach chemistry and your intestines are lipophilip. You feel like they're fat. You taught chemistry to high school kids? I, well, mostly discipline a little bit of chemistry. You work on three discipline kids and you teach maybe five to ten. But you always were interested in chemistry. You were at my nature. Well, for nine years, I taught six different science disciplines. And I got, to fired every year, nine years, I was in eight different schools. Why was that? I'm kind of a leader. It's why I run this company. So I was always at odds with administration. Something, if something was broke, I'd fix it. And we, you know, I didn't understand it. You're not allowed to tell the prince what to do. You liked it. Marks to your own drama. Well, I'm not necessarily doubt, but I'm a leader. And so if you see bad leadership and you tend to take over a situation, you're going to get in a confrontation. So that's kind of what happened throughout the whole. What happened just started VPX? Because this is an interesting story. Because a lot of people don't know the story behind this. What was the first product you ever produced? Was it the power deck? And how did you actually even get the idea to call it VPX? What I wanted to do, it's a good question because you, you just saw down Stairs. We went through everything. And most of the people you see down there are formally from Pharmaceutical companies. Like when I've asked move, we hired their top chemical engineer. He specialized in liquids and semi solids. But before all that you had no money to do this, didn't you? I mean, we had the money company. You must have had an idea to start at the whole process. Well, I was teaching school and I was doing a bunch of people's diets. But instead of just doing the diet and training, I was using supplements. But I was using other people's supplements. What happened early on is two incidents. One is there was a product called egg pro. And as a scientist, I was getting a loss of about 46% body fat a month on just regular individuals with training diet and supplementation. Using a fat burner, proteins, different things like that. And one of the months went by and nobody lost anybody fat. And so as a scientist, it's real simple. And you're in a science. You go, okay, what variable did I change? Why went from, you know, back then it was egg protein. I went from Beverly egg protein, which is, to me, a high quality brand to this egg pro. And because they were out of the Beverly and put my clients on that. No one lost weight. So I sent it out to be tested because, you know, taught nine different science disciplines. I knew you could have these stuff tested even way back then. And this product was 90% carbohydrate and 10% ash. There was no egg protein in it. And it said 100% egg white-out-beam and on the label. You're frustrated with the fact that these companies were lying about what they were putting in it. Right. And then another instance, one was called egg pro and pro egg. I don't know which was which. But one was by a company called MedSport out of Florida here. My friend was a pro basketball player. So I recommend, again, back then, you know, egg protein was the thing. You know, I'm allergic to milk. He goes, recommend me and I protein. So I gave him the, yeah, pro egg by MedSport. So he has 68's and always chokes to death in the shower. He has the pound on the glass. Wife has to take him to the hospital. And I wrote about both of these incidents, Incidences, and Debbie Bakery's natural muscle. And people were, I rate and I developed a huge following because people were pissed. And I started testing all the supplements. And that was teaching school. And I could barely pay my bills. And there was really no teaching. Schools all discipline. It's just made your deal with all society's ill. They're babies. Right. I, I, I, I tested these products. I wrote about it following become, came bigger and bigger. And then Debbie's phone start ringing off the hook. And these people wanted to know, look, you need to develop a product. And I go, wow, this is easy because how you really have to do is Put what's in the product on the label. I don't want to stop there. I mean, you know, I'm a scientist and just taking things further and further. I wanted to create great products. But I remember something clicked in my mind. And I go, this industry's right for the taken over every, you know, none of the, nobody's ethical. Everybody's ripping everybody off. And I started creating my own supplement and to answer your question. The first product I came out with, I was too complicated. Always am kind of like you. But it's, um, ATP recent the sizeer. And it was a great, and type product. And it's sold like crazy. I mean, it was, it was a, it was a good little mix. And, uh, you, you were, you were really grassroots at the time. You were just selling to your base of listeners and followers. Right. So what I did at that time about the same time is that, um, I realized the school teaching thing was not, when I happened and formed me, I could barely pay my bills. But I had a, you know, a son, he was two years old and, and I was, I owed money to end of every month. So I was going to, um, vitamin whole sale. There's buying about seven to seven hundred to a thousand product, uh, dollars worth of product a week. So I go, I guess you were reselling it to your clients. So I started, um, it was interesting because, um, my dad and I went and the store, the rent was 600 bucks. And my dad's old school. There was a lot of vacancies. And this thing was, and the back of a winddix, see where all the dumpsters were. There were rats everywhere. And my dad's offering the guy three hundred when it's six hundred. He's not offering him five hundred three. We're sitting there in a battle in the parking lot in the guy. I've been a bad guy still. I was, but I learned a lot from my dad about business about sticking to your point. But my dad kept sticking to three hundred. This guy kept coming down. My dad would never counter with three fifty. He would counter with three hundred. And my dad kept going, look, it's three hundred more than you have today. None of these places are running. So what transpired was I felt bad for the guy who's about the cry. So I go, okay, three fifty. And he was relieved. And he took the deal. We got it. Store rent for three hundred fifty dollars a month. Three hundred fifty. And that's still cheap. You know, bad at them because the average rent in the era was about 800 to a thousand bucks. So now coincidentally in the back of the store, there was a carer practor. And he had set up a place where he can get a shower and stuff so that he wouldn't have to go home. And he can run his, you know, business. But it was only 700 square feet. And I called it Vita House. Nobody knew why, but it was vitamins in the front house in the back. Are you living there? Yes. Wow. Sleeping on an air mattress. And all my friends were making fun of me. The hurricane came and he waged a big tree in front of my door because I wouldn't go out party with him. But it was fun and it developed a huge cult following because people go, oh yeah, going this, this guy's a freak and he doesn't wear a shirt. What I would do is I didn't know anything about business man. The first person knocked on the door. I just get up and he answered, you know, on my shorts. I'd be all ripped. Like eating protein all day. And it developed a huge cult following and soon outside the store. It was really cool because there'd be all these Ferraris vets. I go, all these guys aren't working during the day. Of course, this was during the Scarface days and people had money. So we come to your store to buy supplements. Yeah, but then they started hanging out there and they're all beach chairs out in front of people mix and protein shakes. It was like a little community. It was like a little like hostile almost. Yeah. Yeah. So wait before viral marketing, this thing created a huge viral thing because. People would get to know really. Yeah. People would go, go to this guy's like a freak. He knows everything about nutrition. And I didn't. Like if you wanted, you know, back then it was all champion heavyweight gain or nine hundred or ten hundred or the table all the way. Whatever. Here's a box cutter. Go find it. You'd have to open the cardboard box yourself. So it was creating this huge viral thing and I didn't even know. But it was so busy that I had no time to stock the shelves. I used to try. I gave it. Okay. What point when you're in this store did you actually want your own product? Um, probably about almost immediately after a year, I launched a creatin product. And then I remember way protein isolate and read about it and understanding it and. I was a. I was a different name back then. But they had the first cross flow, micro filtration way isolate and I knew that the ion exchange process. What happened was you blow the thing the protein up in a big tube and it sticks to the resin. Once positively charged one's negatively charged, but what happens is it leaves out all the low molecular weight. Uh, yeah, excuse me, the high molecular weight. Uh, excuse me, low molecular, you want in there like the IGF1, the bovine serum, abulant, all those. And so I realized it was a bad process, but this cross flow, micro filtration yielded all those IGF1, IGF2, bovine serum, abulant, CCK, glycromacropeptides. So I go, wow, this is, uh, so we were, we were first with a way isolate because there was. It was called CFM. Right. And then, um, and then what happened was we got so popular. So all the big companies, um, this was great on Debbie's magazine. I had, uh, my Oplex champion, all these products. And I go, these products contain way concentrate and it was Dorita. No one used, because no one used the isolates back then. You were the first, first people that I remember. Yeah. And we were the first with a hundred percent way isolate. People would sprinkle it in there, but nobody really, you know, okay. So what I did though is I got all the top sewn product by champion, uh, my Oplex, all the big players twin your buddy is a twin lab. And I put these, and I sprinkled Doritos all over with a big Doritos back. Cause Doritos contains way concentrate. So I go, these products contain way protein concentrate. And the bottom half of the ad, because Debbie had a real big magazine. I go, this product is way out protein isolated. I was your product. So they all called her, but her magazine became super popular because, Isn't that it? Yeah. Well, because of that ad, because of the articles calling all the supplement companies out, I didn't know back then, and Debbie would be so elated because her phone was literally ringing off the hook. And she would call me later crying. They're all going to assume me. I go, well, you have no money. And I go, and I got retained samples for everything that I tested. So I go, don't worry about getting sued. That your first big product, they really put you on the map, so to speak, as far as making money goes. Um, it all contributed. You know, so and other people supplements. And people liked our supplements the best because I'd always go that extra mile. I didn't, just like nowadays, I should care more about profitability. I, I, I make the product first and it's look, here's what's in it. Here's what's got to be in it. If you want to pay the price fine, but if you, if you know that, that's what it cost to make. And you saw it. You're going to buy it. You're going to buy it.