Any good supplement company has their own gym, so this is our working progress, training facility, the floor is not in yet that's common as well as some more equipment and some mirrors and whatnot, but all VPX, red line employees are encouraged to come in and work out and we're allowed to do that on our lunch hour, after work before work it's pretty much open for everybody. This is a 2000 square feet, big, big rectangular room, lots of weights more common, so when you guys come down and visit, come in and catch a workout with us. This is my favorite line in the entire building here where we make our bars, our bars are pressed or not cooked, there are some of the best in the world and this flavor right here, pumpkin is the bomb and you're in luck because they're making it right here, we're going to get the eat one right off the line. So I think that down there holds what we call the dough. It gets dumped in up there and gets mushed into the extruding machine here and they come out, into a pre-measured slice and our chopped off and as you can see the circumcene is very dangerous, they can chop your hand off. But these are fresh, extruded bars right off the line and they come down here and you just grab them. These are the freshest, best bar you'll ever eat in your life. Here you go, have one. Yeah, pumpkin. Wow, it's a little hot from there. It's the labeling machine. We'll make a little back. It's incredible. So this machine folds the wrapper and the perfect little cylinder. The bars right underneath it wraps it around it and it comes through here. Eat, seal, top the other end. This right here is a metal detector. Every bar that we use the machine to make it is actually made or the detector to make sure it's any metal in it. If you don't bite into a piece of metal. Bar that is marked as seen. Right, they're right here, they're boxed. But five thousand a day of each flavor. When you buy a bar from VPX is guaranteed to be less than 48 hours old. When you go right into the boxes, seal it up, pack some cases. Composition of these bars at all natural, uncooked, pressed ingredients. We use peanut butter, honey, oats, various flavorings all natural. 30 grams of protein per bar. Zero impact bars. Zero impact bars means no impact is insulin. In fact, we had a doctor test these bars with a diabetic and this was the only bar he could eat that did not make his insulin move at all. This is where we make our two inch power rush shots. You see, I'm a little shots we have to make over here. This is basically a miniature version of what you saw in the other facility. The bottles come in, they're screwed up, they come down. They get labelled. Here we fill in first and label them later. Whereas the other place that we're labeled first is the fill later. This is power rush. You're going to hear the tops get screwed on. They come through here. Into the labeler. Once again, all our labels we make in-house is our own graphics. Heat shrink. Come around outside of here, all around the corner. And over to they gather it up over here so they can be packaged. And these little packages, little boxes. And we ship 20, 12 to a box. And that's all done by hand. This is a piece of meat. This is peach mango. Seven hour. There's two servings in each container. Two more competitions. One, so you get two for one for the same price. You guys want to increase your IGF1. This is where we keep the hemagex. Check this out. This is where we're procurated. Quapar here. Yeah, that's Marka's rules daily supply right there. Check, let's talk about, we talked about you sleeping on the floor. Let's move forward now in time. You're at this new facility. I came, and not only is it a new facility. It's facilities because I had to go to three different locations. Explain to me the enormity of the empire that you have right now. First of all, I hope you got your cardio in today. Come on through those places. I did quite a bit. Well, the really cool thing was, and it's definitely a blessing from God. A lot of people go, Jack, you should be proud of yourself. And I got to put this on tape of who's Jack doing it. Jack was sleeping on an air mattress in the White House. And so it's a God thing. It's beyond your water, it's the imagination. It's something like this can happen. So we went from a 700 square foot store. And we moved almost every year because of the rapid growth. Until the point we are now where the buildings you just toured once 90, 2000 square feet, once 95,000 square feet and the first one was 17,000. So roughly about 210,000 square feet. I mean, that's big enough to have two football games. What gave you the goal, the gumption, to say, you know what? Not only do I want to make my own drinks, but I'm going to make, I'm going to make them here myself and my own facility. That had taken a lot of balls at some point because I'm sure it was a very expensive decision to make. Well, it was kind of an easy decision in the sense that and it's a much slower road to the top. And you do it yourself instead of sourcing it out. But here it is. If you study around the turtles like I do, an active ingredients, three to four hours a night, maybe three or four days a week for 15 years. You have all these special raw ingredients. You develop a formula. And if you go to an outside manufacturer, the El Sine and NDA, they'll promise not to knock you off. But I've had at least a hundred people come to me and go, Jack, will you make me a drink? I go, what do you want? All we just want red line with a different label. I go, I go, we're not going to knock ourselves off. I go, you've got to think of your own. So the same thing would happen to an outside menu. You actually did that. We were going to steal your formula. Yeah. And that's what we weren't willing to give that up. And so we took that slower road. And you know how the supplement industry as soon as somebody comes out with it. Everybody's just waiting like they're reactive. And so we're proactive. We try to stay five, ten years ahead of everybody else. And then in the process, try to at least create a gap between people knocking our products. How many drinks do you produce a year? Many bottles of red line. Well, this year, probably about, bottles of red line probably about 40 million. 40 million bottles of red line. Yeah, so you know the enormity of that number. Mine, Bob Lee. I mean, this is your like probably one of the main, the most used, the most consumed energy drinks on the market. In our world, we are, we're number one in GMC, vitamin shop, Bally's 24-hour fitness, which is the biggest gym chains and bigus health food store chains in the world. But now and mainstream beverage, all of a sudden, you go from being the top dog to maybe number five or six is the position we're fighting for. Which we want is that elite top three, where there's red bull monster and rockstar. And in some areas, like there's an exon mobile down here, it's really cool because we have 12 facing red line. And between monster and red bull, which are the top two brands, both three billion dollar companies, we have more facing than they do combined. That's not obviously in all stores, but that's how we wanted to be, to compete with the top dogs. It's kind of fun. But you also have the most innovative formula, most of these other energy drinks, who just caffeine and water. Right, but these guys are powerful marketers and monster does a great job of marketing, so does red bull. And that's kind of what you're fighting against. Is that how you decide to maybe get into, I know you have an indie car now. Is that what made you start getting into a little bit more mainstream America as opposed to just the bodybuilding world? Yeah, you break out, like indie car has 300 million viewers worldwide. About 200,000 go to the race, 2.5 million come to the city that weekend. So, yeah, in order to go mainstream. And then, that gives us the money to do crazy stuff like this, where we can hire more scientists, and we can hire a freaks like John Romano, and probably bring you on board soon. You know, that's an interesting thing you bring up because a lot of people, a lot of companies, they earn money, and they take the money and they buy big huge houses and crazy cars. How much would you say if you're profit that you put back into the company? 100%. You don't think anything out of it? I take my salary, which a lot of times in the company for the first 10 years, there was somebody making more money than I was, because I had to have a key individual in. No matter what all the stuff you've seen, you can't ever mistake the fact that your employees, or your number one resource. They're bigger than red line, they're better than red line, they're bigger than VPX. Jack Welch from GE said, if you don't have the bright people on the bus, you can't go to the Super Bowl. This is my nephew Anthony. He was studying to be an MD, just like Dave Palombo here it was, and then he decided to get a life. So you could see what are you doing here? I see E. coli, call forms, and L.A. We're sending these out to the micro lab. We were just talking about micro, and it's a really big thing here, and a lot of supplement companies don't do their due diligence, and people get sick on supplements, because of that. It costs a lot of money to do it right, put it that way. We're at an nitrogen-extend this shelf life and keep these moisture. The big thing we're always trying to do is extend shelf life for the bar. Very hard to do because it's almost like a bake-good, but you're taking a bake-good, and you're making a shelf stable. So we're always experimenting, shooting nitrogen into the home container. So you could see that's this puffed up, and what that is, that's nitrogen gas in there, and it'll greatly extend shelf life. Let's talk about the HPLC. So we have one here, we have one here. We have another one at the thing these guys keep wanting me to buy more more HPLC machines, high performance liquid chromatography. We use them for several different reasons, tell them why quantitative and qualitative analysis. It's usually used for the essay, for the purity testing, whatever ingredients are on what you'll be at. We have to check it in the right amount, their present, they don't digrates, we check the impurities, and everything in them. All your products are verified by lab and else. Right, and one of the big things we've been working on is an eight-wea stable creatinine, a very difficult thing. And so we created a covalently bonded peptide, we have a 60-page patent on it, but our patent is not a patent just written like a lot of people do. We do the research, we document what we do, so it's a valid patent in the patent and trademark offices, getting strict or in strictor, not only in America, but the European patent trademark and all over the world. So you have to actually have a real valid patent now, they're rejecting a lot of them. Thank goodness, because there's a lot of garbage out there, especially from people in our industry. So this is qualitative analysis, and let's go over to the quantitative with this diamond tip machine here. Explain what this is, T-pop. That's the FTIL, what is known as a Fourier transform in Fred Spectroscopy, what it does is, any of our raw materials, every raw material has a chemical structure having chemical groups and everything attached to it. So what these instruments does, they are less which groups and which atoms are attached to each other. So the end these tell us if there is any impurities of anything present in them. This is just an identification test thing. Your double test. Yes, right. All of you know what that has to go through qualitative and quantitative analysis. You need all this to validate. There's a lot of fraud going on in our industry. We had a guy sell us $500,000 worth of fake courier. We had a very successful product called diatex, a vitamin shot by 85,000 bottles when they saw the thing on Leslie's stall on 60 minutes. Because we were telling them about it. They didn't believe us. They saw that. They were going to go, how many bottles do you have? We said 85,000. They go, we wanted all of those GNC can't get it. And what happened was, then we got $500,000 worth of fake courier. The product no longer worked. If you would drink this drink or take the pills, you literally couldn't eat for a day. Serotonin was up. You could start swinging punches at my face and I just stare at you because it's like you're on prosack. It's cool stuff. It's kind of strange how that all works for dieting and keeping your head straight and everything like that. But ruined that product diatex because people go, oh, you got your money back. But big deal, we got our 500 gram back. We had to pull all that product off the market. We didn't have to, but we're very ethical. And we weren't going to let people that were used to getting a great product, you know, before by this. So it costs us a lot of money, set us back another million and a half. But that's life in the big city and the supper world. Okay, we have a bunch of different scales in this place from scales that weigh entire pallets. And so in other words, let's say there's 500 bottles of meltdown on a pallet. We weigh it. We know down to the things. So if the shipper steals a few UPS shippers or FedEx, let's say they take a few bottles of meltdown. We know that when that was shipped out, the weight and how many, if a weighed 500 pounds, let's say, we know that there's exactly, let's say, 1700 bottles of meltdown in there because each one has a specific weight. So those are the huge scales out in the warehouse. But then you come into here and you have super sensitive scales like this one. That you even have to block the AC from coming in because if you get some wind here, let's see. You can see the scale moving just from my hand wave and putting wind on it. And so then you put it in, close it, and then you get your true weight. You see how it's zeroed back out. And then coming around here, we're continuously tasting samples all day every day. We have a rule at VPX, no matter who's here, a billion dollar company can be here like GNC, a quick trip, a vitamin shop, vitamin world, Walmart, it doesn't matter. Research and development never stops. They are allowed to come into the meeting. Anybody from this lab and tell people to taste samples, test samples or whatever. And be careful. They've, or we'll try to draw your blood. So what is this, Nora? Do you mention Stivia earlier? This is a T were developing sweeteners with Stivia. It has vitamin D, which is fat soluble and omega-3s, which are fat soluble. We water solubleized them. Really cool stuff. This stability of it. Let's see if I can open it. So you'll see there's always stuff. What's stability of it? They're all around here. They accelerate aging. So that you know whatever liquids in there will look like, let's say, in a few years on the shelf. And here are two years shelf stability. Let's see. Got that? This is a mini V blender. Now, V blenders are the only blenders that should be used in the industry for mixing. Why see the V shape? Because it mixes all the powder. What happens with a ribbon blender? You have a big rectangular box and you have this ribbon. And they're used in baking. So the stuff that gets stuck in the corner doesn't get mixed well. And so you have inferior products. You have spikes in product like if you have stimulants in there, then it's like a kilz- Somebody. See the V blenders are the way to go. We use huge ones that are, you know, 1000 pounds capacity but this is the one we use in the lab to get effective mixing. I got a pilot batched model of the water cycle vitamin for the multi-batitamin pack. And this is five kilos and just in the water. Why is it orange? Right, both latent. You follow a gas. No, no. Yeah. Just going to make sure that. Jacket made it. Drink some of that. So show me what you're doing over here. I'm just making sure that the fill weight that I have on paper goes into the capsule. Right. And it's always good to see two because if it's in the capsule because if the water activities too high, I think over 4%, it would actually degrade that capsule in the, it would melt and leak all over the place. This is one of my favorite machines because this validates a lot of this stuff. What these little glass bubbles you see here, there's some of them. They represent the digestive juices in the stomach, the hydrochloric acid, everything like that. So when we put, we'll take a product, let's say some pills or whatever, we'll put it in here, we'll attach this, we'll hook it up to here and we'll dunk it in there and we'll know when this breaks down in your stomach, how long it takes. We tested the number one selling vitamin on the market. It had from zero to 4% absorption. In fact, some of the pills that were in the dissolution baskets after four days, they didn't even break down. Now, what's happening is they're trying to put too much into too little. So when you take a bunch of minerals and you compress them with high heat, basically you're creating a rock. And they pass right through your system. So zero to 4% absorption. So then we took our liquid vitamins and minerals that Lindsey just showed you over there and they have 87 to 94% absorption, which is, you know, unheard of. But we want to actually make it to the truly works. And what we usually do here, and I'm real passionate about this is when there's nothing good on the market. And I go, I got to make something that's actually healthy for us that works and make it to a super high standard. And then, of course, everybody likes it. It costs a little more, but trust me, it's worth it because I think those other vitamins, most of them on the market, actually, make you sick. It costs a lot of acid in your system, if you notice if you ever take them. And to me, it's not about the money. It's about winning and beating out some of these billion dollar companies. We're in a lawsuit with Red Bull, we're in a lawsuit with monster. They tried to slow us down. They do it legally. And it's a good thing that they're showing to people, oh, you should be working. We're not worried because if we didn't matter, they wouldn't pay us mind. But they know, and they try to block us everywhere we go. For example, in Alaska, it's kind of clear. There's a distributor, there's a lot of sell revenues, a lot of sell monster. But both monster and Red Bull, their car drives for the vet, and from selling Redmond. So they're very threatened clients, which is cool. We're sending right now, we're looking to realize the jack and police successful in the back of the vet. Thank you, thanks for coming down, it's great. Thanks for coming to the vet, so be out of great time.