Today, Palombo here with an RX muscle spotlight. Today's guest is a special one and I love to get special ones here, especially when they accomplish something really, truly unique. Not only did she win her pro-card at the team universe in figure, but she also won it in women's physique in the same show. Very infrequently do you see that happen? The woman I'm talking about, of course, is Ashley Sodden. Come welcome to the show. Thank you so much for having me Dave. I'm so excited to be here and to do this with you. Yeah, you know, the last person, I know it's happened a couple of times. I've remembered Nicole Wilkins back in the day, winning fitness and figure at the team universe one year. And I think she was the first person to ever do that. It's very unique. I actually think that that's a much more natural crossover. You did figure and women's physique, which is way different because you got to do poses and one is just turns what made you decide to do both? You know, I've always aired a little bit on the more muscular side for figure as far as you know, other competitors that I go against every point. And so when I was talking with my coach, Victor Nell Campo, he kind of gave me a little friendly nudging. And so you know, maybe we should take a look at women's physique. I have this feeling, this little inclination that you're going to do pretty well. And I'm not going to go away, but you know, let's throw them up there and see where the chips lie. See where you stack up. And you know, anybody who knows me knows I don't have to have everything. It's whole ass all the time, right? And so all in gave it all my efforts when it came to my diet, my training, the mental side, the opposing, the preparation. And we did it. We were able to come out with a pro-court in both figure and in women's physique. So super excited about it. Did you? When did you decide to do physique? Like how many weeks out? I was, so I started my prep around 18 weeks out. And right at the beginning of prep, I was teeter in the line. So I think this is where I started having those conversations. You know, do I go to the local level and get some shot? Do we, you know, try and do like a little like re-personal run at maybe a little or level show? And we decided not to do that and did just kind of throw it all out there, give the best prep that we can approach it just like we do with full intensity from the figure side. Bring that level of intensity to up level the game. And you know, it obviously paid off because we came out successful with this and it was such a unique and adventurous endeavor that we embarked on here. Was it hard to like learn the poses? Because I mean, it's one thing when you, I mean usually when you learn posing, you do it and like an offseason scenario. Here you are, you know, you start in your diet and you're like, all right, I got to learn the women's physique poses now. You know, Dave, that's actually the part that made me so in love with that category. Because figure, for anybody who's very familiar, obviously people watching us, very familiar with bodybuilding. So figure in nature when it comes to the poses is very, you know, front quarter turned the side, quarter turned quarter turned right. So it's very like superficial nature. But when you start to dive into those women's physique and up levels, that's where it becomes art, right? This like sculpting of the body, how you position, how you move the flowiness with it. But also being able to display that hard body musculature. So that dynamic approach and the juxtaposition between the grace with the muscle. Now that to me, that was like, oh, I just, I need to just dive into that wholeheartedly. And when we started the prep for that, I started the preparation for my posing specifically weeks and events. So, you know, we were taught having this conversation about 18 weeks out. I would say probably by like 17, 16 weeks is when I started putting together my actual choreographed routine and started going through the mandatory for that, especially being way outside of my usual wheelhouse with that. So yeah, it was very fun. I take it from the experience that you're exhibiting here that you're going to stick with women's physique now. I'm going to approach it from both angles. So it's interesting that you say that because I have this question a lot after I came out of team universe. And I'm like, alright, what direction are you going to take it? Are you sticking with figure? Are you going to women's physique? Obviously, very different trajectories there in terms of the body style. So what I did was I reached out to the judges, got a little bit of feedback from them. I wanted to see what their opinion was of where I would do well in the industry. And they basically said, you know, take it in either direction and see, you know, just see where you stack up in the competitions. Right. They said I have a very nice all around shape and package for figure. But I also bring the same level of muscular density for women's physique. And that's what I was told was that it's kind of rare to be able to have that like crossover ability because that's kind of a fine line. Oh, yeah, that's what we were thinking. Yeah, you can come into muscular figure and come in under muscular. Well, yeah, I mean, if you're going to train to be in women's physique in the pro ranks, you're going to obviously start adding more muscle. You'll probably push yourself out of figure. What's your Instagram for people who look into, you know, check you out? Yeah, a great, great question. My Instagram is the handles at Empower Body's Official. That is my business and my company name is Empower Bodies. It's a training platform, virtual training platform for lifestyle clients, nutrition and training. Okay. We'll put that up there. Some people can see that. Now, it's a different when you are coaching people and working with other athletes. And then you've got to work with yourself. And it's almost, I always say it's impossible to advise yourself. Is that why you've got Victor? Absolutely. I am such an advocate for proper mentorship. Especially when you're in competition, right? And so getting closer and closer to a show, there's so many moving parts. It is nearly impossible to stay completely objective. Right. And so you can be the best athlete in the world, even the best athletes in the world have mentors and coaches to guide them and keep them on track and a huge advocate for that. That's amazing. You know, I'm watching some video from Team University. And you look at even doing this for a long time. You look very comfortable on stage, which I assume is just your OCD nature of making sure every detail is covered. Right. That's exactly right. I've actually only competed three times. So once at the local level, which qualified me for the national stage, my first national stage was in 2024 North Americans, a place to second in figure. And then once again, went to the national stage, this is what I did a couple weeks ago at Team Universe. That's where I decided for the first time to throw in the women's physique and ended up landing the program as well. Now you have an interesting background. You were into rowing. I mean, and I always find I used to live with a in college. My roommate did crew. And he would get up at like four in the morning every morning and they'd have to go and get in the boat. And they would go out and they would row. This was a college, obviously. And I'm like, man, you got to really like it up early to be a crew. That's one thing I hate doing getting up early. How did you get involved with that? It's a great question. When I was younger, it was actually my father. He used to be a really well-known wrestler. And in college, he had all these scholarships all the stuff. Well, I'm so short. He had an injury to his neck. He was not able to compete anymore in wrestling. One of his buddies kind of steer him into direction of rowing. Fast forward a little bit. He has five kids. I'm one of them. Yeah. And I ended up kind of following in his footsteps just to growing up around the sport. Right. And just really just being an athlete by nature. I just always had this competitive side to me, right? And so go right into that at a young age. I completed my first World Championships at the age of 11. Wow. Greston, continue to compete in the sport of rowing. You're after year at the World level. And then eventually, whenever I think it was age 17, is when they voted me in as the headwomen's coach. And then headwomen's coach ever since. That's awesome. Now, you never had a desire to try. I don't know if you were good enough or not. To go into the Olympics or anything like that. It's actually so. The sport is called Dragonboat Racing. So it's interesting because it's a little bit different than crew or schooling. Or it's backwards like this. Sure. The sport of Dragonboat Racing is essentially like a sprint canoe. So it's like a high meal sprint canoe with multiple people in there. So it can be either 10 people votes or 20 people votes. Oh, wow. And with respect to that, the reason that they actually don't have the sport in the Olympics is due to the amount of competitors in each boat. So it's more of a logistical aspect of how they act physically run the Olympics. However, it is interesting that you bring that up because they actually had a trial run with it in the world games. 2008, they had the world games in Calshung Taiwan. And that is, I'm really excited to say that I was able to participate. Oh, wow. That's both a coach and as an athlete, competitor of at that time. So that's as close as it's gotten to the Olympics. So. But they have the curling in the Olympics, but they don't have like drag in the race. I'm a kind of, they are a trail. They exclude sports, put out of sports in. It's so political. It's crazy. But there is so much politics. And it is pretty much. So now you're still involved with the rowing, then you're still doing that on a regular basis? Yes. However, right now, in my training, as I'm embarking in this professional stage career here, I am kind of taking a step back from that. Due to the fact that I want to keep symmetry in my musculature. Being that it is canoe style, it is typically on one side of the boat. And that can create muscular balances, which has been a huge, you know, not a rope, but challenge for me to, to butt up against and be able to bring that symmetry back in the suit. Oh, I would do photoshoot back in the day. And they be having me do the same arm. I'm like, I gotta do, I gotta do the other one, too. I'm like, I gotta even it at, I said. That's exactly right. So, and then you also have a degree you said in behavioral neuroscience. What's that about? Is that a master's degree? By all, is that an undergrad? That's a undergrad. So I have a bachelor's in my behavioral neuroscience with a specialty in systems and neuroplasticity. So that is all things brain related. How it translates into behavior and how our brains interact with the world and become, you know, or personalities. And all the different intricacies of how our bodies work. That's awesome. Now you ever had a desire to become like a psychologist or anything like that? Is that, well, is that something you're interested in? Early on, it was before I really had the trajectory of, you know, life and everything like that. I for a long time, I wanted to go to medical school and kinda go down that pathway. However, different doors have opened and I started my own business. I'm now a competitor and all these different doors have opened. It seems to be my niche, my area here. And so what I do is I really pull from that degree of behavioral neuroscience into the actual trainings and coachings that I do as a virtual coach and as a business owner because the muscles are run by, you know, the brain. So everything is really systematically connected. And I really bring that training into my coaching platform as well as different practices, such as neurolinguistic programming, which is a fancy way of saying the way that we speak to ourselves and how it interacts with us on a cellular level. Yeah, I know a couple of competitors that should probably hire you because they're brain is not wired properly. They got the body. They got the physique, they don't have the mindset to be a champion. Yeah, that's right. You got a reprogram, that a little bit. Well, you know, I want to wish you, you know, number one, I want to congratulate you on the double win and the IFB Pro card. I'm sure next year you're going to take this industry by storm. You've got the mindset, you've got the determination, you definitely have a passion for it. And it's nice to hear that in the newer generation coming up that we're going to see some great new competitors on stage. I think you're going to go towards women's physique. That's my prediction. You know, I don't disagree with you. I was so in love with the experience. It was amazing to just get up there and flow and let it go. So I cannot wait to bring this even more amazing package to stage when I make my pro debut. I'll tell you why I think you're going to do it. Because figure is very genetically predetermined. In other words, you only can do so much with your body. I mean, you could change a little bit. But you know, if you're not structurally the best person on the stage, you're not going to be misalipia. We're just women's physique. You couldn't kind of mold yourself into that form that they're looking for. I think there's a lot more plasticity in that. So I think that's going to interest you more. But we'll see if I'm right. I want to once again congratulate you and Victor Del Capo. Good friend of mine, who's your coach, great victories, congratulations, and check out Ashley's Instagram if you want to hire her to get your brain reprogramed. I think I might give you a call, actually. For now, I'm a people love them. With another RX muscle spotlight. Thanks.