Welcome back to R-AX Muscles. I rode to the Olympia 2018. I'm Dave Palombo and it's brought to you by RedCon1. Today's guest, Classic Physique, Pro Champion, Inchecago, and now going to his first Olympia at the Young Young Age of 25 years, Wesley Visitor's welcome back to the show. Thank you very much. I'll just have to be here for the second time. Yeah, that's pretty good. I don't get many people back for a second interview so quickly. But you seem to be a topic of a lot of hot debate out there. A lot of people really very high on you. I mean, the last time we talked to you, I just turned pro. Now you're going to the Olympia. You won your first pro show. There's people that hate you for doing that. There's people that love you and think the physique is great for the sport. How are you taking all this in? Well, I've always been quite confident in my ability to win shows, but this has gone even quicker than I thought myself. Because at the beginning of this year, I was nothing and never even competed at the NPC. And now I'm going to the Olympia standing at the best in the world. So to even accomplish that is just absolutely amazing to me. And to be able to stand there is just, it doesn't matter what anyone says. I'm just very happy to be there and to prove myself up there. Well, everyone always says I just interviewed Sergio O'Leave a junior and everyone gave him that his same advice. For the first Olympia, enjoy the journey, enjoy being there. I just have fun with it like you're in Disney land because after that, it's a lot of work. Because then you go in a win after that, you know? Oh, yeah, for sure. Then I know exactly what I need to work on. Yeah. Now, you know, like I said, I think a lot of people get excited about your physique. Because you have that Arnold like appearance. You emulate a lot of his poses on stage. People see the resemblance obviously to your physique. But a lot of people don't like almost like, you know, mad that you're doing so well. So, you know, so quickly, does the negative, because you know what happens is once you start achieving things, you get a lot of negative people to come out in addition to the people who are positive. Does that affect you at all? Does it, do you read all the comments and get upset when people don't, you know, give you praise or they might put you down? No, I don't really get upset because I still am kind of, I'm not sure why, but every time the top five of the Olympia of the classic G.C. is mentioned, I'm usually in the top five by any video that I watch. So to be in that top five just feels, you know, it feels unique to be there already, even though I've never been on that stage, not once, ever even been there. But I noticed that after I won the loyal Roman London pro in March, there was no negativity at all, because I just turned pro. But when I want to pro show actually competing against pros, then I did get more negativity. And I think it's because then there were a lot of people who were already trying several times to actually get a pro win. And then I come all of a sudden and win the show. Well, some people think I did in the survey because I lack some parts for the class in deraping and about in my opinion, the judges put me first for a reason. So I do think that judges do want to see that shape. Right. Well, I thought when I looked at the pictures, I wasn't there, obviously, but I looked at pictures for pre judging you, you were very, your tan wasn't good. But forget the pre judging for a minute and forget the tan. When we saw you come back at night, you had a good polish tan on. When I look at the top five line up, all I see is you. It's like my eyes go right to your physique, as you stick out so much from these other guys. These other guys look like bodybuilders and you just look like something else. You look like Arnold standing up there to me. And I think that that's, that makes a huge impact on the judges when you have a physique that just stands out like that. Yeah, that's true. It's not really something you can go in a gym and train is something that you either have or you don't. So when you have it on stage, you really should do your best to present it. I'm, I'm a very fortunate to even look slightly like Arnold. So using posters like his with a statuette that I have really brings an advantage to the stage. For sure. Do you work on those poses a lot like in study, you know, how Arnold hits him in stuff? Yeah, I do. I really what how he does his poses in pumping iron and even in the 1980 documentary. How he trains the posing and actually performing those poses myself. I notice how difficult they are. That's why I almost no one does them because it's very difficult to hit them just right. Right. Thanks a lot of practice, but if you do hit them right, they look awesome. You might. Who has worked with you on, on helping to perfect how you execute these poses? Well, mostly the Arnold poses I do myself just by studying, just watching the video, putting it on slow motion because YouTube does have that function, putting it on like 0.25 slow motion to, I can really see them moving that Arnold does in the videos. But there's also the owner of the gym that I train at, it's a very good pose for himself. So I make the routines together with him. His name is Peter von Drünen. And he trained a lot. I'm actually doing posing lessons from him. And it's going to be an awesome routine for sure because this time it's going to be three minutes. So it's going to be awesome. Now, when you watch the, look, I've seen pumping iron so many times. I could act out all the scenes myself. Now, you're studying it for actually how to actually execute the poses. Do you actually, like, can you, if you had your friends around, would you like do like the Arnold impersonation who's explaining to the guy how to hit the pose and that, you know, don't hide away when you're a big guy up to open up. Can you do all that? Can you do the impression? Well, yeah, not in the same way as him. But I do understand what he means behind it. Like you really have to open up in certain poses. And a lot of people don't do it. They hide themselves because I don't feel confident enough. They don't feel big enough. But you always have to think yourself as bigger than you are. Right. I love that scene. It's like, this is a little guy's, they hide away. You know, they tell you like, this I tell you, you've got to open up like that. Yeah. So. Have you ever been to Vegas before? No, never. She's not your first time. That's got to be exciting in and of itself. Yeah, it is. That's why we're staying quite long, actually, because we will be there a couple of days after the Olympics. So we can enjoy the venue, sure. So I'm going to enjoy it. Look, it's always exciting when you're a guy from another country, you know, is getting to come to Las Vegas to vibe, competing the biggest bodybuilding event in the world. And you're going to be standing on the stage with some of the best athletes in the world. And you're going to really get a true test of where your physique stacks up. You know, for some people, that's a lot of stress on them. How do you handle that? How do you at your age be able to, you know, kind of cope with what's happening to you in the bodybuilding world? Well, before there was classic physique, I used to have worries like that, because I was always afraid that someone could come in. I loved bigger than me, because there was no restrictions on the weight. But now that our restrictions and I'm quite tall, I do feel quite confident that even though I'm not as seasoned as those guys on stage, even when I'm setting next to them, I do stand my own. And I'm confident in my presentation on stage as well. And I'm just very, I just, the one thing that I really want to just stand next to the top guys just to see how I stack up against them. Because I do have, I never met them never seen them in my life. So I have no idea. So I just want to see that. This will be the first time you're going to be standing against some guys that are as tall as you to or close to at least. I mean, you got you Chris Bumstedt up there, you know, who's going to, you're going to stack up really well next to and a couple other guys that are really tall in that class. So it should be, I'm more excited to see the classic guys on stage to be honest than the open guys. So I know all the open guys. They've seen them all next to each other already. But we really haven't seen this whole new crop of classic physique guys that have crept up over this past year. We haven't seen them all together yet. I think the top then is going to change entirely compared to last year. So it's going to be very amazing because the thing about classic physique, but major exciting that you cannot predict what's going to happen this year. There's so much so many different good athletes this time. And with the openness always a little easier to predict the top six, but the 40 classic physique, I would have no idea who is going to be at the top this time. Absolutely. Now you're wearing one of your t-shirts from one of your vintage clothing line that you have. Tell us a little bit about that. I was on your website and I'm like, what this clothing is pretty cool. I actually kind of like it. It's different than anything else out there. Was it hard to find a manufacturer to make these type of shirts since it's not a standard type shirt? Yeah. I appreciate you seeing it by the way. I started the vintage genetics company a couple of years back because I noticed that when your YouTube followers start to increase, they kind of want to have something from you to represent you to support you. So I started the clothing brand, the vintage genetics. It wasn't in the Netherlands. It wasn't that difficult to find good manufacturers for the clothing because there's a lot of, it's a small country so you can drive for three hours and you see the entire country. You kind of find factory right away if there's a good one and there was a good one. Without one, we made a lot of good contact with them. There are so many different clothings that for example, this one I had just scroll through the clothing and I see this one, I immediately say, hey, that's a good one to buy. That's like not so bad for design so I pick that one and then see how it rolls on the side and it goes well, I buy a lot more. That's basically how I do it every time. It can use the ones and see how they do. The great thing about a vintage clothing line is that back in the 60s, 70s, 80s, whatever, there really wasn't a lot of fancy fonts and fancy t-shirts. Everything was pretty much just standard, and it was just the way it looked. You don't really have to act, you're actually it's easier to make your clothing line now because the font is nothing special, it just has to look authentic. Old school is basic and I don't think basic of old school ever die out. It will always stay relevant so the clothing line proved it because it's going pretty well. A lot of people are supporting me thankfully. I really appreciate that, but I love the classic style as well. Yeah, no, I think it's a great idea. Everyone's going to carve out their own niche and I think I don't think anyone's done what you're doing really, which is smart. Going back, hey, if I'm going to be a classic physique competitor with a classic Arnold look, let me get a clothing line and it kind of mimics that. Everyone kind of goes for the most modern stuff out there. You're taking a retro approach which I think might work to your favorite because no one else is doing it. That's true. It's basic in the designs, but also basic in the pricing because the more modern you want to be, the more expensive the materials have. Have you been working with mine? So the clothing that I produce isn't that expensive to purchase as well. So that's an event fit in the zone. If you want, you know, I always say you want to make money. You've got to have good margins, right? And that doesn't have to play. A lot of people try to produce, I'm a dummy. I try to produce the best quality supplements and then I try to sell it and I realize holy shit, my price, your little more expensive than other people's because it costs a lot to make them. But you know, you got the best of both worlds because you got a unique niche and you got good margins. So you'll be successful. Yeah. What's the one piece of advice you give to guys who might be watching this who are kind of trying to emulate you there. They're maybe training for the first class physique show and they want to like, you know, eventually be pros. You know, what's the best advice that you can give that you've learned over the course of your short career? Well, what I'm always to give advice to people who want to compete, look the show up of the last year. For example, you want to compete this year, look it up, last year, see what the winner looked like and compare yourself to the winner. If you doubt that you can beat the winner, then don't do the show, then build upon yourself. Because if you can't beat the winner of last year, what's to say that someone like that doesn't show up again. Right. So you really have the only, you should only do a show if you believe you can absolutely win. Because otherwise you could still go in and out season and train more, build more muscle, especially in the classic physique. You kind of have to hit your weight limit first, because why compete if you can still, you know, build 20 more pounds on your frame. You should really go for a good off season and build some quality muscle, work an opposing in the meantime and when you compete for the first time, blow everyone away right away. Are you a big believer in not getting on stage unless you're at your best? Basically. Yeah. I do believe so. Okay. That's some unique advice and I think people can take that to heart and obviously it works for you. Very successful in the competitive career. Is there anyone out there that you want to maybe just plug or give credit to for helping you get to where you are now? Because I know bodybuilding is not necessarily a loan sport. There's a lot of support systems that we have in place. Oh yeah. Well without the support system that I have around me, I would not have made it this far for sure. First of all, my parents who support me very much. My mom and dad have been with me since the very first show supporting me every single show. It's been there with every single show. My dad has been with me backstage, tending me, pumping me up, oiling me every single time without him. I wouldn't be able to do it. Are they going to be a limpia? Is going with me to the Olympia actually. The entire family will go. Wow. Friends will grow so it's going to be very busy. We actually have an entire row reserved for just us. Oh really? Wow. Yeah, that's going to be amazing. Sometimes that's stressful because it's like you feel like you have to entertain these people. But luckily Vegas has got a lot to do there. Luckily that's the location for many people as that. But next to my parents, also my girlfriend who is every time I've done a show since she's my girlfriend, she's been with me as well to the shows. I'm preparing my meals every time she could helping me tan as well, being backstage with me, just an awesome support system. And of course my coach, Feri Robines. And I'm going to be funny because he and Chris Asito, they do know each other from back in America. They used to go to the same class university I believe. Oh, really? That's funny. Yeah, that's going to be a funny meeting. Springfield. Springfield. Yeah, I think you went to. Springfield College. Yeah. They did the same study I believe. So that's going to be pretty interesting. Oh, yeah. I got to bring up the crew. It was an awesome chat to your limpia now. So I got a big head of it. And Chris, obviously, has got a lot of top competitors in class as well. Yes. And that's funny. Yeah. Let me ask you this question. Obviously since you become like a social media kind of star overnight, you know, I'm sure you got a lot of, you know, girls contact you all the time. Does that create stress with the girlfriend because you have all these people who just want, you know, to be associated with you? And that really, because she is luckily a very confident girlfriend. She actually, I am my account, my Instagram account is also on her phone because I couldn't upload for a while. So she actually does get my notifications as well, but she doesn't mind at all because she's a lot of the hearts and stuff. But there's so many messages that I cannot even respond to them. So I, I'll immediately just have to swipe them away because I'm a, most of them are, just, you know, nonsense basically. Right. I'm sure you get more of like, you know, gay guys also hit 90. Oh, there's more gay guys in girls. That's what I always said. I always had more guys after me. I'm like, how can I, I get no women who are interested in me. It's all guys that wanted, you know, talk to the, you know, so that's the straight fight with body. Well, Wesley, you know, best to lock up on that stage. We wanted to just get you here, get a little update since you won the, the Chicago Pro and see where your heads at. It seems like you're very confident. It seems like you got everything together. And I think all the little amateur mistakes you worked out on that Chicago pro stage will not be made on the Olympia stage. And I'm, I'm looking forward to seeing that battle up there in that first call out. Thanks. I'm looking forward to it as well. The first call would be, that would be my dream come true for sure. Looking forward to it. Thank you, Dave. All right. No, best of luck. And we'll see you in Vegas for now. There were at a time. I'm, Dave Palombo with another episode of RX muscles iron road to the Olympia 2018. Brought to you by RedCon 1. We'll see you next time.