We're gonna be launching the tasty pastry for the Lowcar Poptart. We've got three and four brands in that carps, and we love to show this is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to Legendary Foods, Muscle in the Morning. I'm Dave Palombo, and today is Friday, July 16, 2021, and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Ladies and gentlemen, it's Friday and we're less than 24 hours away from kicking things off at the Portugal Pro. And that means that we are less than 24 hours away from seeing Wesley Vissers make his highly anticipated season debut. Over the last few weeks we've spotted a few names to watch, and the classic physique line up here. But when the official line-ups were released on Monday, whoever anyone was projecting is the potential winner immediately slid down as spotter two when we saw Wesley's name on the list. A few pre-used that we've gotten from his camp so far all have been right on the money. And if he nails it 100%, it's game set to match, as soon as he sets foot into the building. Believe it or not, this is actually the busiest week in the year so far in terms of how many shows are on the schedule. So make sure you tune in for our next recap Wednesday to check out what went down. But looking ahead to next weekend, everyone who's anyone is waiting to see what happens at the Chicago Pro, which means that there are going to be plenty of eyes on Joe Mackie. Joe's been working with Dennis James for the majority of his contest prep. And right now it's a pretty stage that to say that this is the best he's ever looked from a sizing conditions standpoint. I don't think Joe's ever been anywhere close to where he is right now. And I think it's the combination of these two things that has some people wondering if you can potentially challenge Puntil Abraata for a spot in the top two. Because of anyone in that top group leaves a sliver of daylight. I'm sure that Joe would be more than happy to take advantage of the opportunity. Body building is like most sports in this sense that timing is everything. If you peek a little too soon or you miss the mark and peek a little too late, your championship window can open and close before you even realize what happened. But with that being said, I know that in the Thalia Quaylo believes that this is her time to shine in women's physique. And if she's doing everything in her power to make it happen a few days ago in the Thalia release, her first training clip since she started her Olympia prep where we saw this year's top title contender showcasing some of her talents. When you look at how this division has shaped up over the last three years, the Thalia is the only athlete in the world. Not named Shini Kran, who can say that she's placed top three or better on the Olympia stage during that span. And since Shini Krodoffin to the sunset, that leaves the Thalia in a class all by herself. So if he just keeps improving, like she always has, she'll be right there giving a sour of a legus, oh, she can handle. Some of the ancient stoic philosophers believe that the two keys to happiness were focusing on what you can control and ignoring the essentials. And if being back on the Olympia stage for the first time in two years is what makes you happy, maybe moving out to oxygen-giv to train like Nathan De Ashich could be a solid third option too. After being forced to quarantine for six days after he landed, Nathan's picking right back up where he left off and says that for now the plan is to keep chipping away day by day until it's time for him to make his season debut with the Europa Championships in Spain. And you take into account how many distractions that he's had over the last year, digging this sort of distraction-free environment might be the best thing for him, because if he can double down and focus on what he can control and ignore everything else, that's unessential, well, that might be all he needs to make things fall into place. And that does if you had another edition of Muscle in the morning on Day of the Lumberal Reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.