Wake up Bodybuilding Fansets Monday morning here at Muscle in the Morning and I'm Dave Palombo and today is Monday, August 13, 2018. And let's find out what's going on in the world of Bodybuilding and Fitness. Sometimes as a fan, what you can do is sit back and stare at some of the stuff you see while your head swings back and forth with one of those WTF nods. And by now everyone who's seen the latest Rully Winkler update goes exactly what I'm talking about. Late last week, BetaBaddae and the camera crew dropped the surprise Rully Winkler update that almost broke the internet. The level of density and fullness and straight up crazy alien-looking muscle that this guy has is completely mind-blowing. I don't think I'm in the minority when I say that I can fully expect this to be the best Olympia ever for Rully because of this guy's head is best. He might honestly be good enough to challenge for a top three spot. While Doria Nights may have been the greatest bodybuilder to ever come out of the UK, Nathan the Escher is personally trying to reset the bar for the UK athletes when he steps on stage for his second straight Mr. Olympia. Since his big win at the New York Crow, all the Escher's done over the last three months his turn himself into a bona fide top threat one workout at a time. When you look at his latest updates, the Escher's team have shown a quality of detail that right now completely blows away anything we saw back in New York. Which shows you how hard this guy is out there beating on his craft right now. For pound this kid is his talent, has anyone in the business. But with the margin of error at the top being so slim this year, if you really want one of those coveted top six spots, he's going to have to push himself harder than he's ever done down these last five weeks. Both of the time when I hear guys talking about their numbers on the scale, my eyes start to uncontrollably roll back into my head because they know they're about to tell me a big S-Li. But I can promise you that when it comes to 212 Superstar, Sean Clarita, those numbers don't even come close to telling the whole truth. Last week the 212 Giant Killer dropped a new update on his fans where he gave them an up-post and personal look at 175 pounds of fury. True to form, Clarita's been like a quiet assassin so far this prep. And as far as I'm concerned, he's probably at his best ever right now. When good guys like Clarita are out there crushing it in silence every day, you can't help and find yourself starting to root for them once the action finally starts to get rolling. Spoiler alert, I watched the movie How It Hands On Netflix the other night and it was so bad that I seriously almost got up and punched the hole right through my TV screen. But thankfully for me I managed to catch a little bit of Sean Roan's latest back day to help keep my anger from getting to happy Gilmore levels. Once again, I watched the drone has been holed up at Golge and Venice for this year's road to the Olympia where all reports seem to indicate that he's in a good place physically and mentally. One of the things I've always loved about Sean Roan is how he's basically been one of the most underappreciated superstars of his generation. The spite the fact that this guy has been great for almost a decade now. And for this year's sake, I hope he brings his best to the Olympia stage. Do that's the only way he's ever going to get. The love that he deserves as someone who's a true generational talent. I absolutely love what classic physique, Ali and superstar, stand the stand of the Olympia is doing right now. Last at a month away from his first Olympia, stand of the Olympia is been absolutely crushing it out of the Mecca, gold Venice. To the point where I've heard his name starting to be mentioned as a potential top five classic physique contender. The pound for pound, the Olympia is probably one of the most colorful characters in the division. And having a guy like him leading the charge with his next generation of athlete, sure wouldn't be a bad thing if the bodybuilding world wants to keep expanding their market into the future. And that does it to get another edition of Muscle in the morning. On day below reminding you to always be true to your passions. And they should have followed us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.