After working hard at the gym, you need a mattress that works as hard as you do. Spinaline has engineered the perfect mattress for you and your active lifestyle. Don't compromise your recovery with inferior sleep or to your spinaline mattress today. After working hard at the gym, you need a mattress that works as hard as you do. Spinaline has engineered the perfect mattress for you and your active lifestyle. Don't compromise your recovery with inferior sleep or to your spinaline mattress today. Spinaline has engineered the perfect mattress for you and your active lifestyle. Don't compromise your recovery with inferior sleep or to your spinaline mattress today. The rush begins once pre-workout vape. I'm Dave Polumbau, founder of Spices Nutrition. I created Spices Nutrition with one mission in mind to provide bodybuilders and serious athletes with no nonsensoplements that work and are backed by science. From my earliest bodybuilding days, I believe in only putting the best in my body and that lives on in this Spices Nutrition line of products. We use only top of the line formulations, toast for maximum results and the best flavoring systems available. I put my name and reputation on every bottle of Spices Nutrition products. If you want to be in your apps, you'll best join the evolution. We're going to be in the next video. Our ex-tellvision on rxmuscle.com. This is as Dave better known as hashtag as Dave. Your third even question and answer show with Dave Polumbau course. All your questions, diet, training, supplementation. I have to be pros, competitions, whatever is on your mind. It is all on the tables and now bring in Dave Polumbau. Of course, Hunter LeBraut, winning the 2020 Tampa Pro, impressing a lot of people and obviously sparking all sorts of conversation about his potential and what we might see out of hunter over the course of the next two to three years on that Olympia stage. But Dave, you just had an opportunity to interview Hunter if you want to give the fans a little primer. By the time this episode goes up, that interview should be live on the channel. Hunter was really cool and I've interviewed him before. I wanted to get a perspective of how what is mindset was now that he won the show and he got that first pro win in his back at trick. He never lost a show as an amateur. He's undefeated and obviously undefeated as a pro now. That's going to be a supreme confidence boost to him. And it is, obviously, I also asked him what he thought about guys like Flex Wheeler and Lee Prees saying that he thought that he could possibly be a potential Mr. Olympia. And I'm a step in that felt good to him as well. The guy only had four months really off season training. He's a really put size on this year because he had that major shoulder clean out and by some relocation surgery. His bicep was hanging by thread like we had in torn. So he really can't tell much from it. But he, you know, so this year I think we're going to see after the Olympia. He's going to make some serious improvements. And I think when we see him in 2021, I think that's when he's going to be as most dangerous. So a lot of excitement, a lot of excitement this past weekend and just in general, obviously all the conversation about when bodybuilding would restart. Whether or not we would even have a 2020 bodybuilding season will of course, that was put to rest his past weekend. Very exciting showing with hundreds of the broader maybe a peak into the future of the top tier of bodybuilding. And then of course the always dangerous invalier and then Dwayne Walker, which you finished third place, but had many fans, buzzing many fans. He may have even placed higher. So very impressive action from the, I guess, quote unquote restart from the 2020 bodybuilding scene. And hopefully a sign of things to come as we get into the question. The first two questions. I want to explain, I want to explain. I want to explain. I actually asked Hunter about Dwayne because I, you know, I would be doing my job. And he was very complimentary to him. You know, he thought he looked really good, but I think him and I both agreed and I, you know, of course, you know, he's going to agree that you beat him, but I bring that he beat him. So I just don't think Dwayne is big enough to beat Hunter yet and his legs are not completed enough. But I think down the road, if he adds to the 1015 counselors body, what got for this guy is guy dangerous. A lot of people are talking about just that frame that muscle that he packs on the level of conditioning. So Dwayne Walker certainly, a very, very exciting talent to be look for going forward. And of course, Dave, your guy, Phil Clark, very impressive showing coming in for it. Let's get to the question. The first two questions. Of course, and Dave, let's go. I'm going to experience half the first question. Dave, do you maintain muscle on less protein that it takes to build a muscle mass? Absolutely. There's no doubt about that. And I've said this before. It's you don't have to eat crazy amounts of food to maintain. We have that effect. And you try to lose the muscle. It's pretty hard if you've had it for a while when I, you know, decide I was going to start bringing my weight down slowly. I was, you know, I was walking around 280 and you know, I've seen my head in a lot of food. When I just cut back my food to like normal amounts, you know, five feelings a day, maybe, but just normal amounts not like stuff in myself like I would have to do before. I was maintaining 255 to 6. Yeah, I couldn't lose any more weight. I had to like then bring it down the four meals and then I got down to like 240s. And I had a really reduced protein to get it lower than that. So yeah, I mean, it's what you have the muscle it's easy now. Let's say you just gain the muscle and then you stop eating. Yeah, you can lose a pretty fast. But when you've had it for like three, four or five years. To maintain what you have, it's super easy. You could take an HRT dose of testosterone and you can eat probably five, you know, moderate protein meals a day. And you probably won't lose a single pound of muscle. So you're trained, obviously. Second question again for the deep, a lot of all experience have deep, I compete in the master's division. Can't train like it did 20 years ago, should I do more volume due to the lack of intensity? Yeah, there's nothing wrong with that. You know, a lot of people think, you know, because I'm a big advocate of high intensity training and heavy training. If you can't do it because you're injured, okay? Then do what you can do. If you can do high repetitions, you know, and lighter weights, you're going to stimulate the muscle. You're not going to lose. I had the opposite problem. I had my shoulders were hurting me so badly that because of joint pain that, you know, the doctor, one of the doctors had gone to a game. He had a good analogy. He said, you know, he's shoulder joint is like an old rusty hinge on a door. If the door is real old, then you keep opening, closing, opening, closing, opening, closing, all day long, it's going to break quicker. You know, it's going to fall off the hinges. But if you only open it a couple times a day, it's not going to be so bad. When he gave me that analogy, I don't think he really meant this towards training. He was just talking about it in general. I said, well, what if I train heavy with fewer, you know, fewer exercises, fewer sets, you know, I could still, the heaviness will help maintain the muscle mass, but I won't be over using the joint. And so that's what I used for the last 18, 19 years that I was training through, and I was competing five of those years and doing well. You know, so I was able to maintain my muscle mass, while not necessarily doing the volume or the kinds of training I wanted to do more machine work. I couldn't do it like more free weights, but it didn't matter. I've already had a ton of muscle. I just had a stimulate. So you got to find what works you if higher reps, you know, lighter weight works well and it doesn't hurt you, then do it. If you can do heavier weight less, you know, sets and maintain it, then that's what you do. You have to find that what works for you. Let's go to our Instagram questions. I get it. We've already following us. It's official underscore our ex muscle. If you're watching us, for the first time on YouTube, hit the subscribe button below, hit the notification bell. You're not going to miss any of our upcoming videos or segments. If you like what you're watching, hit the like button. Obviously that helps us comment, that helps us even more as always. We appreciate your on going support. Let's go first to Philip Roe, depending on you how to answer this one, this might spark another one of those back and forth around YouTube videos. Thoughts on grant do sense claim that 300 to 500 cows surplus is enough to gain muscle even for professional bodybuilders. Well, I mean, that's a very open ended statement because 500 calories of what? Protein, carbs, fat, combination. You know, whenever you make a blanket statement like that, you're always leading yourself open to like being proven raw. Because not everyone's body works like that. In my body in extra 500 calories would have been like, well, it'd been like, you know, me walking up a flight of steps and that would have been there's the extra 500 calories out there that the window. You know, so it doesn't apply to everyone. Some people you eat in extra 500 calories get fat from it. Don't you put muscle and you get fat, you turn to a fat load. They don't need that. So you have to qualify number one what the 500 calories. So that's why I hate the word calories. When I use it sometimes by accident because I'm so brainwashed by the word, I get mad at myself because 500 calories tells you nothing. Well, how much protein is that? How much fat? How much carbs? Now, if you said if you ate an additional 30 grams of protein per day and 20 grams of fat and you know, that'll cause muscle growth, that would have been a better statement. I think from then saying an extra 500 calories surplus. So not a good, not a good term to use because most people if you just added 500 calories of carbs, they're just going to get either fat or they're going to burn up the carbs. Carbets don't build muscle. So it's not going to do anything. So I don't necessarily like the statement. I think it's too old or non-type statement and it's not true because of that. And so I think it needs to be qualified a little better. I think it's going to be an organic 74. What's the deal with pharmacist telling me that an NML vial of my test for TRT expires 28 days after the first use? That's called marketing on the pharmacist part. He wants to sell you what this does. Throw it out. You know, the greatest scam of all time was back in the, I think it was late 90s. Probably no early 2000s when they were selling the serum, Serrano is selling serum, and a growth hormone kits, the eightspatians. They were selling them a bot a botch with seven vials. And each file contained 189 use of GH. Now for most people, that could last anywhere from like six, five or six, seven eight days even. That's one vinyl. So that would be time seven vials on a box. You can, that could be like two months worth, you know, even if taking a nice dosage. They were recommending that you use that in a week. Okay, one vial per day. And if you didn't use, you know, let's say, are you going to have to use 189 use, but you have to throw out whatever you don't use that one day because it's no good after that, which we all know is bowl. They wanted to sell more. So they was selling these eightspatians for boxes per month. Now the eightspatians were in paying Medicaid was paying for it was costing $1,500 per box. So do the math at $6,000 Medicaid was covering on per patient per month. Think about how much money out there out of our taxes was being put towards this therapy and they were overdosed in these people. They weren't. And most of them weren't even using it. They were selling the boxes to the bodybuilders. So it was, it's a scam. You know, it's like, all the drug companies stuff to the skin. You really think that new trick. You think by protein goes bad after like whatever the expiration date I think we're using. We, I think we have two and a half years now on there doesn't go bad. The funny thing is that I'll use the expired protein because you know, sometimes we have some a couple of jugs that don't sell on the weird flavors. I've used protein that was like five years old that I found in like my garage from my old house and I'm like, oh, this has been there for like that. It's perfectly like. Now that doesn't mean that you can't lose some potency, but you're not untestosterone oil based animal steroids last forever. So to say after 28 days it's going to go bad as ludicrous. Well, it's good. A Patrick staff or 50. It's a topic that you have touched on. I know with Chris Cito a few different times. Do you think that the Mr. Olympia will go ahead, even if qualifying competitors from other countries can't travel to the US and it's funny day before he answer the question. There was the Olympia qualified list that was released a thing yesterday and I think including fill heat. There may have been four competitors US based that I guess were part of that list. And everybody else depending on the traveler's traditions, who knows may or may not be able to make it come December. You're taking that and then I guess in the event that it cannot happen to these international competitors cannot come over. What is your solution to that. Well, look at that word Tampa. You didn't see any international people in the Tampa line up and they still held Tampa. So I mean that's the Olympia. Sox for everyone has looked. Remember when the Olympics had some boycott years where we were like re-boycott in in I think it was 1980 was it. Yeah, we didn't go to Russia. And the Russians I think boycott in 84 or was the 86. 86 I think they boycotted. So we were missing you know big countries and who legitimately would have won a lot of metals in both the those Olympics. And so the Olympics still happened. There's the sole record to still in the book and it is what it was 1980 was Russia in 70 and 84 was the American man. I don't think that that's Russia didn't show up and we didn't show up. So the Olympia will go on whether this five or 10 guys on stage or or not they don't care you know whether the competition is not as deep as it was last year. They don't care is going to be an Olympia champ round this year. That's the bottom line and whoever is able to show up and is qualified. Has a good shot at winning. So I mean this is a good year for people who maybe maybe never had a chance at making top six. They might make it this year because of the fact that there's just not going to be the depth of competitors. Now if I was a European competitor and I knew I had a chance at winning the Olympia. I would be working like getting to the US now. I'd be living here. I moved I'd get over here in the next month and stay right through the end of December. I don't know how I would do it, but I would find someone to stay with and train with and something like that because that's my livelihood. So you know they have plenty of time to prepare. So I like to spring it on these people the last minute. I'm William Bonaak or really Winkler. I'm getting my butt over to the US now and settling in Las Vegas and starting to train people whatever I got to do. You know live there until the Olympia is over and you go back because you can't afford to miss the Super Bowl body. It's just not. It's not on the table. If you're a real competitor, you're going to find a way to get here. Well, they've let me just quickly jump in. I'll read off. I'll zip through the list right now. Brandon Curry obviously the US. Bonaak and other lanes. How do you chew upon Iran. That's your Jackson USA really Winkler. Chris out. Feel heath. Well, they're not heath. We'll not. Please set your million. Nathan Deasha the United Kingdom one morale. If I slow is who's qualified. I'm classified as USA obviously living in Florida as long as he's been in a hunter, LeBraata. So they let me actually add another rinkler to this question. Assuming that there aren't going to be, and I know you've discussed this before as well, but assuming that you're looking at a field of maybe five or six heading in December. What do you think the protocol for special invites potentially would be? Well, you know, who in the US is not qualified that really, you know, we want in the show. I guess that's the question. Yeah, obviously there's always an invite out there for Kai Green and Phil. He's of course in short. I would. I don't know. It's Sean Rodin's case going to be settled by then or not. I don't know what the trial date is. He would he could save the Olympia, obviously, if he would a panel has whatever's going on with his case and get cleared. And he shows up and him and Curry go battle it, you know, one on one on that stage. I think that brings a lot of attention to the Olympia. I think the excitement is there. If no one shows up to kind of like really challenge Brandon Curry except for like say flex Lewis, it'll still be exciting. We want to see flex Lewis on that stage. But it's not going to be as exciting, obviously. It'll also give decks to Jackson a chance to possibly win another Olympia. Thank you. So deck. I always say the decks are always in the right place at the right time. He's one of these guys that throughout his entire career is always right there waiting for that knockout punch. And this is the perfect environment. Things are a mess up in this country. You know, people can't travel. People can't get to the show. The superstars are not in the line of Sean's dealing with a case. Phil doesn't want to compete. Kai's in, you know, Lala land, you know, doing making movies and variety shows. Dexter could step in there if Brandon Curry's often win this thing, you know, or even like a flex Lewis. I don't know, you know, I'd love to see flex battle with that with Dexter and Brandon. I think that would be an enrolative course. But I don't even know if we're leaking it over here. So it's interesting. Like if you're an odds maker, this might be the hardest Olympia to handicap because we the hell knows is going to be in it. I'll just give you the quick, uh, the in-contention, a qualify from the US and Canada, reading Grimes 8 points, Steve Cookello 8 points, Valier 8 points, Sergio Leavad Jr and Dwayne Walker with seven points each. Let's go. Couple of classic physique related questions. The first one from Neil's Luzki. What top IFB be pro in the open class? Do you think would have the best chance had they competed in classic physique? Oh, I can the history of this work. Well, no, let's go. Let's go. Let's stick to the current. I'll tell you what's about power. That power has been a great classic physique. I've currently, I don't know. I mean, well, Henry Pierre now wasn't open guy who switched the classic and he did really well. So I mean, there's there's a good example right there of a guy who kind of was able to cross over. So to speak. Sean Rodin would have been a great class the guy. You know, before he put on as much muscle as he did. When he first came out, he probably couldn't make classic physique. He wasn't. He wasn't he was he a light heavyweighter. I'm trying to think. I don't even remember. But he would have easily, you know, fit into that classic with that structure and beautiful flow to his body. Even Dennis Wolf when he first started, you know, was, you know, because of his height, he probably could have made classic physique. And the early early early part of his career. So I don't know. I guess Rodin would be the guy who comes to mind in my mind. Well, what about a son of like a Rafael Brandeo, was so much debate after his last oral classic appearance? I don't know. I think he's pretty heavy though. I think he's got a decent amount of muscle on his body. I think if he's too small, he's not he doesn't have the lines of like a rodent or something like that. You know what I mean? If he would have made classic, I think he would have been too small. You know, he's he's got a lot of density, but and he's not the biggest pro, but he's also not. I don't think he's close to the classic physique. I don't know if anybody knows what that was something else debated. 2018 or so. You remember you had to make the response video, but you got all the Brazilian fans who are angry that people are saying that he should go classic, but so another classic or the classic because he got really a question similar to what you just brought up. With the spike in classic physique, I mean he goes on to even mention men's physique in the 2012. Do you think will ever get to see super freaks on stage again that the likes of Grecovax, Nasser, Marcus Rules on a silver. Yeah, I think so. I mean we still have them. I mean we have Rulean we have Rame and I you know whether they can over here to compete with those quarantine is another story. We have super freaks in production, so to speak. You know, it's not like we're devoid of that. We have a lot of big guys in the lineups. I mean I think Flex Lewis is a freak, even though he's not tall. He's a for his high. He's a freak. So they're there. You know, and Mustafa, what is it from? Hassan Hassan. Hassan. Hassan, Hassan. Hassan, Hassan, is a freak over there in the middle east. So I mean we have a lot of huge guys that potentially, you know, if they come and in shape and if we could ever get them over here into the US, they can do very well. And so I think the future body building is good. And especially when I see like a huntal abroad coming up and he's a guy who could it's going to be a big player. I think in the next two, three years in the sport. There's there's there's new talent always coming up. We just don't know it yet and we haven't seen it yet, but it's on the way. And I think that as the older guys start to you know see this new talent coming up and they can't beat these guys and build retired. I think the reason why we're seeing guys sticking around a lot longer now into their 40s and even 50 now with Dexter is that no one's beaten them. So why would she doxilev? I don't believe he's going to convert tire after this year. I think he's going to stick around. I think he's going to build what I almost won the Olympia. You know, why would I retire at this point? So but once we get guys like LeBron coming in and that whole crew and they start knocking off some of these guys, they're going to leave. I would. I mean, but for now, stick around as long as you can make money. Let's go to Sabino Lewis went on TRT. What should be the test to estrogen ratio? You know, I always go by the ratios on board work. So on TRT, I like to be in the high normal range, which is around 8 to 7 800. If I'm trying to at least maximize the way I look, and estrogen should be in normal range. But you don't want it. You don't want it lower than normal range because if your estrogen's too low, you lose your sex drive number one. But that's not important to muscle. It's important to your height. You look good. But estrogen also sensitizes and resepters to muscle growth. So you don't want your estrogen to too low because that's going to inhibit you from growing. And obviously having sex drive and gain pump too. It's having a good solid pump in the gym. But you don't want it too high. Are you getting side effects like gynacomascia and fluid retention and all kinds of stuff like that. So I like to keep it in the middle to low normal range. Do I remember what it is I have no I don't remember. When I look at blood work, all the ranges are on there already. I can't remember exactly with the normal range would be for estrogen. But that's what we wanted in normal normal low to middle range. We don't want it in the high range. Let's go to be winery 20 during the show prep. Would you recommend doing fast cardio first, then lifting and having a shake or have a shake or eat lift and then do cardio I get it before 30 in the morning and that's the only time I have to go to the gym. Yeah, what if you're going to go early in the morning have a shake go work out with weights. Do you cardio come back and then eat. I mean that's that's the smart way to do it. I always tell the rule of thumb is you never weigh train on an empty stomach. Okay, and cardio you want it either being at the pleaded state or an empty stomach. So if you're going to get up first thing in the morning to cardio you obviously you're on an empty stomach. If you wake up in the morning you want to weigh train you have to eat something so have a shake and then after you do cardio you're depleted so then you can do I mean after you do you wait to your depleted so then you can do your cardio. That's that's that's the right I guess you can say order of the way you do things. I know we talked about candidates before but I don't know about necessarily using this context is from boost god 97. Is it a good idea to use cannabis to increase appetite to put on muscle? I know a lot of big pot smokers you know people who like to engage in that on a daily basis and when I when I find is the guys that the doom that smoke marijuana or whatever they've ate but whatever they do with it on a regular basis they lose that that month she that hunger. I don't know if you don't do if you never do marijuana and you do you do you know smoke a joint or whatever you do you're going to be really really hungry. But when you do it regularly it's like you become desensitized to that effect and you it doesn't really affect you like that anymore. Some people say it does but a lot I know a lot of guys that they smoke and they don't even want to eat and I need the leaders. So you know if you want to use it once in a blue moon to do that I mean this better way to enhance appetite I would rather use personally if I was competing G.H.R.P.6 which is at least going to cost him G.H. release and it's going to make me hungry. You know where is it worth a lot of marijuana you know it's you know you're kind of it's a hallucinogenic you know it's hard to really focus and train real hard when you're on that although some people I know they like the smoke and go to the gym so. Everyone has their own cup of tea to me if you could avoid doing recreational drugs I never did direct ghost drugs when I was you know doing my I shouldn't say that. I did do new game but I didn't do like like you know party type drugs or anything that like slowed me down. While I was in that those peak years of like putting muscle on I really just focused on everything body deleted because I don't want to I didn't want to risk anything I don't want to risk not having you know focus or not having you know drive. And food eating food was never a problem for me so you know but you know if you want to rationalize hey I like to give high and it makes me hungry I'll eat more I guess once in a while it's not bad but if you're doing it on a regular basis it's it's not for the increase your appetite. Let's go to Ron like on me to seven can you get hard dense muscle with an only test cycle and proper preparation. I think that you can you can probably do that I think that testosterone is obviously the most powerful at a ball gap there so you can get great results just on testosterone but for some reason. We've talked about this before when you stack two compounds you take to it the same time they synergize each other they make each other work better so testosterone plus something else. Leeds to more gains exponential gains not just one plus one equals two it's like one plus one equals five so. I always like to stack testosterone with another anabolic agent when I'm when I'm trying to grow or even die it. That matter because you get way better results with two of them even if you double your testosterone usage for some reason testosterone with another with something else works better. That makes sense. Let's go to demand it shot is cardio on the bike more beneficial for leg growth development. I I they asking you think the question that. That biking will help you build muscle on your legs I don't know if that's that's what it sounds like the question is. Cardi is not going to build muscle on your legs look at it look at runners. I'm talking about long distance runners to that people who do endurance type like training don't get the muscles don't high-pertsuiting a bigger they just become more oxygen efficient. So you're not going to build muscle from biking or doing the Peloton my wife's at the Peloton spin bike or you know doing starmaster or step nil you're not you're just going to break down muscle tissue okay. And that sense so now if the question is which cardio is best so that you don't lose muscle in your legs then I would say yeah I would see like no tension spinning bike like a bike that just spins like the no tension on it. Or walking on a treadmill with no incline even like a little bit of elliptical because it's pretty low low impact with no tension those are the things that are going to help burn fat without burning away the muscle of your legs because there's no tension on them you don't you're not trying to give you legs a workout. When you're doing cardio you're just trying to get your heart moving and your blood pumping and you're you know you're sweating a little bit so when you start doing cardio to intensely you're just overworking your legs. Let's go to S.S. Danzy would it be a good idea to take a free workout in episodes with just a zip water when pumping up before you step on state for show I'm trying to be more a vascular. I would not do that not that's like one of the things I talk about don't do cookie crazy things before you know the last week of the show people. Why would you take that stuff you don't don't take anything backstage. If you're in shape and you're carved up and you're dry you should look amazing backstage with all your coloring and your your oil on you shouldn't have to do once you stop popping things okay that's when trouble begins because then. What if you because most of those pre work I'd dilate the vessels they open up the blood vessels that they did the pump. You know we used to take nious impills backstage and and people were passed and out and drop and that left and right and turning red because they were they were vaso dilating all the veins. And that was dropping blood pressure and guys already have low blood pressure because they're on dioratics that's what dioratics do they lower your blood pressure so. No don't take anything crazy backstage just show up in shape and do you think. Rans Von 752 how would you progress if you want to answer the most general sense how would you approach to contest one week apart in terms of car loading and depleting. You do the same thing I back the back and since it's so easy it's let's you know if I car bump on Thursday Friday and Saturday's the show. Sunday I have a cheap enough to show Sunday I start my depletion again low carb Sunday Monday Tuesday sometimes like half the day on Wednesday I'll put some carbs in Thursday Friday recarb up again and and. And you know. Thursing Friday and Saturday is the show so. You just basically repeat the same exact thing. But the toughest thing to do is I usually used to do when I would do back the next shows. You have to go to the gym the next day and do legs that this broo legs that the day after a bodybuilding show in stage where you're flexing and everything sore and you're still a little dehydrated. You don't go crazy obviously but yeah you gotta train those legs if you're going to compete the next week because you like work out you haven't done a well work out for over a week now so. I usually go in the next day I'll do legs on Sunday do little cardio and then Monday Tuesday Wednesday do the other three workouts I have for the week and Thursday Friday I rest again and back on stage on Saturday. It's pretty simple. Couple of more questions one from Jay Hubbard your go to recommended supplements for heart health. You know the best stuff that's probably take for your heart number one is you want to take your central fatty acids which are going to help cholesterol you know profiles lower LDLs. That's your own mega lives you know three pills twice a day that's simple. Five or supplement lower LDL cholesterol okay fiber lies twice a day we've talked about that before. To make your heart pump more efficiently. CoQ 10 you'd beckon all form of it is really good 100 to 200 milligrams a day that's going to help cart function okay. And obviously along with the fatty acids that's going to be something that's going to be very a cardio protective if you have coronary artery disease type of stuff really bad or you may even have blockages now you can take a product called omega via omega v is the company that makes it it's pure EPA oil. And the EPA oil has been shown at dosages of 2,000 milligrams per day to actually reduce plaque formation in the arteries of the coronary vessels in the heart. If there's a lot of good research on that Amazon dot com sells omega via pure EPA oil. And like I said it comes in capsules you're going to have to take a 2,000 milligrams a day that's the dosage of that if you want to get a nice a nice effect from that so. There are things you can do to improve you know heart health likewise also a lot of everyone takes vitamin D 3 nowadays because we know we're all D 3 deficient. If you're taking 5,000 7,000 units a day you might want you probably want to take some vitamin K 2 with it. K 2 will keep the calcium away from the blood vessels especially the coronary arteries because a lot of times when you're absorbing more calcium because you're taking the vitamin D because vitamin D increases calcium absorption which is good. You just don't want all the calcium going into your blood vessels and making them you know fibrodic and and creating blockages. K 2 seems to direct the the calcium away from the vessels and into the bones where they should be going. But life extension makes a brand of which is what I use a 5,000 units of vitamin D 3 and the K 2 with the two iso forms of K in in there. So it's one pill you take and it's a it's a small teeny pill makes a lot easier to swallow it actually a gel cap believe or not so you guys can try that and that and that's really good for your heart as well. I was going to do for this episode of as Dave reminder right now on our ismuscle.com and of course the our ismuscle youtube channel. Dave's sit down interview with hunter lebrata who took the first place of course this past weekend at the 2020 Tampa Crow. We have a load of content right now on our ismuscle.com and the youtube channel if you haven't already done so subscribe below hit the notification bell. If you have any of our upcoming shows segment or preview content for Dave plumbo I'm city for you will see next time.