This is Dave Palombo with another RX Muscle rant brought to you by RedConOne. Today's topic testosterone. That seems to be the hottest topic of the day in the body building and in general. Everyone seems to want testosterone. Hey, I got to take testosterone. I need TRT. I need HRT. There's a million different names for it. Everyone's needs to replace that testosterone. They want to take testosterone to get big and huge. They want to take testosterone to feel better and sleep better at night and have better sex. And all of a sudden that's the rage. You know, 10, 15, 20 years ago it was like very hot shot under the cover that everyone's so much as a starter. The problem is no one really knows anything about testosterone. And I was just as ignorant when I first started to be honest with you. This was back in the early 90s. I remember reading the on the ball reference guy and I was studying testosterone trying to figure out which was the right type to take. Because let's face it. There's many different forms. I'm not talking about different brands. I'm assuming right off the bat, let's talk about real testosterone. Let's talk about testosterone. Test out to them comes from a pharmacy. So assuming your testosterone is real, what? Version or what? Astor. And what we really mean is how fast are the releases of these testosterone that you're taking? They're slow release testosterone. And that, in fact, there's such slow release testosterone out of it. They actually will give shots of something called nebito, which is testosterone on the canoate, which is actually will last weeks and weeks and weeks inside your system. And slowly, slowly release. Doctors are using this for hormone replacement now. But for body-gilling purposes, that's really not something that we're too interested in using. Then they're super, really fast acting, where they actually take testosterone powder, pure powder, and just put it in water. Steril water, I assume. And they make something called testosterone suspension. They probably see these. They build these bottles. Usually they're bigger bottles. They're kind of like milky looking. You kind of shake them up and it goes into what's called suspension. The powder suspens and the water. And you've dried up and you inject it. And you guys, that was pretty big back in the 80s and 90s guys like testosterone suspension. It hurt really bad because these particles that you're injecting kind of just irritate the tissues wherever you inject them. And it works really fast, but it also, it stops working really fast. So you take a shot. Guys were taking every other day and wasn't even enough because we were only less maybe eight hours in the system. And that's not really what we want, but it hit you really quickly. But guys got really water-retentant from this. They're testin' a shrunk really quickly. Why do you have the stuff got into your system so fast? The problem is a lot of guys broke, I used to break out terribly from that using it because your testosterone is up here at one minute. It's down here in the next minute. It's up here. It's down here. So a lot of people found that if they were going to use suspension, they really needed to take it with another longer acting compound to kind of level off the effect of the testosterone suspension. So after all was said, in practicality speaking, test suspension was just not something that people use on a regular basis. Probably more so because it hurts than the fact that it's too fast, I think. But once again, people don't want to have to take shots really twice a day or once a day. It's just, and they don't want to weld up everywhere they put the shots. Especially if you're going to get on stage, right? Within days after taking these shots or maybe the next day, if you have a big wealth on your muscles, it's not going to really look good on stage. So really what it amounts to is most people who take testosterone take the esters. There's different types. There's testosterone propinate, which is one of the fastest acting esters, meaning that the testosterone releases really quickly. Then you have your slowest acting esters known as testosterone probably an antheid. Now we said the undecanoway is slow as but for people who inject on a regular basis and use it for bodybuilding purposes, an the antheid is usually the slowest ester that we use. Now back in the day, they told us only use the fast acting esters before a show because less of it converts to testosterone to estrogen. In other words, less of it can eromeothize. All testosterone can turn into other compounds. And the compounds that can turn into one being estrogen, which is known as the aromatization of process because the aromatase enzyme converts the testosterone to estrogen. And the other thing testosterone can convert into is DHT or dihydrotestosterone. And that's a five alpha reductase enzyme to convert those into DHT. DHT can cause obviously hair loss, acne, it can cause a prostate irritation and enlargement. Estrogenogen, because kind of comastia, which is male breast, you know, development, can cause fluid retention, a lot of water retention from steroids, especially from testosterone comes mostly from the estrogen that it produces. So, you know, everyone was trying to strategize on what the best testosterone is where people always say, well, the long acting ones were good for off season because you grow better and the short acting ones are better pre-contest. Unfortunately, the testosterone propaneid ester really hurts. And for most people, a lot of people, they're allergic to it. I couldn't even take it. It would be like I'd be debilitated from using this stuff. Wherever I put it, it would be like someone slamming with a jackhammer in that area. So, the question still remains, is one better than the other. And the truth of the matter is that most people today have realized, and I think I'm probably one of the people who really educated people out to this was that the best pattern of use of these esters is to take it every other day. Whether you're using a short acting or a long acting, because the long acting has peaks and valleys too. So, if you took, let's say you were using Test and Anthe, which is the slowest acting, and you took it once a week, and you took a thousand milligrams once a week. You'd probably have a really nice peak for a few days, but then by the time the week is over, you're starting to come down already, even though it lasts a long time, it produces its best result in the first three to, you know, I say two to five days. So, if you take it every other day, you kind of have an even high peak, as opposed to getting super highs and super lows and super highs and super lows. Now, if you're taking off the Test Provin8, it needs to be consumed, taking every other day to every day, because that only lasts a couple days in the system, 48 hours, maybe. So, when all was said, no, I started to realize, you know what? All Test Ostrone is the same, it's the same hormone, right? If Test Ostrone's sipping aid is in your system or an antheid for a long period of time, and it aromatizes more theoretically, because it's in your system all the time, then, you know, obviously, that's one issue. But then again, if you take, if Test Provin8 is only in your system, sure, a pretty time, but you're always taking it, you're still going to aromatize it. So, there's really no escape from the side effects of Test Ostrone other than to take aromatase inhibitors and DHC blockers, okay? Whether you take Finaster Eye, which is an extreme DHC blocker, or you take the product of my Test Ostrone, or you test the Lies, okay, from species nutrition, which is like a Test Ostrone is like a DHC blunter, kind of blunts DHC production. It doesn't get rid of it totally, because that's face it. We don't want to get rid of all the estrogen, and we don't want to get rid of all the DHT, because then our angiogen receptors don't work right. We can lose sex drive, we can lose angiogen receptivity, sometimes you don't store glycogen as well. So, their side effects, so what I found after this big long story that I give you on the history of Test Ostrone, was that the long acting esters like Sipy Nade and Nante, which have no pain upon injection, and have the best, I guess you could say distribution pattern, they last the longest, tend to be the best drugs to build muscle, okay? It's just the case, but you need to take them on and every other day. It basically gets this nice, you know, even distribution line, I guess you could say, of release of this hormone. So you're going to get, and I take the first week or two to get a nice build up, but once you're up here and you're taking it every day, your value is going to stay like this. Whereas if you're taking short acting esters, they peak really quickly, so yeah, it'll hit you in a couple days, but then they drop real quick, and then they go up real quick, and then they go drop down real quick. So I like the long acting esters, I'm a little more patient, I don't mind waiting two to and a half weeks for the stuff that really kick in. Once it does, you have a nice high baseline testosterone, and that's how your body responds best. Your body likes regularity when it comes to these steroids. It doesn't want to have these peaks and valleys, it doesn't respond well. It makes you break out, it makes you moody and grouching, okay? We don't want more model fluctuation levels in the body. We want a steady state of a certain high peak level of testosterone, and that's what an antate and sipping nature. Now there is another compound known as Sostenon, also on the drain it's called, there's a million different brand names for these things in different countries, but what they see is it to blend the four testosterone, short acting, medium acting, another medium acting, and then a long acting one. The theoretically saying, well if you take this, it's going to sustain Sostenon, sustain the testosterone levels over, you know, a two week period, and it was basically made initially for hormonal placement. Once again, you gotta take it every other day. It's one of these things that you gotta take it every other day to get a real steady distribution, even though theoretically on paper, it should have a better distribution, but it doesn't. And that's the bottom line. So you can take your Sostenon every other day, you can take your test, propinate every other day, you can take Scipi-Date and antate every other day, and you're going to get pretty much the same results. So find out what works well for you, what you respond to. And I think most people will find that the Scipi-Date and antate a tandem seems to be good, maybe, you know, use one of the other. I like the antate asserts, the longest acting, I get the least side effects. I always base my side effects, based on acting. When I would take steroids, if I actually broke out a lot, then I knew my levels were not being, they were not being held steady. They would be variable, or I should say they weren't being, I guess you could say, skewed over the theory that I'm taking. I'm so little about getting this Scipi-Date because one day I would have clear skin, then actually I would be breaking out, one day I'd be a little moody, one day I felt good. And it was only right after the shot that I felt good. So I said, you know, I think I got it. I said it doing this twice a week, I got to do this every other day. And when I did that, a lot of my problems were solved. So test-ostron guys is testosterone. Find the extra that you like that works well for you. I promise you the long acting ones, if you just have patients for two weeks when you first start taking them, let them get into your system. We'll ultimately be the best bank for your buck, and you're going to get the best amount of muscle for your buck as well. So test check it out, test Scipi-Date and Anthei. I would say away from suspension, I tend to hate propping A2 because most people are allergic to it if you're not, and you're not sensitive to it, that's great. But I'm telling you, Scipi-Date and Anthei are way to go. I'm going to be a part of the heart, and you get a nice ease of distribution, and guess what? They build muscle. I'm Dave Olenvo with another red cond one, our X muscle ran.