All right, tell a vision on rxmuscle.com. This is ass-day evabedernone as hashtag. Askday brought to you by species nutrition visit speciesnutrition.com. I'm your host of the Barookey Fisk. Is your 30 minute question and answer show with Dave Lumball? All your questions on diet, training, supplementation, IVV, pros, competitions, life, and all of this. As Dave will have a rant on later tonight on rxmuscle.com, blood work. That rant available right now at rxmuscle.com and the rxmuscle YouTube channel. We're now bringing Dave, Pallumbo, Dave, a special sale right now at speciesnutrition.com. Caramel, Machiaro, Isleys, 22 servings on sale now. All right, guys. I know you guys, I get people now who text me an email me, I'm asking me what's going to be the sale of the month. And sometimes we have some of them, so you don't. We have some product that's going to be expiring at the end of the next month. So we're going to really discount the hell out of it. Once again, it's a limited amount. I think we blew through, I think we said a record. Last month when we did that sale on cookies and cream, I think we sold that was it's cooking to cream, I think we sold out in like five hours or something like that. So if you want it, 22 servings, 1999, that is more than 50% off the normal. Well, price, once again, a terrific flavor. Last time we previewed, actually, well, that's how we did a sale on Caramel Machiaro. We increased sales like tremendous things. I think a lot of people hadn't tried it and it really is how good it was. So here's your chance if you haven't tried it, I realized yet. And maybe you didn't do it because you didn't want to spend the money. Here's a chance to get a tremendous discounted price. If I were you guys, I would buy case amounts of them because this stuff will last forever pretty much. I don't know about after the expiration date, but we can't legally sell it after that. So guys, here's your opportunity to get rock bottom pricing on Icedalize. I promise you, you'll love this and don't come crying to me when you find out later tonight, it's sold out. So head over to speciesindustrial.com and get it now. Again at speciesnutrition.com, let's get you your questions. The first two questions from the day plumbo experience at the first one. Save them on TRT.200 a week test at point 2mg or in the next two times a week. 30mg dha per day. My hematicrit is very high. 56 is a too high for me to donate. What do you suggest I do? Here's the thing with donate blood donation. A lot of times these blood banks won't take your blood if you're hematicrit's too high because they think there's something wrong with you. They don't realize that you're just taking out a blockstep. And you're just producing a lot of red blood cells, which is actually good because they're actually getting more blood for their blood bank for their blood bank for the bodybuilders. Some blood banks are a little more strict than others. I never had problems donating blood when I did donate it. But my hematicrit was never through the roof. The problem is that if your hematicrit is super high and they won't take you, I don't know yet they go get bloodlet, which is a pain in the ass and they charge it for the disposal of the blood. I don't know what the real solution is. I think just keep trying blood banks because they're all not consistent. A lot of times they just take your blood. Once again, the key is when you go to these blood banks, don't tell them like, if you had surgery like a month ago, don't tell them that they won't take your blood. There's a million different rules. Obviously, if you have a disease, you've got to disclose that. But once again, if you just have high hematicrit or red blood cell count because you're on anabolic or even HRT, just go in there and tell them you're perfectly helping you get blood. Once again, I don't even like giving blood unless it's really, really high and it's negatively affecting you. Sometimes I think once again, if you give too much blood, what can happen is your body overproduces blood. But once again, everyone's individualistic. If you have high blood pressure or you're not feeling so good, maybe get headaches, maybe a blood you might have, your blood might be too thick. In that case, it's probably a good idea to go give a pint of blood. I think their lower is, or the rule is you can only give blood every 58 days. That's at least when I was going to the blood bank there with that. I was convinced I had iron overload disease, so I was starting blood every 58 days. I don't think I really had it. But whatever the case may be, it did lower my iron amount than my blood. So once again, if you want to do it, there's no imperative however. Second question from the Dave Lomo experience at Dave I'm following your clinical diet, a cyclical diet rather, if I trained first in the morning, do I just have the ice-lines with peanut butter, pre-training, and then the ice-alize and 20 grams carbolized post on card days or is there a better option since I trained about an hour after I wake up? When you train in the morning, you need to get some nutrition in. Otherwise, in very little what you're going to do is you're going to burn some muscle. Your body's going to take breakdown some muscle tissue. It's going to turn those amino acids into glucose and use that as a fuel source. So you never want to wait trained on an empty stomach. Unless you're looking to lose some muscle, which is what I've been doing for less than a few years. But the truth is, if you eat a meal and then you go right to the gym, that meal is just going to be laying in your stomach. You're not getting anything from that. So I like to do shakes in the morning prior to wait training because that will get in fast. That's a, for instance, you're doing like isolize and carbolize. Maybe what a tablespoon of macadamia, not a oil in there. That's going to be absorbed relatively quickly because there's really no digestion necessary. It's all in digestive form already. So by the time you get to the gym and you're training a half hour after you have the shake, it's kind of in your bloodstream already. You can use that for fuel and you can use the amino acids, obviously, for repairing and dealing with the muscle tissue. And you shouldn't really have to worry about cannibalizing your muscle. Once again, if you have your five hole eggs and a bowl oatmeal and you go to the gym in 15, 20 minutes later, you're working out. More than likely, that meal is just laying in your stomach and you're probably having absorbed already much of it. You might have gotten some in there, but it's not serving a purpose. So shakes before you wait training, especially when you're doing it early in the morning, is usually a better way to go. We got this question last months ago, but again, when we have new audiences, we like to, I guess, we're in back these kind of questions from Bill Doom Miller, how do all the competitors travel to shows, gas appearances, exposures, etc. With your gear and everything else, and how do they get it through security? I can only give you my personal experience, and when I travel, it wasn't as crazy as it is now, but whatever you check into your check luggage that goes under the plane, they're really not looking for drugs in that. They're looking for, you know, bombs, you know, explosive devices. That's what they're scanning for, you know. So they don't really care what else you got in there. Now, if you're doing a carry on onto the plane, you're going to go through that little detector and they're going to actually stop and they're going to see everything in there. So they could ask questions. They may not care, but they could ask questions. So my suggestion is if you're traveling within the continent of the United States, in other words, not out of the countries. When you go out of the country, you get to go through customs and other countries. You don't want to bring gear with you. When you're traveling within the continent of the United States, just check the bag that's where you put your gear. You know, just put it, you know, put it inside a sock or whatever. Once again, they're not looking for that kind of stuff. I've had bag search because they put the bag, they always put a note in there when they search your bag. And I've had a lot of the steroids in the bag, you know, that I've taken with me for different appearances and then I'm like, oh, this bag got such nothing was touched. They didn't care. Because they're not looking for that. That's not what they're looking for. Once again, if you're going overseas or you're going to Canada, you're going to Mexico, and Mexico probably doesn't carry the, but if you're going to other countries, you know, they could look through your bags and they will, you know, especially Australia. I've never been searched more thoroughly than when I went to Australia. And I was worried about that. And it's funny for the funny thing is when they were searching me when I, in customs, I was definitely two hours. I went with Aaron, singerman, and PJ Braun. So Australia, and the both of them brought their hormone replacement that they were on with the prescription that they had, figuring it would be fine. Why they needed to bring it with them for, we were there for a week. I don't know. But they got to take it away from them. And they're like complaining. And meanwhile, the, the, the customs people, like, look, you're lucky. We're letting you guys go. This prescription doesn't mean anything here. And Australia, the prescription needs to be on the actual bottle itself. They don't really have prescription pads and something that's not how they work with it. So, but they went through my stuff. They went, it was like, they went through my stuff. They would ask me to be questions these guys about steroids. And I'm like, I don't have anything in here. I don't, I don't know if, you know, I don't know what you want me to tell you. They're like, well, you know, we read your column whenever and you thought you'd be. So, you know, while they were looking for something to arrest me, they were asking me questions about the stuff they were asking me to rescue about. But, you know, it's a pain in the ass because sometimes you forget. Wait, do I have something I have in my bag? I shouldn't have. So, whenever you go into an Ashley, you never know what can happen. Don't forget with you domestically, put it in the check luggage. Nate's lift, Dave, I'm a police officer. My activity level is low when I'm on duty. I work graveyard 12 hour shifts a night. I'm currently 250 pounds. I work out five days a week. I'm down at consuming 1500 calories a day. Currently on keto diet. And still can't wait. I mean, decent shape could there be something else going on? A call is going to hold on to wait or should I just keep dropping calories a month ago? I was consuming 2500 calories a day, but it was way more active before I went night shift. I started lowering calories, stay in shape. I feel like I'm starving myself. Any advice will be appreciated. Well, you probably are starting. So, that's pretty low to go for a man. You might be putting your body into like a metabolic shutdown type mode. So, you probably want to boost your calories back up a little bit. Just because you're not moving around as much doesn't mean you're body doesn't have an increased caloric requirement. The fact that you're working overnight, however, would imply to me that you're probably sleeping really erratically. And when you sleep erratically, your body doesn't function that well. Your body likes regularity. If you're not getting enough sleep, but you're not going to get the maximum performance out of your body. Having said that, you know, also you've got to be careful of what you're putting on your food. I did a video last week about, you know, the hidden, you know, dangers of right? I don't really know what we call it. The hidden secrets and food or whatever. The mistakes people make in other words, all the different condiments they use that have all hidden calories and sugars and carbs and facts in there. And it's funny because I put this video on it. I was very popular. I got a lot of hits. And today I got a question from a new client of mine and the life guy, I think it's fiancee was at it, or his wife was asking me, hey, is it our right if he eats? If he continues to have ketchup on his meals, I'm like ketchup. I'm like the worst thing you're putting on. Not only does it have carbs from the action tomatoes, but it actually has added sugar. So a lot of people, the usual thing people ask me is, hey, can I use sugar free ketchup, which is sugar free, but it still has carbs from the ketchup from the tomatoes that are in there. So that's still not good. So you've got to watch out for hidden calories. So you might be eating a low calorie, but you actually might not be as low as you. You think you are, because you might be adding sauces and stuff to your food, that you think is okay, but it might not be all right. So you've got to really look into that. I would boost the calories up a little bit and try to get more sleep if you can. Cobra Mustang does marijuana lower testosterone levels. I've heard doctors claim it, but does from my experience, I never had any issues. Dr. Drew is claiming you can get guy know from smoking, which I find hard to believe. I think alcohol would have a much greater testosterone, lowing effect. Look, they say that, and I don't know what the actual science is. So I'm putting it on the record. It's just I've heard and anecdotally I've seen when I was in college. A lot of guys who were big, big pot smokers had gynecromascia, and these guys didn't work out. They didn't take steroids. That's for sure. So with at least they think, as they think, if the marijuana can cause more aromatization of the testosterone. In other words, it will convert more of your testosterone into estrogen. Is that true? I don't know. So when I don't know something, I tell you that, but anecdotally I've seen it. I've seen people with bad guy know who were big pot smokers. So it could be that it does aromatize drugs more. We do know one thing. It certainly softens up to the extent. Guys who have big pot heads, they have trouble getting really dry and hard. And as soon as they stop the marijuana or get off of it, they were a couple of probiotics those that out there that you guys might know who did that, they do seem to have a completely different look to their body. So taking forward it is. If I was, you know, when I was bodybuilding at my peak and I was worried about every little thing I put my, I certainly wouldn't, I certainly wouldn't drink alcohol and I certainly wouldn't smoke pot. Let's go to TJ the jet. I drink a whole gallon of milk every day. Have a hard time eating as much food as I'm supposed to because of my job as, and my stomach problems that I have, what else would I, what else would I, if I can handle the lactose, is it a good source of calories and protein? Okay, with the fat, my hard gainers, so I don't put on extra fat, believe they're not. I didn't really get what you were saying, but he didn't mention something about he has stomach problems. Yeah. Terrors and of is a soft biggest two years ago, have them been able to eat like he used to. Oh, yes, Terrors is a, I mean, most people can't, even if you can drink milk, most people can't drink a gallon of the day. That's a lot of lactose to have to break down. And invariably, you're probably not and you're probably, you're gut bacteria, you're probably fermenting it. And when that happens, there's a lot of malabsorption of the protein. So you might not be getting it extracting as much protein as you think from all that milk. My suggestion would be to cut the milk consumption back quite a bit. You know, move to more of a way of isolate. Use that in place of it of the milk. I don't know how you drink it, but it'll give you just gulping it down. But if that's what you're doing, just gulped down way of isolate. You know, I used to make isolate shakes. Literally, I put like three scoops, you know, and they're almost 75 grams or more than 75 grams of protein, I would just gulped it down. Because it went down so easy. So I understand it's hard to eat sometimes. You want to get that protein down. But do it with a good quality way of isolate. Milk is not a really good source or it's not really a good extractable source of protein. I'm going to ask two questions that fairly related one from prime time. Why does it take a long time to feel a pump in my legs versus any other body part I train? The other question from CT nutrition, any advice on getting rid of the lower back pump when doing legs? You know, pump doesn't mean that you're getting building any muscle or doing anything. It just means you're pumping a lot of blood into the muscle. So, I mean, if you got under a squat bar with lightweight and did a hundred reps, you'd feel a pump in your legs, it believed me. But if you squat, you know, 405, 500 pounds for four clean reps, you're probably not going to get much of a pump in your legs, but they will feel fatigue. And that fatigue is what's building muscle. That's the breakdown of the fibers. It's a good dull, numbness you get. That's important. That's a growth stimulus feel to your body. Just getting pumped out of your mind doesn't mean anything. You're just pumping blood into the muscle. Pumping blood into the muscle is not the same as damaging the muscle fibers. I don't think it's the blood we've done. Mass on the damage. Damaging the muscle fibers, you know, so that they can grow back bigger. Let's go to you can talk something, something something. You did a video recently, Dave, on overcoming depression and suicide. He wants to know how to overcome depression when life seems to always be kicking your ass. Look, in the videos out there, but if you want to maybe give a little primer as we can refer him and others to view that video was about a couple of weeks ago, it's available on our SNLS about the YouTube channel. John Romano and I did a little iron rage about suicide and how it's become more and more prevalent and why do people do it? Some of the solutions to get around doing that and the way to change your thinking and then we did a little fun Steve Blackman make fun of at the end just to kind of add a little lightness to it. But depression is a real problem in our society nowadays. There's a lot of people walking around that are chronically depressed and I could tell you all day a lot, look at the positive, change the way you think, change the way you look at things, things you look at change. I give you every little saying, I give you personal experience, how when I'm down and I've changed the way I've done things and looked at things and I've gotten myself involved with other projects that I find that I'm passionate about. I can tell you that all day long and it's not going to change probably the fact that you don't feel good or that you're feeling depressed and I understand that and so it's hard but I promise you that if you can find something that you love to do and you can immerse yourself in and it doesn't have to be body-mode, it can be something else. I collect snakes, I'm like crazy nuts about that now so all you was thinking about it, I'm preoccupied all day because I'm not graded yet, I'm getting very good at it but I'm not going to say to me that's a challenge to step up my game. So that's something that I enjoy doing away from body-mode. So body-mode is my number one thing I love to report on and give information and educate people about but sometimes it gets overwhelming and you just need to break from it and that I go there and I clean my clean snakes' gloves or I go play it my kids. My new passion, my children, my family, is also there but sometimes you need to break from that too. My son can drive me nuts, you know and I gotta have something that can get me away or you get depressed. Some people have nothing, they don't have a family, they can't get it, hold a relationship down, they lost their job, they hurt, they tore their quiet, nothing's going right for them in their life. That's when you have to take inventory of what's going on in your life and say, you say, okay stop. What is good in my life? There's gotta be something good, there's always something good, it could be the stupidest thing, your plants in a tomato plant, your backyard and you got a great yield from it. Or you found a hundred-all bill on the ground or something, find something that actually gives you a smile on your face. No, I watch an RX mostly YouTube video, I laugh and ask them, okay that's good, I'm laughing, that means this humor in my life. Embrace what is good about what's going on, not don't preoccupy and obsess about what's not good and what you feel bad about. Because when you do that, you get more bad. It sounds hard because you know how can I obsess on a tomato plant producing a tomato? When you do that and you make yourself feel good and you find out that, hey, this is something I did well and I enjoy it. Now all of a sudden you're inviting more joy, more good, more prosperity into your life. It's not an instantaneous thing, so you have to practice looking for the good stuff that's going on in your life every day. In one day all of a sudden a lot of good stuff will come to you. But if you're always worried about what's not right in your life and what you don't have, you're going to get more of that, okay? And that's not what you want and that's why people fall through these funks and it mushrooms on top of itself and then before you know it, you feel like blowing your brains out with a gun and that's not an acceptable solution, okay? That's not, firstly, you're not getting out of anything, okay? You're going to have to come back and redo it again. So you might as well get it right the first time, okay? You've got a lot, there's always a new opportunity around the corner and the next day when you wake up there's always a new day and you get to start over again, okay? People sometimes think that they don't have that option, it's not available to them but I promise you it is. And once again, it's one of these things you have to have faith and believe and you cannot just say, well, day, where's the evidence? There is none. Except experience. And the people who have succeeded have experienced it, people who don't, you know, haven't succeeded. You have to have faith that this will work when I'm telling you, try it, I promise you you'll make things. Amen, brother. Peter, I'll all back, is back in me on that one. That was very, very deep insightful response to that. I don't know sure a lot of people will benefit from it. Rob, team, Fisher, David, your opinion, I'd rather than what's your opinion about trip to RELIN in PCT. Trip to RELIN is an interesting drug because it does two different things and it does two completely opposite things. If you take one shot of it, it actually stimulates your hypothermists and pituitary lip to start producing testosterone stimulating peptides, okay? Signals, LHFSH, it kind of turns your system back on. If you continue to take it however, which is when a lot of people do, it completely does the opposite. It shuts you down and blocks angiogen production in the body. So I don't really like the drug, okay? Because most people don't know how to use it. It's a one shot deal. That's all you can use it. Once again, trip to RELIN is usually used for angiogen inhibition, especially during people who have prostate cancer that's dependent upon angiogen production. So it basically cashtrates a man. It makes you produce no angiogen. So it's not something you're going to use continuously. I personally think that HCG, Kloomid, some of the antiaschogens out there, products, even like my test of life products, are things that are going to be infinitely easier to use and more effective and predictably always doing the right thing. Tripped around, little tricky. I wouldn't mess with it. Mike, you diesel, fake. Can you please clear up these broad science facts about white rice, jazz-minnerbuss-manteed, and then you're going to be able to find out the same thing as cream of rice purely. No added nutritional value when you do this right. I mean, rice is rice. What's face? What is it? It's a fuel source. It's carbohydrates. That's all it is. It's going to give your body fuel. It's like gasoline in your car. The gasoline in your car, and then how much you add to your car, is not going to make the engine bigger. It's not going to make the horsepower more. It's not going to make the car perform better. It's just fuel. Now, there are different types of fuel that you can put into your race car body if you want to call it. You can put like rice, and pasta, and you can use a cane, and oil. There's different carbs that have different release times and how quickly they're absorbed. I guess that would be analogous to the different types of gasoline, whether it's the 92, 94, 87, 89, you know, octane. There's different octanes out there. To me, pretty much all white rice type things, white rice jasmine, fast glycemic carb rice does the same thing, essentially. The brown rice, because it has the husk on it, and the fiber component, slows the absorption of it down quite a bit, and lowers its glycemic index, which means it gets absorbed slower, which means you produce less insulin over the long run. So, off season, why is I like my guys using the brown rice, is things that have lower glycemic indexes, you know, pre-census when I'm trying to car people up, I like the high glycemic carbs because they get into the muscle faster. Stolen, duck, they, what will be your advice to Aaron Clark, recently competed in both open and to 12 classes, finished after last place? I don't know what's going on in Aaron's life, so it's hard for me to give the right advice. He's got a good physique. The question is, should he go back down to 12 and compete, which I think he did suck down for one of the shows, or should he stay in the open and just continue to grow and make improvements? That's up to Aaron, Aaron has to decide where he feels that he fits. I think at this point, once you start gaining enough muscle and go up and wait to try to open it, go into that open because it's hard to go back again. But once again, if he diets down to his best and he's in his best shape and he's close to 12, it, it, it, it, it, it belongs to the probably dropped down and be the biggest guy in the 2012, is supposed to be the smallest guy in the open. I, once again, I don't know where his heads at, I don't know what kind of diet he's following, but he obviously was, we've seen him before at his best. This was not his best. Ronnie Walker, I hate this show, so in a support, your take on the importance of maintaining a pH balance or slightly alkaline body when I began making a series effort to do so, I felt much better and really got sick. Yeah, well, you know, an alkaline environment is what our body, you know, craves. When you're in an alkaline state, you know, your body is working, you know, optimally, you're processing foods and you're building muscle and you're burning fat, optimally, your body is, your immune system is working perfectly, like a wild, well-oiled machine. However, as acidic waste builds up in the body from ingesting tons of protein, stressing your body out, just living life in general, being stressed in general, will raise the acids in the body. Your body's ability to buffer these acids and create an alkaline environment becomes compromised. When that happens, now your body's first priority is no longer to build muscle burn fat. First priority is to fix the pH of the body, okay? Because the immune system will not function well in an acidic state, and that's where the danger occurs. If you test anyone's saliva pH, okay, when they have cancer or anything like that, you're going to find that they're very acidic. And that's because cancer is really a disease of immune system suppression. The immune system can function to eat cancer cells up like they normally do. Cancer cells grow on a baby, and now you have full lung, you know, the test-assizing cancer. So once again, you want to keep your body in an alkaline state and I've done videos on how to do that. You know, obviously a couple of the best things to do is a very high quality, key-laden calcium supplement, something like you would find in the mineralized works really well. You want to give your body outland water during the day. I've sell a product called Santa V. And water filter, it's like a burner filter. You pour your water in there for the tap and it filters the water and alkalineize. Drink three to five less than that of that of day in between meals or while you're training. You'll feel better because it helps flush toxins out. You're body uses the alkalinity in these products to neutralize the acidity that's in your body. And these are things that you just, you don't really realize are in there, but they definitely, it's helpful to helping your body to work at its optimal best. I wish when I was competing, I knew about acidity and alkalinity. And all that, I guarantee I would have been about about a better bodybuilder. As state brought to you by species nutrition, again, right now, speciesnutrition.com. Maramel Machiato isolized 22 serving is only 1999, while supplies last time for a couple of more questions. David Irons, when using a diuretic pre-contest, why do most bodybuilders opt for ATC-TZ, instead of a potassium-souring-dionate diuretic? I just didn't even potassium-sparing diuretic. Yeah, I know it's very missed all this sparing. You know, the diaside, which is a combination of hydrochlorophyside with the triumtheroine, is potassium-sparing. So it has the hydrochlorophyside action of a flushing sodium potassium out, but then the triumtheroine component actually makes your retain potassium. So the combined combination of the two is you just lose sodium and water. You don't lose potassium. And that's what I like to use. And I've talked about this repetitively already, but that's the best diuretic. The other ones out there have floors, lay six, Demid X, which are two common ones, flush a lot of sodium and water out, but they also flush potassium out. So if you cramp, you don't really know if you're potassium-sodium deficient, that's a problem. Aldactone inhibits the absorption of sodium via a hormone known as aldosterone. The problem with that is if you block aldosterone's action and you cramp and you want to reabsorbs and you want to eat some salt to help balance your lexylides, you can't absorb the sodium because you've stifled or you've de-sensitized or neutralized, your aldactone, excuse me, your aldosterone production. So that doesn't work well. And if you just take the hydrochlorothized component of the dieside, what you can do is you're going to lose both the potassium and sodium, just like you do with leicics. And so that's also not acceptable. So the dieside drug also known as moderetic in Europe is, and there's, I think, di-tide is another name of it. These di-tide work rate because that you know, the only thing you're losing is sodium. Time for a one final question, a bit of a left turn here from the top roller. Why do you think NASA died so early? Did he ignore blood pressure or was he particularly known for abuse? I believe that a doryniate did poison me because he was worried that I was coming for his title. And I think I was poisoned at the 97 Olympia where I should have brought home the first place. Trophy, many people in the tens, you, you, you, you, Dave, a jumbo, polomba, you, you told me that yourself, that yes, yes, that I should have won. But I think that I think the doryniate has poisoned me. Yes. NASA, you know, why would dory import poison you? He won the show. Yes, that, that, that, that's very involved. I, I cannot go into it right now, but I believe that to be true. Now, you know what, this is the deal. I'm going to, we're going to be doing a rant today on, with Lee Priest and John Ramano about the death of four and four pound body bottles because another guy just died a wrestler out there who just, well, I don't know if the time has got the little video. What? Oh, you know, an invader which is died, but big band-bader. And those, these guys are too big, you know, they're too big. They don't control their blood pressure and the blood pressure destroys their kidneys. They get heart disease from it. They get all kinds of different side effects going on. Their blood sugars get out of control. And it's like, you know, while you're young, you can handle it. And then you get to 50 years old and all of a sudden, everything falls apart. And it's, it's sad because, you know, NASA was a smart guy and I'm sure he could have avoided that. But I think what happens is we become obsessed with this, you know, thing called body building, being the biggest, strongest guys out there, always being heavy, always being huge, always eating too much food, never worrying about, you know, blood work and blood pressure. Because, you know what, these things that we don't want to know about it. Because if you don't know about it, then we can't hurt you, right? Well, it could hurt you later in life. And unfortunately, the list goes on from the Trevor Smiths, the Greg Colvax, the the NASA's, to the big band, the Vader, who just died, to many, many of the, the power of the Zothia, Ode Wilson. The list goes on. 400 pound people don't live a very long time. John Romano said it before. We've talked about this on Iron Age before. It just doesn't happen. And unfortunately, I believe that NASA became a victim of the same issue, you know, being over 300 pounds for a very long period of time, not necessarily addressing some of his health issues that he had going on. And he just didn't value his life as much as, as maybe some other people out there. I wanted, you know, I wanted to be the biggest guy out there, but I also want to live a long time, which which could be conflicting, conflicting desires, so to speak. So at some point I had to say, okay, I did one. Let's not push the envelope. Now I want to accomplish the second thing which is a little long time. So I had to switch gears and change the way I look how I ate and what I did. And, you know, luckily, you know, for me, I escaped, you know, from the clutches of possibly, you know, having an early death, you know, and I'm grateful to that. But, you know, a lot of people, that's why I educate people as to how to, you know, maintain your health and what health markets to be checking on a regular basis. Because bodybuilding can be done in a smart, intelligent, healthy way. It can be done in an unintelligent, ignorant, you know, death-defying way also if you're not smart. So once again, makes smart decisions, understand that this body, has got to last your entire life. And if you put too much straps on it, it will say FU and you will be dead at an early age, I hate to say. That is going to do for this episode of As Dave again brought to you by species nutrition. Once again, right now, speciesutrition.com, Caramel Machiazo isalyzed 22 servings available for 1999. For Dave Plumbo and Tyler, sure I'm Siddhi Furuki, we will see you next week.