Dave Palombo here, where the NRAX muscle ran. Ian Valier on his Instagram did a little post about why he's doing the Texas Pro this coming weekend. Especially on the light of the fact that he won't tamper pro, he qualified to the Olympia. A lot of people are being critical of him that he's taking away placings from people that maybe he, you know, why he's doing the show if he doesn't win, he'll lose momentum. And he basically, you know, laid it out pretty clearly. Hey, look guys, I'm doing the show number one because this is what I do for a living. I compete. I chose body building as my profession. This is what I do. I'm in shape. I'm going to do the show. I'm not worried about pretty much, you know, losing to anyone. I'm going there confident that, hey, I just want to show. I'm going to win this show too. I'm going to get number one more stage experience. I'm going to, you know, learn a couple more tricks about my body and how it responds to different, you know, car bumps and depletions, smart movie and brilliant move. The matter of fact, he's in the driver seat right here. He's the guy who who's who just, you know, came home with the victory. Everyone else is behind him. He beat everyone and he wasn't even at his very best. I say it comes to the Texas. So he killed me even better. I guarantee he comes in harder, drier and just as full. And I think we're going to see and even better in the value and that's going to give him more experience so that when he goes to the normal class, when he goes to the Olympia, he's going to start knowing how his body works now because he's not just competing once or twice a year anymore. This is a great move on his part. Not to mention why not grab the prize money while you're at it. I mean, it's his to lose really at this point. There's no one in that lineup really. I mean, with the exception of Steve Cuclough, who he hasn't really battled this year, that he can't beat. And I think that at his best, he can beat Steve Cuclough if he comes in the way he looked or even a little better than we saw in Chicago. This is a good move for him. Plus he's like basically staying stating to, hey, this is what I do. I can't be here. I'm not afraid of anyone. I'm going to compete again. Anyone who who shows up. If Rammy wants to come to Texas, that's great. I'll go against Rammy. That'll give me even more stage experience against this guy. And that's a great attitude. And you can't put this guy down because you know what? Look at Ashley Cautwasser. She's one 10 pro shows this year. And she's done probably another five that she, you know, placed in the top three at. And she's still going. And she's going to do them all. And you know what? If she can peek herself that many times and get on stage, so be it. Beater. If you can't beater, you're coming second and you accumulate points. And that's how it works. Okay? Flex Wheel or back in the day used to do all kinds of shows. He didn't just do the Arnold and the Olympia. He was doing, you know, the South Beach show. He was going up to Canada and doing shows up there because he wanted to collect money. I mean, that's what he does. He's a professional bodybuild. He wins money. Same thing with race car drivers. They go and do multiple races because they want to collect money. And they want to win. And they want to get sponsorships. Very smart move on the end part. I think once again, if it was huge gaps of time between these shows, maybe it wouldn't be such a smart move. These shows are right back to back. You got the Arnold coming up in a couple of weeks after that. Then he got the Olympia. So then he can shut it down only once and he can rest and relax and do whatever he needs to do. This is a very good move on his part. And I think it's going to turn out to be something that's going to be a game changer in the terms of how his career moves from this point of thought. Because he's a guy who was not comfortable on stage. He loves the gym. He likes the whole process. He wasn't comfortable on stage. You know what? The more you spend time on stage, the more comfortable you get. I wasn't comfortable when I used to compete initially. But I started doing a lot of guest closings. This is back when the guy's guest post back in the late 90s or early 2000s. And I was doing 20 to 30 a year. I got very comfortable on stage. And I got very comfortable in my body and body awareness and knowing where the crowd was and where the judges were. And that helped me tremendously when I competed. And that's why I toured the end of my career. Even though I wasn't maybe as good a bodybuilder as I was a little earlier. And I did better. I was placing him higher. And that's because I had better stage savvy and better body awareness and presentation. And that's all he needs to work on. So congratulations. Do what you feel you should do in your heart. Don't let anyone else affect how you think. And I'm not just saying this to Ian. I'm saying this to anyone out there. Look at Max Charles. Look at Muhammad L.A.M. This guy has done almost every show also this year. You know, he's writing the point running to accumulate enough points to go to the Olympia. And I guarantee he probably will because he's not stopping. He's still going. So I take my head off to the guys that are not afraid to get up on that stage and compete. Now, if you want to work to do on your physique and improve misome, I don't have any problem with people shutting it down for the following year. But when you're at the peak of your game and you're trying to get to that elite top six Olympia level, you've got to be if you can't be afraid to put it out there. Who knows to Ian Valier? I'm Dave Palumbo with an RX Muscle rant.