Hey guys, we're super excited to be here at the LA Fit X Road, there's 30-year-to-row, and what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be launching the tasty pastry. It's a low-car pothart. It's got three and four grams of neck carbs, and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to legendary foods, Muscle in the Morning. On the Palombo, and today is Friday, September 18th, 2020, and let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Why get to when you can get three? Those words came directly from raining and defending men's physique champ Redmond's. So in case you had any questions about where his mindset was heading into his first title defense, I think that statement should pretty much sum it all up. On this show, we've talked a lot about mindset and what it means to be a champion. And hearing that statement from Ray really encapsulates what we mean. Champions don't have a plan B. They don't think about losing. It's not in their vocabulary. And at the end of the day, that self-belief is the thing that separates them from the path. Now, on the flip side of that, when you're entering into a situation as a challenger trying to unseat the incumbent, you need to wake up every day with irrational confidence. Because if your mindset isn't completely focused on doing everything in your power to do it, no one else in the world believes is possible. You're ultimately going to come up short. So in this case, you can't blame Andre Ferguson for thinking that winning the title this year is already a done deal. Outside of Ray Edmunds, you can make a pretty convincing argument that Andre's been the most dominant athlete in this division for the better part of the last few years. And since he already has the championship mindset working in his favor, the only thing left to do now is win the Olympia. I take a lot of pride in being a man of my word. When I tell people I'm going to do something, I deliver. Because building trust and keeping my promise is something that I place a lot of personal emphasis on. So when I hear William Bowen-Axay that he promises to improve specific body parts, heading into this year's Olympia, my natural inclination is to take him at face value. With everything that's happened over the last six months, it almost is like William's managed to fly under the radar, which seems like it should be impossible considering that he's the second best body builder on the planet. But between COVID and Flex in the return of Phil, there's then essentially zero conversation about William being a serious title contenter this year. But then again, maybe that's how he wants it. And maybe he'll show up and do exactly what he said he was going to do. And maybe a new one and improved William Bowen-Axay will find himself as the last man standing when it's all set and done. I know Dallas Cowboys stands are still sick to their stomachs after watching that terrible week one performance against the Rams. But the good news is that your division sucks, and Steve Kukul is back in the mix, so at least you guys have that going for you. Earlier this week, Steve released a video from a shoulder workout where he saw him hoist up a pair of gigantic 160 pound dumbbells, and knocked out a few clean reps. By all accounts, Steve's training has been spot on the last few months, and he's in a great place both mentally and physically. And just like we've seen so many times in the past, when Steve's completely dialed in, he's as good as anyone in bodybuilding, so I still wouldn't rule out possibly making another late season run. And that does it to get another edition of Muscle in the Morning. I'm Dave Palabbo reminding you to always be true to your passions, and they should have followed us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.