10th and 9th You're my and I'm a Rory Queen There ready for two guys who can't handle the truth The truth you can't handle the true word we can be Lomble Chris Asito Orangemuscle.com presents Every Muscle What are you? What's up? Welcome to another episode of Heavy Muscle Radio on the Palombo and I'm joined as always by the technician Chris Asito On this July second 2018 evening in the Chris I'm trying to figure out how many times I've said that intro over the last since 2009 February 2,000 On it. Out of it today. How sad. How crazy is that? You did really. That's interesting. Yep. I thought of it because I thought we were doing the show at midnight Right. And I think we've been doing the show for like Since 2010 or I've been doing the show with you since 2010 I've 2009 2010 or And I've done it from Spain. I've done it from Dubai. I've done it from many times from Australia I've done it from Brazil. I've done it from Curacao. I've done it from Malta. I've done it from Italy. Yeah. I've done it from all over the place. It's crazy. Right. We're going with this is our 10th year. So figure, let's when we finish the 10th year that will be We do 52 shows a year because we never miss Right. Times 10 years. So that would be 520 shows. We will have to believe it. Which is crazy. Think about it. How many hours of our life? You know, they say you only have so many out. You know, they try to figure out like because you always think of that Till because you sleep half the day. You sleep half the day. We don't sleep half the day. Some people do it. The post do. It's the post of you. It's the post. That's a lot of you. A lot of intros we've done are this thing already. I think I'm damaging my brain from the lack of sleep. I'm serious too. I want to draw the time. I think I wonder if, you know, I got a really late. I get up really early. And then I, you know, I, I forced myself during the day to concentrate, which I'm good at. I can force it. But I think what damage am I doing long term? I think that's why I can't remember anything. I'm, because I think that I cannot solidify memories. You know, that's what you're doing. You sleep. Your body kind of like, it's kind of like, you know, you're downloading the hard drive when you're sleeping. Your brain is like, is learning all the stuff that you learned today. It's kind of making it putting it to permanent memory. It's replacing your transmitters in the brain. Obviously, it's repairing muscle if you work out. We don't, you and I don't do that as much anymore. And it's doing all those little housekeeping features. And when you don't, when you only sleep a couple hours, you don't really get to do that stuff. And so I think that yeah, you start declining mentally a little bit. Either that or I'm actually becoming my dad, which I don't know if I told you about my father fell. He fell again. It was almost the one year anniversary of the, the last time he fell and he had to have the, the hip re done on the left side. He fell on the right side this time. And he broke the feet. Yeah. His femur in four places. My father broke his femur both. Yeah. Yeah. He never healed. Oh, he didn't, they didn't do surgery. They just surgery, but it didn't heal right. He didn't have therapy. You know, he wouldn't do the therapy to stop. Right. Wouldn't really get out to walk to strengthen it. So he's like confined to a wheelchair. Wow, I didn't realize it. Yeah. My father, the guy came in and he did the surgery in six hours. My dad was under. And he, he looks like if you saw the X-ray, he looks like seriously. He's like six million dollar a man. He's got like, they basically said, figured, we know what? His bone is not going to be shown. We'll just give him a metal bone, basically. They just put a plate, the whole infant was blown when he fired. And all together, they replaced the implants. And I was going to know, so now he's got basically two, he fell. He got two new implants now. And one on each side now. And it's all metal and screws and stuff like that. So the doctor even told me because there's no way he could break this again. It's impossible. He said he could break it. Other things, but he's not breaking this anymore. So I said, well, that's good. And the doctor was like really cool, like, like, you know, really cared about my dad. He was like, you know, I don't want, I don't want him over medicating your father. He shouldn't be, you know, drooling in the corner over there. I'm going to give him the weekend, though, because he seemed pretty, pretty, resonged by the surgery. But Monday, I'm pushing him hard. I said, do it because I want him walking. There's no reason why he should be sitting, you know, confined to a wheelchair. This guy's got a walk. He's strong, you know. He, you know, he may not have a memory left, but he should be moving around. I said, well, good. I'm in favor of that. Push him as hard as you want. I don't care. He won't remember anyway. I said, it's not like he can say all that fucking doctor. Like he would normally say, you know, ten years ago, five years ago. He doesn't remember. I'll get, I had a day go. I don't know. It was great. I said, I think good. And then the nurse is a bit like, oh, your father is cursing up his tongue. Meanwhile, he's been in a good mood because he's only been, he hasn't done anything yet, you know. They like, oh, you father. So pleasant. I'm like, good. You guys get him up for physical therapy. You won't be so pleasant anymore. Yeah. Occundation. But, yeah, the problem. You know what, he has the problem. My dad, you know, he, they come into his room to bring him to a meal. They're like, all right, sorry, you got to get up. We're going to the meal. I can't get up. And they got to get three people and they'd lift him up. No, I'm like that. You can't stand up. He's like, oh, no, I come two weeks. Then we'll leave. And they'll put him in the recline it, recline back. So they're like, he can't get up. On his own, they have a bed along there. And he fucking climbs into the chair. Somehow, and he's on the fucking floor. And breaks his leg. How the fuck did he get up? He couldn't get up. With three people helping him. He climbed out of a recline on his own and fell on the floor. So. That's what he is. He's playing poss. Possum. He's not so injured as he'd let us, lead on to believe. That's the problem. Well. But he can't remember. I can't remember. All right. What, uh, I got a lot of silly things to talk about. This is, uh, this is coming weekend. We have a big weekend. We have two because we have two big shows. We have the Chicago Pro show. Obviously, Sergio, I'll leave a junior returning to his hometown to try to win the title there. Was there any, um, was there any, uh, reason that he did the show other than that? Because, you know, theoretically New York was probably a bigger show in terms of titles. You know, a lot of people would have thought, well, Sergio could have gone through the Arnold or something bigger than that. Why do Chicago? Well, you have to backtrack to New York first. The first one was New York, why New York? No, that's New York. That's New York. The, well, the New York was Sergio and the nationals. And I went backstage just, you know, congratulate whatever. And, uh, he saw Steve Weinberger and, uh, he promised Steve out, I'm going to do your show first. Right. And, uh, so that's why you ended up in New York. And then Chicago was the natural transition from, you know, back to his hometown. I think that's part of it. Got it, too. His, uh, you know, he grew up in Chicago. Uh, you know, he has his roots in Chicago, although he moved out to, you know, Goldson Venice and Los Angeles area. It just, uh, you know, it's, it's in the cards. It seems from. And how is he looking? He looks good. He looks, uh, I'd say he's, you know, bigger than he's been. And I think his condition is pretty much spot on to where it should be, you know, a few days out. Mm-hmm. And, uh, you know, he's put in the work. He's done the giant sats with me, Los. He did hit work with me, Los. Uh, the jet. Okay. Yeah. And I think that men, the captain. Um, and, uh, isn't me, listen, in San Diego, that? Yeah, but Sergio would drive down. Wow. That's a short drive. No, he wouldn't do it that day late. You know, I think you do it. He's trained with him, like, uh, you know, he'd do one back workout his way. And then he goes, you know, he goes, me, Los. Which is probably smarter because he trained like, He'd do two, two, two body parts. He'd do back like twice by himself. And then go see me, Los. Just twice, then go see me, Los. You know, legs twice by himself. Then go see me, Los. So every third workout would be, with me, Los. I feel almost positive. That's smart because then, at least he's not all being overtrained by me, Los. You know, that's very good. Then, Wilson, like, all you need to do the insulin routine. Yeah. This is just a good way to shock his body, I guess, right? Yeah. Yeah. You know, it gives him a different, yeah, tracks his body, gives his body different perspective. I mean, he trained with a lot of volume anyway. Well, his with his genetics, you know, and I'm sure his dad trained like that, too. We'd see him work. Yeah, he's probably tons of volume. I only know that because I once trained some people, who, who, who, who, well, good friends with Sergio, this couple who are this business couple, this is like 25 years ago. And they were close with Sergio and, and, and they said he did crazy amounts of volume and ate a lot of donuts. I really, yeah. He would eat like three or four donuts before he trained his obsesies and then they just trained set up to set up to set up to set up. So that was his pre-workup, but they before they had pre-workout, you know, drinks or something Sergio, seeing it would, you know, according to them would have two, three, four donuts, obsesies and then go train. Well, you're into the muffins. We should make a performance pre-workout muffin or something. I always took a picture of a muffin in Walmart. The other day, and posted up my Instagram, and they said, I love that. That would be. They love when you talk about muffins, they think you're good. Yeah. So, you know, you got to pop some deep-out with him to make a mark. Right. And some of these guys would probably put some marijuana on it. So, you know, it's funny that Chicago Pro show is another one of these wings of strength sponsored shows. And they're having, it's interesting. They're doing something unique that they've never done. I don't even have a got clearance to do this, but I'm sure Germanian clear it, because probably no one cares about women's bodybuilding anymore. So they're having an amateur women's bodybuilders anywhere from anywhere in the world can come to this. The second annual wings of strength miss international classic. I have to be proly qualifier. So in those of you win this. I don't, let's say the how many words is that? A lot of words. A lot of words. Wings of strength. Mizz international. Classic I have to be professional league pro qualifier. So that's like five lines. Yeah. If your women's bodybuilder, if you want to be in women's bodybuilding, and you compete in the show and you win. Okay. You're in basically. So a class win will award you. So not even just, not even just the overall, but the day. If you win your class, you win and I have to be professionally pro-card. And this, this will take place on Friday. And then on Saturday, you can actually compete in the I. F. E. B. Pro League women's bodybuilding event. The pro women's bodybuilding event. And if you actually win that, you will qualify for the wings of strength. Rising Phoenix World Championship, which is basically replaced in a Olympia, which takes place on September 8th and Phoenix Arizona. So, big weekend for women's bodybuilding. If there are any out there, I, I tell all the women's physique competitors that I help, or that I advise, do the bodybuilding. Get your freaking pro-card, that way. It's freaking easier. No one does bodybuilding anymore. You might as well, if you have a decent amount of muscle, you know, you can, you know, basically edge that line or walk that fine line. You probably can't sneak in and get a pro-card because I think I'm seeing a lot of these women's bodybuilders are big, but they're just not in shape a lot of them. And they're doing, they're getting pro-card because they're just not enough women competing. And, look, no one knows how you're going to get a pro-card. Who cares? Get your pro-card and then do women's physique. You know what I mean? You don't have to do the women's bodybuilding. But I will say one thing for these wings of strength guys. They're giving out a lot of money. Yeah, we still. They always come through. Thank God, I mean Tim Gardner wouldn't be able to hold all these shows. He's holding without the wings of strength. And what the business model is, but it's good for bodybuilding. I love when people get back, you know, obviously they have money and they don't not afraid to use it and hand it out. And they're certainly not getting it back. Okay. So they're doing it out of generosity. It's kind of like a billgates type of thing. You know, it's the women's bodybuilding has like benefit. There's, you know, that's the other. That's always had benefit. Yeah, that's true, you're right. You're right. Always had people on the, not on the fringe, but people who have nothing to do with working out or very little to do with working out. Who love the sport. It's weird. Right. And there's always been those people around who would, you know, bankroll certain athletes. You know, and sometimes people think, oh, there's something funny going on there. And a lot of times it's not. No, you're right. Very, very odd. There's always been, you know, who is a huge female bodybuilding fan is David Lee Roth? I didn't know that. Oh, you loved it. Really? Yeah. Because he had that T.T. can lie in a. Yeah, he did your own part. So she introduced him to, I don't know, all the other female bodybuilders. He loved it. Interesting. See, he gave me some trivia that I didn't know about. Deesh kniter's in the bodybuilding. I know that he had a gym in Long Island for many. Oh, really? Yeah. Many, many. He had a gym there. He snidered from the, twisted sister. Yeah, twisted sister. Yeah, he works out pretty regularly. He's still back there. I think he's still over there on Long Island to be honest with you. I don't think he doesn't know. The gym anymore, but he still, he still lives there. Because my friend has an auto body shop. He brings his cars in there all the time. He's like a regular, he's like a regular dude. I like that. You know, he could be a star when he's in Hollywood and when he has to go to these events and then every day he's just like a regular guy, you know, put on a sunglasses, fucking thighs is hair back and his pony tail. God bless the guy. He's got a full head of hair still. It's unbelievable. Is it his hair? Is it? I think it's his hair. Well, to see the speaking of the fake hair. Did you see the latest, uh, Ky Green, beta bedipost? I did a big one. I don't know. Was that something? That I didn't see if I heard about it. Yeah. Beta bedipost was insinuating that, uh, in 11 weeks, uh, him and Ky Green had come in through the sandow, which implied basically that Ky was going to win this, do the Olympia, win the sandow and that he was going to somehow be involved. Then it can happen. But go ahead. Yeah. So I, I just did a, and a response, a video to the, to the post that Beta had put on Instagram. Which, you know, basically made a lot of waves. Is people want to see Ky Green do the show? Of course he do. I don't think it's a bad idea if Ky did the show. But I know that the polish, calling Ky would demolish the popularity content. Oh, yeah. Absolutely. Not long. Because then I give you, you know, I found out more information about it. It does matter now because if it, if it counts or something. Doesn't count for anything. Well, I found out what's, what, at least, I think Flex Magazine, Clare, fight it on their website. Number one, all the voting is only for the people who are in attendance to take it holders. There's nothing to do with people at home. So the social media crowd is not going to have any input on this at all. So it's a, it's a way to sell more tickets. Which is good. Give the ticket holders to vote. Secondly, it will, it'll basically crown a people's champion of people watching the show. And the audience, which is fine, you know, we'll have no bearing on the play things. I can guarantee you that. But once again, it's a good, I think that whoever came up with the idea, I don't know if it was Robin or someone else. It's a good idea. I'm not, what did the people in attendance vote? I don't know how they can secure that or make that happen. How do you know if the people are actually in the audience, they're going to have little things on the seats to push. The vote was actually to show that the audience should have, that was on the match, the dating game, right? I don't know. I remember. He was in another, he was a former client of my name. He stood for Chuck Willary. Oh, right. He was from, he used to train at the Gold Venice I remember seeing them. Yeah, I decided he was a, I used to do nutrition plan for him. That's funny. He was very, he looked very vain to me. Was he very vain? No, no. He's very down there. No, I mean, when I say vain, very into his looks and how his presentation and, No, really, no, I mean, I was looking at him. I was always well groomed and stuff like that. Yeah, a lot more wrinkles in real life. How's that for a guy who made money just for him running a dating game? Yeah, but they would, if you remember, they would, that was like high tech then. The audience got a chance to tap you. Yeah. And who they wanted to go out with, you know, the guy of the girl. Right, but there's no way the Olympia people are rigging up every freaking chair in that place. There's like 10,000 chairs in that place. Yeah. And they're all like fold out chairs. I don't know, there's no way, I don't know. I'd love to know how they do. I got a contact someone who knows how to do this thing. But the point is, kind of when the open Olympia, I mean, without not the people's or where he can have the, the get the votes of the judges, even when the, well, the best prep for a guy would be a shotgun prep. Right, don't over die. I don't overthink it just don't overthink it. Because six weeks. He did more than enough. Yeah. Because you know, you just nailed the dates. Well, how many times I haven't said that on this show for a long time, you're always right. But, Kai in a six time, seven, 42 week prep. Listen, Cody Montgomery, you had a seven week offseason after three years and he, honestly, he prep eight weeks offseason pre-condest got ready for show. Kai looks great to old. He's looking at him. He's looking at him. He's looking at him. He's looking at him. He's looking at him. He's looking at him. He's looking at him. He's looking at him. He's looking at him. He's looking at him. Because he's already big. Right. If Kai Green calls you up at Siddae, Chris, would you work with me? What's the answer? It's a guy. Well, you know what? I would know. Of course I would. Oh, you would. Okay. Okay. Because it'd be fun. Yeah, that's true. It's not that hard. Sure. I'd probably just tell him just continue to do it. You know, that's it. Exactly. Don't change it. Kai, don't change anything. He had probably sent me pictures and I'd say you look like he went today. I mean, he's what he's been. Chris, I mean, three muffins a day. Yeah, keep it. Just don't. Don't change anything. I'll be even fried chicken. You know, fried fish or, you know, hamburgers. Go to go to San Diego and do a giant set with mellows for the next 5-3 weeks. No cardio. He probably could go with mellows. Train three hours a day. Eat like there's no tomorrow. Be wrapped. Right. Yeah. Before entering or after the workout with mellows. Oh, my God. I'd love to look. I'd love to see him in the, I don't think he'll do it. Because, you know, you know, I know someone who told me that they offered him a hundred grand to do the show and they're, I'm sure they're, I'm sure they're a lot of money. Not, I didn't want to run some sport. I'm saying, you like, sponsors that it, it's all from a hundred. Yeah, you show a hundred grand and they wouldn't do it. Yeah, they, you know, they should, they should pony up 200. You know what, data is not like a liar, though. He's, there's always some truth to everything that he hints about. So maybe the, maybe they're planning something. Who knows? He has the question. Would they give, I mean, they'd be crazy not to, but would they give Kai an invite to the Olympic? Because he has not qualified. Well, yes, I would. You think they would. Yes. I mean, they'd be crazy not to. I mean, they'd be not so million tickets. I think they'd be the biggest, the matter, what, you know what? There's a saying called that by guns, because I got it. Yeah. And no matter how personally hurt Kai has been or the Olympia people have been, you know what? In three year, you know, the clock is ticking and there's going to be a point where it just, it's an impossibility. Because it's not just this kind of thing. Because it's a bit too old. Yeah. Or as ways will go get too wide or as he'll lose something, you know, is tear something. So, to him to be in the Olympia would be a grand slam in terms of emotional ability. That's what I thought. To the Olympia. Big of that. It's still early enough and it's not like that, I don't even know if the Olympia deadline has passed. Where they have to sign the contracts. So, I mean, if you, you can make the rules, you know, someone is your show. You can make it. It's like someone goes like this, you know, when a company says, well, we have a budget. You know, budget is a may to be broken. And rules are made to be broken. What if they said, we are exceptions to rules. And, you know, some people deserve to get special invites. What if they said, okay, you can do the Olympia, but you got to qualify. This is a couple shows, they'll come and write for the list. Oh, they can't even imagine that. That's the Jeff, that's the pull on Jeff King, isn't it? Well, I mean, no, Jeff, yeah, but Jeff. Tell everyone the Jeff King, sir. We should do a separate video on the Jeff King issue. Jeff King was a freak. Everyone knows him as the guy with the biggest neck. And, you know, he was a freak before his time. He came around around the time, He was, you know, just coming out and everyone was, I wasn't everyone building him in the hand. He is like, it'll be the next big battle up on stage. Yeah, yeah, that next big battle. So, what happened? Hackamete didn't get a pro car. There was a whole controversial thing about the day. Didn't they start the USA championships with him in mind? Is it a big thing they wanted to make him the first champion? Well, I don't know. You know, all the details and some of those conjecture and speculation, because I don't know the facts. All of them. But I do know that 83, he wins the Mr. America. And, which is an AAU show. And, Hany wins the, was it 83, 81? And then, two, eight, eight, eight, eight, zero. First, the first NPC, National Day, just started the NPC. They had broken the AAU. Did you get what the American 83? I'm not showing Jeff on it. Okay, so he either won an 82 or 83, but at that time, the Mr. America was still a big deal with Jeff wanted. It really was a big deal. Right. Beautiful title, Mr. America. Sure. In it. I mean, at the time, it was for quite a while. But so, just the odd part is, Joe got wind of Jeff. Joe, yes, of course, the wind crazy of him. You know, and essentially, you know, promised him the world. And then wanted him to get into the Olympia. Sure. That's why I was on the wanted of the Olympia. And, you know, I think, you know, whoever was running the IFB at the time, said, fine, do the Olympia, but you got to qualify. Jeff was kind of, you know, of the idea that, you know, I'm like the best in the United States. Right. But there's an asterisk next to it, right? Because at that time, yeah. Yeah. And you couldn't say you're the best in the United States, because you didn't beat, you know, the people just want the nationals. Right. But you know what the weird thing was? Because I'll stop you, and then you can finish story. They gave pro cards to other people, and other argument to who won the Mr. Universe, and something like that. Yeah, they did. And it was just a united states thing. Yeah. They did. So, you know, the, the, the, the weird part simply was that, Joe wanted just Jeff in the Olympia. They just invited him. Right. I think Joe was like, you know, it's my Olympia. I can give him the special invite. Right. No, they didn't want to even worry about the pro card. They were going to give him the pro card and give him the invite to the Olympia. Yeah. But there was pushback, you know, and they thought it, maybe it was a, they thought maybe more keyword maybe that was a bad precedence, you know, that you just, the sky wasn't Mr. Marick, and you, you're bringing them right into the Olympia. Which would have been great because, I mean, talk about excitement. Sure. And I thought I, I think he would have done some, you know, extremely well, because like I said on the previous show, you know, his career came to halt to the car accident, not to, you know, anything. Really. So, you know, that's that. So, so, so what, so they wanted to get him in, but didn't they, I, the story I heard, and you know, better because I know Bob Grushkin was helping him. The story I heard was that they, they were going to, they wanted him to do the USA. And Bob was going to, said, I think they were going to do the USA, but they wanted him to qualify to do the USA. And that's where they said they didn't want to do it. Is that, is that true or is that, and I make a sense of, I don't know. I don't know. That's what I heard. It wasn't that they, maybe you're right, because you probably know better than I do. I thought that he was willing to do the USA to win the pro-card and then do the Olympic obviously, with a special invite, but that they wanted him to qualify to even do the USA. And it wasn't that the year they made the USA, because the, the nationals weren't 82 the first one, but I think the first USA was 83, right? E, and that's the first year they made the USA pro-card? Right. I don't know if they even had it before that. I don't remember. It was before my time. So, maybe they, they created the USA in 83 or something like that. Or maybe it was 82, maybe they gave, like you said, the pro-card in 83. And Jeff was supposed to be the first champion to get the pro-card. Who became the first one, David Hawker, something like that? Yeah, maybe it was. Got you over tremendous memory. Yeah, I think it was David Hawker. Yeah. There was a guy who won the four of that, but I don't think he got the pro-card for that. Was that Phil, I don't remember that? Williams? Was it Phil Williams? I don't think it was, I don't know, I could be making that up. But it's interesting how these things happened. And obviously we never got to see the Jeff King Lehanie showdown, which would have been great. Well, you think Jeff could have been Haney? Because Haney wasn't that big when he first started, you know? That's what I mean. What he went 94 years ago in Olympia? Yeah, I put it right. Jeff was a better bodybuilder when Jeff won the America than when Haney won the National Smyat Canyon. It's two years later, I think it was Haney's second Olympia. He made the big jump. Right. So Haney really got a lot thicker. The first Olympia, he looked good. I think he placed third. But it was the second Olympia, the one that he won, that he made a big jump in size. But Jeff had already had this Jeff was already like that big, because Bigus Haney in the 80s. Sure. So I get Jeff King's record by pulled up here. In 82, he won the Collegiate Mr. America, overall. He also won the Eastern USA Championships, believe you're not funny. He won the overall, and the Mr. Universe, and the Nav and Mr. Universe, he won the overall too. 183. So that was his year. That must have been the year they wanted to get him in the Olympia. Yeah, I think you're right. The following year, 184 won the World Championships in Nav, a 12-class. And then in 85, he must have had the car accident. Because 85, he was second of the World Championships in Nav, and Waba. Yeah, that's what he here. I think 84, he had the car accident. He's so competed up to 88. A lot of guys in the Nud that I didn't know that. He wasn't doing as well though. He was doing terrible. So crazy. Yeah, it's... But it just goes to show you, Mr. Opportunities. What a clash that would have been. You know what? It's funny, missed opportunities, Dave. But I'm the worst one people say, should I do this? I say yes. You know what I mean? You're well, because I always say, you know what? You're going to be... How old are you Dave? 50. You're going to be 50, and you know what? You're not going to be 31, and you're going to be 50, and you're going to say, I should have. Right. No, yeah. I don't live my life like that. I always do things, too. But it's going to take the energy of your youth, more than anything. Well, a lot of people thought Cody was crazy to do the Cody McCormick. He was crazy to the USA. You know, the first show after his teen national wins, and the guy won the free game show. I don't want people to talk people honestly. You know, people are like thinking, well, you know, if he breaks top 10 this year, and you know, I was... She's top 10. I remember sending pictures to Jose, and, and Tossi said, this guy's got a good chance to win. That was like, you know, some six weeks out, some weeks out. And you know, he couldn't have done the show the year after, and he might have not won. Right? Because, I mean, he had to beat the right place the right time, some time. He had to have to be in the right place at the right time. He had to be in the right place at the right time. Kai's the... Kai is the old worst at doing that. I don't... You haven't noticed, Pan. He's always at the worst. He's always at the wrong place the wrong time. I actually said you're probably the worst at that. But Kai always shows up at the Olympia all off a little bit. He's never timed it perfectly where to win that Olympia. And he certainly had the physique to win the Olympia. I mean, it was face. Well, well, part of it, maybe, goes back to six week preparation. Six week preparation versus like a 12 to 15 week preparation. Because once you're in shape and you have time left, it's all down and they'll come there. If you're in shape, right? And it's five weeks out, it's all down. Hill from there. Yeah, you're right. I think who knows Kai can come back and be as best because, you know, he had... Rest. Think of that. Sometimes, rest is good for a physique. He's been traveling. You can tell he hasn't stopped training. You can tell that he's still eating well. He's in good shape. He's got a little muscle. Maybe he needed the rest. Maybe he'll come back and he'll be great. You know, I don't know. But... You know what Dave, I must just stop there because he might end up sending you a season just his daughter. Like Jeremy went to his lawyer. Oh, I guess. So I get this FedEx from Jeremy Pointier. It's a lawyer. Who's upset? And that that Boston Lloyd had set on the TV show that he sold Jeremy Benzia drugs back in the day when they used to compete together. And they lived in the same town, which was true because Boston's got the text messages and everything was approved. But they want me to, you know, take the videos down and everything went down. But which I might have done. But the second stipulation was that I can never ever say anything to Sparaging against Jeremy with the idea. Which obviously we'd be open to their interpretation with the Sparaging is right? Imagine that. We saw, can never say it work. You never say like, Jeremy with the idea can come and throw a fucking dead fish through my window. And I can never say Jeremy's a fucking scumbag to doing that because I saw a sign that they wanted to sign something. Michael Jackson's lawyer used to send out threatening letters to people in the media who didn't refer to him as the King of Pop comma Michael Jackson. That's very- That's crazy. Blackman used to send blackman was notorious for sending out letters. I'll tell you you could start by blackman. When I worked there at the time, one of our main competitors at M.D. was bodybuilding.com. He's bodybuilding.com covered bodybuilding back then, you know. And so, oh, what the average a website called bodybuilding covering bodybuilding. So blackman had exclusivity on all these athletes. You know, you've paying everyone, right? This is when he actually paid. If we had Victor and this one under. And somehow bodybuilding.com was been boozelling these guys into getting doing videos like training videos on their website and under the guys that it was like for their supplement company that they were representing. Like Victor was M.H.P. But it was really nothing to do with M.H.P. It was a training video. I said, see, they're violating his contract. And they're tricking him with doing this. You got to, he's a guy who sent the deceased in the sister letter. So he had to let us sent the alphabet of that. Three-light days ago, no one responds. I said, see, they're not responding. You got to take further action. This video is still up. It's getting a lot of hits. You have exclusivity. You got to enforce it. Yeah, let's say he wouldn't ever do it. So they were all idle threats, basically. He'd have, you know, because he didn't want to spend the money to go forward with the legal action. Yeah, well, that's a typical lawyer's deal. But he would send that to me, all the time and everyone would just throw him in the garbage. So when I left, you know, when he fired me and I was, he sent me a few sentences because I was using his pair of pen alpics, like on my arms muscle that they had taken of me, my own pictures. My pictures that he took of me. I put a couple of up or whatever. I'm editing, so I just, I don't want to give him a way of doing this. I just, I don't remember who is getting all worried about. I said, are you kidding me? I know he's never good at anything of Advers. I said, I fucking pissed on him through him in the garbage. I said, because I know I knew his whole sticker at it. You know, he's setting new season to sit there. I see, I watch him send out 400 of them and never enforce any of them. You know? So who knows? There's no way I'll sign that. There's no way I'll agree to the terms because obviously, no one's just leaving it up and let his lawyer who's, you know, he's sending you his, you know, cancer letters. Monthly lawyer will be handling it too, but that's not here now there. First of all, I'm not the one who sent it. I said anything. He can go after Boston, the light if he wants to. But Boston, the problem is when Boston posts up the text messages of him saying that he's the, the Jeremy asking for what steroids he wanted. Then that's probably going to like make the situation worse. When do you think? What's Boston up? Did he have his actual text messages? Yeah, or text emails. I don't know. So it's, it's not. He should have probably just let it die, you know, because no matter what what crap is out there, like, no matter what anyone says about you or posted about you could be a murder. After like six months, no one remembers anyway, you know what I mean? People don't even remember like three days with some of your mates. Oh, damn. The funny thing is that I reached out to before I even had Boston white on the show. I reached out to Jeremy. I wanted to get him on it to clarify. And I even told him to be a text, a, a, a, a, a, a Instagram messenger, which I never used by the way, because that's the only way to get in touch with my said Jeremy, get on. I think people are misrepresenting what you said. I actually was taking his side. You know, even when we talked about it on the, on the radio show, you were pretty vehement about the fact that it was, it was just, like, and I'm like, well, maybe I was trying to play to double that thing. And I said, you know, maybe he was just misquoted. You know, basically he didn't really mean it in the malicious sense. So here I am defending the guy and getting, up, getting a letter from his lawyer, you know, telling me, I can never, I can never, I can't even say like the guy is fucking shoelaces. If I can tie and wrong, you know, we were insulted by that comment that they pull him home made about Jeremy's shoelaces. Well, maybe maybe maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe, should have fun. I want fun. That, that, tell, tell was lawyer that you reject the season decision. But I don't, you can. But instead, you give him voice to be able to clarify his comments and respond to Boston Lloyd. Yeah. I mean, haven't, if, if it's, if it's untrue, if it is not true, then who better to defend himself than himself? Yeah. No, right, great. Come on and say, you know, Boston stop lying. Right. But you know what the truth is? I'm not the, who cares? Everyone knows that all the people in our entry use some kind of, you know, and all the stuff. I mean, it's not, it's not like, it's not like, it's not like, even, neither do the baseball players with all players with hockey players. So worst thing you could ever do, the worst thing you could ever do is like, find them, get Boston Lloyd pissed off of you because he knows he will take anything. Yeah, he'll tell everything in the guys. He's like, Nasser, he's got like a fucking photograph. I think I was just going to say that. I'm just going to say he's got that, that Nasser photographic memory, you know, you remember every detail of everything? Yeah. You know, he can tell you what, you know, the third Neil of the, the, the contricosts show that he did, you know, on the Wednesday night, what he ate and what he drank with it. And he can probably tell you like the, what Jeremy Payton and how much change he gave him. What? What, you know, what color shirt he was wearing and where they met? Right. Right. Unbelievable. He. He. He. He. Oh, damn Chris, we can't make the stuff up. That these guys hand me, if they hand me material, it's unbelievable. All right. So we get the wings of strength. We get surgery. Who else is doing this show? I know Justin Rodriguez is going to be a wonderful artist. Arguing with each other. You know, Sergio. Rosen one week. I mean, one weekend. Yeah, but I think split it up because they got the, the Vancouver pro show is, they got a classic physique of the, classic mentally. Did they have open to up there? They have open up there. Yeah, they have classic. They have open. They have Chicago has two, 12. Right. Chicago has open. I wonder why they decide to do them both on the same weekend. You know, as they have too many shows, that's what it is. But nothing was taking place this past weekend. I don't know why they didn't hold it this weekend. One of them should have been this past weekend. I got to get Michelle crack on the show because Michelle crack is promoting me. Vancouver show. I got to reach out to her. I told her to get her on the show. We actually have believe it. And we have a photographer there to show. I don't cover shows, but you know, this guy has been, you know, doing some stuff for us and you often to give us the pictures. So I think well, I'll take the pictures. So we're going to put up some pictures from Vancouver. I'll do a wrap. I'll do a wrap. Have you been to Vancouver? No, but I hear it's beautiful. I really would have liked to. Yeah, you're not all ridiculous. I still tell people I can't go there because I've committed to the felony over 10 years ago. I could definitely get in there. I know even Rick Collins told me that he can get me in there. They wanted me to actually do a seminar up there. Some kind of like seminar and cateted this year. And I can't travel. I get yelled if I go into the gym twice a week. You know, I can't travel. It's too difficult with the kids. We have started out trade. What with them? By the way, you see that today's. Yeah, what is that? What is going on with that trade war? Trump has put, I think, tariffs on steel milk and I don't. And they've retaliated with tariffs on soup, chocolate, and anyways. I think with this, like $13 billion worth of tariffs on goods and goods coming from Canada and in response to Canada is put $13 billion on, you know, the state's products coming in to there. I'll tell you, they already had that on there because every time I send my freaking species stuff, they, these poor guys have to pay and girls have to pay a fortune on import fees. Well, they don't. England's worth England's bad too. This must go back to the Boston Tea Party with fucking England with the taxation. I can't say, I feel terrible for these UK guys. I got to give them like rock bottom pricing because I feel so bad on them. But they got to pay and do a lot. Yeah, $400 for a Canada. Protein. Yeah. You sent them a jug of protein. They got to pay $50. They got to pay more than the protein cost. Yeah. Thank God I got to find and get it. It's distributor. A predator nutrition over there is selling it. So people can, and of course my friend, what's his name? Probably there. Brian Godder, BG Sports, Salism 2. So there is, I do have a representation now in the UK, but before we're still as terrible as all these stupid import fees on everything over there. We don't, we don't, we don't try to, we don't have to pay any duties. I don't think we pay duties on anything, do we? Do you have any of the pay duties on anything you important on the country? I don't important, but I'll probably do it in the future. That's true. I did bring in some snakes once. Some boa constrictors from Holland. It was a very minor amount of money. I had to pay just some handling fee. It wasn't really a tariff or anything. I don't know. I guess that's why it's great to live in the United States. Everyone is always complaining about Trump and this person and that person. But we have it, we have it really good here. We don't realize how good we have it here. I'll probably go abroad and see what they're dealing with over there. All of Bolsheid here doesn't seem so bad sometimes. Well, it depends on the way. Yeah, but I'm saying like, I think everyone thinks we're just an nation of complainers here because we have free speech and all this stuff. That's what we pride ourselves on. So everyone complains about everything. But the truth is we have a better than everyone else. We just have the ability to complain about the fact that if we don't like something. And we don't have to worry about anyone coming to our house and resting. Resting. Resting. So don't complain so much. You can voice you disapproval but understand that you've probably got it a lot better than most of these other people do. You know, I think they're, I think it's, is it's open to all athletes worldwide this saying it's free to the public, the health and the health expo they have? Which one? The Vancouver. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I love the fact that these these new I. B. Pro qualifiers now are all open to the world. You can even, and you can even go there for the United States and compete if you want. Can never do you remember? Can never have done that in the past. Yeah, right. I think it's great. I think with yet, which in many of them is tremendous. You know, it really opened up the ability to compete and you think about it. I, you and I, you could go to China and compete and a pro qualifier if you want. You know, now you might not do that. Well, I don't know, there could be some hometown and I'll feel the advantage over that. But you can do it. Now, you could never do that before. So we are how far we moved from the split between. Manion and Russia. What's been, I think this is the Olympia will be one year, right? Is something that right after the Olympia? And who's winning? I don't know. I think they're probably both winning because I think, I think, Jim Ann is the winner because I think that the prestige, the aspect of what's going on is in Jim Annians corner because the prestige, he's got the IPB pro league, which is the Mr. Olympia. I like, I guess I was talking about at the pro level because that would be the Olympus test. I don't think Raphael's losing any money if you're asking me that. That's probably he's probably making more money now that he's in control of his own decision. Well, who want, you know what, I never figured out who won the rep, I call it the Raphael Arnold Brazil. I don't know. Obviously, that tells you how important it was. Exactly. But I guess that's the answer. If it was a quote, man, you're on a Brazil, we'd know like, oh, you know, I'm not saying you know, K-1, but you know, he like, rolly one or, you know, Raphael's a top is a businessman. Yeah, he loves bodybuilding, but he's a businessman first and he likes to, he's a control freak. So, does he do a good job over there overseas? Yeah, of course he does, but that's his league. He doesn't want anyone telling you what to do. Jim Manion was in charge of the pro league. He didn't like that. And so he's doing now he's doing his own thing. He's probably making more money now because he's completely in control, both the pro and the amateur division. And he doesn't care about the prestige. Jim Manion cares about the whole prestige thing because that's, you know, yeah, he wants to make money too, of course. But the Mr. Olympia, he's leaving a legacy, you know, now he's running, you know, the amateur amperal league. And when he's no longer here, probably I'll live us all probably more than likely. But when he's no longer here, he's going to leave a legacy behind them. And I think that Joe Weater and Ben Weater would have been proud, you know, of what he's doing. So, it was tough to break with the I at the amateur league and and Rothyel. But it probably was for the best for the athlete at the end of the day. And I think probably, both of them will make more money. Because now you have two leagues competing, you know what I mean? So there's never a lack of people to pay money to compete. Look at the NPC team universe as past week, which was run by Steve Wyvern, over a thousand competitors, Chris. That's huge. Huge. And you can't, I mean, you can't say, hey, anything about that, that's just an enormous, enormous amount of money that is coming into the sport. And I want to like drop the H. Huge. Huge. You said huge, you play the take-back. Huge. Huge. Oh, my God. Yeah. I think you're a accent, way to say it, huge, or is it? You know, I always get made fun of, now that I'm in Florida. I mean, I was in my New York accent as being made. When you're in New York, no one makes funny in New York accent. When you go to Florida, everyone makes funny in New York accent. Actually, it's really my wife just making fun of my accent. The wax pronounced words. You know, we have our own little way of saying these. It's funny. I did a Skype consult with this guy the other day for an hour. And he told me he's from the same area that Nathan Deasher is. I said, how can I understand what the hell you're saying? I can't understand a word Nathan says to me when I interview him. He's like his Nathan has Americanized his British accent. I said, what does that mean? He says he, he hamps it up. He makes it worse. He makes the UK accent worse that it really is. He goes, it's not that bad for where he is. I said, I got to be honest, I don't know half the words I don't understand to come out of his mouth. I said, I have to fake it when I interview him. I laugh at stuff. I don't even know what I'm laughing at. Anyway, they give out a ton of pro cards this team universe is past weekend. It's amazing. The team universe has evolved into almost like the NASA's national. They have like over 35, over 40 winners. They got over 50, over 60. It's crazy how many people they got doing these shows. And these classes are stacked. It's funny how the master's body buildings competitions are loading with people. And on the amateur level, the level of, I guess you could say, the open divisions. You have a diminishing number. So I guess the old guys is still sticking with body building. The young guys are going on a classic because they get the only thing I could make of. That's the trend. That's the trend. You just nailed it. Right? Yeah. But I think I think people get older though. They're going to move into the open. They're going to be a lot of all. No, I don't think I think the classic guys will do open body building. Yeah, I think they will. A lot of them will. I actually heard a rumor that Flex Lewis was doing this was going to be his last year in two to a while. I heard that too. I, but I, but I, but I talked and we texted each other. But I think I heard from you so that that doesn't mean I heard it. I don't think I told you that. Okay, then. It was from someone else here. It's going around. So you better not, you better get it right because suddenly you're a season to this. No, I just flexed and I actually like you. Flex actually, it dexed me about something else. And I asked him about that. He was laughing. He's like, don't believe everything you hear. Yeah, but it's fun to because it gives us up the top of course. That's what he knows that. That's what he looks. Flex Lewis is dying. And I know he's probably listening. He listens everything. He's dying to come and be interviewed by me and do all the, every show we have he'll come on. He'll come on iron debate. He's, he's dying. He's got like a gag order on him because he's, he's got this, AMI contract, which, you know, obviously is good for his reputation. Everything like that and they're representing him and then he's the Mr. Lipier. They won't let him do anything. You know, with pretty much what they, you know, the funny thing is these, exclusivity contracts that they have are really close to them. They only, they only, they just, they just, they only, they just, they just made an investment. But the funny thing is that they don't even, they don't do anything with these athletes. It's like, it's not like they're using Flex like every week. They do an interview with them and they have a given us on talk show. At least use the fracking. I let the guy promote himself, you know. Well, he don't care if he's getting a check. If he's a decent check. Yeah, no, I don't blame him. I would take the check too. But the point is, he likes to talk and he's like, he has very strong opinions on everything. He's dying to come on the show. Why they wouldn't put a Flex T shirt on him and let him come on the show and talk and promote the Flex magazine and the investment thing is, I don't know, or am I? Whatever, put Mr. Lipier on the show. We could plug the Mr. Lipier contest every time it comes on. People want to hear his opinions, you know. A lot of the, like, Jane, Jay would have been a terrible interview while he was Mr. Lipier because he was too politically correct. But Flex comes from like that, you know. He's from Wales, you know. He's got the, where it was he from Scotland or Wales and I don't remember. But he's from, I think he's Wales, Welsh as Welsh. He's on Boko on now. He's all about that. Yeah, he's on Boko on time. But I can get him to come to my studio. That's how close he is. So, I mean, he's, he's that afraid that he says what's on his mind. I mean, he's like a kind of a aggregate kind of guy, you know. So, he would be a great interview, you know. He's, and he's not afraid to say, hey, I wasn't my best this year. He's, he's got like no ego. He's really, really open about the, you know, the way he's, but you never hear from him because he's not a lot the same thing and talk to anyone, you know. Well, well, that's, that's, that's, uh. It's funny when I read, when I read the list of, of these body builders and the team universe who did, you know, all these. Yeah, you know him all from back there. Yeah, it's got competed with all of these guys. It's all going to be two or three that I would record guys. I'm looking for some, some names. I know a lot of these who's, I help like, I got to go to the 50 and I would look for the people that we competed with right now. Now we're not 50, class, right? Yeah, a bit kill us. Remember George the three bolt? No. You always have one small like I remember that. I competed with him. Um, let's see, let's go over 60. Let's see the thing where we know our 60. The mass is natural is bad because most of those guys wait for the mass is natural. They do the same thing. It's the same crew every year. Mm-hmm. And then I don't think you would know anyone in this list. I'm looking for it. I know a lot of the guys because I work with a lot of these guys, but I'm trying to see if there's anyone. I think a lot of the guys do wait for the mass. I think the team universe is a really good opportunity because a lot of guys don't do it. Thinking that they're going to do the mass just nationals, but you'd be crazy. That's true. Our good friend Ali Sanjaro Savi was in the show. He was fifth and the 40 men's over 40. He's the guy I went to Italy with. Yeah, when I was working with Yamamoto and got me in there. He's a date's rose at him or talking at good friends. Love those guys. They're the good people. There's a lot of good people in the sport. There's a lot of shitty people. Lots of good people. Well, even some of the shitty people actually put decent people. Yeah, I don't want to know what they're saying. I said the people said me seasoned to cis lettuce. Well, some people just have issues. True. True. I can't believe how many classes they got this crazy. 35 and over. Why would they have 35 and 40 and over? What a what a what a racket. 35 35 and 35 is pretty damn young. Right. For a masses of them. Yeah, I don't consider 35 masters. That's why these guys have a tremendous opportunity. I feel like what's that? These guys, it's a tremendous opportunity for these guys in the 30s to get Pro cards. People's a lot of times don't want to do it. I wanted to get the open screw that. Get your Pro card. And then worry about it. It's hard enough to get a Pro card as it is taken anyway. They'll give it to you. So you think? Yeah, I agree. Yeah. I agree there. Hmm. I know. I don't know. I agree. I'm looking at all the I can't believe how many people were in the show. Crazy. It's like. This is the women really. It's funny. If you would have thought back in the 1990 that there would be more women competing than men, people would have laughed at you, right? Well, well, you wish class you. None of those. But there was only women's bodybuilding back then. Yeah, I know. So which class? Saying, if you want to say, you know what? In 20 years or now, 30 years or now, there'll be more women competing in the sport than men. Much more. People would say you're ready to fuck your mind because it was all men's bodybuilding. You had women bodybuilders, but there wasn't a million of them. Who would have ever anticipated they would have created other classes and bikini and figure? They wouldn't tell you a nought if you would have suggested that. People thought they would it was crazy when they started fitness. Remember? Yeah. Fitness was supposed to be the answer. It was supposed to be bodybuilding and fitness. Fitness was going to be the tone down version of bodybuilding and routine. So it gives them something athletically to do. Well, it was all true. Yeah. But of course, not a lot of these women that had great physics had no skill to do these routines. And that's why they created figure. And then that wasn't enough because the girls didn't want to get that big and so they had a great bikini. That's what bikini came from. So. And then they had a reboot women's bodybuilding so they started women's physique. All during this time, the member, like, can you give us one more freaking class? You gave the women 14 classes. Why can't we get one of those? Oh, because that's a pro-carriage of the junior national. Yeah. Why can't you give us a pro-carriage of the junior nationals exact? You can come back to that old argument. I can't even read all the names. There's too many names. No, I know. I was going to read names and I'm like, I came to this to make it. No, if you read like 10 people are going to email you and say how dare you not get me. I was back into my class too. That's right. The piano's a pro show is this past weekend. San Jose, California. They had a men's physique event, Cairo on Holden. Wins that. Anthony Woods in second place and long woo from China. That's a long trip. He took place there. Congratulations. Women's physique. Antoinette Downey from Barbados. We like her. Good physique. She wins. She'll be able to be Olympia. Evelyn Roka from Brazil in the second position. Eleanor Dobr Nina from Canada in the third position. Congratulations to those ladies. Who was fourth? Christ had done him as fourth. Fifth place, Robin Mays. And my client Kim Jones. Six place. Congratulations Kim. I wanted to mention your name. So I listed off all six. What else was that? There was another show this past weekend too. I got to go back and see that. Which shows it were. You take this on to see the Incredibles yet? No. My kid can't sit through anything. My son can sit through home videos on his phone. That's what he sits through. How was it? That is good as far as. No. In fact, we went to the movies. And then the very next day we watched the Incredibles. And it's so odd that I was doing dishes. And I've seen that movie so many times. I know like every line in the movie. I haven't seen a movie in like eight years. Have you seen it so many times because your kids watched it? Yeah, we watched it together. One of my favorite movies of all time. I like it. It's even if you're an adult, it's a good movie. Oh, yeah. Of course. Every time I watch the movie now, well, I think about his Andy Hammond because he's Andy Hammond. He's a little bit more incredible than I thought. That's my brain. That's my brain. I was saying every time I see it, I said that's Andy Hammond. He's a little too movie. He does. He does. He's got the same hair done. He has a, that's spiked up hair done. I love it. I tell Andy, I'm saying I'm so jealous. Him and Jay call. I'm so jealous of their hair. Don't you wish you had a hair? Are you doing a hair like this? I'm jealous of your hair too. Oh. You don't have to have a hair too. Don't have to have a hair like this. Did you lose your hair when you did the interferent treatment? Yeah, it's not a follow. You put it in a dinner and it's like, my, my hairline got, uh, tired. Oh, I receded it. Like, you know, when people put, yeah, it started to recede, it started recede, decent amount, but it came back. That's, that's called the aesthetics. I felt like I would have just, like, got plugged in anyway. I would have just, no way. Is that funny how, some people have great hair genetics? Yeah, my father's getting corroborated. You can look at Jay. Jay's got great hair. I mean, nothing caused him to lose any hair. It's amazing. I'm always amazed that some people just that they will not lose hair. That's why everything is genetics. Really. I mean, is this, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, we think that we have control of everything we do, and we really don't. We're, we're at the mercy of our genetics. Yeah, we can, we can influence it and stuff like that. And we can change it to some degree by environmental cues. But we really are slaves to our genetics. It's, it's, it's, it's a fact that he'd say it. Well, you know what's so funny? What genetics? I, I took my, my kids to see my, uh, my first cousin, my cousin today. And he lives on a farm. And they, and, uh, I, he actually raises, uh, grass fed, beat. That's a sign job. I love it. Yeah. I, I, I, I told him I said, if you want a lot of customers, I could get you tons of customers, tons. Anyways, he comes out of the house, and he's, he's, he was always big and muscular. He did, he never competed, but he was a bodybuilder. And I always not he had great genetics. And he comes out of the house. And my kids haven't seen him in years. And if I got huge. And I said, what he've been doing, he's doing, uh, testosterone replacement. Yeah. But you want to talk genetics. Yeah. No training. But he got, but he got his muscle back from, got it from just to his test level. One up. Just from getting this, the, the cows, the, the grass, the, the grass, the, the grass. I mean, I guess he's, you know, moving some hay or whatever. Lift your hair, you know, taking care of the animals. But he got, he got really big. He's really wide. And he got really big. And I was, we, we were just talking about genetics today. Yeah. You were saying, you know, he was saying it's all genetics. Yeah. Jimmy Memphis and I were talking about the genetics too. Jimmy Memphis was like, uh, is it hot by you too? Because Jimmy's in like the book area, I think. I thought, Lord, though, I said, it was fucking stifling today down here. He said, uh, I went outside to try to do some like gardening. He was like, lasted five minutes in my back inside. I said, me too. He mentioned, he mentioned we had a survive. I thought you had to, he had to like take care of crops and stuff like that. Did the pair of bills. Oh, wow. Fucking too much for it. Come on, yeah. Yeah. I actually was outside. I actually have them. I bought, I haven't got him yet. I'm setting up. I'm getting three tortoises. Three solcaut tortoises. They live like 150 years. I got to have to will them to someone like to my kids or something like that. the world to their kids, that's how long they live. But they're little, you know, they grow huge these things. So that's my newest project. And so, you know, it's someone dropped, I don't remember if I told you not, someone gave me one of Amanda's friends a, he wanted to get rid of it. I really wasn't into it at first, but now I kind of like it, it's a, a chameleon. Have you seen these chameleons? I told you, I told you, I told you, I found a store I had one. Oh, did I, did I talk about this last week because I can't remember anything anymore? I don't remember. Did we talk about the, did it chameleon? Yeah, we did. Because I, for example, forget I'd done having a, a senior moment as my dad would say. Anyways. What did you say about farms with having the chameleon? I remember. The beautiful one. Beautiful, beautiful. Like he's his only pictures would be like, you know, one minute would be like green yellow purple gray horn, you know, the sex, you know, ten minutes later be like, you know, whatever, ten different other colors. That's exactly right. So I, you know, most people feed these chameleons, crickets. Now coming from New York to me, a cricket is a, is a roach, right? Is like a cockroach. That's what they look like to me. So I'm not, I don't have it. I don't scheme them right there, but I don't want cockroaches getting out with that, I don't want crickets getting out all over the place. And then they make the cricketing sound. So you can feed the, the chameleon with the, call super worms. These, these big worms. You know, they eventually turn the beetles, you know, but it's the larval form of the worms. But they do as you bought. You get them. And because I have a guy at the liver's, mice and rodents for my snake collections that he brings me these soup worms. And you put them in like a cat litter box with like a bunch of wheat germ and some like a creating. And you throw produce in there. You basically can throw anything in there. I would have a crap leftover stuff. You got lettuce and broccoli and carrots and stuff like that. And whatever you feed them, actually they eat and then just and so it actually, you can make them more vitamin rich. They call it gut loaning. And then when you feed those worms to the, to the chameleon, you're, they're getting the nutrition from the worms, right? I'm gonna tell you something. There's gotta be like a couple hundred of these things in this little set up piece, he gave to me. And I threw like two pieces of broccoli like some kale in there and like three carrots. I'm like, you know, I hope this doesn't get all gucky and it's gonna stink and everything like that. I threw it in there. I left the room. The next day I came back and I went to look at it because I'm like, you know, I'm gonna pull out any stuff that's like, you know, future-flying that. There wasn't a trace. When I say a trace, I'm saying there was not a trace that was ever a vegetable thrown into that container. That's how completely they can assume this stuff. That's crazy. Oh, yes. Did the greatest garden of garbage disposes of all time? I don't know how that. Yeah, I mean, in my town is raising our regular article, chocolate covered crickets. Trouble. You know what, they probably taste good. Like a little snack snack. Well, you know, I told you there was, they were cricket protein. It's so, it's so, it approached me, they wanted me to sell cricket protein. You know, like, you know, your species, you should have a cricket protein. It's a, it fits right in with the MMO. I see, yeah, the only problem is no one wants to eat cockroaches. I said, it could taste amazing. I said, the cricket, but no one will eat it because people do not like eating insects. I said, we have a phobia against insects in this world. Although, Chris, you do have a very good crop of bed bug protein. Probably we can imagine that bed bug protein concentrated. Yep, we have the, did I send you the de-ante of the guy calling me to this week and he wanted the apartment. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. What did say he had had, it has to have a bathroom. Yeah. Yeah, I don't know where to get. I didn't, I almost didn't catch a head of listen to it twice. Yeah, because I didn't get it. He's like, I'm looking for a apartment, you know, old guys. Absolutely has to have a bathroom. I'm taking a, you know. I'm taking a one. What did you do? Chris just sent me a text much of Jeff Bezos through the M owner of Amazon. With that comment, who was sitting at a desk in 1989 with like a little like batter on the wall, because I wanted to hand-roat it saying Amazon.com. Is that true? Is that true photo? I don't know. I don't know. You know, I heard that Amazon finally turned to profit for the first time this year. Yeah, I told you that if they, yeah, they don't want it. It's amazing how successful they were, given they, they were losing money up until now. Well, I mean, it's okay if you lose the money. You, you know, you're, if, if you lose the money and you, you're selling tons of stock. That's what it's like. Well, if you, if you increase the sales every quarter, exponentially, even if you still lose the money at some time, people expect you to like, try and profit. Yeah. All right, I got a quarter of the week. Everyone's complaints. I don't do enough courts of the week. I'm going to show it to the court of the week. Here it is. I don't know who said it. I just liked it. I saw it. Everyone thinks they're right. So the question is, and who's right or wrong? The question is, who is the most, who is the most in alignment with their source? And who is the most allowing and whose life is really going the best most of the time? Right, oh, my head, this week. Okay. Everyone thinks they're right. But the question isn't who is right or wrong? The question is, who is the most in alignment with their source of their, you know, of who they really are? And who's the most allowing of everything that happens and like, and who's life is really going the best most of the time? So being right or wrong doesn't matter. Is your life going good or is it going to shit? And if it's going to shit, it's probably because you're just not in alignment with who you really are. And what you should be doing. So that's really the being right or wrong doesn't mean that the hill of beans. If your life sucks, right? It's nothing wrong with the game wrong. So long as you know you're wrong. It doesn't matter, right or wrong at all, it just means you enjoy your life. If you enjoy your life and you like to do, then then guess what? You're doing what you're supposed to be doing. That's the question because it's not to face it. When you're dead, who cares? You might as well enjoy life while you're here. So do what you like, connect with who you really are. I was telling him about this guy that the Skype console with, who was to get the British accent from when he's from where Nathan Deesh was raised. And he was telling, he had a lot of issues with nerve pain. He has spinal problems and he stopped working. He retired early because of it. And only does it think about the stupid, you know, that's all he has time to do is think about his problems. But the guy was a great talker and we were talking for an hour straight and the consult on Skype. And he's like, I don't know what to do with myself because you're so positive. Yeah, I said, I said, it's obvious what you should do. So fucking YouTube generation, go, go, start a YouTube channel and talk about all your problems on there. All your medical issues and how you've worked around solutions to them and what you've had done and all the experimental procedures. Yeah, that's the biggest thing nowadays. I don't, that's mainstream. You know, people live in pain, people, you got to find what you're good at doing. This guy is good at talking. He's got problems. He's looking for solutions. And you know what, that's what people go on YouTube to basically search out. They want answers. My wife is on their mic, because my son has like a breakout on his leg. It's like it's all scalli, it's like a little exima. And there's a, there's a pediatrician as a YouTube channel and he diagnosis all these things. People want information and if people are depressed or suicidal or they have, they live in pain, they're going to search out people who will like them and see what they do. So you could always do what you want to do, okay, especially in this generation of YouTube and social media because you don't have to ever leave your house if you don't want to. And people will actually listen to what you're saying and you could actually make money from it because you could monetize it on YouTube. It's crazy. Do you think about it? Right? Now I see Instagram is doing a, is allowing videos that are over a minute long. Do you see that? It gets to that. I'm sure they'll probably start monetizing those pretty soon too. Okay, well, which is great. It's good for good for people who don't want to really have to go out and swing a hammer anymore. I have nothing to do with him. He takes the, they use heavy machinery all day long and I can't gain any weight. He's like, how do I gain weight? I'm working eight hours a day, you know, hard labor. This guy's not a young guy. I said, I'm not. So I can't figure out. I said, you're going to have to drink shakes hold it. So I would do. You know, when I used to bounce, I would drink four protein shakes throughout the whole night. I'd be the eight hours. I drink four shakes. Wait, what? What? What? Can't put me two hours every shake? No, I was, I was bouncing. So I would just get go to the bartender and begin the night. I'd give my shakes. I'd say, right here, this is what I need made. I'm going to come over to you every two hours. Have one of these things ready. I'm going to go up it down in three seconds and I'm going to go back to my post. You must have loved being a boxer. I hated it. I hated it because I was so fucking boring. You know what I used to do? I used to practice my post and I was saying, you know, they were saying you should practice the Stan relax, standing relaxed post. You know, who everyone tells you? A standard front of the TV for 20 minutes straight and do it, right? Who the hell has to do that? No one tells it. You know, except the ultra neurotic, maybe a meal of a dozen. I, uh, so when I would bounce, I would try to, I would see how long it can stand in the standing relaxed post, you know, like up here with my, a lats flare, legs, tense, because it's dark. No one sees what you're doing out there. And I'm just standing around twiddling my thumbs for freaking whatever else. Just kick it together into the gym. Yeah, I just did it because I needed money, but I hated bounces. I really didn't like the fight and I felt bad for people. And most most of the people are drunk in their young kids and I'm like, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to beat people off or anything. That's, some of these guys loved it. There's a lot of bounces that are fucking psychotic lunatics that like fucking fighting, you know, of course, I didn't want to get hurt. I remember I had a bounce this day wouldn't let me off work. I got Arthur Scott, Peksterja, I'm my shoulder one year. And I was back bouncing like two days later and I'm like, I can't use the shoulder. I'm gonna fuck it up and there was fights and I was going there with like one arm and pushing people and playing the kid. I'm like, don't get hurt, whatever you do. And at some point eventually I started making up money. I stopped bouncing. I was like, fuck, this is crazy. I'm gonna wind up getting stabbed or something like that. I was a boxer. Hmm. What was your pay as a boxer? About a hundred bucks a night, which was good. I think back then, when you first started out and you're like, you know, in your early 20s, a hundred bucks for the day is fucking phenomenal. This was back in the 90s, you know. Bounce, I would bounce two nights a week. I had making extra $200. I was training people at valleys. I was probably making about three, 400 bucks there a week. I was a training million people. So I was making 600 bucks a week, you know, which was good. That was paying my bills. I was living, I moved back with my dad. And you know, that's how I started for about two years. I did that. And like I said, I was able to really, you know, live the body building lifestyle. So to speak like that. And I was hard work. I would do anything to make money. You know, I was like a hustler. That's what. And I would eat tuna and rice every meal. I would try, yeah, you do the poverty meal. So as my dad would say it. I call it white tuna or the brown tuna. No, I couldn't stay. I couldn't stomach the chunk lighter. And I would get the, I would get the albokora. I'd spend the few extra bucks. They would have these sales at the supermarket where it would be like 99 cents a can. And literally I would go in there and I would buy everything they had. I'd buy 100 cans. And to be at. I'd get 100 cans. And I was eating like like five of them a day, you know, sometimes, you know. The body bills even eat tuna anymore. But I don't know, but tuna because of the college because it costs nothing. Yeah, it's cheap. Do you probably did the chunk lighter if I know you? Yeah, I cheap, cheap Delta the chunk lighter tuna. But I have a recipe, I have a recipe to kill. And you put a little sweet and low in his end, bug rush. Well, I used to, I used to take the chunk lighter tuna. Right. And I used to, I used to mix it in with, uh, puffed wheat cereal and thong pepper and egg whites. So that make a like a giant, make a giant low carb patty out of it. Oh my god, that's for, it's, it probably tastes good, I think. Yeah, or I'd make like, uh, I'd add, uh, Mrs. Dash. Right. So I saw, um, an egg white and like a tablespoon of pancake mix and termed and grilled it into like a burger. Wow, that's, it's very creative. You know, it's funny because, um, you could always tell when someone's using Mrs. Dash because there's so much garlic in there because there's no salt, right? You can smell them a while away. Oh, you're right. Oh, I don't like the steak. I can't. I can't, I'm not laughing at garlic. I'm not laughing at the house anymore. If I eat garlic, I'm not, sometimes I make a mistake. I don't even know this garlic and something. And then, oh, I, I get yelled at because I smell it garlic. Because, but you can use, you can use strawberries and just doubt that. No, you know what, he has the problem. I am, I have a, I'm like a big, port greasy Italian by nature. So Italians, not just Italians, but Greeks, like the Stibba, the greasy, uh, the greasy Italians, and Greeks, we released all the toxins through our pores. So when you eat like garlic or onions, right, you just think it's just comes out of you. It emanates from your soul almost, you know, there's no hiding it. You can't, you can't cover it up, you can shower, you can perfume it. It's not, it doesn't go away until it comes out. I remember once in high school, right before I graduated, like crazy from like a pop, it talked me to go into this party, you know, with all the jocks. And we, we had, they had a drinking contest there. I don't know how I got into it. My, my friend Scott Warden and I got into this drink contest with two football players. We never drank. We didn't drink. But I had this ability to swallow, you know, enormous amounts of fluid. I still didn't. I used to swallow my protein cheese. I just go off in that. And I had literally 24 beers. We outdranked the, I outdranked the football team. Okay. I was no Tories after that. It was one time. But I was, I went home. I had to have someone drive me home. So I was that drunk. And I went to bed. I put me in the bed. I don't remember that being putting me in bed. I woke up the next morning, 12 hours later. I was still drunk. I would never hang over. I was still drunk. And I thought I was that. I thought I had done something very serious to my wife. I obviously had drank so much alcohol that I couldn't even metabolize it in 12 hours. Well, so I, I'm like dad, I fucked up. You know, I'm like I feel terrible. I'm still drunk. I think I killed myself. So my dad being the alcohol that he was, you know, not really alcohol. But the drinker that he was, he knew the symptoms. I think, all right, don't, you got to sweat it out. I said, sweat it out. I said, that sounds like some kind of old cock. I mean, we do. He's like, Italians could sweat, can sweat anything out and tell me. So listen, like, this is my, my dad was very with it. He, he may be drinking like an alcohol cell because the obviously I was done this, I had done this himself before. He had to be drinking alcohol, so which definitely settled my stomach. And then he had me go outside and we went in front of my house. And he had me doing sprints up and down his block, up and back. He said, one more. Well, I never see my dad ever be like a test mess like that. He's doing another one. Back and forth, I'll time you. And I was sweating my ass off because it was so hot outside. And sure enough, within probably like 20 minutes, I completely felt normal. And I was fine. I said, how did you know that would work? He's like, I've unfortunately, I've done it myself a few times. He's like, don't, fuck, it'd be stupid anymore. He's like, I could have killed myself. But luckily in my body, just the Columbus can sweat out alcohol just like we could sweat out. I don't know. Unions. Well, I never remember my father having a cold or being sick. You know why? Whenever he would get the the beginning of like a flu ever. He would drink. No, he'd go to the why. Wait, better. He'd take a bottle of wine, go drink. And then he'd go sit in the sauna at the why for like hours. So funny. But it's the old Italian way of doing it. You know what? The funny thing was, when I would drink the very few times I ever had. I wasn't a big drinker. My, especially when I was a body, but I very, really drink. But when I would drink, it was like, my, any acne that I might have on my skin would disappear. I think the alcohol would come out of my pores at such high concentrations that would kill everything. It was like a disinfect. It was like an internal disinfectant almost in my body. It was like completely clean me out. My skin would be like crystal clear. People would say, why? You look good. You skin looks good. Take me on. Like yeah, yeah, I drink too much last night. I'm not endorsing that. Don't go out drinking if your body was terrible for muscle building, but once in a while you can let loose. All right, Chris, there's a lot of, I thought we had nothing to talk about. I could probably do a lot of chatting today. There was some interesting videos that I do this past week. I did a video on preventing hair loss. You might want to check that out on the site. That's not her fresh, and you might. Did you take up? I did a video on that new. I don't, I did. Have you seen that, White House chef, Andre Rush, this guy, he's 1224 jobs, Ben's press the 700 pounds. No, I've seen him. He was in the military. You go watch the video I did on him. He's in his 40s. He's 45 years old. He's huge. He claims he can bench press raw 700 pounds. I believe it. I believe it. Because it's not a boss and the audience. So many things. He says he's natural too, but that could be some of the news and loses White House job, but Trump wouldn't care anyway. No, of course not. But he served like four presidents, this is something like that. Wow. You should have a mother shell. I know. I got a regional comment. Right, you'll ask him a question about Dana Ballet. I won't. I believe he's like a Rani Coleman. The fuck guy probably is natural. He's not like he's ripped or anything like that. He's just just big. It's stocky. He's like a Mark Henry. Yeah. He's got like a physical his. Just think about Rani when Rani was natural. If Rani would have been like 30 pounds heavier, because Rani was ripped when he was natural. He was like fat, big. He would have looked enormous. People would have definitely thought he was on gear. Oh yeah. I thought people thought he was on gear. I self included when he was winning one of the world damage championships. If you look at those pictures, you would bet your life that he was on gear. That's how good he was. He wasn't. He wasn't. Because Rani is not afraid to tell the truth. I mean, he just wasn't taking anything. He didn't know about it. He didn't need it. Really, he's really what it amounts to. I also did a video on thyroid hormone. There's a lot of people always think that when you take growth hormone that you need to take thyroid hormone, and that's not true. So you might want to check that out. Yeah, I'll check that out. And of course, the chi green video. I did we talked about that a little earlier. And someone asked me a question on asked David's past week on why did Nasterie Diceo? I was talking about that a lot of times. I did a lot of rants this past week, because we didn't have that many guests on the show. People seemed to like the rants better. I was in a ranting mood. We'll see. We'll see what I feel this week. But Chris, that's it. We're out of time. Until next week, remember with heavy muscle radio that truth hurts. Good night, everyone.