Dave Palombo here with an RX muscle special report news update on here with Lee Priest and Lee it seems like you have an uncanny ability to move the public in ways that can only be described as irritating I guess you could say. I move them like your fiber lies day. That's right. Get a plug in if you're fiber lies. You heard I got I did you hear about my colonoscopy? Did you watch my video? I have a watch to it and I was going to ask about that. I'm clean. I got nothing. I got a clean one. Did they put you out? Did you say I don't want to go out? I want to feel it. I want to feel it. No, I see it. I was that right. Just get that chewed. The best part of the whole, the worst part of the procedure is drinking that stuff. You got to drink in the interview. Boopy braids. But that's what you can eat. No, that's the variance of that. The stuff is it's like basically you mix it with like gay to rate and it tastes like it basically tastes like gay to rate. I was just chugging it down. I didn't even everyone just had it to taste. I never tasted it. I just poured it down my throat. After a while, so it's making it pooped. After a while, the nothing comes out. You're just like a quarter coming out of here. I'm on the bringing into the room. You're going to go to sleep now. They start pushing the stuff. The pro-puffle, the Michael Jackson stuff. And within literally like 10 seconds, and it's great. I love the feeling, all I can remember is the feeling right before I went to sleep. I knew I was going to fall asleep instantly because I didn't have fast-set support. But she's like, all right, now we're going to put you to sleep. I said, I said, be gentle. I'm not even asking the last thing. I said, I'm out. And next thing I know, I woke up in the recovery room. So. You felt like one of you, it caused me to victims. They. What if the life was going to go? Could it be worse, as you do is an off-be-heat-heat voice? And I would die. Yeah. Yeah. We're going to get a chance to sleep. Yeah. See, as you fight on all the block. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I don't have to tell you story. I was when I was, I had just left medical school. I just dropped out. I still had my help insurance through the medical school. And I needed an orthoscopic shoulder surgery. So there was a doctor who worked with the medical school. They gave you like all kinds of like, you know, good deals. Like, if you have your health insurance through them. So it wasn't really costing me anything. So, but I was, I had it done at the same hospital that I had went to, I had got the medical school at. And so I'm, they're rolling me into the operating room. And all of a sudden, I see this kid who used to live with me. He was one of our roommates. He was the dumbest kid of all time. And I was like, what? I said, how? How has it? What are you doing here? By the way, he's a doctor now, too. What are you doing here? He's like, I'm assisting on the surgery. I said, oh, no, you're not. You guys now put me out with him in this room. I made such a mistake. They had a big, they would live in. I said, all right, look, he was just more in the room. I don't want to make any of this, like, he's a jinx. I said, I, everything will go wrong. We'll make back out. Yeah, I was, I was not going in there with him assisting doing anything. Even though he probably was just watching. I said, I don't want him in the room. Do you like my walking, Phoenix hoodie? How is that, is that what that is? I look, look, come to it for built in mask. Look. Oh, yeah, so that on your Instagram, that is pretty freaking cool. Where do you get these things? Where do you buy these out? I walk around the shopping center like this, scaring little kids. Here they just think, here they just think it's the joke who sells out. They're going to be like, oh, fucking John Wayne Gacy's back. Why are you living a boy? Why are you running a lolly? Yeah, that's right. That's right. Lee, Lee being a clown again. Yes, I am. That's right. Now for you, it's, this is Sunday afternoon for me. It's like, you know, midnight on Saturday night. So people might be wondering why we're doing this video, but maybe they're not wondering. And so you started a go-funbie Santa. Well, I did. Yeah. Well, it's really same as fitness ID because whenever I got a lot. You always play a Sam. It's always Sam's fitness. Well, it was easy. I did because he said, look, because he asked me about doing a comeback and I said, well, I've really got nothing to prove. You know, you got nothing to prove. I competed everywhere. I've done this. I've done this. I've done that. I said, well, look, and plus to get ready for it. I'd still need the operation and then this stem cell. And then the contest, prep us a look. If the fans really wanted to see it, why don't they donate to it? And then I'll do it because I'm a figure. Well, fuck, if the fans donate, whoever it's a dollar or a hundred or whatever, now I feel the pressure like fuck that given money. I bet it getting fucking shapes. I don't have the things down. So that would be my motivation. You almost have that. It's actually, it's actually, and it's just how they funded it. So I just know what's the, what happens to go ahead. So we put that up and then you put it up and let me tell you day. Well, the comments I've never had so much fun in my life reading the comments. Let me tell you. You love this. Tell him that tell him the fuck off. You never give your kid with cancer and him for his and his flesh. You can give to a kid with cancer and not me. But don't just say it on there. I'd rather give do a family that needs it. Don't give do a family that needs it. Don't just talk shit on there. The thing is, it's go for me. Now once for you listen, Donald Trump's not taking five dollars out of your way to every weekend given to me. See, you can get mad and blame Donald Trump. I've seen things on go for me where the girl wants a new car, new lips, new boobies. Somebody wants a holiday and people give money to it. I look at that and go, how fucking stupid. But if someone wants to give money, give money. I didn't. I just scroll on by, but I don't comment on it. But on your page, Dave Nick Trigeli, there's a name we haven't heard for a long time. Yeah, what Nick really was our reason for this. Ah, like he's never fucking rip people off with doing shitty stuff. Ours fucking life. It's like then he puts on my stuff. You're a career failure. You're a career failure. Do you know what? When it comes to Nick, I don't know what failed worst. He's fucking career. I was in turn, all organs. What the fuck? It's like, I can't believe you're doing this. It's like, hey, now, once forcing you to fucking donate. Sell your fucking Maserite if you need money to fucking there. It's like, 100,000. It's like, there's 100,000. I know a doctor that could do it for free in a half. You know what you get for three and a half. You know what you get for three and a half. You're pretty crippled for the rest of your life, bro. Is it in a little room at the back of Costco, Dave? Just go out and see. That's the thing. The one I'm talking to is like a guy, but it's done in China. So he's like one of the best ones out there. And you got to figure, to get stem. When everyone was looking at it when I was in the state, say one and me to stay there for at least a month and a half. We do it properly doing Jack job. See how it goes and then every week or so do more. So you got to figure, they don't do stem cell here in a straight. Oh, you got me to carry a free. Thank you, be the neighbor. I didn't they give you the name of some guy in Mexico said he would do you stem cells for free? No, you haven't. I got a guy. Yeah. But the stem cell was caught in the market. There we go. Look, Donald trust and all that. The stem cell itself is closer to 40,000 American which here in a 100. Where's got a hundred thousand. You have to understand the hundred thousand Australian is only sixty nine thousand. You know, and thousand dollars American. So you know, with the exchange rate, that's what it is. So the thing over there is like 40,000, you think a month and a half accommodation. Then you got food, you got airline travel coming home. I go business. So my next not fucked up in a economy class. So it all adds up and then you want to come back. Well, you know, grow hormones going to cost me a lot of money. Yeah, I would do. You don't use GH so, but you're going to need it this time. I would've driven it that neck. You know, you're in a, here in Australia, 100 are you a growth hormone. And you're going to have to get a full mind of cheap. You shouldn't get it for was probably six to $800. That's right. And it's probably not even real. Let me just tell us to these people something first because you know what? Look at these political candidates. They raised tons of money, right? To get it reelected. Then I using their own money. They get people to donate money. Okay. And they don't Donald Trump doesn't need money. And he's got no billions, right? So, but he gets these people to donate to the election campaign so that he can run ads. And he can, you know, do whatever he's got to do commercials to try to get elected. So, I mean, you're like a public figure. So, I mean, why should you fund your own comeback? So, if the fans want to see you, quote elected, you know, or, you know, exactly, stage, then they're going to fund their fund. If they don't want today won't fund it. Obviously, you know, I think you're up to, uh, you're up to almost 2, 100 bucks now. Oh, we've almost got the AFN. Yeah, you know, so, it's like, it's like, it's like I say the people. These people, I don't get it. You know, when I'm going to shopping center, you walk past someone, hey, can I ask you a question? Do you want to donate to the pain to me or whatever the fuck? They're everywhere. But people wanting money. How do you want to give the breast cancer? I just might be seeing no one move on. I don't go carry on about it. But somebody's fucking snowflake retard that a comment on Rx, God, I fucking love him. They did give me great joy. I've been going back and forth with Nick because Nick, like I said, whatever happened to that career, it never really started. But, you know, I was even watching somebody other videos. Well, because I figured out all of that, Nick really, when I looked at him on YouTube, I'm like, there's so many people doing videos about him that discourage him. I remember you did one of our, because he talked shit about you for once a day. And then there was other people called him out, then he's doing this. Even how Mike Greg do shit did a video of anyone who Nicholas complaining about how much he charged for training people and then Greg Greg showed the text messages before that when Nick was saying we should collaborate and do some shows together. I think it would be awesome. There's a guy that, you know, when you talk about steroid body, I haven't taken steroids now for a while, I still got muscle pillage still getting the gym. I'm not sure if Nick trains or not, but how do fuck do you look like that? That's like he doesn't look at anymore. Yeah, no, I actually made peace with him. I have no problems with him. But he like, yeah, well, look, what he does is, like, with one of these guys do, is they take a, some kind of a topic that's going on in our body building world that has a polarizing effect. Obviously, you're the probably the most polarizing person I know. And then they'll do videos on it because they know they'll get hits on that. So traffic on there on their channel. I'm sure this is the only one. I'm sure this week, you'll have everyone on Nick's strength and power. You'll have, um, we're all like a shit. You'll have the whole crew doing that. The money they get, the money they get from the abuse and their advertisement, they can give it to the go family, because they just don't even get it. Yeah, that'll be 10% of what they make while for the commenting on you. We're really next. I look at next YouTube thing. And I think the most views one of these video had was a thousand people. Most of them are under 400. So we're not getting much, we're not getting much, we're not getting much from. But do you sat in those, I think, guys, you'll get money from. I want to just, I doubt the life that every person, how can he ask to money in a time like this when people are out of work and COVID? Well, if you haven't got money and you don't like me, then they don't. They don't. They don't. This is the whole thing. I'm not forcing anybody, I'm not forcing anyone's hand like they said. To give money, you can, I'll just, you just, what you do, you read what they've put up. All is going to go family page. Fuck him, you know what, he's something you're going to try. Scroll on by. Go to the next story. No, I've got to comment on this. Fuck him. I've read it all. I've read it all lately. That fucking has been never was blah blah. And then I just got to click there. I got to click on the, I got to click on the profile picture. And I swear to God, whatever money I get, I got to give back to somebody's people because it came out for me, somebody's fuck is it gone through. It's worse than my fucking neck because the way they look, they couldn't look like that naturally. They got to have a little less of a wasting, less of a wasting disease. But it's been so funny. I've been laughing my hair off at the comments and then I stir him up. I go in and put L.O.L or if I can get them gone. What's L.O.L mean? You know, you're big, begging for money. I guess, I see one of the comments was you're abusing the, the, the, the go-fun me. Oh, no, it's over down that before. Yeah. I'm sure go find me really. I'm sure they're thrilled that you're, you're, you're doing a go-fun me. Because even what they make in percentage, something. I don't even know how it works. It's not even linked to my bank accounts. I wouldn't even know. But this is what a topic was. It's just even stir them up more. Because I know how a lot of people hate the police. I said, if I don't get enough money for the operation and stuff, what do you get? I'm going to give half the veterans and the other half the police, you know, police, you know, police, families of four-way officers. So those ones are saying, I hate the fucking cops. Right. That's what that's where I have to be. You're making down. Well, you know, you should, I think we should have done this. I can leave it there. I know you can leave it there. And if in 90 days, if you don't touch the money, within 90 days, they tell me, or think, tell me, in 90 days, if we don't take it out, it gets all, gets to refund the daughter people who gave. I think what you should, you should have done, as you should have told people, hey, look, I'm getting a sex change. I decided, Bruce Jenner and I, excuse me, Caitlin Jenner and I had a conversation. And you know what I think it's a good idea. You know how I like to do crazy things, I like to get tattoos. I think I'm going to try the sex change thing now. But I just didn't expect some operation. I want to see if the fans want to fund it. And what you couldn't do is you have to collect all the money. I'm going to buy bodies. And because of my bodies, that's your feet now. I think I'll fit better than the female classes. Yeah, you can get a breast implants and you can get like, you know, the voice thing that, but what could it happen is after you raised all the money, you could have said, you know what, I change my mind. I think I'm going to compete. Is anyone mind if I use the money for compete? That's how you should have angle. Oh no. I instead of getting the operation, I decide to buy it new Bentley because the seats are so count. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. Yeah, the truth is that yeah, and I don't know. I don't know. I'm just speculating here, but might might might might, my intuition is telling me that you really could give a shit if you ever competed again. But if enough people were interested in you competing and wanted it raise the money, I think you would do it. I would. Just for that reason. And then like I said, and once they've paid with us, to me, it doesn't matter if someone's working hard and in order to go, let this a dollar to donate to me. Right. I would train just as hard for that guy to donate one dollar. And then if someone had paid the someone that donated a thousand dollars, because he's given what he can. And if that's what it means, it's like, like I said, I'd have all that pressure. But all these people have donated and they want to see me come back. I'd have to get in shape where I said, if I want to do it for me, you know how you do that up and down. Yeah, I'm going to do the show next week. Can't be bothered next week. You're going to do it next week. You can't. There you go. You're like, fuck, you've got to come out and show these people who stood behind you and give them money. So yeah, but all these people going on, I fucking love it. There you go. I know you love it. You have a, we like, like, with the fake weeds we talked about last week. You love that too. I know you did. I, Nick, Nick put something up again the other day. I did see it. Come back and go. Why would lead to this? He said it was real and stuff. I'm going to tell you why, okay. Let's just say I had a news story, right? Fucking great news story. Where am I going to go? I'm going to go to KT, 2GB, Illinois, July wet or whatever. I'm fucking some bum fuck Illinois news station or I'm going to fucking take the news. Sorry, I'm going to fucking take the news story to fucking Foxy and end of that. You're going to go to the main one that gets the main views. And as I said, okay, Nick, I played a little trick and you could have done your homework. You would have seen all the other videos that were still on scenes. I'm using the fake weights. Like I said, there's one video there. I got the red one, which is meant to be 25 and another one and a 10. And I'm doing reverse curls going into fucking military press. It's far bill curls. That would have been what? 50, 100 kilos. 110 kilos. Doing reverse curls in the military press. I don't know if I'm going to go to the public or because no one called on that they were fake then. The fucking videos went in and I weren't hidden. Hey, Kenny, Kenny, KL, crack the case. So let's see. You got to get him credit. If he was on the Iran when Jack the Ripper was in the car. Yeah, he was in the car. You want to see the C-mail. I got to send you the C-mail that I think, who, I'm not sure it was the guy that cracked it for Kenny. He wrote these big email to some of this. I mean, it's a fucking, it's one of these. Oh, really? Who wrote that? I think if I still got all four to two here, but then he wrote back again and then again, you're irrelevant, Lee, and he keeps going on in this and that and you do this and now I've got to take some drugs and this and that my depression and it's going on. I would say that one of the people who emails me on a regular. I have at least like 10 people that always email me and like to put me down and say all these hard and I love it. I think it's hysterical funny. But don't you love it. It's the ones even like on the RX where you posted this go funny. The ones who say on the most, he's irrelevant. Why do you watch you for? They write the most shit. Why you even comment, you've only relevant and I mean nothing to you. Yeah. As I said, fucking just go down, scroll down to the next story. Whatever Dave's got up there all. You know, you have so many fans. You have to have hundreds of thousands of fans. I imagine if like if one out of every 10 gave like five bucks, which is like lunch money, you would raise that money really quickly. I suspect you probably will. The funny thing is I want I would I would I'm going to donate just because I want to see if you if you actually compete. Oh, Dave. You might not make in the comeback. You're going to be my fucking guru. There you go. Oh, I'll do it. You know, I'll do it. You know, I'll do it. You know, I'll do it. You know, I'll do it. You know, I'll do it. You know, I'll do it. You know, I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. You know, it that'll be my contribution. I'll do it for free. Exactly. That's the plane. That's going to be the guru. One last shot for Dave. Wow. We pre-stay public. It sounds like like a like a vice president presidential ticket. It does. Yeah. That's what you think. I've seen make some posters. Yes, some posters. We're black movement sponsors. Oh, my. I want to sign you to one last contract. I believe in the company. Maybe he'll donate some money to this. You know, I saw a donate 300 bucks already. Right. One person. Yeah. Yeah. You got a 200. You have a 200 all donation too. I noticed. Was that from my mother? Yeah. I think they didn't like get a flying stopster and people off. Yeah. I think the Nick was the best one. He just kept going on. I think you should donate. Yeah. I mean, you just give gift 10 bucks. Let me have that body building career again that you never had. That's all. That's right. And the thing is Nick's Nick's Nick said he's actually going to do a podcast on it. So yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That was the plug to get the hits on the. Yeah. Did you see the thing is so not many people knew who Nick trilogy trilogy trilogy or whatever. It's like a Nick trilogy. No one. No one ever knew who he what? Like the demand or the amount of like interaction he's had in that. One Fred that you posted. He never had that much interaction. His whole body building career. That's the most fucking interaction he's had with things. His whole fucking life. That's incredible. Nick, you're welcome for your life. Thank you very much. There you go. So I make people. I make not I'm already famous still people go who is this guy because they say who is he. I then I get the. What's he going to do with the money by some growth hormone so he can be bigger than five foot four to tattooed face. Oh, that's right. He had the tattoo taken off. He had to put back on and I've never heard the hide on the tattoo. People. I see that I see my friend Armand de Dibi was about rage. So he was posting like his average. Who's that? He's a valuable material. He's a he's a he's a. Someone on there that sells steak some steak man to here's that. What did he say? What's he doing this for? Began for money. I should give the kids with cancer or something. I think I see my friend Steve Baron wrote a big thing don't get me sent he needs to get a job and earn his money. I don't they know you actually make money. You just don't want to spend your money on this comeback. And you want to spend it. That's called being a business man. I have a job. I have a look at your job. Back in the day back in the day black. But we're to finance the comeback. He wouldn't give you a. You're a. Contract there's no magazine contracts. You got to go. You got to go. You got to go. You got to hustle mate always hustling. That's right. It's a she's all she's all my life. Look, if it'll make people happy. Leave will donate a pair of is used underwear. If you spot if you spot if you don't have $200 or more, you'll. Well, if you don't have $200 or more, you'll. You're a big. You're a Nick or Nick said I should do that. Nick said he used to sell his own posing trunks. That's what's funny. Nick my I told Nick that my body building career was that good. I'd never had to do that. So I don't know what it's like to be at that end of the field where you got to sell your posing. So you're posing trunks or. I think you can. I can drug money. I look, I think that you should offer up at least a pair of your underwear for $250 bucks or more. I'll be. You got to give these guys. We're now. We're now in Nick or buy them. Oh, that's what it means. You know what will happen. There'll be some entrepreneur. He'll be he'll be buying your. You'll be donated to 200 bucks to get your underwear. And then they'll be selling him on eBay for 500 bucks. He'll be selling him on Elon Musk might donate. Test. Yeah. That's right. But, you know, Nick, Nick, if you want my posing trunks, I'll give them to you for free. I'll give you the page that I wore at the Olympia de Arna Classic. Whatever show you're never in. When that's all of them. I'll give you a pair of trunks from every show I was in that you never did. Well, it's hard. So it's it is just to authenticate people. This is a legitimate you posted this. This is definitely something that you're behind. It's not someone playing a joke on you. So this is if people want to donate your series of you if they donate and you raise the money, you're going to do the comeback. Because that's the idea. Yeah. Yeah. Like I said, that would give me motivation. Does it have to be 100 grand? Or what's the what's the what's what do you need? What's the threshold we have to cross here. Do you do the show? Well, you have to remember a hundred grand. That's a Australian, but you need at least. Because that was including the comeback. I got a drugs and that as well. Right. That's just how we got the operation, just the neck operation. Right. And the stem cell and just covering the time overseas doing that. You'd need a in a Australian dollars. You'd still need. What would be roughly 60,000. American for that. I said that would still be. I think this is in I think this is in US dollars. No, it looks like it is. I don't know. Maybe I'm wrong. Yeah, that 100 to 1000 is a Australian dollar. Because that would be roughly. Well, how much how much US dollars you won with will 50,000. Cut it. Yeah, 50, 50 would. Because that's your almost there. You got 40, 47 more. You're not far now. Then you're only been up for how many days, two days, three days. People remember you say give to the kids with cancer. There's no saving. They're me, then Jesus can't help him. Give to me. I'll do it for them. God will. God will help me win. And through God. I shall win the show. I'll give you a little angel to heaven where he needs little angels. Think of the entertainment aspect of this. If we actually does the come back, come on guys. Think of the entertainment. I'm excited. I want to see it happen now. Now I want to see it happen. Think of the entertainment if I do it in failed. They can all go. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I'll put it up. Yes. Let me go. Okay. I can the car. You have a wonder how I hit these scars. I don't know. I hear it is. If you guys, uh, oh, I'm going to pull it up again just to annoy you. Yeah, just to annoy you. There it is. We praise that operation. Stem cell. He wants, uh, he needs money. Donate. And we might see Lee back on stage if we can get to that threshold. 50,000 mark. Look at me. I'm like a bacon. People go, what's he paying for? He needs this silly stuff. What is he doing? Who took that picture? Yes, it is. That's David Paul in the big warehouse downtown. Just before the police come along. Yeah. Yeah, that was always the case. I don't think there was a single time that he didn't get almost the rest of the time to shut the key. Keep out. No entry. He resting. He's too. Cross the good. Another guy. I still think of his place. I still loved the living that place. He had that old church. Oh, I know. He did up there. I don't know. I wonder if his brother got it. Peter. I wonder who's in there now. I don't know. That's beautiful. Wasn't it? Yeah. The ceiling is the floor. Yeah. He read it a whole church. That was great. And he turned it into like a tavern and old looking tavern, old authentic. He did all the woodwork and himself. He built all the furniture in there himself. Pretty cool. Pretty talented guy. Can you imagine maybe living in an old church? Yeah, you go. He preached in the church. Maybe you should go. Maybe you should go. Maybe you should move to Vermont and take over the. Well, I think it'll maybe I'm an old dying minister. Maybe I should start a church. Tests for money, cheating. The government out of his taxes. There's we again try to get a free ride. And then we can't do it. I'm with engine to get blow jobs. He had a boy come behind the pulpit. Put on my. You just blew what you people already don't eat. You just blew it again. You always have to blow it. Right at the end. Why? Why you got to say the word blew it when I mentioned blow. Boy yeah. All right. I'm going to stop because you're going to lose all your funding right now. I'm trying to keep you politically correct. So you can get your funding for your operation. something for your operation that you come back. All right, if you want to donate to Lee, you go to that go-fund me page. You can look them up, I leave. I want to hide this one. Nick, the hide this one. Love you all. Don't eat, look. Everyone out there was watching this condo in eight five bucks. It's like lunch money. Come on. Let's see what we can raise for this guy. I don't think that Lee will squander. I think he will use it to get his next fix and to get himself back. I think you really do want to keep you. I know you make jokes about it, but I really think that deep down, you have the desire to get back on stage. Well, I would fit a thing because like I said, when I did the universe, I took 4, 2014 off just to promote and have it in 2015, I was going to do the world's one. The accident happened. So it was almost like, yes, I could say I'm happy now and retiring and stuff. But it's almost like when you finish, you like to go out on your terms, not because of an accident or because of something forced you out. So. Yeah. Keep putting that up, Dave. That fucking annoys the hell. Yeah, I know. There's something up there. All right, guys. Look, we're going to. For money. I got to wrap this up because it's late. My kids are up in their, their, their screaming. So Lee, good luck on the, on the campaign trail. No, probably screaming. Don't give him any money. Dad, that's a money dad. Give him money. Like in my son's, they'll give you, give you some play though, donate to the cause. You know, so he can make me a whole doll. If he makes me a whole doll or a play, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll. I'll. All right, guys, that, that's going to be it for today. This is day, Palauma with Lee, priest for another RX muscle news update. Thank you. Good. Thanks, Luke. All right, that shouldn't annoy the fuck out of the house. Oh, it's gonna really.