Welcome back to Muscle in the morning on Dave Palamo and today is Thursday August 9th, 2018. And let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Not to get too intellectually deep to start the week, but there is a philosophical principle called the butterfly effect, which basically says that the things you do here and now have major wide reaching implications down the road. Considering that his road to the Olympia stage runs out of real estate, in less than two months now, I'm sure that four time at Men's Physic Olympia champ, but Jeremy Wain Diaz is paying real close attention to the things he's doing right now. Everyone I've talked to tells me that the champ is coming into this year's contest with an underdog mentality, which is probably exactly what he needs considering the fact that he's still on the rebound from surgery earlier this year. But if he adds a fifth consecutive title to his resume this year, sooner or later it's going to be time for us to open the discussion about where he ranks all time in the pantheon of bodybuilding's greatest champions regardless of division. Another thing about wounded animals is that the smell of blood always attracts predators, and right now in Men's Physic, I think they see a wolf lurking out there in the distance that goes by the name of Jeremy Poppin, the two-time top five Olympian has essentially been a forgotten man in this year's Men's Physic mix, thanks to sitting out the entire first half of the season, but this week some new progress photos began to trickle out, and I'm sure I made a whole lot of people stop and do a double take. We've seen him have it all working in the past, this guy's physique is on par with the most elite talents in the division, so now that he's had an almost entire year of work on reloading the arsenal, let's see if he can come back and be a serious title contender. Now with the San Antonio spurs, finally sent Kawi Leonard packing, there's a huge sports superstar hole left to fill down there in the great state of Texas, and on the offhand chance that spurs GM RC Buford is watching this, let me be the first guy to say, give Steve Kouklo a contract, that man can sell some tickets. Need deep in the heart of his Olympia prep, the biggest thing to hit Texas since Hurricane Maria doesn't appear to be showing any signs of slowing down, even though it's been a relatively low key middle of the season for him, let's not forget how incredible this guy was throughout the whole first half of the schedule, because that version of Steve Kouklo is a beast in every sense of the word, and that beast shows up hungry and ready to eat in Las Vegas eight weeks from now, there are going to be a whole lot of people out there running in ducking for cover. The good news on the IFB counter heading into last weekend's monster event that went down in Tampa was where two 12 fans had a chance to see veteran rixio topia make stop number two when it's 2018 campaign. Over the weekend we got some new video from our sources inside the topia camp, who gave us a sneak peek at how he's managing his rebound strategy after putting on one of the best performance of his pro career. According to Topia and his team, the goal heading down the mid-summer stretch is to do whatever it takes to make it back to the Olympia stage in 2019. A place they haven't been since the start of the Flex Lewis era back in 2011, so if they can show up with his conditioning spot on and be ready to make the judges work, I don't see why he can't find a way to find his old impressive Olivia Form. I have a new fan of stand-up comedy for a long time now, and I tell you first-hand there's nothing quite like being in a room when a comeback is on stage completely crushing it. But the new updates I saw from William Bonack over the weekend are pretty close. One of the scariest men in bodybuilding is looking more and more dangerous by the day now, which tells me how bad he wants to be the man to interrupt King Phil's date with Destiny this year. At this point, I think we can all pretty much agree that outside of it really winkler, there hasn't been anyone in men's open who has been as good as this guy over the last 12 months. So Phil slips up and leaves that door open even a crack. It could be all a guy like Bonack needs to come blasting through and what would be one of the biggest upsets of all time. And that's the end of another edition of Muscle in the Morning. On day, Phil Lamo reminding you to always be true to your passion, and they sort of follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.