We're going to be launching the tasty pastry for the low-car caulk tart. We've got three and four grams of neck carbs and we love to show. This is our best place to be in LA. Welcome back to Legendary Foods, muscle in the morning. I'm Dave Palombo and today is Monday, August 16th, 2021. Let's find out what's going on in the world of bodybuilding and fitness. Welcome back ladies and gentlemen, it's Monday and we're back and better than ever and ready to bring you another week. Fill with great content, starting with this brand new update from 25 year old rookie, Vlad Sucaruco. Vlad placed fourth in his debut at the Portugal Pro a few weeks ago and now the goal heading into Spain is to showcase the work he did between now and then with the hope of it being good enough to land him a spot in the top three. At the moment the line up in Spain looks like it's going to be pretty solid on paper, especially at the top end of the men's open. But if he comes in as good as they say he will, being able to slide into that three through number five range might be Justin's wheelhouse. As of this week I think that makes us six weeks out now from the Arnold Classic and just in case you were wondering whether or not William Bonac will be ready to defend his title allow me to make this real simple for you. The answer is yes. A few days ago William's team released a photo that they said was three weeks old and even in that one small window you can see how he's really starting to hit his stride. The William was starting to see now looks like the guy who went out and dominated in last year's win and that guy is in anyone else in this year's lineup who couldn't get a handle on. And in the last few years when he's been competing at the Arnold and the Olympia he never really had much of an off season that led his body rest and make improvements. So you have to wonder now that he was able to get that rest and that he can training grow into both shows like we're seeing now. Well, is that sort of schedule work to his benefit because if it does he's going to be a hard man to come in and become October. As the old saying goes, the devil is in the details and as luck would have it sweating the details just so happens to be one of Patrick Moore's strengths at the moment. Over the last week or so Patrick released two or three new updates detailing some of the work he's done to get better from the back during his latest phase of his Olympia prep which he says is in part his strategy to help him showcase his strengths when he's on stage. If you go back and look at the package he brought into win the Cal Pro earlier this year and compare that to where he is now. You can get a pretty clear sense of how strategic his approach really is. He goes into every show looking to execute a plan and when it all goes right the results speak for themselves and if that's the way it plays out over the next eight or nine weeks I'll put himself in a great position to compete for a top 10 slot. When you live in our world being able to say that you outgrow your clothes is almost like a badge of honor but being able to say you're outgrowing the machines in the gym the way a king Williams has can't even be considered a badge of honor because if you're doing that it means you're on a level beyond any sort of bad recognition. A king six weeks out from making his second appearance of the season at the Arnold Classic and everything that we've heard from his camp so far leads you to think that he'll be even better there than he was when he won the Puerto Rico pro earlier this year which is saying something considering the fact that Puerto Rico was the best that he's ever looked no matter how you look at it a king is at the point now where he's universally considered to be one of the top six body builders on a planet and when you're already operating on an elite level like that any small improvement that you make could be enough to put you into title contention. And that does it to yet another edition of Muscle in the Morning on Day Palombo reminding you to always be true to your passions and make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.