Day for Lumber with another RX Muscle Rank brought to you by RedCon1, visit RedCon1.com. Alright, today's topic is how do you shoot and why isn't it going to be if the Mr. Olivia competition this year? One of the most talented new competitors in our 212 division, he proved himself last year, really pushing flex lowest to the limit in Korea. A lot of people thought he should have won there. I mean, but this year, if you look at Heidi Schouppen, he just competed at the IFB Portugal Pro, he dominated that competition, he easily won it, even though Nick was fully pushed him a little bit. He brought probably the best look we've ever seen from him ever in his career. He's got more muscle for square in any other 212 guy up there. He's got some classic poses, he's got the vacuum pose, he's got probably the biggest legs in the division, he knows how to raise the weight of the biggest legs in the division for many, many years. This guy is huge. He's got all the wild fact, he kind of reminds me of a Momo Benzese from years past. And this is a guy that has all the workings of tremendous excitement in this division. He has the ability to raise up to 212 to another level. He's a guy that we didn't see coming because he was competing and I ran for many, many years as an amateur. Now we finally want to see him up there on that Olympia stage at his best, next to Flex Lewis and guess why? He can't do it. Why? Because he can't get a freaking visa to come to the United States. Look. I'm all for keeping bad people out of this country. I don't want terrorists in this country as much as the next guy does. But when you talk about the elite level athlete, okay, that is a political as far as I'm concerned, athletes don't give a crap about what's going on politically. They want to compete for this, because that's what their passion is, that's what they love to do. This guy has worked his entire life for this moment to be able to stand on that Olympia stage against the best in the world in the 2012 division and he can't even get a freaking ticket to the United States. It's a sad sentiment and it's a sad statement about where we're at politically in this country that we can't allow someone to piss caliber, okay, athlete to come into this country. Look, I know, look, when I do radio shows and I do these rants, everyone from every walk of life out there who watches these rants. If there's anyone who has any political pole or any way to get visas for people or anyone who knows anyone in immigration or anyone out there who can help this freaking guy get to the Olympia. Please reach out to me. I'll find the way to get in touch with this guy and make it happen. This guy got to be someone out there who can go to back to get this guy and the Olympia lineup. If you look at him at the Portugal pro when he's posing down and getting to Nicholas Voliatti, there's another terrific talent. This kid's gonna all snap. These two guys are gonna be the future of the 2012 class. You can watch them in the video that we have up there posing down against each other. Look at the excitement level in Portugal. We're seeing from these two guys. You can't believe what you're watching. Don't you want to see this on the Olympia stage? Look at these guys. They're just their little monsters. This is the future of our division. Unfortunately, one of the best will never be able to come to the Olympia and compete. That's a sad statement. I don't know if it's got to be on Shwastonaga that does it or it's got to be someone with a little more clout than the average Joe on the street. Someone's got to be able to get this guy at these at the country. I'm challenging you guys out there. I know there's plenty of body going fans that probably have connections with you. You wires, immigration people, something. Get Heidi Shwopen in the 2018 Olympia. For God's sake, this is the last year Flex Lewis is doing it. I want to see a hotie-suped Flex Lewis show down in Vegas, come September. That's what the fans want. That's what Heidi Shwopen wants. And I know Flex Lewis, he wants the best to the best to go out on top saying, I beat them all. And so someone out there can make it happen. I know you're watching right now, contact me, contact Shahadi. Whatever we got to do to make this thing happen, because bodybuilding's about the best of the best. That's what the Mr. Olympia is all about. That's what Joe we'd have created the Mr. Olympia about. We want to see hotie-suped against Flex Lewis. I want to see it. The question is who will win? Will we ever know? I don't know. For now, let's see if anyone steps up to the plate and makes it happen. One day, pull them both with another, or X muscle ran. See you next time.