Day Palomo here with a very special Ask Dave Special Addendum. This is two extra questions that we didn't get to during the Ask Dave TV show this past week because my producer left early on vacation. So I'm going to give you guys an extra little video, I guess with these two questions. They asked these come from the day Palomo experience, which is the day Palomo experience app that you can subscribe to on iTunes or Android store. It's $29 a month. You get access to all my videos that I've ever done, all my writings that I've ever done. You do a Q&A video every week exclusively for the app and I answer all your questions on the app in a public forum. So you see everyone's questions and everyone's answers. It's a good learning tool. We also put up a workout every single week. So if you want to vary up your workouts, you can kind of pick one of those workouts and do them every week. If it's kind of like having your own little personal day Palomo coach in your pocket. So I think a lot of people really have enjoyed it. We have a very good membership. It's always growing and I think for most people who maybe can't afford coaching and even the people who do coaching with me or with other people they subscribe to the app for the information. If you want to continually increase your education, your knowledge and the sport, this is a great app for you. So let's get to these questions. These are two questions that we're asked on the app. I'm an answer of here. Hey, day 42 years old now and noticing that the last I eat, the better I look, is this common? Well, I think we all want to be, you know, in our, the back of our heads like Mr. Olympia, like bodybuilders when we get out there, we want to put on as much muscle as possible. And a lot of times, a lot of us just eat too much food. I had mentioned this in a previous Q&A I did for the app. And the problem with that is that if you're 100, you know, when I was 300 pounds or 250 pounds, I needed, you know, 350, 400 grams of protein a day. And if I ate that today, probably I couldn't even get it all down. But if I did, I probably wouldn't be that. Even though I have a fast metabolism, I would put on some muscle sure, but I would probably be very bloated. Maybe my, my kidney function would be high because I'm just overwhelming my body with too much protein. I wouldn't feel good. And that's because I don't need that much protein anymore, because I only weigh 1,850, 90 pounds. So you have to understand, you have to cater your diet for what your goals are and who you are right now, not what you are when you were 22 years old. So you're 42 now. You probably just don't need as much food. And when you're trying to force all this extra food on your body, it's just, it's laying down extra body fat or it's making you feel bloated or you're just not comfortable. You've cut back your food. And now your, you're, you're, your body is obviously eating up stored body fat for fuel. The problem and the risk that you run here, and I've seen this happening, it's happened to me. Sometimes I get a little too carried away, is you start losing too much muscle. If that's not the goal and you, and you don't want to, you know, too much smaller, but you just want to get leaner, then you have to make sure you have a certain amount of protein. You can't just keep cutting back your food indefinitely because eventually what will happen is you're going to get to a point where you're just, you're not looking any better. You're just looking more caquette, you know, more, more, but kind of just, I guess you could say burnt out. So to speak, your, your body will look flat, your muscles won't be popping. Yeah, you'll be losing weight, but you won't be looking better. And you don't want that. Goal is to look better, to feel better, so don't overdo it. You know, if you're 42 years old and let's say you weigh 100, you know, 200 pounds, then you probably should be getting at least 200 grams of protein a day if you want to maintain, you know, even if you did 180 not so bad, but if you're going down in food and you're eating two times a day and you're going huge gaps, six hours without eating, you're going to just like cannibalizing muscle tissue. There's no way around it. Even if you didn't work out because think about it, your body needs protein for hair, nails, skin, the internal lining of your stomach, and then digestive organs. All these things are constantly in a state of turnover and your body needs protein to replace them enzymes hormones, all these things. So don't overdo it. That's the key. You got to find balance. Dave, if someone were trying to maintain one's physique and only looking to add sporadic cycles, I guess, to gear cycles throughout the year, does testosterone need to be run into 1,000 milligrams per week. Can it be lower to around 400 milligrams per week? Also what antibodies would be best to throw in the mix and it would amounts, again, I'm just trying to stay as lean and healthy as possible while maintaining what I already have. Well, if you're trying to say as lean and as healthy, leanness comes from diet. Okay, so you have to have a good diet. If you need cardio, you got to put the cardio and has nothing to do with the antibody cycles you're on. Why? Because it's steroid, don't burn fat. They build muscle and they repair muscle. So with that, having said that, we got to get that out of the way. In terms of being healthy, well, if you're doing full-blown cycles, obviously, well, it might not be necessarily detrimental to you out. It's certainly not making it help better. So if you're just looking to maintain what you have and stay lean, diet, do some cardio and take it to hormone replacement dose of 200 milligrams per week, there's no reason why you can't maintain what you have on that. Assuming you're eating correctly, you're training and you're resting enough. If you're not looking to get bigger, that's the way to go. I get it for 10 years. After I stopped competing, and I held onto a lot of times, it was like 250 for probably eight of those years, until I started to really want to start it down size. But it's easy to hold onto your weight if you're eating properly and you're just taking a hormone replacement dose to 200 milligrams, I get news for you. You're not losing anything on that. I know guys that are on 200 milligrams a week and they try to lose muscle and they can't figure out why they won't lose any. Because it's starting hard. You've got to cut back your food. You might even want to go back to 100 milligrams a week of testosterone. That's enough. If you're talking about health, you don't want to be too encyclos and putting trend alone in equipoies and DACA, not that they're that terrible if you're doing them in a controlled manner. But there's no reason for it because you're not trying to get any bigger. You're trying to maintain. So think about what your goals are. And this is, I guess, the theme of this little S-dave segment. What are your goals? Once you write down your goals, then you figure out a strategy of how to get there. Don't go by bro science, don't go by height and what you think might work. Realistically say, what are my goals? I want to get leaner and then I got to diet and do cardio. I want to maintain muscle mass. I got to do HRT. I want to grow. I got to do cycles. It's not that hard. You have to define your goals first. Okay, Dave Pellumbo here. Hoping you guys are going to have a great weekend. This is a little extra due-dap just to throw into your educational videos that you're watching on how to use your body to achieve the look that you're looking for. If you guys like this little video and you want to have your questions answered on a regular basis and you want to have some more knowledge that you disposal. Check out my Dave Pellumbo Experience app at your iTunes store or Android store. I'm Dave Pellumbo, we'll see you next time.