I'm Dr. Austin Bracky, a physician and coach at Barbell Medicine. The question is what's the most common error that I see in trainees? I think it's probably having inappropriate expectations about the nature of progression, strength adaptation, things like that in terms of over-interpreting ups and downs, expecting that the process is far more linear than it actually is in practice, both in training and in rehab. Question is what people should do differently when training old people? I think that probably one of the things that I tend to do more often is getting to know the person their beliefs and their expectations before I start so that I can reframe and do some education. A lot of people, particularly as they get older, they have self-perceptions of being more fragile or that exercise resistance training is more threatening, more dangerous to them. And I think that I would aim to dispel that, build more confidence in self-evocacy and the process rather than reinforcing those and making them feel like a fragile, super special population. That's probably where I would start. Question is what is my favorite keyhoney-rease movie? I'm not good at remembering all of them off the top of my head. I feel like the most recent ones I rewatch were the Matrix series last year. So to be Bill and Ted's Exxon Adventure, Matrix, Speed, John Wick. Yeah, yeah, so I think it's probably close between the Matrix and John Wick. John Wick has just like brainless entertainment value. Matrix makes you think a little more, but that's what I do. Questions what I normally eat for breakfast is usually old-fashioned oats, not quick oats, like Jordan prefers mixed with some way usually. Do you play this in not an old-fashioned? Not an old-fashioned for breakfast, old-fashioned oats. Question is what is my favorite activity to do outside the gym? Lorraine and I like checking out new restaurants and trying different cocktails and things like that. That's usually our favorite thing to do. What is my favorite part about working with Barbell Medicine? I think that it has probably been the collaborative learning effects in terms of, you know, I could have ended up going through standard medical training and becoming doctor like any other doctor out there, but I think I've developed a unique skill set in education and bouncing ideas off one another, has expanded things much more quickly and more broadly than we would have otherwise had. So hashtag range. Questions what is my personal best lifting moment? Man, I think my favorite was the first time I pulled 700. I knew it. I mean it's tough because squatting 500 for 10 will sweet too, but one our arms are, I mean better. Question is do I have any hidden talents? Not that I'm aware of. They're all on display. Yes, this is it. Open book. Questions, Lashuk and Cleaninger 264 does the other potential of deadlift 500? I think estimating people's potential is a fool's errand, but I think that whether he can pull 500 I think is probably unlikely. I think it's a low percentage shop. Yes. Who pulls 500? One person. Not anymore even. This is the last bunch of way. One person. Questions kind of what my initial approach is to somebody who has one lift that's not necessarily responding to the programming. So I try to get a sense of what their programming history has been like, what they've tried, if they think anything has worked better or worse than anything else. And then really it's just a matter of experimenting with some of the variables. So if they're doing high specificity, I might change them to low-respecitor introduced more variation. Adjust the dose of volume, might give them a higher dose of intensity. I don't think that there's a standard sequence that I necessarily go through, but we typically talk about programming in terms of the dose of training and the formulation of training. And so I think that typically I'll look at changing the formulation of training if somebody's been working for a little while and nothing's responding. And then from there, if I get a little progress, then I might bump up the dose from there. So formulation and dose is what we look at. The question was Team J-Lo or Shakira? I think I'm leaning Team J-Lo. Did J-Lo anyway? I don't know. I don't know.