How do you spell youretta the unlived in the lac hot The biggest mistake I see trainees make is mistaking training and testing performance. So they come into training sessions. They are looking to add weight or increase their performance sometimes at the expense of the training effect of the actual session. Any hidden talents? Huh, I could repair things, but that doesn't think that's hidden. That's my past job. But I can't sing or joggle or anything like that. So no. Just because of someone's age, no, I think that's going to be a case by case basis. So I think someone's training history tells me much more about how to manage their training than just an age. Deciding on which variation or accessories to prescribe for my athletes, I think that if I'm watching someone's technique on a certain lift and I think that an assistant sexer size or supplemental exercise will help correct efficiencies and technique. And by deficiencies, I mean stuff that takes away from them executing a certain lift with a consistent reproducible technique that they can use at a meet. Then I would use variations in that case as almost as drill work and to modify the fatigue throughout the week. I think that's going to come down to a liftor. You're going to assess each liftor and prescribe variations. That way, versus just shotgun variations all the time, just for the sake of variation. I think it'd go off the deep end. You can be too specific, but you can also just throw variation out there with no good reason and end up with less than ideal results. I like it. My favorite activity outside the gym. It's just walking like in a city. I don't have any recreational hobbies like tennis or golfer anything. I just like walking around in big cities. That's walking. Yeah, just walking through New York City or we walked around San Diego a bit yesterday. And that's it. Yeah, if that's what you mean by physical activity. My favorite can or revs the movie. It's definitely not speed. What is the, I think I'm forgetting the name of a movie I just watched. John Wick. John Wick. John Wick. John Wick 1, 2, 3. I think it was the latest one, 3. Okay, that's a favorite. I think that was good. Bill and Ted Dexlin, venture doesn't register. No, no, I'm not a huge can of Reeves. Whoa, yeah, cutting that out. It's the money. My typical breakfast today, I had Greek yogurt, blueberries, and I stole some of Lea's oats with coffee. That's what I had. That's a typical breakfast for you. Either that or just a shake and like some sort of fruit. I'm not a huge breakfast person. So I just try to get something down and that will carry me over to lunch. I'm not a big ass challenge. I have faced all my years of lifting. I don't think there's one particular moment. But it's been trying to reproduce a process that like I can, I can repeat to peak well for meats. I've always had great training that would indicate much higher performances than I could usually get at a meat. So I think that's been one of those things. There's been various random eggs and pains and stuff like that. But I wouldn't consider those huge setbacks. I think one of the biggest challenges I have going forward is trying to recreate that peak, that peaking process. Lossia can clean and jerk 264 kilos. Does he have the potential to deadlift 500 kilos? I don't think so. One because 500 kilos is an insane amount. I don't see that clean and jerk in that deadlift being related. The training for both of those things will be very different. The velocities are different. I think the person that excels at one or the others. It's probably going to be a different person too. Lossia is very strong. It's the money. I think coaching, it's watching people progress over the long-term, not just in numbers, but in their understanding of training of how they go about the training process and watching them develop that way. It's the money.