What is the most common error I see in trainees? Probably being overly self-critical, or if I were to expand that a little, loading the bar too much and going a little too heavy. What if any specific programming changes would I make for elderly people? I would probably not change things significantly unless they displayed a difference in range of motions, specifically if they for whatever reason couldn't lock out a bench press or a shoulder press might need to make some adjustments there. Depending upon how detrained they are, they may require a more gradual ramp up. However, the similarities between what older trainees would do and what younger trainees would do would far outweigh any differences. What is my favorite Kiana Reeves movie, The Matrix? I thought for sure you're going to say Bill of Teh. Oh man that's so good too. Oh, now you got me thinking so it's got to be between the Matrix and Bill and Ted. I'm going to probably still go with the Matrix just because it's so cool. But Bill and Ted had a lot of cultural resonance for me as a young suburban adult. My normal breakfast is about half of a 32 ounce container of non-fat plain Greek yogurt coupled with a scoop of way protein and then maybe a little bit of cereal. Gluten free of course and by gluten free I mean gluten enhanced. The favorite activity outside of the gym would be taking pictures. Although unfortunately I'm normally in the gym when I'm taking pictures. It is interesting. It's the picture that you take in fact or actually. Yeah so I don't know if that really counts. Another big fail. Woo! What is my favorite thing about working for Barbell Medicine? My initial answer is nothing and I dislike it intensely. My favorite thing about working at Barbell Medicine would be getting to discuss a whole bunch of health ideas as well as programming ideas with Jordan and Austin as well as coming to fully embrace nihilism as a way of life and realizing that truly almost nothing matters. My personal best lifting moment. I imagine it would be when I pulled 227.5 kilos at my meat in 2016. Did you meet my guess? That's 500 American pounds. Yep. Do I have any hidden talents? I think that's the wrong question. I think the real question is do I have any non-hidden talents? And I think the answer to both of those is objectively now. Lasha who is a very accomplished Olympic weight lift eric in clean and jerk 264. 264 kilos does that therefore in to it well that he will deadlift 500 kilos. With all due respect to those who would use the word into it well with regard to light deadlift translating to heavy deadlifts, I don't know that it into its well that he could given that strength tends to be more specific than we might think. What is my approach if one lift in particular is not responding to a lifters programming? Massive caloric access. Just find whatever they're eating and double it. No, it would be reviewing what they're doing and it would probably involve having them be exposed more frequently and with higher volume to the lift provided that that is appropriate. It's a little difficult to say just with that information because is the question that they are overly fatigued or that you are not giving them enough. And in most cases it's going to be that you actually need to find a way to give them more stress throughout a given time but perhaps with less acute fatigued. So perhaps upping the dose as it were.