Alright, everyone. Welcome back to the Barbell Medicine YouTube channel. We bring modern medicine to strength conditioning and strength conditioning to modern medicine. I'm your host Dr. Dr. Jol and Vagmamp, we're a Coronado Beach San Diego. I literally just got off the golf course and the entire tire. It's also a sunset, slash golden hour. But the beach is closed. I wanted to get on the beach, but it's closed. This was supposed to be on the beach, but they closed it on the beach. It is what it is. Let's get to your questions. Alright, so the question is what to do if one lift isn't responding? So yeah, if the other two lifts or whatever lift you're deeming are important are responding, I probably wouldn't do anything about it in that particular training block. But as far as what you go, what you do on the next step, the next training block, I typically like to go pretty extreme with the changes. Meaning that if the exercise variation was relatively small, I want to go large. The volume was relatively low. I want to go up, but I want to build up to that over time, but I want to make a substantial enough change that we get things moving in the right direction. If we made a change that the person's going to respond to. So it's not necessarily just a week one little thing, because you're really a different organism at the start of that next block anyway. So I like to make pretty substantial changes. Even if it takes some time to gradually work into that, but yeah, I'm looking at exercise variation. I'm looking at total volume. If we're looking at maximal strength type stuff, then I also want to look at total average intensity. I might ramp that up, depending on the previous training and training history and with the preferences, or I might go down. So there's no one answer, but typically my first moves are going to be exercise variation and volume for the most part provided that they were actually used training appropriately before. The question is, what is my the most commonly asked question? And honestly, you know, if we compile all the Instagram lives, all the emails, all the everything that we get, it's going to be, I have this injury, what do Dr. Barackie did? Create a great resource called pain and training, what do? So I linked that in the description below. You should check that out. If you do have an injury, then you're like, I'm not sure what to do. That's where you start. And also, we do offer these pain and rehab consultations. And I know it seems like I'm just chilling for barbell medicine. But the thing is this, if training and physical activity is your sport that you choose to pursue, or it's, you know, your recreational hobby that you care a lot about, the an absent of that or been missing that for extended period of time due to an injury, or, you know, as a lot of people are realizing now, potentially a pandemic, really can upset your life. And so I think if this is one of the things that's super important to you and you can't find a way to get on the path back to normal activity, normal training, normal competition, having some professionals guide you would be the way to do it. You're still running 20% off sales there. So would recommend contacting us through our email, support at barbellmedicine.com. Honorable mention for the second most common question that I always get asked is what shoes are those whenever we're deadlifting? Look, they're Nike Davinos, they're indoor soccer shoes. I don't think they make them anymore. And I don't think that they're going to make anybody pull a lot more weight. I just wanted a flat shoe. That was pretty thin. I didn't really like deadlifting in chunks. I hated deadlifting slippers. And so I just picked up some indoor soccer shoes, Austin actually used to train in sombas until he saw my Davinos and he was like, what are those? So the question is why barbell training, look, the name is barbellmedicine. So we can't really recommend kettlebells or machines machine medicine. I mean, people already think that medicines are big machine. No, but seriously though, I think there are some maybe unique benefits to barbell training, particularly with a balance component that you don't see with machines. But you know, that's not just relegated to barbell training, you can do that with dumbbell training or other free weights for e-implements. So in reality, I don't think that barbells are like the best training tool to use. I think rather whatever somebody has access to resource wise. And so again, this is being like widely exemplified by people not having access to all the particular equipment that they want during this pandemic. So whatever you have access to, that's important. And then whatever you want to do that promotes adherence, those are going to be the two biggest things with actually exercise selection. If you are a competitive athlete, particularly in a barbell sport, sure, you're going to have to do most of your training with a barbell. No way around that. But that's the sport you chose. And so obviously you like barbells, but if you're not a barbell sport athlete, you could make a case for having somebody do a completely machine-based training program or kettlebell based training program. If they prefer that, if they've access to those things. I think the biggest things that barbells have going for them are that they're relatively inexpensive. They're relatively widely available when gyms are open. You can incrementally load them without a lot of extra things. So like it's hard to incrementally load a kettlebell with respect to weight without having a ton of different kettlebells. And so maybe for the budget, you know, minded individual or facility, yeah, you can make a case for barbells. But I also think, you know, there's stuff that's uniquely beneficial to machines, particularly entry points for people who may be intimidated by barbells. So it doesn't mean that you can never use barbells for those individuals. If they prefer using machines on the front end. But again, the major thing is increasing the physical activity participation rates. And that's going to be based on whatever somebody has access to and whatever they prefer. All right, what is my favorite thing about working for barbell medicine? So I started this thing in 2012, Ish. And honestly, this is bigger. It's grown bigger than I ever thought it was going to. I thought it was going to be mostly just me, you know, kind of doing some consultation work or, you know, providing information for folks, educational resources. And now that it's bigger than just me and it keeps getting bigger and bigger and bigger, I think that's really what's the most rewarding thing for me is seeing it grow and also just in the right way. Because effectively, it just gives us a bigger microphone to kind of promote positive change in our community, whether that's improving folks' self-efficacy, improving physical activity participation, improving lifestyle interventions, sort of adherence, improving outcomes by educating other clinicians. So that's the coolest thing. Our microphones weigh bigger now and that's the whole goal. Get the microphone, get the platform as big as possible so we can possibly affect as many folks as possible. All right, so the question is favorite, Keanu Reeves movie. This was the fan favorite. All right, so look, I got a bunch of recommendations to go watch point break. And look, there's a love story, there's like some crime, there's like some mystery stuff, there's fight scenes, but the ending look if you haven't seen it, you're going to have to see it. But the ending, I can't do it, not for me. So that is not my favorite. It's going to be matrix, all the matrix series. All right, what is your favorite lifting moment? You know, honestly, it was probably the meat that I had in 2014. I was in medical schools on OBGYN rotation doing nights and I signed up for this local meat at the gym that I trained at and total 17.95 at 198 pounds. I was in knee wraps. The weights they used were not terribly well calibrated, although at the time that was kind of powerlifting and then also it was on a deadlift bar. But 17.95, I was squatting 640, benched 430, although my butt did come up in the air, they didn't redlight me though, but I know that it did. I'm honest with myself and then up pulled 725 and that was just putting that whole meat together out a lot of fun and I still think about that meat. It was just a really good day. And then also 2015, you're later, Ron Ashtonals, USAPL and up getting 4th there actually did not perform very well. They're not sleep very well in that 4. Had some personal stuff going on. But you know, got on the rally bus and it was cool. It was cool to perform on that stage. It was like the first, they didn't really have prime time, but everybody was watching us because we had like all the heavy hitters in my flight and it was really cool to take 4th out of almost 100 competitors. Yeah, that was a good day. The question is, what can I do to boost recovery? And this is, I view this as the same question, like what can I do to boost my immunity? The idea is that you can do these things to take your recovery and your immune system to the next level, super physiological levels. And that's not really the case. There are things that promote like a well functioning immune system and you know, appropriate recovery. And so that's the approach I'd like to take. Instead of thinking about trying to boost your recovery, let's just try to maximize your potential to recover. And so things that you would want to do. So one diet needs to be on point. Particularly that you're getting enough protein. That's 1.6 grams, per kilogram body weight per day. At least with some evidence going all the way up to 3.1 grams, per kilogram body weight per day. Sleep is going to be a big deal and that's very individualized, but 78 hours per night you can go to a sleep podcast, we go in depth on that, making sure you're going to have sleep apnea or other parasamias or other sleep issues. And the next thing, outside of that would actually be training more. So the way that you improve your training tolerance is to gradually train more and more more. A big base of training that it's includes aerobic training and also anaerobic training. So you've got to do both to get your training tolerance up. And so yeah, training more, eating appropriately, sleeping right. That's how you boost your recovery and really just maximizing your the potential you have to recover. The question is, which person has impacted your life the most? It's definitely got to be my dad. My dad, he's my number one fan, number one supporter. I know it sounds corny, but it's true, like I wouldn't be where I'm at without my dad. The cool thing about him is that he, you know, he gives it to me straight. He's never, you know, blown smoke up my, my rear about telling me, oh, you're this great athlete and this, whatever, he's just like your hard worker and that's how you end up, you know, succeeding. So but if you know, let me pick the cheeseball answer, I'm going to pick this mentor that I had right before I went to medical school. Actually, one of the reasons I went to medical school ended up applying and kind of going through that process. Dr. Piper, great guy, spine surgeon, actually coach him for a while and is cool with watching him be able to squat and deadlift even though he had a back surgery and, you know, he didn't think you'd ever be able to do that as a spine surgeon so being able to take him through through some resistance training and getting him kind of out of the idea like, oh, you got a back problem. You can't ever do this stuff again in a six-deck age of life. That was really cool. And he again, similar to my dad, he always felt, you know, he always kept telling me, like, you can do this. You can go to medical school. You can be a doctor and, yeah, probably if it wasn't for that push, I don't know that I would have done it, but it was really cool. So those two probably the most influential people in my life. All right, so the question is favorite thing to do outside the gym. It's probably going to be golf, but I'm not just a one-trick pony, so if it's not golfing, I want to be cooking or entertaining friends that's probably my second favorite thing to do after golfing. I have the question is, what are the best accessory movements? So, you know, this assumes that somebody's probably a barbell sport athlete, so they have specific lifts that they want to get up. I don't think that actually applies to most people watching this. Like, if you haven't signed up for a powerlifting meter or weightlifting meat, like, I don't know that you need to restrain or constrain yourself to just, you know, swap-enched ed lift. There are other exercises out there, and so my overarching idea is that I want people to do a wide variety of different exercises. This not only helps like motor learning, so you get better at like, do it in movements and like knowing where your body isn't spaced by doing different type of movements. It's like you get to better outcomes that way. Also reduces the risk of injury from overuse, and also just makes you stronger all around. So effectively, strength is very specific, and if you do a lot of different things, you build this broad base of strength that you can later apply specifically if you want to, and so the specific periods will be relatively short. So I like almost all variations. I think if you have good data, you respond relatively well or better to particular variations, and performance, max strength performance on the big three are very important to you. You should definitely be keeping those records. Then those are the ones I would default to, and I would try to kind of build this X-size library if things that you prefer, so adherence will go up, and that also you respond to. But in general, there's a big range of motion, easily easy to load, and like fairly similar to the exercise that you care about. This is probably a good variation.