Hey everybody, thank you guys so much for coming. We're at the St. Louis seminar, my hometown. If you have to leave early, we understand. And for questions that we didn't get to, that you don't see on this YouTube video, you can ask it on our forums. And we'll try to answer it there. Also, Sliding Austin's DM's, he loves that. Yeah, I look at all the DM's I get on every day and make sure I'm fully caught up all the time on all the DM's I get. So yes, Austin first, then the forums. Okay. We're going to go through these curated questions and try to provide some nuanced answers. Yeah. Okay. Do you think that the model of training sensitivity is more static over a career that can't change? Or is it more dynamic depending on other factors that are determining responsiveness at that particular time? Kind of have an difficult time understanding. I think they're asking if your training responsiveness is variable over time, or if it's pretty much static, over the course of a training career. Oh, I just thought it was kind of an interesting thing to think about. Sure. I don't know. I think that your training responsiveness does and in fact change both in the acute setting and then chronically, acutely like when your environment and psychosocial inputs change dramatically. So again, periods of high stress or supersprim below stress, higher motivation, low motivation. I think all of that portends change in outcomes for how much training adaptation you get from a given level of training stress. Because the internal load is likely changing and it's trying to load drives adaptation. Since I didn't say that like 45 times. Yes, Chris. The important takeaway from that. But then chronically, your training adaptation is likely as you near your peak, your training adaptation is going to get smaller and smaller and smaller from more progressively, more and more training stress. And then as you start detraining, your really going to reverse roles a little bit. As you become less and less trained, your adaptations actually might increase magnitude, but you're still trying to hang on. Yeah, I think that we've distrust before how from a training sensitivity standpoint or training resistance being a spectrum of the same phenomenon. The more trained you get, the more training resistant, you become, right? Meaning that a given dose of training stimulus does less and less for you. That's why we PR maybe once a year or something. Like a true one RM effort if we're we have to put in a ton of training to realize that sort of an adaptation and performance, a huge amount of training compared to when we were in our earlier more training sensitive days getting big adaptations per unit of training stimulus. But I definitely think that on a shorter time scale, say day to day, month to month, week to week, whatever that it's likely variable depending on all these other factors that can influence internal load. Yeah, I would also just not think about training response on this industry like vouts. Meaning that, like for instance, I don't think that you have a stress or recovery and an adaptation that are all separate from each other. Rather, you have accumulated stresses and recoveries taking place 24-7 and adaptations are taking place 24-7. And then what you get, again, that balance shift from the negative fatigue, more that shift more towards positive fitness adaptations use are able to realize potentially realize the improvement of performance from those fitness adaptations. And it's always occurring all the time. So it's not like one workout generated x amount of fitness adaptation and then you're able to realize that at some discrete point in the future, more likely that a series of workouts has generated a series of stress that has all culminated to drive a certain fitness adaptation. So I just don't think about it as this. That's completely. OK, do you find that physicians are less receptive to the idea of sarcopenia in patients with obesity? Yes. Do you remember? Oh, no. Anne, it totally, I get a lot of funny looks from physicians when the patient is obese. This would also be true of hey, this patient meets Aspen criteria for malnutrition. Yeah, yes, to both. So the sarcopenia obesity is a big subcategory within sarcopenia and technically obesity. But it's under diagnosed and then under treated as a secondary to that. And then I think people are more dismissive of that as well. So when you look, not just look at somebody visually, but even on a chart, you look at a person's BMI and there's BMI's 35, 40 or something like that. But they have obvious muscle loss in their appendicular skeleton. And their function is very, very low secondary to just being weak, having low amounts of lean body mass. So you're saying, well, this person would benefit from losing body fat, but also benefit from gaining muscle mass. That's hard to square in your mind for a lot of physicians who are unfamiliar with the term sarcopenia obesity. And then the prevalence incidence, all that other stuff. The Aspen guidelines actually talk about this in particular and recommend a high protein diet, resistance training, as well. And then they also do recommend, obviously, body fat reduction, bio calorie reduction in this as well. So I think what you're, but that's not obviously happening in a hospitalized setting. Yeah, I definitely think that physicians, I mean, even having these discussions among my colleague colleagues, they're generally, we can pretty easily recognize somebody who is truly what we call a cacetic, meaning like their skin and bones, like the end stages of certain types of conditions, like end stage of cancer or heart failure, COPD, sarosis, chronic kidney disease, many of these, and some autoimmune conditions can result in just muscle wasting, but cacaxia in particular is refers to a situation where there's a loss of muscle mass and a loss of fat mass. So you're basically like actually skin and bones, right? Sarcopenia specifically refers to the muscle mass loss. And you can have sarcopenia with an excess of body fat. So that's kind of a slightly different situation from cacaxia where that's just total energy and muscle wasting, low body fat, low muscle mass. Now we're talking low muscle mass, high body fat, is sarcopenia obesity. And there are, basically, strata of risk that increase between normal kind of lean body mass and normal fat mass or increased fat mass compared to sarcopenic patients do worse. And then sarcopenic obese patients do even worse and just the sarcopenic patients do, because not only do they have the complications from sarcopenia, but they can have the metabolic complications from having obesity, metabolic complications referring to the cholesterol problems, insulin problems, high blood pressure problems, diabetes, things like that that also bring in their own risk into the equation. And then you can get even more granular with this. And if you've measured bone mass and the bone mass is low, you can have something called osteosarcopenic obesity. Where you have low bone mass, low muscle mass, because remember I described how those tend to track together, so somebody has a lot of lean body mass, probably it includes their bone, but you can have low muscle mass, low bone mass, and excess body fat. That's a common situation that's really quite dangerous, because you have all the complications of sarcopenia. If you're to suffer a fall related to that, you're more risk of having a fracture, because you have osteopenia, and you have the metabolic complications of obesity. So that's a bad combination to have, and those are the people who above all else, more important than it is for anybody else, need to train. Sure, yeah, you recommend lentils. Lentils, they're great. Yeah. All right, question number three. What does the process look like for people who carry bad narratives with them into your consultations? How do you redirect them into what the evidence actually says? Yeah, that's a great question. A lot of this has to do with the motivational interviewing skills, and I don't, that doesn't just mean like listening to people, and being nice. There are active skills that have proven benefits in these sort of clinical counseling realm, trying to explore these different ideas and narratives that people have. So in particular, what I like to do, because this happens with clients that I work with, that I'm not even working with, and I go, they don't come to be from pain rehab consultation, because you think about the people coming to Barbell Medicine for pain rehab consultation, I do think Derek and Mike are some of the best in the industry doing this. But there are already sold on this. We don't have to like sometimes. Yeah, that's all. Not all of them. What I would say, most of their experiences with people who know who we are, what we do, and kind of our methods, rather the people that I coach, not all of them are up to speed, necessarily on our pain science stuff, and our message, and stuff. So that's a little bit more unique situation. So a lot of times that I start by trying to get the individuals to tell me what they think is going on, why they're afraid or what they're afraid of happening, what they expect to kind of happen, just elicit, all of these sort of, this narrative, and then go from there by trying to not correct because I don't want the writing reflects to come up where I tell them something, and then immediately a challenge is there like core beliefs, something and they want to tell me that I'm wrong or otherwise dismissed what I have to say, but rather try to lead them in a different direction. You're trying to lead them through this conversation in a very nice way that doesn't challenge their beliefs directly, but rather gives them thoughtful questions to sort of allow the possibility of them being they're preconceived expectation and notions to be wrong without them appearing to be wrong directly. Sure, because it's basically a less confrontational way of leading them through the evidence rather than the opposite example is, yeah, actually, even if you do have a horneation, doesn't matter because in the next six to nine months, it's going to resort anyway, that's probably actually not even a horneated disc type symptomology because those are unreliable findings, and so you'll be fine. Not only does a person not feel like you heard them, but they also don't feel like they were able to express themselves and all of the things that are going into their thought process, so they're not even in a position for you to tell them, like actually there might be a different side to the story. So building that narrative initially, like eliciting that and then kind of walking them through in a step-by-step process that doesn't directly confront maybe some of their beliefs and beliefs systems is a straddle, one strategy that I like to use for motivational interviewing, and this is just a sign I'll let Austin take the reins up to this, the role that can mill their book is pretty good. We got that in medical school, actually, I forgot about it, and somebody was like, you guys should up your motivational interviewing game, read this book, and I was like, how to have this book? I feel like I read it at some point, or was supposed to read it, and so I got to sit down and reread it. And there's just a lot of cool nugget pearls in there that I do intuitively, because I either I was exposed to it, or this part of my communication style, but I think people who haven't had that sort of experience in the professional setting would benefit. Even if you're not a doctor and you're a trainer, or you're a coach or something like that, these skills are useful, so it's just a book called motivational interviewing. Yep, but you guys would recommend. Yeah. Yeah, my process for this is in some times, it's similar. So the question was, what does it look like to deal with these kind of harmful or bad or incorrect narratives and how do you redirect them to what the evidence actually says? I don't always, I mean, I frequently don't try to like bring scientific evidence into the discussion with the individual, because again, they want to feel heard, and if you start throwing like research at them, that's not gonna get you anywhere. It's good for us to know the research, but we don't need to just throw PubMed at people, that's not gonna do anything. My approach to this probably looks a little bit different than what Jordan described in their some situations where I might bring in evidence like the discussion of a substantial proportion of herniated discs heal on their own in a few months. Yeah, that's a good little tidbit to have to tell people, right? I think that more often what I'll do for in this situation is either find aspects of their history that conflict with their understanding or their belief or have them do things that then conflict with their expectations, that's called expectancy violation, in other words, so to give some examples. Somebody might say that they have severe knee pain due to bone-on-bone arthritis in their knee, for example, right? Or they have back pain due to a herniated disc that they feel like has been there for a long time and is never gonna heal. Well, a simple question that you might ask is do you ever have days where your symptoms are better and symptoms are worse? Like, do your symptoms ever fluctuate? Because of course they do for all the reasons that I described in my lecture. And say, yeah, I have some days where I don't feel any pain at all and some days where it's excruciating and I can't get out of bed. And it's like, well, I have a hard time understanding how that might happen or how can you explain how your symptoms fluctuate if you have bone-on-bone all the time or if you're disc because herniated and pressing on that nerve all the time. How is that possible? Shouldn't you be having symptoms all the time or do you think that something else might be affecting your symptoms? And they're like, you know, I guess there could be something else that might influence my symptoms having better on some days than another. Maybe we can work through this and figure out. What are the patterns that are more consistent on days when you have better symptoms? And there may be like, well, it feels better when I'm doing this particular activity, which is always some activity that they, you know, really enjoy or are looking forward to doing or something like that. And it's much worse on days when I've had horrible sleep or I have a ton of stress or something with my family or whatever, you know, other factors that can influence that kind of experience. And so I've found something that conflicts with their understanding and that can get my foot in the door to, hey, maybe it's not all about the tissues here. Maybe there's something else besides just the bone and the bone in your knee or the disc and your neuroferent mental space in your spine or something like that. So that would be one thing from like a historical discussion perspective or alternatively from an experience situation. Somebody might say, I have back pain and I'm afraid that if I bend over, that something horrible is going to happen. Well, I might coach them into gradually bending over and getting them to the point where they can do an activity and prove to themselves that what they expected was going to happen does not in fact happen, right? That might require a lot of coaching and reassurance and working through the process. But if I can get somebody to, you know, with knee osteoarthritis to sit down and stand up out of a chair a few times and their symptoms don't get wildly worse and maybe that violates their expectations to the point where I can start to build some positive momentum from there. So I really like the expectancy violation piece here to try to just plant a seed of doubt about their existing understanding of things and then that can blossom into this new narrative that I'm trying to build up in their minds to get them engaged in the process of working towards recovery. Yeah, I actually think that's an important point also that what we do here, like it's not like we narrowize the person and then as soon as the end of that, you know, like from men and black, that thing and then afterwards they're paying free and they're just like, wow, I never experienced that after you explained the bio-cyclist social to model, I had to make. Okay. Yeah. But rather, and this is, it's more like the plot of the movie inception. Right, it's evidence by the expectation violation thing that once you've planted the seed of doubt and you get somebody to break this idea like, oh, that's supposed to be bad. I had these fears. This, you know, making things worse that they're more accepting of like, yeah, like I have some pain right now. I'm gonna get better. I know the steps that I need to take to get better and I'm actively involved in that process. And so that process, both gets to start and then subsequently end sooner because they're actively involved and you've broken that cycle. It's not again like boom, you're paying free. You know, here's the invoice. Yeah. But it just does difficult a process of behavior change. It's all the stuff you discussed on day one with obesity and stuff like that. But I think probably the theme of this weekend is behavior change in self-efficacy. Right? When you say, if we had to distill it down, yeah, just like it's hard to do. But sometimes it'd be like that. Sometimes it'd be like that though. But you know, you're resilient human, you're powerful, yeah, and capable of change. Yeah. All right. Question number four. That was like really home, like, like meaningful. Yeah, man. All right. Is there a correlation between oral contraceptives and tendon or ligamentous ruptures? I see that you have, yeah, I wanted to ask curious about this. I thought it was a good question. So I went out and did some scouring. Sure. And it was lecturing. So I had never heard of any association between oral contraceptives and tendon or ligamentous ruptures. The theory or the concern behind it has to do with the idea that certain female hormones like progesterone, for example, can induce laxity in some of these connective tissue structures. And if they induce laxity, then you may be at an increased risk of some sort of an injury, a rupture or tendonopthier or something like that. And so it turns out that females, in general, there's pretty consistent evidence, particularly in the realm of ACL ruptures. For example, that females are way higher risk than males of experiencing ACL rupture upwards of eight times greater risk in sports that are somewhat demanding on the ACL, for example. Strength training is definitely among our biggest tools in mitigating this problem, getting both men and women to train. Strength training is one of our biggest tools for reducing the risk of ACL rupture here. But the question had to do with correlation between oral contraceptives and these sorts of injuries. And so found some data. One was from a paper by Canopa in 2019. This was a systematic review. I think they looked at 29 studies. And they ended up pulling out a subset of them. Two or three were like soup was fairly high quality. The rest were of mixed or lower quality. They said that the higher quality studies suggest that oral contraceptives decrease a female patient's risk of ACL injuries in ACL laxity. The strength of these findings however is weak. So they found some evidence to suggest that actually oral contraceptives may decrease the risk of some of these things. And the thinking or the proposed mechanism was that when you have a combinerial contraceptive, which again contains estrogen and progesterone, it tends to actually shut down the full dynamic flux of the full kind of hormonal cycle over the menstrual cycle. And so if to whatever extent those hormonal fluctuations have a role in these risk of these injuries, shutting down that cycle by the use of oral contraceptives may mitigate that risk. So overall, I'm not sure how confident we should be that they decrease the risk because some of that evidence is a bit weak. But I definitely don't think we have evidence to say that oral contraceptives increase the risk of these things. And that would not be anywhere on my radar as far as a concern if a woman was on oral contraceptive and was playing a sport or resistance trainer or something like that. And that's not something that I'd be concerned about. Compared to something like, oh, this person is on a Cipro antibiotic for a prolonged period of time for something. That's a medication where it's like, yeah, that antibiotic definitely has a risk of tendon rupture. And that's something that I would be a bit more concerned about. Whereas oral contraceptives, not really an issue. You work in for big pharma? On the side. On the side. Yes. So here's the real question. I work for big generic. Big generic. Yes. Yeah, big, big Walmart. Yeah. What do you think a bigger problem is, with respect to women in strain training, the risks of oral contraceptives induced gains attenuation or unwanted pregnancy? Yeah, probably a ladder. Yeah, just from a population-based, probably the ladder. So like telling people to stop taking oral contraceptives, when you are not the prescribed in position, seems just like a bad move, bad juju. So maybe stop doing that on the internet. It's you. Stop it. Question number five, what is Austin's favorite whiskey? Is oddly specific. Yeah, people want to know. All right, what's your favorite whiskey? So I'm a rai in general, more often. I like bourbon too, but I rai more often. So the Thomas A. Chandy rai is my favorite rai. Excellent. Question answered. Yep, boom. Next time. I've been really liking that CYPB. Oh yeah, from a weller. This story is, so this is funny. My friend Daniel J, who owns a gym in Santa Cruz. He picked us up three bottles. He kept two from himself. Got me one. You can think he paid $39 for these bottles of weller, create your own bourbon, create your perfect bourbon. Create your perfect bourbon, yeah. And anyway, and as soon as, like when you brought it to me, I feel like this is way more expensive than $40. I'm just going to Google, like what's this going for now? Well, that's though that would be the retailer of the MSRP, but whiskey, secondary market is just insanely expensive. Yeah, the bottle probably goes for $700. And I go and literally had just opened mine. Like I just opened it. Like, do you want me to put this label back on? Like, yeah. And he goes, no, man, it's for you. It's a mouthful. All right. How would you handle a patient who's very, very dependent, or possibly even reluctant towards increasing self-efficacy? Actually have a few clients that are within this realm, but it's fine, because our relationship is still appropriate for the type of relationship that I'm willing to engage in. Now, you may have different values, different availability, different wants needs, et cetera, and a person who's very, very dependent, may even more than what I'm willing to offer right now. So what do you do in that case? So you have a few options. One, setting the expectations about what you are and are not willing to do and how you are and are not willing to engage. So for instance, if a client were really one in my personal cell phone number, that's a no for me. It just don't do it, because I don't want to engage in that type of personal connection, while I may or may not be available for providing coaching insight, but I'm very responsive to emails and very responsive to Instagram messages. So, and they know that. This is all some expectations that have been set. On the other hand, you may be totally fine with that. So again, different values, you have to draw different boundaries. But what I found is when it's compromising their ability to actually see progress, because they're so, so dependent, is actually very similar to your expectation violation thing, because they almost feel paralyzed. I need you to tell me what to do. And instead of just enabling them and say, fine, I'm going to do it, it's just a deeper conversation. I'm like, what do you think you should do? And they'll say something like, I don't know. And you're like, okay, well, let's bracket this. So for instance, the person I'm thinking of in particular was like, I cannot pick my weights. I need you to tell me exactly what weights to lift. Every single session, that's what I would prefer. And I'm like, I understand that, whoever, because I know that your performance level on a given day is 100% guaranteed to be in flux. And I will not always be there to tell you, I feel like we need to develop these skills. So if I was trying to pick a set of five repetitions at RPE9, what is a good range for you? What is the best on your best day do you think you could do for a set of five on a squat? And then she gave me a number. I said, I'm on your worst day. What do you think you would do for a set of five in that same intensity range? And she gave me another number. And I go, great. That's your bracket. That's where you're going to start. Start on the low end. And then you're able to add weight to you, hit that high end. She goes, OK, I can do that. Because again, you've literally just worked through that single problem. And you've given them a tool and a sort of way to view the problem that they thought was insurmountable. So it challenges again, that what they initially had. On the other hand, people may have unrealistic just expectations about what the coaching relationship looks like. And I think that you have to determine what type of coach you're going to be, what type of interaction you're going to have with them. And then start that from the beginning. And so if you're three or four months in and you haven't done that, well, you got to do it now. But I do like that expectation violation for this particular situation. Yeah. And that's a good example. I mean, the theme of behavior change continues here. And within the world of behavior change, if you're having difficulty with behavior change, the number one thing that you need to do and the number one thing that we identified and point out in the lecture is you need to identify the barriers. So he identified the barrier in this particular situation. Where was this person having difficulty? And how to do it selecting weights. And he proposed a skill or a strategy to work around that barrier. This is the case for every single type of behavior change. If somebody is having difficulty, your task is to identify the barrier. And then try to develop a skill or a strategy to work around it. Now, you may be able, you may have the knowledge, the experience you may have some skills and strategies in your tool bag that you can offer this person. Or it may be a situation that maybe you've never experienced before. Maybe you don't know how to work around this. And your options are to either provide your best guess and experiment with this individual. And then you could learn from the experience too, or you may refer to somebody who you trust to help somebody work around some of these issues who may have more of a knowledge base, more of an experience base, maybe an expert in that particular field. So if you're like a coach, and you have somebody who is dealing with severely disordered eating, we need to develop some behavior change. Maybe you don't have the skills, the strategies, the knowledge, the understanding base, to actually help somebody work through that, which is probably the case. So a good option would be to refer that person to somebody who does have the kind of base of experience and knowledge and skills to help somebody work through that. But again, all of this is identifying barriers, developing skills and strategies to work around them so that we can build the self-efficacy so that people can self-manage. That's been the theme from the first five minutes of this weekend when I was talking, is the idea of self-managing around these things. The opposite of this is dependency, where he could have just fed off of that person and said, yeah, you definitely need me to pick your weights every session. You need me to watch every rep that you do. Otherwise, you're going to hurt yourself. And you're going to need me to do this for you for the rest of your life. Keep paying me. Yeah. Can't give you the keys to the castle. Right. But this is like protected knowledge. That's not what we want. So open source. Yeah. Thanks. How would you, oh, same question. You talked about the best predictor for improving the function of fast switch and slow switch, much of muscle fibers is training history. That's not true. So it sounds like you can change them over time. Yes, you can. If someone genetically has more of one of the, or one, if someone genetically has more of one or the other, can you change that through training? No. OK. So I answered all that. Moving on. So what I said was the clear file. Yes. Well, the best predictor for portion the proportion of fast switch to slow switch muscle fibers is the sport and level of that sport that people participate in. Meaning that if it is a power dominant sport, like Olympic weightlifting, and you participate at the international level, you're very much more likely to have a high percentage of fast switch muscle fibers than somebody who participates in as a marathon at the regional level or local level. So it doesn't mean that you can shift between type 1 and type 2 fibers. That's not been shown unless you actually literally cut the nerve and then re-intervate the nerve into a different motor unit. You actually do see that change in experimental models. What we see, what we do see in vivo in the human body, it's sponsored training, is that you get a switch between type 2A and type 2B muscle fibers. Type 2A muscle fibers being low velocity, high force production, somewhat fatigue resistant. Muscle fibers is as a general kind of description and type 2B muscle fibers being high velocity, high force, not fatigue resistant at all. So if you're in sports that involve sprinting, jumping, punching, kicking, high rates of force production, high velocities, you would want those type 2B fibers to be selected for. So your training should reflect that. So for example, if you had a sprinter 100 meter sprinter, and you were in charge of training, then most of their training should be done at high velocities. Heavy sets of five or six or whatever reference all our retreats made up. At heavy heavy weights with low bar speeds would be deleterious to their progress. Because you're then inducing a change from those fast high velocity force-rucine muscle fibers to the low velocity muscle fibers or in other words, type 2B to type 2A. And you wouldn't want that. Also, things you might include would be maybe some of the Olympic lifts for that population or jumping or plyometrics, stuff like that. So it's just going to be specific to the type of training and tight end goals that you have for the person. As far as what if you should include high velocity work or not. Now, I made a case during the programming lecture that I would prefer for non-specialized athletes to incorporate a wide range of training, intensities, exercise variations, and rep ranges. So then the logical question that is, what about speedwork? If you're going on and on about this high velocity force production stuff, why doesn't the average Joe get trained for high velocity force production? And my answer to you is, if he or she is not involved in a sport in some sort of competitive level that's meaningful to them, that I think it's a waste of training time for them from a health standpoint. Meaning that they're going to get all the benefits they need from resistance training with respect to improvements in strength, power, and lean body mass without ever having to focus and sacrifice, therefore sacrifice training time for high velocity training. That being said, if they were like, look, man, I play in this softball league, and I really need to increase my bad speed. OK, we can do some high velocity work then, or somebody who's like, I'm MMA curious and want to get better at MMA. I may include some high velocity work for them, even if they're only rolling twice a week, even if they're not technically specializing for that sport. On the other hand, if the person doesn't care enough to really compete at any sort of level, then I'm just not going to sacrifice their training time for what I would consider to be a really not useful training goal for them. You guys notice how he just had an entire back and forth between himself for the past 10 minutes? I do that. You did the, on the other hand, like, four times. So four minutes. He does that. Well, somebody asked you, they were like, who would win an argument? You were Jordan. And then your response was, well, Jordan would disarguate with himself. Yeah, so an Arnold Kerenha, Jordan. True. All right, resistance training is great in all, but what would you suggest for patients who present with chronic pain and notes are to train with weights? Obviously, there are benefits outside of pain to train, but what other modalities interventions have been found to be effective? Yeah. So I don't think that the context of this question is exercise for the treatment or improvement of chronic or persistent pain states. And for that purpose, I don't think that these individuals have to lift weights. You just don't. Obviously, that's our bias as we like people to do that, but you don't have to. You can get a quival, we have no evidence to suggest that you can get better outcomes from resistance training, lifting weights compared to any other form of exercise for pain related conditions. Of course, as I mentioned, you'll hear people say, oh, you have pain because you're weak, and you need to get strong, and that's why your pain will go away. That's not the case, and that's not how this works. There are so many different levels of changes in the individual, at the individual level from their neurological states, psychological state, biological things that can change over the course of training that might result in an improvement in pain if they resistance trained, but that doesn't mean that the mechanism of pain improvement was an increase in strength. So really, what we aim to do for people who have chronic or persistent pain states is, typically, these people are coming in. There's evidence to suggest that when they come in for consultation, the primary reason is not the pain itself. The reason why they come in for evaluation, for consultation, is because it is preventing them from doing something that they want to be able to do. The pain itself is not usually the reason why they come in. And so our job is to identify, hey, what do you want to be able to do? And so they'll offer whatever that is for them. And then our job is to develop some sort of a physical strategy to work them back towards being able to do what they want to do. That is important above all else for this population. Get them back to doing what they want to do. Once they're at that stage, then we can say, hey, have you heard of these general physical activity guidelines that we like to try to get everybody working towards doing resistance training, doing a row of training, because of all these benefits. But when they're coming in disabled from their persistent pain, that's not really the time to be throwing this other stuff at them. Unless they already want to lift weights, which I would say is likely uncommon. But prevalent in some an hour selected population who come to us. So key number one is definitely finding out what is important to them to be able to do. And then developing a strategy that they can buy into to work towards that. Sometimes, one of our, a friend of mine who I've met to is a clinician in the space he travels around and does seminars on this. His name has been Kormack. He's a funny guy and he is big on a bioscicial approach to exercise prescription for individuals with pain. And he talks about this a lot. And I went to his course and hung out with him and we talked about this stuff a lot. And he demonstrated a lot of his strategies and his approaches to this. He tries to make it not feel like exercise to the individual. He tries to get them to do activities that feel more like play, like actually for adults to like play in the clinic and do certain things that again have some expectancy violation to them that maybe they didn't think that they were able to do. So somebody who has chronic back pain, he would have them maybe, you know, they would get literally like a boosubal or something and they would bend over and grab it and then roll it to him across the floor and then roll it back and forth. Meanwhile, demonstrating to themselves that they can bend over and roll this ball and it's okay. And that's the first step again to getting your foot in the door and finding some method for progression. So sometimes for some people, it's about making it not feel like exercise. Particularly if they're not interested in exercise. But finding out what they want to be able to do and finding out a physical strategy that they can buy into to work towards that. And sometimes, sorry, then core-mic. Oh yeah, core-mic. Yeah, yeah, he's a funny guy. So that's a good resource in terms of exercise prescription for patients with persistent pain. He's a good guy. But definitely have to find out what activities are meaningful to the individual, what matters to them and then how can I help you get there? What kind of things do you think would help you get there? You notice how with our behavior change approaches, we are asking a lot of questions of the individual to elicit this stuff from them rather than top-down saying, oh, you just need to deadly. You know, let's go. No, they don't necessarily need to deadly. And in order to improve their pain, we would like them to in the long term. But everybody needs to deadly. Yeah, eventually that would be nice. But they still don't have. I think Magnuson said that if you cannot deadly life is not worth living. Yeah. Well, it seems like they seem to be a little restricted. Yeah. It's for abuse, little restricted. All right. Does motor control training matter are gross movements greater than smaller more controlled movements, especially in the beginner? IE if someone is struggling with driving the knees out in the squat, do you train with smaller movements, such as clamshells, et cetera? So does motor training matter? Motor control? Motor control? Yeah. Does motor control training matter in isolation? I mean, it can be beneficial, particularly for individuals who are unable to have a sort of framework for contracting a certain set of muscles or moving in a certain way. So for example, somebody, when you say, yeah, yeah, it can squeeze your lower back into extension. And they have no idea how to do that. And you're like, no, no, what's your lower back? Squeeze it. Please. I think, can't do it. So you put your hand on their back. Come on, right against my hand, squeeze there, nothing. So then you put them on the floor, they do some superman's, and they can, you got a lot of flies. You're like pig pen right now. It's not me, bro. It's us. No, no, no. I noticed that there are distinctly on the side. So and you put them on the floor, and they do some superman's. So you put them on a back extension bench, and they get some blood pumped in the area, and then now they can all of some feel that with that area, and they're able to contract it. Well, that's one type of motor control training. I don't think that that is something that we use frequently. Mainly, I think our idea of technique, particularly in the large, the compound movements, is this sort of self resolving type of technique improvement. Meaning that you take somebody who's very new to training, and you try to teach them out of bench press, for example. And you show them all the main pillars of the bench press. And when they're actually benching the bars all over the place, you know, you kind of say, hey, I would do it this way, you know, work on this. But you're not going to hammer it all out on the first session. The second session, they've got some take home homework, cues to work on, it gets a little bit better. Third session, a little bit better, four session, a little bit better, 40-its session. They benched like a seasoned veteran. You got to give them kind of this leeway to practice, experiment, get their cerebellum, say, melt, that's not the way you do it. Nope, that's not the way you do it. Ooh, that's better. And then it's a build this motor pattern, or supplementary motor cortex, which is in your cerebral cortex. But the cerebellum, tell them, that was wrong, do it differently. All right, thank you, motor learning. So I don't think that I would automatically move to a smaller movement in order to correct one of these things, unless it's like this long standing persistent issue that is causing sort of either reduction in performance, or I perceive to be reducing a person's ability participating in recreational or competitive pursuits. But otherwise, if somebody's knee's are caving in on the squat, there's some weight that they can squat and keep their knees out, or I need to adjust the stance, because it's too wide, and they like actually can't, or just their to-put position, or the weight, and usually there's something that I can address there, rather than switching to clam shells. Because I just don't know about the transfer in between clam shells and squats. But to suggest that all motor control training movements are essentially useless for essentially everyone would be a gross overseen, and I don't think that would make that. Yeah, my question here would be to define what motor control training is. All right, so what about superman's for lower back extension? I say that's just a movement, right? I would view the squat as a motor control exercise. Well, you have to be motor control. Sure, I would view the deadlift as a motor control exercise. I would view whatever goal movement you're trying to train towards, just an exercise in motor control to execute said movement. Sure. But there are categorically unique motor control exercises that we can like deploy. Well, that's needed for this kind of thing. Do you think that there's an exercise that requires no motor control? No. That's kind of the point. Kind of the point here, right? And so just reflexive. Yeah. So I don't know that I can't think of a situation really almost never have had to regress to some sort of very, very non-specific movement, like a clam shell or something, to get somebody to be able to squat the way I would like them to squat. And that's not patting myself on the back for like remarkable coach skills. But rather that, again, within our view and model of the significance of technique and things like that, and also recognizing that in the world of motor learning, allowing for greater movement variability, we have pretty clear evidence that allowing for more movement variability can actually improve motor learning. Meaning that if I'm introducing you to a new movement, rigidly restricting you to only be able to move in a particular way, actually makes it take longer for you to learn how to do that and to urge to allowing you to explore different strategies to execute the movement. So allowing for movement variability has been shown to accelerate motor learning. And so I tend to not be super nitpicky on some of this stuff. And in fact, sometimes we had somebody this weekend who I was coaching on a squat, and he had an issue with consistently getting on his toes when he was getting in the bottom. And I was queuing him off his toes, off his toes, and he wouldn't really come off of his toes. And so we had talked about the use of certain movement variations on the squat in order to expose him to alternative ways of executing the squat as potentially a way to acquire new strategies to stay off of his toes, maybe instead of low bar squatting, all the time, introduces a high bar squat, change a few variables in the picture and find new some new strategies to execute this movement. So all of this is an exercise in motor control. I think that, you know, demanding, I would again caution the question asker here, a way from perfectionism, of course. But of course, we also want to acquire the skills to execute these movements. And I think that, you know, it doesn't take a ton of coaching to get people within a reasonable degree of acceptableness that then refines itself on its own. So on my deadlift platform this weekend, had a trainee who was having a lot of just kind of slop and wiggling around during the movement. I told her I said, this is not something that I can really coach, just something that's going to work itself out as you continue to practice this movement. Because the wiggling around is different on every single rep. So it's not like one cue that I can use for this. That's typical. That's like, you know, when you're an infant and you stand up for the first time, you're deciding how to take your first few steps, they all look different, right? As you gain your bearings about, hey, how does the world work? Here you're gaining bearings on how the deadlift works, or how the squat works. So allowing for motor variability in the early stages of motor learning, I think, is actually useful. And another case for using variation a bit earlier, rather than rigidly, prescribing, you know, a single perfect way to move right from day one. Would you say that it increases the learning curve? Or it is. We're not going to go there. I'm just want to say for the record that if you increase the learning curve, it's a deeper, deeper, then you are achieving mastery that you're learning faster. All right, compared to a sustained, we'll agree to disagree. Yeah. They're a grass from PC, Godships, the inventor of DC blocks. Well, one of the theories about DC blocks are very versatile. I mean, I'd be recycled plastics, 100% recycled plastics here in the United States. They're two inches tall, and they're only 10 pounds, the weight in each one, you can stack them up, as high as you want. You can do weight, they're originally, they are designed for weight, lifting exercises, to train high block or little block snatch, pools, and clean and jerk pools. However, you can do all-grain squats with them various plant metrics. Get a giant out of the 101 uses for using blocks. Depth of slip lifts, depsy, dead lifts, locked dead lifts, step ups about going to the... Yeah, they're great. I've definitely, I've done a bunch of pulls off them. I've done use them for splitsquats, and everything else. The best thing is they're much lighter than like a traditional set of jerk blocks. Which, yeah, it's, you can actually move them around your gym. And then where can people find out more about them? You guys have a website at ISEU. First of all, you can find more on it. WDU.dcblocks.usa.com. Now, Derek, take us through, just give us a brief synopsis of your weightlifting history. So we're gonna ask you a weightlifting history question. I want people to know if they're not familiar with you, where you come from and what you've accomplished. I started back with those about 16 years old, I watched a couple of... Where the thing was very big on television, back in the days of what they've seen, why I've watched sports. So, and I played football, and I was very small, but fast. So, like high school, where the program was just for bigger stroke, half squats, dead lifts, bench press, and things like that. That was doing, back then you can find magazines on the grocery store shelves, about where the muscle of fitness, strength and health. Iron man magazine. Right figure, oh, I see these guys put them in the right-s over there. What's this about? Ask my net. If you knew anybody coaching that, it just so happens, the best bread was coaching in Belville at the time. He took me down there, when I was 16, and I had a talk, Ted Frank, taught me the clean and jerk. Dad, I just fell in love with her. That's all I wanted to do, right? That's all I wanted to do. Yeah, and then you've had quite a story career. So you ended up going to Olympics twice. Ninety-dated four, Ninety-dated. Was the Nailup Games, Ninety-dated, I qualified for my junior world championships, and junior Pan America championships got third there. And then several World Championships, a Civil National Championships, and several European and Asian different championships, and Australia, Australia, you're basically like that. Very cool, very cool. Now, so this is important to give people context. So we're going to ask you, how you were around when people were training the press during the heyday, when it was still a contested lift. How did people press so much weight overhead? How did people do this? Well, to be true, I think they did. I did beat the press I've never made a little bit of water. But I started in 76 and then was right after they got rid of the press of 72, however. The guys I drank with were very good. The press and they still did the press. Got it. And so I was always amazed, because my daughter knows that we have a terrible family history. I've become from descendants of T-REFs. Big legs, big butt, big back. But little spiny arms. We can only feed ourselves. We don't like to do push-ups, and you don't like to do presses. Yeah, so what would be, so I was, they taught me a little bit about the press. And when you power clean, you're supposed to catch the parkly with nice posture. Maybe you go for a jumping position to the right to a swap position. feet, which you catch for a nice and high. Well, the Olympic press was a power, essentially a power clean of the tie or split clean. Then you sit, so catch it here. Right from the jerk. You catch it immediately, sit back. Right. That's your position for the press. And that becomes, I don't know if this looks little bit back, so I won't do it just like you're sitting back like this as opposed to here. Then you can throw it to give you the command to press, just like you do, and power the thing. And you put it up. And then you put it back. And then you sit and up. So you're saying that you should catch it while you're laid back. Ideally, that's how you would start the press. The accuracy of the start command for the press is you catch it with just your stand there and then I'm not. Right. If you look at no nonsense, old school, the way that they're on Facebook, you guys really post great videos of people press it. And it becomes, oh, that's pretty apparent, how they just, they can just follow not this and like this. Yep. And then they launch it. From the front, then once you're like you're fine, you're pretty, pretty upright. Because the referee's rational order, then you hit like you're on the stage. Right. Thought it there. And then also, you're not supposed to reinvent your three-pender feet. But how can they see that? You're supposed to have these at least straight. Well, sort of politics got into things you could have a little bit of a knee bit. Oh, maybe they can see that. Maybe they know maybe the soil is blood. The referee doesn't see the disease of America. It doesn't see the soil being guy. Right. And then vice versa, same with Soviet, you know, you America judges. Now it's a disqualified, a Soviet lift or versa, no whole course now. Yeah. Let's really insightful, Derek. Thank you so much for taking the time. Really appreciate it. Thanks for your attention. See you this guy. See the clouds amongst the sun. See the day for everything that could be. Stop training on that smooth button. Run. We are. Open your eyes and see everything it was. And isn't will.