Hey YouTube, Chicago folks. Thank you for joining us here. Thank you for coming this weekend. We are in, well, it's Evan Stan, Illinois. But we're going to do a Q&A. We've curated some questions, curated questions. We're going to get into the same way we normally do with the laptop. Okay, let's go to the first question. How do you deal with people with very low self-efficacy? Do you get to a point where you've dismissed a patient because they're unwilling to change this? Dr. Baroque. So, this is a good question because a lot of people, this is an issue that a lot of people have in terms of having low self-efficacy and a lot of it has to do with social, cultural understandings of health and health promotion and health care. These are people who end up being, they end up utilizing a lot of health care in general. For almost any symptom that they have, they may end up making an appointment or coming in or going to the ER or the hospital or something like that. And it's out of their own concern of what does this mean and I need treatment for this or I need, you know, experiencing a symptom means something is wrong and that means that something needs to be fixed. That is something that is very difficult to assess or manage or kind of work on. So to speak, in that particular setting, in that acute setting, like if they come to the hospital, that's not the place or the time to do that, mainly because they're so worried about what they came in for. But for somebody who has a longer term relationship with this individual, be it a primary care doctor or a coach or if it's a relative or a friend or something like that, I think the main thing that I would try to do is try, like we do with behavior change in general, is try to educate, try to identify barriers and try to knock down those barriers as much as possible. In other words, you try to get them a win with something. And once you get a win with something that they may be successfully been able to self-manage the first time, they're able to work through their own back to week, for example, that's a win. And then that can start to build some positive momentum for these people because their entire cultural understanding, the way they've been taught about this stuff, too date, has revolved around needing other people to fix them. And if you can kind of violate that expectation, that expectancy violation is a principle we use when we're treating issues related to pain. If you can violate that expectation once, you might be able to break the cycle and start to build some positive momentum and get some wins for the individual. So I think identifying barriers, breaking them down, educating, and then getting your first win is a big part of this process and trying to build momentum from there. I've never dismissed a patient because they're unwilling to change this because if they are coming in because they feel they need help, that would be profoundly unethical to say, well, you're unwilling to help yourself get out of here. So I have a certain ethical duty to that individual. Obviously, I might feel that this individual may be able to manage certain things on their own if provided the skills and the resources and the tools and the education, that's something that ends up being a long-term process. But no, I have never and probably will never dismiss somebody or refuse to work with somebody on that basis alone. Yeah, not a patient. Actually, I don't think I've done that to a client. Like there's certainly been clients that I probably should have adjusted our coaching and client relationship early on. Earlier on, so that we could have a more productive relationship. That being said, how do I deal with people with very low self-efficacy? So a lot of the stuff goes back to the behavioral change lecture we talk about identifying where somebody is on that trans-theoretical model of behavioral change and providing the right resources to them at that time. So again, most people with low self-efficacy, it can stem from a wide variety of different deficiencies. So if somebody's in that pre-confrontation state, they might lack the actual insight into, well, here's why this is a problem. And so again, providing education at that point may be very useful. If somebody's like, yeah, I know that it's a problem. I just don't feel like I have the actual practical tools and skills to make an action plan. So again, you're just addressing, many people were there at and addressing what they need at the time. I don't know that I've had anybody that I've been working with for a substantial period time, have that long-term relationship. That's just been like, nope, you still bad, still terrible. And we have a selected population if they come to support this in a sense. They're selected for people who are motivated enough to buy into this. 100%. Like Australian. The main thing is that you can't, I guess you're putting it under, under pressure on yourself if you're trying to fix this in five minutes, can't do it. Or one visit, can't do it. It's not possible. So I think if that's your expectation, then you probably, unlikely. Yeah. Gary. Question number two, I have many pre-menopausal and menopausal athletes in my gym. This article sent to me. It's article from, was that JCI? Yeah, Greensdale, Greendale, 2019 for people who don't want to look it up. Yep. I believe it essentially states that in the pre-menopausal stage, lean body mass decreases and body fat increases and then sticks during menopausal. Yep. Is this article supported by data? What would you suggest to help people keep as much lean body mass as women age? So yeah, that's definitely the general trend that is reported in the data, suggesting that people who are either perimenopausal like they're very close to going through menopausal or they've gone through menopausal will lose lean body mass and gain fat mass and that is very difficult to get rid of. But these are untrained individuals, thing one, thing two, you would expect due to the relative anabolic nature of testosterone and now that they've lost a significant amount of estrogen that they would be in a better position to put on lean body mass, but it's not in fact case. There are other factors that play, including just increasing age and general which is anabolic resistant type of situation. So yeah, right now as far as the actual resistance training and data in older and post-metapausal women suggest that they can in fact lose body fat and put on lean body mass and there's scores of weight loss data in this population too. So how would you as a gym owner as a coach as a healthcare professional counsel somebody on, you know, increasing lean body mass and decreasing fat mass? So it's not different than what you would do for somebody who's not perimenopausal or post-metapausal. It would be the same. It would be a calorie restriction for fat loss. It would be engaged in irregular resistance training with progressive overload, you know, and meeting the least, the physical activity guideline minimums, right, and going up over time because there's this dose response relationship between training volume, strength and high-perch fee and a preventative weight regain, particularly in folks who lose weight. So I don't know that I would change and just like we said in the female under chronology lecture, I don't know that I would change any of my management based on the fact that somebody's perimenopausal or post-metapausal other than like noting it, noted and then moving forward. So and this article, you imagine if you read that and you were post-metapausal or like getting cl- not you. Peri. Oh, yeah. And you're like, no, I'm going to lose all my gains. Yeah. I guess people could respond to it in two different ways. Sure. I agree. Most of this is in untrained people and that is the trend. And of course, the important thing to remember is that when we use the term lean body mass, that also includes bone. And so in this situation, that perimenopausal transition is actually a good amount of it, actually occurs due to decrease in bone mass, particularly in untrained individuals. The paper they sent actually intelligently, they did not include bone mass changes in their analysis that showed some decrease in lean body mass attribute of the things like muscle mass water, things like that, and increase in body fat. But again, those changes can be attenuated or minimized by actively training throughout that period. And I agree on the other side of the transition, we still don't view that as a quote unquote special population in the sense that they need some sort of special training approach. We still approach them and treat them from a training or a programming standpoint similar to. Yep. All right, move it on. Question number three, assume in a person who's taking an adequate fiber, adequate servings of fruits and vegetables and is eating within maintenance calories. Is there any reason to limit the intake of simple sugars added or otherwise? What would be otherwise? Added or included in the food. Yeah, right, or other ones. Sure. Within the confines of maintenance calories. My response to this is it depends because there's a handful of medical conditions that have a fairly tight relationship with total sugar intake and worsening of that particular disease hyper-triculist or idiness, one of them. I still think though if you're maintaining weight and you're an appropriate body weight and body fat level and you're getting in the recommended amount of fiber and you're getting in, you're one of the 25% of Americans who are even meeting their fruit and vegetable intake goals per day, which puts you in rarefire air. That you're probably okay, right? And I don't think I can make a strong argument to the contrary. That being said, I think that if you need to lose weight, you know, so this would take this out of the context of maintenance calories, then I think reducing added sugars and simple sugars would be a good idea. The other thing I'll say is most of the time added sugars, particularly in the American diet, Western diets, and particularly in America. It's from sugars we can beverages. And the problem is with liquid calories, we don't really compensate very well. So if you take in 300 calories of liquid beverage, you're unlikely to compensate, if it's a sugar sweetened beverage, you're unlikely to compensate by eating less whole foods later on. We're just not very well set up to do that. So I think in a weight loss situation, I feel much more strongly about people avoiding sugar in the form of sugar sweetened beverages. That's like one of the first targets I look at in a weight loss situation for some people from a dietary change standpoint. Yeah. But like in this question. It's not a strange question. It'd be like you ask him, you're like Jordan Lovman. Okay, my macro is now. He finally convinced me to count my macros. And I'm wondering, what is the safe upper limit of sugar intake? I'd be like, you're fine, dude. I just do whatever. Hit your macros, hit your fiber intake. Right? And make sure that you get in your vegetable food servings in. It all turns to glucose or some sort of simple sugar anyway in the gut. So, yeah. So, I'll cut it. Today's biochemistry take. Alright, question number four. Once the patient has lost 10% of their body weight, what is the value of further weight loss, on text or something to loss about 30 pounds, be in my one from 35 to 31, should I be more aggressive about further weight loss? That's a good question. And so if you check out the American Academy of Clinical Necronologists obesity guidelines, which I, again, think are like the best obesity guidelines we have that are published and they're free, which is neat. There are some conditions that are obesity related health conditions that do respond to further weight loss. So the range that they'll advise between 5 to 15% or even greater. So, there's, again, some health conditions that have this dose response relationship to weight loss and health improvement. So it really depends on what your health status is right now. If you still are suffering or a burden of disease related to carrying too much fat mass, then I would encourage further, probably worth pushing on. Yeah, I agree. On the other hand, if you have no medical problems, your waste or conferences within check, you're very active, meaning the, again, physical activity guidelines, minimums, and I don't know that can make a case for further weight loss unless you have significant risk factors or if you just want to. Yeah, if you want to. So people like, should I get abs? I'm like, I don't know if you want to. I don't care. That's what Austin's texts that I wake up to. Should I get it? No, excuse me. You guys know that's a lie. I can only do so many hypothetical Austin news for them. Okay, question number five. Do the doctors have any experience or data to share reacute neurovascular events or injuries from training? For context, I've seen a handful of patients with concern for Sentinel, Aneurysmol, hemorrhages or reversible vasoconstriction syndrome. How would you counsel these patients? I think I can narrow down where this question came from in our audience. Oh, geez. Oh, geez. Yeah, it's neurologist. It's a nerve, it's a nerve, it's a nerve, it's a nerve specialist here. So yeah, risks of resistance training is an excellent question and it's a topic we've actually been considering adding a new lecture to the seminar on that particular topic. We just have to figure out where it's going to go. Yeah, it turns out we're a short on time here, you didn't notice. So when we wrote the initial up-to-date article, you know, of course they wanted us to include a section there on risks of resistance training. And the biggest risk that they were concerned about us risks that they wanted us to talk about were cardiovascular risk with resistance training, musculoskeletal risk with resistance training were like the big ones. And so we didn't actually, they didn't actually ask us to do stuff with respect to nerve ascose stuff like stroke and your ismal hemorrhage or RVCS, which I've only seen a couple times, I'm sure you see it much more, much more than I do. But so while Jordan was lecturing, I actually dug in a little bit to see what I could find. And there's actually not surprisingly very little on this with respect to resistance training in particular and risk of and your ismal hemorrhage and stroke. I did find one paper from fan and colleagues from 2000, published in British Journal Sports Medicine and the title is Physical Activity and Subaract Noid Hemorrhage, a population based case control study. And so in that paper they said four of the 149 subaract noid hemorrhages in that paper 2.7% were associated with vigorous activity. They said that after their case control analysis, the risk of subaract noid hemorrhages increased during vigorous physical activity. However, they said that higher levels of long-term regular physical activity over the past year were associated with a lower but not statistically significant risk of subaract noid hemorrhage. So they were able to show that chronic levels of training were protective against risk of hemorrhage, stroke, but that during probably and shortly after the episode of vigorous activity, your risk goes up by some non-zero amount. And that's the reason I brought up the up-to-date articles because that's exactly what we ended up finding in the cardiovascular risk literature. In the sense that when you do this sort of training, you are accepting some degree of increased risk of things like sudden cardiac death. Every time one of us comes to train or do anything, there is some non-zero increase in risk for something like sudden cardiac death. They said that in the absence of like unstable chest pain symptoms, people who either have stable coronary disease or no-known coronary disease, that the risks of resistance-based exercise and vigorous physical activity in general, vigorous in this context being defined as greater than six myths, which is like jogging, running, not that vigorous really. The benefits significantly outweigh the risks. And that's kind of what I would come back to here is suggesting that the benefits of exercise likely outweigh this risk. And of course you are among these few people out there who end up seeing these complications, which is unfortunate, I don't think that we can necessarily advise widespread population-based screening for something like this or intervention upon that. For reasons we discussed for our videos in our screening podcast, we went into that in detail. So we are accepting some degree of risk every time we do anything pretty much. And so just like everything else, there's trade-offs like Tom was saying all weekend. So from this standpoint, based on the little data we have, most of which is not based in resistance training, we can attempt to generalize and say that the benefits of this are not based on the risk of being able to do this stuff likely outweigh the risks. And that's probably the only way that I would be able to frame it when counseling a patient on this is the risks of training, which are likely present and non-zero compared to the risks of not training. And of course, it doesn't necessarily have to be that kind of dichotomy, right? So patients may say, well, can I just do a lower intensity type of exercise instead? I'm like, well, you could. I can't tell you based on evidence that that is actually reducing your risk any further. If that would make you feel safer or less afraid, because if I know that I know that if somebody told me that I had an aneurysm in my brain and that I was at increased risk of something terrible happening with vigorous activity, that would probably be on my mind when I went to go, you know, coal 700, right? Yes, yes. So there is some risk, you know, the overall data suggests that the benefits likely outweigh the risks, but of course that is hard to convey to an individual. They're like, but I'm not the population. I'm an individual. What is my risk? And I'm like, which I could tell you, there's probably so many people that we train who have undiagnosed aneurysms in their brain and they go their whole life and then you find or they end up dying of something else or maybe they one day they do die that. And so that's probably the best we can do in the same way that that's the best we can do from a cardiovascular risk standpoint. There was a 2017 meta-analysis we cited in the up-to-date article where they were saying that like these specific risks with respect to resistance training from a cardiovascular standpoint are likely under-reported and generally not specific to resistance training. So it's like it's very hard to draw confident conclusions. And so the best we can hope to do is present some of this information to people and say, yeah, there's a risk. There's a risk to not doing this as well. Best, you know, data we can we have right now. Best we can generalize. We can say that it's probably, you're probably better off if you train than if you don't. But there's some risk, sorry, you know. Yeah, stuff. The overall risk for resistance training from like an, like an in, a musket of skeletal injury standpoint for all types of resistance training. So like CrossFit, strongman, highland games, powerlifting, bodybuilding, Olympic weightlifting is very, very low. The average two to four injuries per year, per athlete or 0.5 to two injuries per thousand participation hours, which is nearly the same as walking, which is 0.3 to 1.5 injuries per thousand participation hours in walking. If you add gardening into the mix, they nearly completely overlap. So watch out for that garden bro. Like the musket of skeletal injury stuff is really low. But when we did our training podcast, I looked up resistance training injuries, resistance training induced cardiovascular events. So like for, and this for for men, for instance, it's one in every like one and a half million individuals. So the acute risk of having a cardiovascular event. And women is one in every 34 million individuals, something like that. But the overall paper and the and the studies that are based off of suggests, yes, this risk is in the acute like early stage like you're never trained before. This is an un un, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, you're you're not accommodated to this level of stress. So yes, there's a non zero risk to begin with. But the chronic benefits of exercise are, you know, well established. And they reduce that risk over exactly exactly. It's just that acute sort of risk. The second part of this is as far as like screening goes. So like what sort of screening is recommended in exercise. So if you're a personal trainer, if you're a healthcare professional, you're like, well, can this person train? So I'm a client like the patient level, a client level. What they can do is take the pre-participation activity, uh, uh, uh, screener, the park you, people are cue from ACSM. That's freely available. And if there's a positive screen in there, they get referred. They should be referred to a either sports medicine professional or doctors familiar with it. There's a paramedics, which sounds awesome. And there are specific paramedics for different healthcare conditions. Like cardiovascular disease, pregnancy, things of that nature, that helped God the clinician. So those are the actual like takeaways. If you're personal trainer, your coaching, you're like, you know, I don't know what all this stroke stuff is about. So we'll just, I'll just pretend that I'm listening. That's, uh, that would be the take home from that. Okay. Oh, is this the question? This is the question. What is the current evidence of reduction in knee pain from gel injections? But you mean like hair gel? No, this is the highly ironic acid. I, J, or Visco supplementation. Did I tell you something? My first coach that I ever had. So this guy, he was in my brother's PA class. Okay. A little bit of a nut. You know, I think you know that this is well, I don't want to drop names. Okay. Because the tubes. This guy was like, yeah, I've been injecting hyaluronic acid into my hip. I was like, you wait, you've been injecting yourself because, well, yeah, I just want to see if it works. And I was like, what? He did not have a good outcome from that. But I think that mirror is the actual evidence on this overall in the, yeah, like, actually, I don't, um, just, by your tone. I mean, people do hip injections of like the, the trochanteric bursts out and stuff like that, but like an intraroticular hip injection. I know it is challenging enough to access without like, there's some things. X-ray guidance or something. He's doing this to himself. Anyway, okay. So, hyaluronic acid is this, it is a molecule that is used as part of the synthesis of collagen. It's involved in collagen synthesis and some of the other connective tissues in the need. Not collagen. Cartilage. Excuse me, I said that wrong. Um, and so the thinking was, oh, this is a part, a building block for cartilage. If we inject this building block into the knee, the knee will take it up and know what to do with it. And things will get better. And so it's been tried. It's actually quite expensive. People get this sin-visk injection, uh, usually it's a series of like three injections over a course of a few weeks. And, um, so to quote, the evidence from large double-blinded and high-quality trials indicates that intraroticular hyaluronic acid has a small clinically irrelevant benefit over intraroticular placebo. So, of course, I've seen lots of patients who say, yeah, they get the gel injections. Once a year or something like that, and it makes their knees feel great. Wonderful. Um, all the high-quality, you know, adequately controlled evidence that we have on this suggests that those benefits that they receive are contextual effects placebo effects, meaning, meaning responses like I described in the placebo lecture where, you know, they're sitting there. They have these achy knees and the doctor who has, you know, counseled them and told them about this material, how it's part of cartilage and how their knee is bone on bone. And this is going to help to restore the lubrication and help their knee move nice and smoothly. Preps them sterilizes their knee and they get to watch this needle going their knee and this syringe full of this fluid that they know is going to make their knee move nice and smooth. Get their oil change for their knee gets injected slowly into their knee space and like, oh, I can't wait for that to be in there afterwards. They're moving around. Like, yeah, that feels awesome, right? And then you do the same procedure with a placebo injection. Weirdly enough, they get the same response. So I do not recommend people get highly organic acid injections. I think the cost for the small clinically irrelevant benefit that you get from it is wildly unfavorable. And I think that most people in practice mismanaged knee oste arthritis and this has been echoed not just by me, but some of the recent publications and British Journal Sports Medicine, whether they've talked about, you know, evidence-based guidelines for managing musculoskeletal pain and oste arthritis, which echo a lot of the things that I presented in the pain injury and rehab kind of talk earlier today for people who want references on this stuff. There's a paper by RUTJES as the author from 2012, Anos of Internal Medicine and Jeves of R in 2015, Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery. And so that's the extra effort that I put in to look this stuff up while Jordan was lecturing to give you guys some sources. I guess I almost wore the citation separately. I guess we need it here today, but there's your citations. Yes, Smith was off for the study. Who's Smith? I don't know, but RUTJES sounds like, yeah. Sorry, would not do. Would you do PRP? Nope. Would you do cortisol injections? So cortisol injections, I generally don't recommend, but to the extent that they have evidence, it probably beats out a hyaluronic acid injections. I still don't tend to have people. I was trained to perform them and every time I performed them, I was like, hey, I'm doing this right now. Yes, sure. Yeah, what I would do is just bring in a big needle and then like drape, effectively drape. And then be like, yeah, no, I just anesthetized you very well. You didn't even feel like going, yeah, get that placebo. Okay, with programming, nutrition or training, is there any evidence that shows that weekly follow-up is more advantageous than daily, twice per month, et cetera. Do you see some clients require more frequent touch points based on their experience levels? I knew clients needing more contact than a client of 40 years, for example. The data on this is actually interesting. So there's a lot of data that's been emerging due to online apps, for instance, and different online sort of health services, stuff like particularly luck and few other entities. So effectively, the more touch points that you have with individuals engaged in weight loss, for instance, the more professional touch points, the better they do. It's not perfectly linear, but that's just a general rule. And I don't know if I've seen enough data to have a good opinion on the granularity of that, one-time per week, first twice per week, first three times per week, first, once every six, you know, six days or 12 days. Rather, I do know that most of the recommendations suggest at least weekly follow-up, at least weekly follow-up for people actively engaged in behavioral change. So the way that I've seen this work practically in my own sort of practice with individuals who I'm following up with is that initially, the weekly follow-up turns into usually twice weekly, because it's usually, here's my check-in, here's what's been going on, then I provide feedback and ask additional questions, and they give me another answer, and then I give them an email. So it's usually twice per week, maybe even three times a week, initially, and then that just goes down and down and down and down until it's just once per week. Where people, not, it's not that they don't have questions anymore, but they're, they don't need as much acute management. Their questions are more like theoreticals or philosophical, or they're like coaching, and they're like, well, what should I do in this situation, right? It's not a personal question about how they, you know, something they should do that week. So that's been my experience, and again, I know the data suggests from this professional effect, sort of standpoint, like people have more touch points on average do better than those who have less touch points, and as soon as the study ends, for instance, for a weight loss deal, when people go from seeing people either once a month or once every two weeks to seeing nobody, they do worse. The weight regain rate is very, very high post the study ending. Give me any else? No. Yeah. I mean, frequency tends to go down a bit over time from the rank beginner to, I think that's intuitive. The training thing is actually interesting because I have not seen any data on like physical activity compliance with either online sort of health services or like frequency of follow-ups. I'm sure that something's out there. I just haven't seen it yet, as far as with my own sort of practice. Again, like it starts out hot and heavy at the beginning and then just gets, gets more spread out at the end. Okay. Knowing what we know about the bio-sicososium oil, hey, did Daniel do the rap about the bio-sicososium oil to you? Yes, it was excellent. It was excellent. It was the best one he's ever done. We're going to put that. He posted it on his, uh, Peter. We'll share it. Peter, yeah. Did you focus to uproar? We'll get you crispy. I'm not the one. Mmmmm, yeah. down. It's gonna be okay. It's not the love down. It's got a three-to-slope range. Yes, I'll cut the weight down. Step forward. Rage motion. Can't get down. That's down. It's slow down. Put it up. Put it down. All the time. You're not a machine. It's gonna break down. You'll hide it down to the ornaments. Hope that's the break. And... Knowing what we know about the Cycle Social Model at what point does a certain movement pose an injury risk? And when should that person seek intervention from a qualified professional? So I think there's two questions. Let's answer the first question first. All right. Knowing what you know. Probably. About the... Well, knowing what you know you... Yes, right. A Pistumol... Knowing what you think you know about the Biocycle Social Model, what point does a certain movement pose an injury risk? I think that a way to succinctly kind of summarize the point there is that certain movement poses an injury risk at the point when you are... You've been... You're not adequately prepared for that movement. Sure. That's the way out summarizing. Right. So people like to dichotomize good movement and bad movement as if there's some universally like correct way to move or a universally incorrect or dangerous way to move. Again, this is stuff we see. That gets shared to us, but we get tagged in this stuff all the time, somebody's like, oh, if you just lift your arm like this, that's like, you know, red X for bad for your shoulder or something like that. We don't agree that there are inherently harmful movements. We think the body is very robust. Resilient can execute a wide variety of movements, can tolerate and adapt to a wide variety of movements. However, when somebody undertakes some sort of a movement that they are unadapted to handle, they're not adequately prepared to... That's when there is likely some increase in risk. And that may be, you know, in the sporting world like field sports where you're competing with other people. And there's a lot of, you know, that's where a lot of ACL injuries happen. For example, planting and twisting and dodging around other people, where the environment is much less predictable and it's kind of... To an extent hard to prepare for something like that, outside of general strength training and the other evidence-based ways we have to reduce injury risk in field sports. And in the gym, you know, we don't tend to be very, very perfectionist with our movements. We like to promote the same sense of resilience, but we like to say that, hey, you know, whatever movement style you end up kind of gravitating towards. If you train that for a very long time, you know, that's fine. That's why we see people who round back deadlift 900 pounds without evidence of issues because they've been round back deadlifting since they were very beginning. The gym probably added five pounds. Well, that's oftentimes, you know, the way it goes. So they've adapted to that movement strategy and that's probably the way that I would summarize the ideas about like movement and injury risk. There aren't really concrete, you know, high risk particular movements that I can point to particularly in the gym context. Of course, in field sports, again, certain types of planting and twisting and stuff like that are going to pose you to certain risk, which we may be able to reduce certain interventions. But for our populations training in the gym, you know, you can move a whole bunch of ways and be fine. It's just the loading, the progression, the adaptation that matters. You wouldn't suggest that people take a lateral blow to the knee with the helmet. I would not suggest that. Yes. Yeah, I agree that I don't think there are any like unique exercises that we can perform in the gym that are uniquely injured like have a unique injury potential. Unless you're unprepared to perform those exercises, not from like a skills standpoint, but mainly from like a workload tolerance. Loading stance. So that being said, I don't think that again, performing any exercise in particular is necessarily dangerous unless you do too much of it compared to your previous workload. You know, towards too heavy, which yeah. So the interesting thing is like people say you should never do an upright row because you'll saw your super-subinatus tendon in the half. Yeah, I mean, there are lists of these things behind the necklaces that are even squatting. Yeah, it's like you've just tried to harm people. You've just posted an article that's hurting people, which is ironic because you're, you wrote the article to try to help people, but what you're doing is hurting people. By putting this negative expectation, this hyper vigilance, this exercise of witness in their head, got forbid somebody reads this upright row, and ever has to lift like groceries up like this and like, oh no, my super-subinatus tendon. Oh gosh, I need an MRI immediately. Some hyaluronic acid. So yeah, I think that you summarized it perfectly. I wouldn't suggest that any exercise is injurious, just like any particular technique during an exercise is particularly injurious unless it violates that acute on chronic workload or somebody else like hit you. There's uncontrolled ballistic movements. Unproductive stuff, traumatic stuff. Yeah, all this stuff goes out the window, but in a controlled training environment, you can adapt to all kinds of crazy stuff. I mean, if you look in other sports too, right, you look at gymnasts, you know, you look at various other types of sports. Like, people can do all kinds of crazy amazing stuff with their bodies, right, when it's properly dose progressed and, you know, adapted to overtime. And again, the injury rate for resistance training at large is lower than a lot of those other. Yeah, so like body building, for instance, has the lowest injury rate of any resistance training modality of power lifting's right after that, which again, if you look at that specific data, you're looking at less than two injuries per thousand participation hours. Now, if you look at just strong manner, high-ling games on their own, you're looking at like five and a half injuries per thousand participation hours, which may owe themselves to the movements not being able to be scaled quite as linearly, right. So like you go to a strong, if you're competing strong man, right, then you have to like subject yourself to a lot of exercise that you might not be able to train at your particular gym. Just use you lack the implements or the specific thing. You can do at the competition, which is bad deal. You want to comment on the last part, like when you've answered that one, but if you don't want the professional deal, we've answered that one. Okay. If you're concerned, you can see, you know, I mean, we can't tell you to not go see somebody for something, so if you're concerned, what do you go get not recommended somebody to do? Yeah, but we can't guarantee whether this person who you're seeing knows what they're doing. So it's kind of an unfortunate thing. So that's why I don't really have much to say on that. Yeah, if you're worried, I would recommend seeing a professional, if you were asking for a particular professional to see, I think Derek and Mike. Yeah, I would recommend that. If it's a musculoskeletal injury, pharmacist and training, those guys, I don't know if people do an a better job than they are. So anyway, okay. Moving on, what happens if you replace saturated fatty acids with proteins instead of carbs or other types of fats? Okay, so I talked about this in the lipid lecture where we talked about was saturated fatty acid intake, the role of replacing it with other types of nutrients, whether that be other types of fatty acids, unsaturated types, polyunsaturated fats where we have randomized control trial level evidence that that type of replacement reduces cardiovascular risk. The mono-insaturated fatty acids where we have evidence suggesting that it reduces cardiovascular risk, although not super super high quality randomized control trial evidence. And with carbohydrates where we said that replacing it with refined carbohydrates either has no effect or increases cardiovascular risk and replacing it with more complex or whole-grain carbohydrates tends to decrease cardiovascular risk. When replacing saturated fatty acid intake calories from that type of intake with dietary protein, there is also no randomized control trial evidence on that with respect to cardiovascular risk death things like that. However, there is evidence that with respect to certain cardiovascular risk factors that it generates an improvement in those things. I think it is likely that you would get an improvement from something like that, but I don't have clear like RCT evidence to point to on that. A good reference to look at for all of the stuff that I just said, if that was like a blur, is this paper by flock FLOCK and colleagues in 2014 titled macronutrient replacement options for saturated fat effects on cardiovascular health. Yeah. The way I like to think about that is if you're trying to reduce saturated fat intake, as long as you're not replacing it with either trotter or sugar, like trans fats, you're probably okay. Yeah. Yeah. But if you need to lose weight, like I just wouldn't replace them. You just go into the calorie deficit. Just lose some weight. Okay. In a classroom situation where a professor either teaching a regular exercise science or health course or a professional medical class, when they teach information that's related to pain or injury that is not supported by evidence, and it's potentially harmful to the people listening who don't know any better, is there a place as a student to talk to the professor about this if so how should it be done? You want to start? Yeah. One of our clients and PT students who is in our Facebook group posted about this recently and he was like losing his mind because he tried this and got a massive backfire effect. So it may or may not be worth your time. It's important to get if that you have a sense of the extent to which this professor who is in a position of authority over you who is a lowly student, who doesn't know anything from their perspective, how receptive they may be to some sort of evidence. If you think they may be, then the way I would do it is just, hey, have you seen this evidence? What do you think of this? Now they may well say, I don't like it for whatever confirmation bias reason that leads me to reject evidence that I don't like. If that's the case, then just move on with your life. If they say, you know, that's interesting and look more into it and it spurs some discussion, then that's a huge win. But I think that you cannot put too much emotional investment into this thing. You may be able to, you know, introduce them to something that they've never heard of or read before, which would be impressive. If you manage the pull that off, I think it's unlikely if you're say like the first year post grad student or something and you have a PhD that you're presenting this stuff to. Just recognize that yes, the information that you may be receiving is net is is incorrect or harmful and you may be seeing this as like the end of the world because all of your classmates are taking this information and they're going to go out and spread this harmful information. And while probably true, the world is very large place. So, you know, if you're unable to impact that person, you cannot, you know, hang your personal self worth on your ability to influence this and just move on with your life and try to influence those who are more open to this stuff. I think that's the biggest thing that I've kind of had to learn over time was just to detach myself emotionally from some of this stuff because some people just you're not going to get through to and the world's going to keep on turning. All of the back of the has no feelings. Yeah, it's a weird one. A little known fact. 17 years. Yeah. Yeah, which is while we have people claiming that they're, you know, ahead of the evidence, especially in the rehab world and they say they're practicing ahead of the, they're just waiting for all the literature on their favorite modality. The favorite modality to catch up. Meanwhile, the evidence suggests that they are in fact 17 years behind. Yes, correct. Yeah, it's what's it just. You know, the interesting thing was this, so like an arm medical education like our neuronatomy professor Dr. Aravich, shout out to PFA, you won't watch this, but maybe he did. And he made it this far. And he's still watching. He actually taught us a lot of this pain science stuff. Like it was there. Now, every presentation that he ever did to us was like hundreds of slides and say you're just like, okay, and this is in medical school order and other classes that are also hundreds of slides. Yeah, and you're like, okay, but he it was all there, right? And the interesting thing was like, see, you would expect as somebody who's now up on pain science because it's been communicated to you in a way that's successful digestible and something you understand. You're like, you guys probably eaten it up, weren't you? No, we were stupid. We couldn't. It wasn't available. We didn't have a mental model to like for that to work within everything else that we knew. And even then amongst other professors, they weren't necessarily saying that either. So it's not like we were getting beat over the head with this every single time we just missed it. There was just too much information and we were unable to process it in the way that hopefully you guys have now processed it after it was presented here this weekend. This stuff was told to us in that school and it just. Yeah, because we were too busy trying to memorize everything else we had to memorize. Yeah, but you went back and saw him. Can you imagine if you were like, told him with his pain science stuff he goes, yeah, so I just got PRP injections. Oh, you're like, no. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Okay, cool. Last few questions. Yeah. To clarify, is there no additional benefit to higher repetitions as recommended in the star rehab protocol? Is it the load reduction that is helpful to the rehab process, not the higher reps and metabolic fatigue? As the movement in and of itself and load reduction, the key factor in reducing healing time. Question mark? I really had to like go up. It's like stoop. Yeah. Working on a little nomm? A little beginning, middle of the night? Are you? Yeah. No, no, no. You deserve a break. Okay. That's my best doing. So this question has a number of assumptions that I think I would just get out of the way. So the star rehab protocol, just for you guys don't know, is that if you whatever movement you injured yourself on, let's say that you hurt your hamstring, right? This is for muscle belly. It's supposed to be for a muscle belly tear. You tore a hamstring during the squat. Whatever. The first person's ever done that. No, let's say that happened. Then you would use the squat and do five sets of 20. The next day at a very lightweight, maybe the empty bar. And then you would add 10 pounds and continue to do that until it got heavy enough for you had to do sets of 10. And you would do in five sets of 10. You do in nothing else besides squatting on a daily basis to reduce scar tissue, apparently to encourage blood flow to the area. I know like look. Okay. All these things are supposed to be happening. A few things. The star rehab protocol is not evidence based. Meaning that for muscle belly tears, resistance training in that fashion has not been shown to like in reduce time to recovery. That being said, being sedentary has been shown to reduce our to to encourage increase the time. It takes you to come back to your previous form. So yes, we would encourage activity. But we would not necessarily recommend the star rehab protocol. So if you're asking like, should you do the star rehab protocol full stop? No, I wouldn't do it for anything. I would not recommend that's not wouldn't be my recommended rehab protocol. The second part of this is asking are there a benefit to doing higher petitions during times of if you have an injury. And I think that is a reasonable sort of program modification because it reduces the load that you're going to be working with. You have less expectations about how much weight you can handle. So you're not going to take it up to RPE 11. You're not going to turn your amp up to 11. You're going to be like, I have to do such a 15. That sounds terrible. I'm going to go to a more moderate load. So in fact, if you look at our knee rehab template, our low beat, low back rehab template. All of these things start at higher repetitions. And then work their way back to normal training. Okay. Also helps improve like sort of strength, a force production endurance. So strength endurance sort of deal also gives you a little bit extra volume to build your sort of tolerance to training back up before you return to your normal training. So high repetitions can be very useful. Okay. That being said, it doesn't like shorten the window to recovery of performance. The last thing I would say on this, the load reduction is certainly a part of being able to participate in activity when you have an injury. Particularly in this in the theoretical context where this is supposedly applicable. If you have a muscle tear and for some reason you decided to not reduce the load. Right. If you could, right. That would not be particularly intelligent thing to do. Yeah. You almost have no choice but to lower the load. And if you want to get a training stimulus from it, then yep, reps are probably going to go up. Yeah. The way I think this happens is like, star was asked by somebody to be like, hey, what should I do if I have a torn hamstring? And he's like, um, I'm going to make this up. Just do this. Maybe like, let's, let's start rehab protocol. Bill Star was a great lifter, which is true. Great lifter. But I wouldn't recommend that for any rehab of anything, even a muscle belly tear. What would I recommend? Let depends on a muscle belly tear. I don't think I would recommend five sets of 20. That's a hundred reps. The hundred reps. It's a lot. Um, you know, it would probably be sets in the 10 to 15 range of exercise that you can tolerate that, you know, work a full range of motion and potentially the injured tissue. And if you can't work that injured area, because it's just too sensitive, too painful, whatever, then I would do other exercises that don't work that area, yet allows you to continue being physically active. I know this crazy stuff. Well, it's kind of like when I presented the approach to injury and I was talking about like the load increment. And I said like a five to 10 percent load increment. For example, as our usual approach, particularly early on in the rehab phase, and I added the caveat that this is made up. And it's not evidence based. And I fully admit that, and that's just our general recommendation. I mean, this is the same thing. This rehab protocol is also just made up. And certain people have had good experiences with it, which is fine. Um, I'll also probably take a different approach to rehabilitating these sorts of injuries, but fortunately, we don't see these sorts of injuries all that often. Yeah. But it'd be definitely a tears. Yeah, just don't happen all that often. So what would you do if you rupture your biceps tendon? Uh, I would get surgery. Oh, really? Because you're that concerned about these statics? I knew that your bodybuilder heart. Yeah. As you can tell by my, you know, enormous digestive zones. Yeah, exactly. The YouTube's gonna have a field there. Right. Yeah. All right. What's the intensity break point between the 150 to 300 minutes of modern intensity activity per week? Verse, the 75 to 150 minutes of vigorous intensity activity per week with regards to the physical activity guidelines for adults? Uh, so you look this up. You can go ahead and do this. Well, I just wanted us to give specific answers. So in that literature in these specific guidelines, they define moderate intensity activity is something that is between three to six Metz, Jordan talked about in Metz in his lecture referring to metabolic equivalents. It has to do with a metric of kind of energy expenditure and examples of activities that fall in that three to six met range would be something like walking. Somewhere at least three miles per hour. Light cycling would be in that three to six met range versus vigorous in this literature greater than six metz of activity would be something like running. And so the idea is that from the physical activity guidelines from 2018, they suggest that you can do either or or combination of the two in order to achieve a target of 500 to 1000 met minutes in a given week. In a met minute, you would basically take how many metz you're expanding and a given activity times how many minutes you're doing it. So if you have five met activity for 30 minutes, you just multiply the two and that gives you a measure of how many met minutes you expanded. You want to get a total of 500 to 1000 met minutes. Now, most people out there and we certainly don't expect you guys are going to be tracking this and calculating your met minutes per week, right? They have to give us something specific to counsel people on. So moderate activity three to six met range, vigorous greater than six. They're met, you know, met about equivalent charts that can give you ideas of how vigorous of activity we're talking about here. So either or or combination to hit that target is the goal. Yeah, the way I actually do this like practically is if for moderate intensity stuff, it's RPE six or lower, which is more boring than hard. You can talk in complete sentences. You can't sing though. It's like a little harder than singing. And then for high intensity stuff, you cannot talk in complete sentences, just short stances. Kind of this respiratory RPE, if you will. Restart RPE. What if I do a thousand met in one minute? It's a one arm deadlift. Maybe. Maybe. All right, last question. Okay, do you have any suggestions on how to collaborate between doctors and trainers? I guess it depends on like who you are. And actually, I think if you're a doctor, it's going to be easier to collaborate with a trainer. Yes. If you're a doctor and you walk into a gym, like a black iron gym, or someone you have great coach. And you say, hey, I am a primary care physician or an internist or whatever. And I have a lot of patients I'd like to refer to you or like to collaborate with you so that we can, you know, help reduce all these diseases of Western civilization. And then the guy's like, oh, like, I don't know what you just said, but I've been to squats and you're like, cool. Not that bad coach, they know, build what insane. Build what they're like. Build what insane. Build what insane that. So I think it's much easier for the doctor to actually take the initiative on this one. I probably wouldn't necessarily recommend that a trainer try to take this on their own accord and be like, reach out to a bunch of doctors. Because I think it's, yeah, well, so the deal is because I think it's almost a waste of resources. What I would rather have them do is hook up a physical therapist and other sort of care providers like that so that you can transition people from. People are being discharged from rehab. Correct. Exactly. And at that point, then the, just trickle up effect. Right. Yeah, that's what I think has a higher success rate. I mean, when I was coaching full time like that, that was my, that's what I ended up doing with PT's and Powerpractors in the area. And then I ended up getting hooked up with a few internists who also wanted to refer me to people. But I already had this sort of cache a where I was like, oh, yeah, I'm working with Dr. Soinso and his patients or her patients. And I kind of had that already. The other thing is if you're a trainer, this is the interesting deal. Like the ACSM call American College of Sports Medicine, that certification, the health and fitness specialist carries so much weight in the medical community for no reason. The certification is not great. It's not great. But they're like, oh, you're ACS of certified. I've heard of them. They did the sports medicine fellowship. They do all these other guidelines like this. Great. And you're like, cool. It's the cheapest main certification that I can get. So thanks for recognizing. So I think that's useful. As far as how to sort of do this collaboration though, the way that I envision this, the way that I envision this and the future is that People like trainers and doctors are working together seamlessly. Meaning that doctors like, yeah, I have this patient in my primary care practice and I'm sending them to you for therapeutic exercise. Well, I'm sending them to you so that you can get them up to meeting her exercise guidelines. There if you got to be clinically relevant. Yes, there if you're a little more specific. And also engaging in nutritional changes that I've recommended. And now you have more time to counsel them. Sure. And I think doing that instead of like the diabetic education program, for instance, I would rather have people do that. Yeah. That's it. Thank you. Thank you.