Alright, it was stated that intermittent fasting has little to no long-term health benefits. I thought that it has been confirmed to improve insulin and proof sensitivity to insulin and the problem of insulin resistance is a big topic. So I was surprised to hear that intermittent fasting wasn't more accepted this weekend. So what I said was that there are no unique benefits to intermittent fasting over any other type of diet that's matched for calories or weight loss purposes for weight loss purposes for at which extends to things like insulin resistance, diabetes, hypertension, etc. There are no unique health benefits associated with intermittent fasting over the same type of diet or the different type of diet with the same amount of calories. Suggesting that there's nothing uniquely beneficial to intermittent fasting. Now the people on the internet will say, but you are telomeres or you're growth hormone or you're this or you're that. And it's like that's great idea. Okay, I'm glad that you read it physiology textbook. That's great. Where the citation suggesting is actually moves the needle forward with respect to human health because we don't have those studies right now. The latest two meta-analysis, one came out in 2019, one came out in 2018, suggests that there's no benefit for weight loss and no objective health benefit that's unique to intermittent fasting. It doesn't mean that intermittent fasting is bad. If that's your jam, if you're like, look man, I get up, have coffee, roll out the door, go to work, don't eat till lunch and then I eat until 9 p.m. and then I stop eating again and that allows me to be adherent with the correct calorie level, hit my 10 servings of fruit and vegetables per day, hit my fiber goal, maintain enough lean body mass that concourse with long-term health outcomes, train appropriately live, unactive and fulfilling life. Then, woo, rocked on. On the other hand, suggesting that more individuals switch to an intermittent fasting diet to achieve those goals is not incorrect too. If it is, in fact, you're a bag baby, like switch, or continue. But if it's not, there's no unique benefits there either. So I'm not against intermittent fasting anymore that I'm in support of intermittent fasting. That makes sense? All right. All right. We will find out. I'll be curious to see what comes to this chrono nutrition stuff. I agree. As of now, I've been a reason to recommend it over anything else. Sure, yeah. I like Boston Powers reference. Are you welcome? Austin, speed of Austin Powers, discussed the processes, the processes of primary and secondary pain sensitization of an area to an acute injury. Is there any evidence that secondary stress, process, persist, well after the injury is healed, and is there any tendency for the secondary process to de-localize? I.e. lead to increased pain response in areas other than where the original injury occurred. Yep. That's exactly what happens. So the question here is about secondary or central sensitization, which is somewhat of a poorly understood process, but in general, remember I described how acute sudden injuries tend to heal in a matter of days to weeks. But this process of sensitization, both at the tissue level and in the nervous system, the secondary sensitization process, begins at the time of an injury. Now in some people, this sensitization resolves as the injury heals and you go back to normal and you have no residual effects. In some other people, the local sensitivate sensitization improves, resolves, but the secondary sensitization persists or even worsens over time. So their nervous system gets kind of ramped up, gets into a wired up state where they're generally more sensitive. And the hallmarks of this are two phenomena, one called aladinia, which refers to when you have pain and response to non-noxious stimuli, meaning that things that are not normally painful are now painful to you. And another would be hyper-algizia. Hyper-algizia was described as a situation where things that are typically painful are more painful than they would otherwise be. And it's not just restricted to the local area of the initial insult to the initial injury, or more pain, more tender everywhere. So those are hallmarks of secondary or central sensitization. What we don't know is why this happens to some people and not others, why this progression tends to happen. We also don't have very clear mechanisms of resolving it outside of what we typically do to treat individuals who have chronic persistent pain through education, exercise, and working the back-to-normal function, somehow, some magic happens, and people can kind of ramp back down over time. But it is a relatively poorly understood process. There's tons of research going into this research in the level of the spinal cord, or at the level of the brain, and pharmacology research, and psychology research. I think that as of now, if I had an individual who had a sudden new onset pain, an assessment of their pain self-efficacy, and there's a validated questionnaire for this for pain self-efficacy. If I could assess that right off the bat, that's going to be probably my misch predictor of their likelihood to progressing to chronic pain, or a persistent pain state. And so that's the main thing that I'd be working on is trying to beef that up and get them engaging in activity and addressing their thoughts and fears and beliefs and things like that. But I don't have any medications that can prevent this. I don't have any surgeries or injections that can fix this. I don't have anything else. It's a really bizarre process. And eventually maybe in a few years or a few decades, if we're still doing this, seven-harrin, we're talking about some of the things that they should have a better idea of what's going on then. But yeah. Uh, Jordan, that's me. Yeah. Do you say Panera or Breadco? I say neither because we don't have those in San Diego. No, I say St. Louis Breadco to anyone who listen to me because... Yeah. I'm representing, yeah, I'm six, three, six. I'm from the county. All right? What? A little more in a race to St. Louis, I was here for 24, 25 years in my life. I love this place. I introduce these folks to Square Bionca pair, Emos Pisa. So these jokers did not believe me when I ordered this. So the record I ordered three X-Law to pieces, one Law to pieces, the three X-Law to the brooding, one Law to pieces, because often has peculiar tastes and pizza. I'm just wondering if you get them. But here's the thing, these are practicing pizzas right in. All of us are going to eat the substantial amount man. The worst thing is you run out of pizza. So, not in my watch. I'm gonna get ahead and guess your score, but... Thank you. Is it five stars? Yeah. So most people either hate it or love it. It's very polarizing. Polarizing pizza, Austin, what do you think? It's acceptable? All right. All right. So I'm happy to report that all of them said that it was great pizza, which is not the typical response. Because people have different expectations, but I think what it is is I inculcated their subconsciousness. I was like, hey, look, you set certain expectations. I did set it. It's like cracker thin. We have Provel Cheese. Here's what Provel Cheese is. It's got careaway seeds on there. This is great. It's my favorite. You're got a like it. I bet you're got a like it aren't you. People see photos. I did. I did. No, it was great. So I say something was bread companies from here. Love this place. But I will say this. Living San Diego is awesome. Okay. So yeah. All right. In Austin's sarcopenia lecture, he made the point that he wouldn't be as worried about a 75-year-old Jack dude who presented with the flu, but would be worried more about a 74-year-old who just lost a bunch of lean body mass. What does the mechanism by which increased levels of lean body mass protect the older people against things like flu or pneumonia? Can I just say that you're not sane? You're not sane necessarily. They protect them from the actual infectious ideology. You're insane. And what you did say they protect them from a bad outcome. Secondary to that infectious. Sure. 80-ology. Yeah. The best way to prevent that stuff is to get your immunizations. But you know, like vaccines. But you know, big vaccine is so, you know, paying us hand some leave. I'll expect that check. You know, from the American Academy of Pediatrics. Big newme of X. That's how I threw. You imagine? I'm getting prevenor and newme of X chicks. Yeah. All right. So the mechanisms of frailty of sarcopeneal of caceccia, all these kind of categories of a decrease in lean body mass, or really complicated, has to do with inflammatory processes, immune processes, endocrine hormone related processes, processes related to your kind of your energy, metabolic status. So there's a tons of things that when sarcopenec, sarcopenec, it can be a reflection of those bad things going on, meaning it can be a proxy or a surrogate marker of a whole bunch of bad stuff going on underneath. Then reflects an increased risk for bad things happening. But in addition to that, remember how I mentioned that lean body mass, particular muscle mass, is a storage site for immunosens. And that serves as a reservoir for these immunosens in periods of high stress, of fasting, of illness, things like that for your critical organs that actually need these immunosens, we're able to do their normal functions, do what they need to do. So it's a two-pronged thing. One is that the sarcopeneal reflects all these other bad things going on under the hood that leave you more susceptible to complications from these things, whether it's to flu, pneumonia, or even increased risk of like post-operative complications, if you're to undergo surgery or something like that. So if I admit an 85-year-old person to the hospital and somebody's suggesting that they need to undergo surgery, I'm like, they're pretty high risk of having some complications likely of dying from this, from undergoing this surgery because of bad things happening because of all this other evidence that I have to suggest that. But also if they're sarcopeneic, they have low lean body mass, low skeletal muscle mass. They have relatively little physical, what we call a physiologic reserve. This reserve that under periods of stress, they cannot tolerate it as well, and they're at risk of various complications. Whether that be a cardiovascular complication or they go in a renal failure, they have. Some other horrible complication that can ultimately result in worse things happening or end or death. But unfortunately I see this nearly every day because in most of the patients that I see are frail and some fashion, whether they're cakedic or sarcopeneic obese or they're just sarcopeneic on its own. And all these things are just increased risk for bad things happening. So that means that when I'm doing things two people act to be very cautious about what I'm doing, particularly to these older people that I see most of the time. So if I have somebody who's really enthusiastic about some interventions, I'm going to say, hey, let's re, you know, rein in the excitement about doing this thing to this person, because there are some significant risks that we could call some harm here, right? And we have to be cognizant of that, particularly because they're thin and frail and weak. Maybe if they really need this, maybe we can get them to a better nutritional status, better strength. State before we do this, if it's more of an elective thing, if it's an emergency, you do what you got to do, or you figure out how necessary it is for them. They're current situation. But one really cool thing that I think it's overlooked with respect to muscle mass is that when you train it and you engage it in like heart efforts on a regular basis, it actually releases hormones that act locally and also systemically to do really awesome things like decrease inflammation, decrease pain, for example, improve immunological function, etc. They're called myocines, these little muscle derived hormones, and they do a bunch of really awesome things. And failure to actually use your musculoskeletal system to do to engage in regular, you know, vigorous physical activity, I think, is one of the big big problems. I mean, it is, in fact, one of the big big problems of modern society. And it's funny, we did last night we recorded this little segment called this or that, where people asked us questions, it was this or that. And so one of the questions was like, would you rather all doctors know about the physical activity guidelines, specifically recommend resistance training, or would you recommend that all doctors know about the nutrition nutrition guidelines and recommend those? And we're like, unanimously, physical activity guidelines. So we think it's a bigger, bigger biological level to pull. And so if you want to help your parents, your grandparents, family members, other family friends, etc. Age gracefully have a good high quality life, get them to train, get them to train, take them to the gym with you. Okay. Three more questions left. One of three. You are both very specific with your language. Does this stem from med school, legal ramifications in business, or have you both always been like that? Definitely haven't been like that. Yeah, so I don't, not necessarily legal ramifications either. I don't think either of us have this like preconceived thought we're like, this could get me in trouble. Haven't been sued a whole bunch. But I think we're both very clear on the extent of how confident we can be in saying certain things. And we want to say things that are, you know, as clear as possible and as accessible as possible and stated in a way that's also true. So we have to say them in a way that is very carefully selected. And so neither of us wants to be wrong and neither of us wants to be misunderstood. So we try to use very careful wording to accomplish all of those tasks and be succinct. Wait, even though I fail miserably. Yeah, you do. This is succinctness, yeah. It's fine. You leave out the nuance. That's why I edit your stuff. By bringing the nuance. You leave out the nuance. And I got to bring, yeah. Yeah, I agree. I'm not a ton to add. I mean, I think it's just, I would, the things that I say, the claims that I make out, pretty be able to defend and not necessarily in a legal sense, but I'd like to be able to support what I say. And that means that I can only go so far as what I'm able to defend. If, you know, I'm not a fan of just making shit up, which a lot of people are fans of making shit up. That's easier. It's certainly easier. Do you want, you know, especially if you can just ignore block whatever people who can you imagine what we could do. We could do so much if we just decided to make stuff up. Yeah, say things very confidently because the public prefers concrete answers. Yeah. Right. And then we just, we're doctors. So yeah. Also, like, super strong. So check that. Modern, it was wrong. Well, yes. Yes, right. And the grand scheme of things moderately strong, unoppressive. Also, it's powerlifting to one cares. But yeah. We could do a lot with that. And it would be so much faster and easier to do. Yeah, we wouldn't have to read anything. You just say things. Yeah. All your pains from intentions. I can fix them. Yeah. Pay me. Sure. The reason why you're not your training, you know, is not going well. It's because you're not following my nutrition plan. My top secret, you know, gains, you know, master 3000 nutrition plan. You have to sign up for my eight week course and tomorrow. All right. Second last question. You are both big on saying that if you read something online that is demonstrably false or an accurate experience, just move on with your life and not engage. Have you always been this wise or was this learned from experience? It's definitely learned from experience. And probably for me. Yes. I like it. I like argue with these idiots because it's fun. It's just fun to see the mental masturbation that they have to do to maintain their own personality. Right. Like they are their personal view of themselves. It's like they have to go through all these hoops just to maintain, confirm their own previous view of themselves of the world. And it's like you have no expertise in this. All right. But I just to watch people squirm. It's so much fun for me. But here's the old one. So I'm like, you're the question said. I do it less. I do it less. But because I only engage in ones that I think that. The question said why don't you do that. Yeah. So here's why it's awesome. It's different. Yeah. Right. Oh, the difference is between us. Yes. But when I engage, it's only in a situation that's either highly public where everybody's going to see. And I think that I'm going to get some social experience out of the deal. Or that I control the playing field. Meaning you can't delete your thread. For example, or I could just block you or kick you out of the group. If you start being very, very aggressive and breaking the rules of the group. That being said in the last week, I've dealt with anti-vaxxers. I've dealt with lipid, cardiovascular health deniers. I've dealt with people suggesting that barbell training is dangerous. And particularly for the back and the joints just bad under joints. And also people that said that I wasn't doing enough for the vegan community because you owe it to them. And you know, so yeah, I've been in some arguments recently. But I think the reason why I engage in less of these now is because I've been just sucked in and wasted so much time. And ultimately it doesn't matter because nobody else is reading these things. Nobody is talking at a level where you're going to understand the other person's point of view. You're going to change the opinion. And then it's just one person. One person who if they have that much time to engage with you, it's just not important. Just let them go on living their life too. Yeah. Yeah. My indifference in these matters knows no bounds. Yeah. So I am a big fan of doing no harm and helping people who want to be helped. Sure. And so I tend to not get sucked into these things or if somebody tags me in one of these stupid posts and is like thoughts. Yeah. We don't respond to those. I don't really have thoughts until we're blocked. Yeah. Right. We found out we were blocked by the functional patterns guy, which is unsurprising. Yeah. If you've blocked us on social media like your accounts trash. That's 100% correlation. A lot of this has come from just the things that I've learned about social psychology. Yeah. And stuff like that. Yeah. Yeah. So I believe belief change and stuff like that. But likelihood that I'm going to actually change somebody's mind is vanishingly small. And the impact that that would have is similarly vanishingly small. So I just don't bother because I have bigger places where I could put my time efforts and generate better outcomes. So yeah. I just don't care enough to deal with these people. Yeah. It's interesting knowing all the traps psychology stuff and social psychology things. I think it does actually make us a little more amenable to change because we're like consciously trying to not be that way. Yes. And all sorts of having insight. Yeah. I mean like you're doing that thing again with the stuff. Yeah. So if you don't listen to the you are not so smart podcast, I would recommend listening to as many episodes of it as you can so that you can recognize how you're being stupid and consciously try to not be stupid. You got to see your blind on blind spots. Yeah. Sometimes you have a spouse for that. Big fan of that. Podcast. I prefer podcasts. Fine. All right. To each thorough. A. Yeah. Last question. When discussing non-modifiable things like genetics is there a percentage or way to measure just how much of your genetics are responsible for in terms of training outcomes. Can you ever truly overcome something that is genetic? Example someone with a tendency to carry excess abdominal weight will they ever have a six pack. So is there a way for you to measure this? No. We have rough estimates of like how much of certain different training outcomes are related to genetics. So for instance we think like strength high-perch fee outcomes like 50% weight at related outcomes higher than that. Some some people will say up to 70% but we're still trying to parse that out. But you can't measure it. Can't like take a blood test and be like actually you're at 65% yeah. So we don't know that. Even if you had a full on like genome sequencing of your own genome. So we can't really tell you. And then can you ever truly overcome something that is genetic? There are some things yes through heroic measures or ultimately a change behavioral changes that are in line with that goal. For instance losing body fat. Yeah. You could have a person who was born to overweight parents has been overweight their whole life. You know who ultimately achieves a loan of body fat to have visible six pack. And they could maintain that for the rest of their life. I could happen. It's certainly not the norm but the RPU will be high. Yeah. It could be high for a period of time. But it's a positive change. Sure. On the other hand things like a person who's got a 16 inch vertical jump who wants to turn that into a 35 inch vertical jump. You mean like you? Yeah. Yeah. It's not going to happen. But you could still lift a lot of weight. Yeah. That's true. That's right. So it just depends on some things have a little bit more ability. The greater ability to be modified. Then other things. Things like height for instance. If you want to play in the NBA and that's your outcome that you're really getting gun and for about your five foot five. You know. Unlikely to happen in the cards. You know, you could be mugsy bugs. The next, you know, the second coming. Yes. But it seems unlikely. Yeah. There are no pigneys that have ever made. And it made it to the NBA. They got a plastic door. Yeah. Yeah. On the other hand, if you're seven foot tall and between the ages of 25 and 45, you're probably in the NBA. You have a one and five chance of actively being in the NBA right. So if you know somebody's a true son, butter debt. Yeah. The only thing I would add to this is the first part of the question. Is there any way to measure it through testing? And there we go. Testing. It comes up once again. Here we go. Should you get tested? Do you want to know? And very often the answer is no. You don't want to know. So I put out some recommendations in terms of the things that we recommend prioritized for health purposes. The tests you should or shouldn't yet. Things like that. There's a really interesting paper I reviewed it for our first research review. They had to do with genetic testing. And what they did was they performed a bunch of genetic testing on these individuals in two reports of individuals. And the first cohort, they did some genetic testing related to their genes as they try and remember that the outcomes. One had to do with like their aerobic kind of predisposition for aerobic performance. And the other one, they were testing for a particular gene, the FTO gene that has something to do with satiety after a meal. So they did testing on these individuals. And what they did, the clever part of the experiment was when they delivered the results of the testing to these individuals. They randomized the results that they got to either the true result or they made up the, not the made up of the gave them the alternative. And then they did some repeat testing on these individuals. So for example, in the individuals with respect to the aerobic performing performance, gene that they tested, they were either told that they had the gene that would improve their performance or decrease their performance. And then they were randomized in terms of the results to either be told that they had the good gene that would improve your performance or the one that would decrease it. And then when they got the FTO gene tested that had to do with satiety, how full you get after a meal, they were randomized to be told. You have the version of the gene that will make you super full after a meal, make it super easy to, you know, be full and lose weight and things like that. Or to be told that they had the other version where they wouldn't have that. And in fact, it was glucagon, was the hormone I think, right? Well, they measured growling, G has one example. And they measured GLP one and they measured growling as outcome measures of their satiety. And in fact, what they found was that the hormone measures after a standardized meal, they gave them a standardized meal and measured how full these individuals got. And the level of the satiety hormones, the fullness that they experienced, was in line with what they were told their genetics were not what their actual genes would have predicted. Super weird. One of the coolest studies I've ever seen. And suggesting that knowing learning about your genetics can influence your actual physiology in the situation. So that would lead me to, yes, in this situation, how much your genetics are responsible for in terms of training outcomes. Can you ever truly overcome something that is genetic? If you were to go and get your genetics tested and they said, however they would determine this, your genes suggest that you will never squat more than 2.25. Your genes suggest that you will never get below 20% body fat. How much that would then influence what ultimately becomes reality for you? From a no-cibo standpoint. There is a substantial potential for harm there. I recognize there is a potential for benefit. Somehow, I guess if it tells you that you have a genetic predisposition to be superjacked, but that seems unlikely. So actually starting genetic testing. So what we'll do. You've got to submit my resignation to my medicine. No no, so you're not necessary. Testing. You send us a saliva sample and all of the results that go out is you're going to be superjacked. Super lean. Yeah, super self-efficacy. Yes, yes. I'm going to bore with that. Yeah, it's just placebo everybody. That's right. So we'll see about testing again. I caution everybody. I don't know how many more times I'm going to end up talking about this. Probably for the rest of my career. Caution people against testing that is not indicated. Because sometimes you don't want to know. Sometimes you don't want to know. Yeah, but anything is good old Leah back there. The longest time was like, I'm not a genetic outlier. I'm not a freak. And I was like, you've been to IPF worlds, the highest level competition after not really a long time of training. I think by definition, the U.R. outlier, she goes, I'm not. I'm going to get genetic test. Prove you wrong. And there's a particular gene, a CTN3, which if you have two copies of that, means that you're like super fast-twitch. You're supposed to be the powerlifter or the sprinter, you know, that's your jam. And lo and behold, who comes back, homozygous for ACT and 3. Lealance. Maybe I do have a genetic leg up on the competition. Yeah, so are you sure? Of course you do. You're going to hear a set of back to the non-leg. She does sound like that. Yeah. Yeah. How else? There's a way to win a eye next to another way. You can talk to you for a minute. So that's fine. Yeah. That's not getting tested. What does it matter? Well, how would it change what you do? Yeah. The only thing to do is hurt you. Yeah. So we have, I recently put up a post about my top recommendations for things that matter from a health standpoint. Yeah. It came to testing. I think there are relatively few things that we recommend, and they tend to be demographic or individual specific. Yeah. So there's a resource. I primarily direct this to clinicians to our medical students who are here. Go to the AHRQ agency for healthcare research and quality. They're EPSS tool, electronic preventive services, something, selectors and something like that. And you can put in your patients' demographics. Their sex age. They're smoking history. And whether they're sexually active or not. And that can tell you the screening recommendations that you would recommend for the individual. Greated by level of evidence according to the USPSTF, US preventive services task force, level A, level B, level C, whatever. Based on how confident we are from the evidence that this is a screening test that you should perform, whether there's evidence against it, or whether it's indeterminate. It was relatively few. The things that we can say for the overwhelming majority of people is a blood pressure check. Yeah. Right. Waste of the way. Waste of the way. Waste of the way. Waste of the way. Waste of the way. Waste of the way. Waste of the way. Waste of the way. Waste of the way. Waste of the way. Waste of the way. Waste of the way. Waste of the way. Waste of the way. Waste of the way. Waste of the way. Waste of the way. Waste of the way. Waste of the way. Waste of the way. Waste of the way. Waste of the way. You should serve an example, be prepared tonight for the financial success list before going. food allergy testing, generally don't recommend it. What about vitamin deficiency testing? Nope. Also don't recommend it. What about reverse T3? Don't get that done. Ever. What about my hormones? That's not a thing. Oh, what about gut health testing? Also not a thing. Okay, I think we've rented them. Yeah. So there. So if an individual, again, to echo what I described in the testosterone lecture, if there are signs, symptoms, reasons to pursue certain testing as a diagnostic process, then sure that makes a ton of sense. I would have tests all the time because I admit patients in the hospital who have signs, symptoms, or complaints that would suggest a certain pathology that I need to be looking for to diagnose. But a lot of people say, oh, I just want to get all the tests done just to know where I'm at. Right? I just want to get a total of no. Yeah, I just want to know. I just want to know. I just want to just do all the things for me. And like, you probably don't actually want that. Yeah. Right. It could lead to a whole bunch of unnecessary subsequent testing, subsequent procedures, subsequent interventions, or psychological harm that you're best off, just live your life. Just right? It's a nice way. It's a nice way that would. You don't need to know. We did it. Did it. Thank you guys so much for coming out. I'm going to great.