Do injectable corticosteroids have similar catabolic effects on lean body mass as described with oral systemic corticosteroids or do interarticular cortisone, shots only have a potential for damage you tissue within the joint cavity, ego, tendon rupture, or a cartilage damage. I can do this. Yeah. All right. So we talked in a couple instances this weekend about corticosteroids like prednisone, for example, as a catabolic type steroid that sometimes patients can take. They're also injectable types and they can be injected in different ways. So they can be injected directly into the muscle. They can be injected into an IV. They can be injected into a joint for osteoarthritis or other purposes that orthopedic surgeons and other types of doctors will very commonly do. So injectable corticosteroids, if they go in the muscle, yes, they have a systemic effect. That's pretty much the same as an oral corticosteroid. But it's pretty uncommon that somebody would be regularly receiving intermuscular steroid injections repeatedly over time. It's usually a one-time thing that they might get for a particular condition and then you move on from there or if they need continued treatment, it would go to be oral. So that's a less common scenario. I think this question, Asker, was more interested in the specific interarticular types. Maybe they have osteoarthritis in the knee and they get these injections put into their knees and the systemic effects of this stuff is pretty small. I would not be particularly concerned if somebody gets steroid injections in a knee or an adjoint that they're going to lose their muscle mass or get sarcopenic as a result. After multiple reasons, number one, the systemic absorption is relatively low. And additionally, most doctors will not perform these injections more frequently than about three to four months at a time, once every three to four months. I will also say that the evidence that these things work much better than placebo injections pretty weak evidence that they are super, super effective. So I would river it back to a lot of the advice that I gave in our lecture about pain and managing it and we have strong evidence that increase that strength training for patients with osteoarthritis can improve pain and function. So I would definitely recommend that. If somebody for whatever reason is a hyper-responder to these sorts of injections into their knees, which is the most common place that these get injected. And you know, they're getting them maybe once or twice a year and they're like, it makes me feel great for the next six months. I can do everything I want and I don't care if it's placebo and blah, blah, blah, blah. I'm like, cool. All right, go on living your life and do your home roller. I don't tend to recommend those or perform those for patients right off the bat based on the evidence based for them. But little concern to be had with respect to lean body mass with those steroids that go into the joints. Yeah, just as a frequency and dose of solos. But if you have an autoimmune disease and you're on oral systemic steroids for a long time, then yeah, you're at high risk for osteoporosis, high risk for sarcopenia, high risk for sepsis, for death, for all kinds of things from them. But again, you're balancing risks and benefits compared to the actual condition that you're treating correct. So. Okay. Question number nine. Is there hope for porous bond or seps training? How can they keep from getting discouraged? So it's interesting. You probably, this question assumes that you would be able to tell if somebody is a porous bond or to training early on during their training career or before they've even started training at all, which I would strongly disagree with. And I like Austin is a good example for this, so I'll just again use you. I mentioned this during our, I don't know which lecture it was, but in any event, Austin to begin into his training, he did a novice linear progression. And at the end of his novice linear progression, he's quite a 285 pounds, three sets of five, that was where he ended up, which is a patently average response. And what's interesting is that despite that being an average response, the creator of that program would say that's a below average, you didn't do the program right, you didn't gain enough body weight, you know, right. But I'm just saying that's what would be said. That would be on the outset that would be looked at being a below average response, even though, according to the average, it is the average based on the data collected on that free on that program. So in any event, that being said, five years removed from being what we would, what, the creator of that program would be in a low responder and what the data would say to be an average response, you squatted 625, which is elite level relative to your cohort. That is a great, massive squat. So we were unable to tell early on in his training career, whether or not he was actually a poor responder, average responder or a high responder to training. In fact, I would say that you're unable to tell if somebody is a poor responder to training based on the first dose of training you give them or even the second dose, because you may have messed up the formulation, right. If the type of training and type of stress that you've given them is wrong at each step of the way, you don't know if they're actually poor responders or if the stress to adaptation ratio is just off based on the wrong formulation. So I don't know that you'd be able to like chalk up that somebody is a poor responder training until they've been training for some period of time. So the most important things with early training early on that the people enjoy the process, they understand what they're supposed to be getting out of it, things that they're supposed to be learning from a self-efficacy standpoint. Okay, here's how I do the exercises, here's in general what the training goals are, here's in general how I should load the ball, like the you know, they're the gaining skills, right. And they're having fun doing it. That's what they're supposed to be learning early on. You don't again care like what is your max squat at 12 weeks. Like if that's the benchmark of success, I think that you know that's very short-sighted. Yes, jinx. And yeah, and I just don't care about that. So for people who have gone through maybe a year or two years of training and they think I'm a poor responder, I would wonder about the actual like types of training you've been exposed to because you might need a different formulation. Consistency. Yeah. And how often have you actually been engaged in training and what have been your barriers to like having consistent training. And then if all of those things check out, I'm like wow, it looks like you've actually tried a lot of things and you've actually been super consistent and your nutrition's been on point and all this other stuff. You're just not getting it done. It's like what are you going to do, not train? Well, how can we make this enjoyable for you to train, right? What sort of things are meaningful to you? How can we make this enjoyable to you? If somebody who comes in after two years of training, they have a 10 inch vertical as a male and like after squatting consistently for two years, two, 25 is their 1-rm and they're like the only way that I'll enjoy training is if I win USAPL Run Nationals. Well, it's like expectation managed. Yeah, exactly. So why is that important to you? And is there anything else that would make training rewarding for you? So I think the role of a coach is to identify people's talents and divert them into different directions where they can be super, very successful, right? So somebody might say, I just want to be basketball player, basketball is my jam, I love it so much. It's like, yeah, but your world class track athlete so let's push you into that sport. Same thing. So I want to be a power-lifter, I love power-lifter, I love power-lifter, so much and you're like, look man, you really don't want to do this. So I believe me. You push them into a place where they can be successful and I think that if you look hard enough and you have enough resources that you can probably find a place to push somebody towards. Yeah, yeah. So those are the last few examples of funny because I grew up playing multiple sports and played baseball for a bit and I was actually pretty good defensively, but I could not hit for shit. And I think it's probably because I have part of it outside of all the factors that go into it, but I have like as bismally poor vision. Yeah. My visual acuity is really, really bad. Notice he didn't say I hand coordination because that's not actually the thing, it's having above average visions. Yeah. And by the third grade, I was wearing like high-powered contact lenses. He's actually on his real eyeballs. He's weird. And you know, at that age, that was the only sport I knew and I was like, I want to grow up and be a really good baseball player or something. And I had to reframe my expectations as I grew up realizing like, yeah, it's not really going to work out. So then I got in the pool and I was like a little better at swimming. Maybe able to get myself into college swimming, but I was still not awesome at it. It wasn't like national level caliber at that sport. Then I find lifting and I'm like, oh, I'm like actually, decent at this, right? Until nowadays, when everybody else is getting so strong and I'm like, well, I'm not that good anymore, but I guess I'll keep training. Yeah. Well, that's the thing though. But so if I would have asked you three years ago, maybe even in his recent years, two years ago, hey, you think you're a better swimmer than a weightlifter, you'd be like, yeah. But now, you'd be like, I think I'm better lifted than swimmer. Yeah. So really, you should have just played, you know, like, lacrosse, probably. Something. OK. Question number 10. Can you speak on a posture syndrome as a relates to training other people? And not feeling qualified enough. Sure. I mean, I don't know the clinical, you know, or like, Wikipedia, the self-declimbing. Yeah. I'm a posture syndrome, just for people who are not familiar with it, refers to this feeling among individuals who are actually like, reasonably well trained in a particular area, or like who are practicing in a particular setting. Having this feeling that they're inadequate, not good enough, that they don't know enough, relative to their peers, even if they may actually possess all the wreck was it skill and training and characteristics and knowledge base and something like that. Oh, it's at that definition. This is in contrast to like expert beginner syndrome, where the opposite of like, done the done in crew of perfect. So sure, I think this is very common. Now, I can only speak from my experience and then my experience training other coaches, because that I used to have that job where I was actually educating other coaches. Nobody feels ready to coach people based on having a certain certification or a certain, accreditation after the name or a certain stamp of approval. I mean, when I first started training in 2007, you know, and I was like CSCS, ACSM, I got, I ended up getting my USAW club coach. Like I had all these letters right and I'd also been strength training myself for all decent period of time. Like I was fairly strong person. And I was like, you know, I've got the credentials and I've got the experience from at least on my own and I should feel somewhat comfortable like teaching somebody else how to do this. But I was asking the most basic of questions like, well, how many sets really should they be doing? Well, like, what exercises should they be doing? And that comes from just a lack of like wanting some deterministic answer. Like I want somebody to tell me, this is the answer. And have a firm thing. But what we know, what I know now is that there is no firm answer. I'm more comfortable now with being with the uncertainty of it all. But in the beginning, I wanted a definitive answer. So I think in Poster syndrome, in this particular case, people want to feel like I have the answers that they're very solid and they're all evidence based and that there's not a lot of squish there. But in the reality is you have to be very comfortable being uncertain with these things. But you just couch things appropriately. So to speak on a Poster syndrome, I think most people experience it. I don't think you should let it diswage you. And I think the biggest step that you can make towards getting rid of it or not having it, impair your workflow anymore is just trying to get more comfortable being uncertain and not having the answer. That's things you can be able to say that I don't know, I'll find out or I'm not sure. So even now, if someone is like, what is the best rep range for getting strong? Like, who doesn't exist? I don't know. I don't think that it exists based on present evidence. And they're like, that's not a very solid answer, Dr. Faganbaum. And it's like, best I can do right now. But in 2007, I'd be like, well, let me think about it. And then I'd try to come to some long-winded answer and then I'd feel even worse at the end. But I really don't know why am I taking people's money. Really what you're trying to do, especially as a newer coach or trainee, is you're trying to get more people to be physically active. You're trying to get more people to change their nutrition. You're trying to spread knowledge in your community, right? And not hurt people along the way. It's going to be really hard to hurt people unless you hold really strange opinions on exercise and nutrition. You're like, don't resistance trained, for instance, or never eat carbohydrates. Like, that's, again, having very strange opinions are the only way that you can really like mess people up. But as far as benefiting folks, you can do a lot without necessarily knowing the answers to all these questions. You just have to be okay, saying, I don't know. I'm not sure, or I haven't learned that yet, which is fine, which is fine. The main skills you need is a new coach, R2, to be able to coach movement and program. In a way that generally comports with what we know right now to be useful. And so everybody in here right now could program for a beginner, right? And has some sense of how to program for a more advanced lifter, right? As far as knowing exactly what changes to make and this time the other, that's an experienced thing. And even I don't have the answers there. I just have general sense of things. So yeah, I think a lot of that sort of feeling of imposter syndrome gets augmented if you are surrounded by other colleagues or professionals who appear to have everything perfectly down. They know everything about training, right? Fortunately, that is not the case. And those people are sharing you, faking it, right? Or they are inappropriately confident, right? And so recognizing that when somebody makes extremely, extremely confident claims about things that it is probably not appropriate for them to be that confident and that there is much more uncertainty as Jordan was saying than sometimes conveyed when these people make their claims or give their advice that might help with your feeling that. Because you might feel like I'm the only person who doesn't know the answer to this where is this guy saying, oh, no, you have to do it this way. This is the correct way to do things and everything else is incorrect based on my expensive experience. Well, fortunately, you can go to the research evidence on most things and use that to support your answer and support your knowledge base, which is the way we do things. Or at least generate a hypothesis whether it's not direct data on something. I would say that probably about, I don't know, maybe monthly, maybe more frequent, give or take. Jordan or I will find our way down some new rabbit hole of research or knowledge or some new topic area. And we'll send like one review article on the topic to the other and we're like, well, shit, here we go. There's this entire field that people have been researching for the past 30, 40, 50 years or something like that. We didn't even know this shit existed. And we're just like dipping our toe in right now. Right. And this is with our knowledge base and you guys, you know, how we have developed a pretty solid handle we think on the material we presented to you this weekend. But this again, involved like enormous, enormous amounts of reading and synthesizing this stuff and putting it together. And we're doing this entirely new areas that we know literally nothing about on a near weekly to a monthly basis. So we could feel in post-resendrum about every new topic area we get into. It's completely normal, right. But we just say rather than comparing ourselves to the way other people are behaving because they can behave inappropriately, faking it or being overly confident, we're just going to go with what the research evidence says on this or go to the scientific literature on a matter and fill out our knowledge from there as much as we can. What's the last thing you change your mind on? I'm not good at remembering these things. You know, what the last thing you change your mind on? Met's maybe. Um, I mean, that's one thing. Sure. Anything. That's anything we change our mind on. Once that, once that other paper came out that I said, yeah, yeah. So previously we thought, I told you guys this during the programming lecture where I was like, previously we thought eight meds just like cut off above that. You weren't going to get any additional like, uh, disease, uh, burden of disease reduction or mortality improvement, uh, with higher degrees of cardiovascular sporey fitness. But new review came out suggesting that there is a continued improvement after this eight meds of cardiovascular capacity. So the funny thing is after after we talked about that, like what's it like? Well, the, yeah, we were kind of stupid that we actually thought that other thought that other thing was the case, right? Yeah, we wouldn't being in better shape continue to get you more improvements and we're like, well, yeah, I guess we're stupid. Well, our, but it's funny, it's funny is because our original bias would be like, the more fit that you are, the better you're going to do. But then he's looking at the data and you're like, well, I mean, I guess I got a temper that a little bit. And then it comes back and we're like, yes, my original bias was correct. Yeah. Yeah. I think getting that idea across of being okay with uncertainty and recognizing that most people who are overly confident are probably either faking it or wrong, uh, we'll make you feel better about yourself. Yep. It's okay. We all, we all are anxious about our own education levels and times. Uh, yeah, I mean, well, I'm just saying, it's like, you know, if you think you don't know enough, sure like, oh, this bothers me. It's like, yeah, I mean, I've told Jordan I've heard somebody say, I know everything there is to know about strengthening conditioning as a direct quote. Like, nope. That seems unlikely. Yeah. Citation. If I believe that, I would say, how can I get that, right? It's not possible. Yeah. Okay. What recommendations do you make for weight loss and nutrition for a patient several years post-op, Ruin Y? That's a, I guess you might have. Over time, how does your body adjust to those changes? Does it return to normal absorption, asking for a friend? Need O. Uh, so as far as what recommendations I would make for weight loss and nutrition for a patient several years post-op Ruin Y, I wouldn't. Outside of potentially supplementation with like vitamins, if there's evidence that this person has decreased absorption. But usually those folks are on, uh, vitamins for life. It's just part of their post-op care. Uh, I'm not aware of data suggesting that they stop at any particular interval of time. Uh, that being said, over time does your body adjust to those changes. Those changes, I assume you mean, again, surgical right? Uh, not really, especially in a Ruin Y situation because there's not like an expandable, you know, or, or, or, or deflatedable or any other device. It's just, it's just, it's, you had surgery. Uh, does it return to normal absorption? So it's not that your absorption was, uh, necessarily like, it was diminished because of the surgical procedure. And because it was changed, it's not going to like come back. You've taken areas of the intestine that are involved in absorption and you've removed them and they're not coming back. Uh, so in that case, the vitamin supplementation is usually needed indefinitely. Um, I, again, outside of that though, I wouldn't make any specific recommendations like all you need more protein and more carbohydrates and any more fat, any more this and more that. Rather, you're managing based on results like how's your weight changing? How's your waist or conference changing, et cetera, et cetera? Um, at what your risk factors and what do you need to do? But it wouldn't be, I wouldn't take into account the ruin why procedure outside of like making sure that you're doing your post-op care as needed. Yeah, I agree. I think they need to make sure that they're not getting deficient in anything and then the rest is based on results. Like you said, there actually may be some sort of adaptive changes on shows. Sure, there's really a lot of things. Yeah, yeah. Um, in my mind, it's perfectly, I'm, you're plausible that somebody might have some adaptive changes to their new anatomy. However, I actually don't know what that is. So I guess imposter syndrome at work. Yeah, it wouldn't be surprising if there were adaptive. It would be more surprising that there weren't any adaptive changes. Yeah, I expect maybe some of the colonic mucosa or the small intestinal mucosa changes to the adaptive. That's a good thing. But I just don't know what happens. I haven't read that. That would be interesting to know. Last couple questions here. Sure. Given the current data and other observations, what is your stance on the validity and prevalence of non-cyliet gluten intolerance? My stance on the validity of it that people believe in that they have a gluten intolerance is clearly real. Like that happens. That's in, in reality. As far as what to do about that, I don't know that just telling them like, hey, you don't really have a siliac. I don't think that's the answer. And I don't know that we should actively be managing this because they have a belief system that's already in place that's part of their identity and how they eat, which is a huge like social cultural sort of input into their lifestyle. I would want to change that. People who are siliac and people in general who don't even have higher risk, cardiovascular disease, period. This is thought to be due to less intake of whole grains. I know the paleo crowd is going to roast me for this one. But even like the guy who brought most of the siliac research to the United States is like, you don't want this. You don't want to go gluten free. This is a bad diet. You shouldn't do this. Not only is it more expensive, it's less nutritious. So people think they're doing this for their health. It's not healthy to avoid gluten in any event. I don't know that we can run like a PSA, you know, sort of campaign where it's like gluten is your friend. And it's like, you know, there's a mascot and he's like, this pro-lamin protein. It's like in a bread, making things like chewy. I don't think that's going to work. But the data on it currently suggests that if people believe that they have this non-cylic gluten intolerance and they believe that they're getting gluten free food, they do better. If it has gluten in it, compared to, I think there's a few, I'm going to break this down a little further. I think there's a few different cohorts to consider here. So there's obviously the ClearCut Siliac disease individuals, those who have proven, you know, disease based on papsy or that's the gold standard for diagnosis of this. There is a cohort of people who believe they are sensitive to gluten. In fact, have no actual gastrointestinal disorder whatsoever. That's the other end of the spectrum. These are the people who have been purely no seabed by the internet or by paleopod casts and the like, people who, again, when I was talking about inflammatory diseases for sarcopenia or inflammation in the context of lipid disorders, I'm about real inflammation versus not real inflammation, people who eat a piece of toast and they claim that all their whole body feels terrible, but when they get evaluated and biopsied and things like that, there's no evidence of any problems whatsoever. There is a no, an established, no seabot-type mechanism for, so-called gluten intolerance in the certain subset of these individuals. I think there's likely to be, or there is a cohort in between where this non-cylic gluten sensitivity is not purely no seaboma mediated. However, what exactly they are sensitive to is unclear. There's some evidence suggesting that people in this, in between where when you do the removal of those types of foods from the diet, they actually get better, even in a placebo-controlled fashion, they may be more sensitive to what this so-called fog maps in the diet. So, the proteins, oligo, and polysaccharides, I think, is that cover-out? There's a particular subset of types of carbohydrates in the diet that they're made, they may be more sensitive to rather than a gluten itself. Just happens that some of those things coexist in a bunch of different foods. So, I think that there are basically two subsets of the non-cylic, gluten sensitivity people, the people who are legitimately sensitive to certain elements in the diet, that are probably not gluten that are probably other molecules in the food that they may actually legitimately benefit from moving as well as those who are not sensitive to anything biologically, but have been no seabowed purely and they tend to maybe they become hyper-visulant after they eat a piece of toast. How does my stomach feel? How does my stomach feel? How does my stomach feel? And as soon as there's like an abnormal girl feel like there it is. It's acting up on me. Yeah, it'll be a hyper-visulant. And so, yeah, I think. Can you think about our ancestors, like just looking, like if they can, if you're in a like, this guy has indoor, running water, electricity, what are these lights, unlimited food supply and can't eat toast? But bread is taking them out? Super-resilient bro. Yeah. And then the second part of this is, so think about it like this. You have a person who has four years felt like at certain different times of the year they've had an upset stomach. Which is the normal human experience. But when asked, yeah, I think that I've had upset stomach sometimes over the past few years. And my doctor doesn't understand me. They're always in and out super fast, they don't care. Then I went and saw my natural path, my chiropractor, or whatever. And they said, maybe you're sensitive to gluten, and they spent 90 minutes with me. And they listened to me and they understood all of my problems. And I'm not saying that this is bad, right? I'm not saying that you shouldn't spend as much time as you can with patients, but I also understand why this becomes so seductive. And then they say, I think you're gluten sensitive. Just stop eating gluten. Here's what has gluten in it. I'll see you in three days for your follow-up. Also, we're going to run this proprietary blood test. I mean anything, but anyway, moving on. And then the person reports, I cut out gluten. I feel way way better. See, it was the gluten. That's partly this placebo mechanism. And partly a failure to sort of accurately diagnose potentially a sensitivity to fondmaps. And it's partly a placebo mechanism. They don't expect patients and they're trusting that person. Correct. Do that. Yes. Multiple levels of psychiatric sorcery. Which, again, it's not all bad. We could learn a lot from being able to spend more time with patients and accurately hearing their concerns and communicating with them effectively. And I say that what we, the Alephatic Medical Community is just run a place under different time constraints, which is very, very difficult. And I am thighs with our provider friends. That being said, that's one of the ways that this happens. It's tough to deal with. So anyway, going forward, if you feel like you're this person, like I'm gluten intolerant, but I don't have Silly Act, I would challenge you. Half a piece of bread. Half a piece. See what happens. Don't pay attention. Don't like focus on it. Don't like put out your journal and your library. Quirtie. Time. Zero. Ingested. 120 grams of bread. Time. Zero point zero. One. Drink of water. Like, you know, don't do that. Just go on living your life. And if you notice something that caught, you know, brings this to the forefront. If declares itself, quote unquote, then, hey, follow up with, you know, your doctor, your real doctor, you know, the one who went to medical school. And go from there. But other than that, I don't think that people should be actively trying to go gluten free. Okay. Last question. This is my favorite question. Who would win in a fight, Dr. Fagan Mom or Dr. Barackie? And I would just like to say, there's a reason. So here's the thing. Dr. Barackie and I are both nonviolent. Individuals, Dr. Barackie is more of a nihilist than I am, though. He doesn't get sucked into as many internet arguments as I do. I'm more aggressive. So for that reason, I think Austin would win. I would get fatigued more quickly. He's got an endurance background. Also his low bar back squat without knee wraps is stronger than mine. So he would probably just hit Barackie as way to success. Yes. Yes. Who's the smartest? So we have objective metrics on this, right? We have objective metrics on this. So in medical school, Austin, you're your number one in your class? I don't know. I don't think they did class rank. Yeah, it wasn't like, but you were in the top probably three years. So I know that I was in the top percentage. We got the award, right? Percentage. So you had your junior, junior anyway. Yeah. Yeah. So I know that. Now let on our step one, which is like the stratification exam that you take to get into different residences, Austin got a 265 and I got a 257. So again, I have to concede to Austin this now. I've been my defense. I did start a business during that. I said a top 20 all time. Powerlifting total during that time as well. In Austin, he got married, engaged another interpersonal relationships with him, seemed to be important to him. So I think seem to be, well, nothing's real. So I think it's a draw is what I'm getting at, even though objectively, I think you'd beat me into fight. Do you think so? I mean, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't like, we're nonviolent. Yeah, that's part of the problem is that I don't think either of us had actually been into fight. Oh, yeah. I got jumped once. Yeah. I remember, I think it was like second or third grade. Wait, I was like, I was like, right in the, I was right in the school, but hold on. This is, this is, is it real? Yeah. And, and some kid was getting on the bus and passing. And I don't know, I don't remember who it was, or if we had a beef at that time. But he, if you pass a note to his girlfriend. He, punch, that, he punched me straight in the stomach as hard as he could. That was not the wind out of me for like, you know, for a long time after. That was literally like in second grade at this time. I was like severely jacked up by this. I don't know. I don't get it over to this guy. He just punched you. And then we both went on living our lives. I don't know who he is anymore. He probably doesn't squat 625 though. It's unlikely. You met him now. I can, I can hit driving out of the reach. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't, I don't know. I thought about having us on our muscle, but I don't want to do that. Because I have a meet coming up and then like the wood thing. Yeah, my elbows. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah. Talk away. Yeah. All right. All right. So, hey. Thank you. Thanks for watching on YouTube. You guys are great. See you guys next time. Thanks. With the way protein, people kept asking us which protein should I take, what do you recommend? And when we looked into it, we didn't really feel comfortable recommending any protein. So, we just made our own. So, we got four ingredients. The essential amino acid and BCA contents are very high. This is exactly what you want out of a way protein. Thank you.