Music There's so much for joining us here at our first seminar back since COVID-19. We're here in Norfolk, Virginia, Ireland, asylum gym. Thank you so much for coming out. Nobody clap this time. Yeah, all right. Thanks. Thank you for watching on YouTube. If you're checking this out, we're going to answer some questions that were submitted during our seminar. Thank you for doing that. If you're question, does not get answered here. Sorry. Go to our forum. We'll answer it there. And if that doesn't work, you should hop on one of my Instagram lives every Wednesday, 5 30 PM to 60 in a time. I'll try to answer it there. If that doesn't work, DM Austin. No, he's very active and responsive to DM's. Particularly ones that go to his unread folder. He's just, yeah, he's on it. So that works. Okay. Let's go through our questions. Question one. Does intro work out nutrition make a difference, such as gauge rate or other simple carbohydrates during a workout? You want to start with us? You got it. All right. I mean, I don't know if you have thoughts. I have some. Okay. Let's start with your thoughts. So I think we're talking about two different things with those examples. For example, if you're talking about Gatorade versus or like Gatorade 0, for example, or simple carbohydrates because there's some difference with respect to electrolyte content there. And I think for most people who are pursuing regular, just simple resistance training, barbell training, the type of exercise that that is, the demands of the exercise typically are not going to make intro work out carbohydrate supplementation really necessary. I would say a similar thing with respect to the electrolyte concentration for people who are doing right, just routine barbell base resistance training like in a gym like this. I think there can be some considerations depending on the environment that the person is in. That would be one thing and then other specific aspect of their training. So environment, I'll give you myself as an example who routinely trains in an outdoor garage in South Texas upwards of 110 degree temperatures 90 minute to two hour session losing substantial or not insignificant amounts of sweat. You could make a point for comparing, if I was just drinking lots and lots and lots of plain water during that session, let's say I ended up needing to drink, you know, two liters of plain water during that session versus something that had some electrolyte concentration in it, like a gatorate although I would also argue that the electrolyte concentration of gatorate is probably too low for that purpose. I could make a case for using something that had some added electrolytes, some added sodium, potassium, etc. during that session would be reasonable knowing that I'm not like measuring my blood levels throughout this session. But losing tons of sweat and I would prefer to replace a similar type of fluid compared to plain water if I'm going to need to use a lot of it. The consequence to drinking lots and lots of plain water is you can dilute your blood sodium levels down, condition called hyponectremia, a few other consequences that are best avoided. Of course, in the course of somebody who's training doing that, it's not necessarily going to be life-threatening in most typical training situations, but you hear new stories every year about, you know, college kids who go through hazing rituals and they drink tons of water until some kid dies or something like that. And so, hyponectremia is real and potentially risky. So that would be the point I would make on the electrolyte front for carbohydrate consumption, again, for regular routine like our type of parboil training, I think for most people it's not necessary, assuming that you're eating reasonably the rest of the day. You haven't been, you know, fasted for 24 hours when you go to lift in which case, yeah, you should probably get something in you if you want to perform well during the session. But, you know, myself, I typically eat anywhere from 90 minutes to three hours somewhere in that range before I train or consume something in that period of time. So I don't find for myself that consuming carbohydrate stir in the session is necessary. I think probably some folks who do extremely high volume bodybuilding training or something, they may have different opinions on this, but that's kind of outside my scope or put out what I would want to manage myself. Yeah, yeah, I think for resistance training, when considering adding an electrolyte drink, electrolyte replacement drink, one, the evidence on this is very underwhelming as far as suggesting any performance improvement, yeah, they're in the short term or like your next session being better. So I don't think I could recommend it based on current evidence. If you prefer the pallidability that way it tastes, right, and you're going to be consuming a lot of fluid because you train in somewhere that's very hot or humid or both or you sweat a lot. That seems totally reasonable to me, but I don't know that you need to do that routinely. Main thing that's going to predict how well you do in those situations is what you aid in drink leading up to that and not just that day, but also the series of days and weeks before that. So, there currently the best fluid intake guidelines we have for athletes or the NATA North America Training Association guidelines. You guys can check those out if you're watching this online, put them in the description below about kind of outline with the complexities here. Basically people sweat at different rates, different concentrations of electrolytes are in different environments, trained for different iterations of time, so making it like again a specific hydration sort of recommendation is impossible. But with respective performance improvement, like if you drink and get your aid, well, you're bench-press-go-up, like probably not. And then as far as carbohydrates or otherwise eating food during a workout. So again, the data right now on resistance training is not impressive at all. So from a performance standpoint, would not necessarily recommend consuming food during a workout unless you personally prefer it, which is the same way I feel about timing of a pre-workout meal. I personally like eating about two hours before I workout, but I don't like set a stopwatch after I finished my last fight to say, two hours, it's now time to live. That's just how it ends up working on my daily schedule. Other people like to eat a little closer to their workout or even a little further apart. I agree with Austin as long as you're not fasted. It's a good idea. And then that all kind of goes out the window when we start talking about endurance training, particularly endurance training that's lasting for over 90 minutes, two hours or longer than that. There's actually recommendations from the International Sports Society of Nutrition, talking about a actual carbohydrate recommendations per duration of time. I don't remember what they are off hand, but they actually give a carbohydrate recommendation. And I think that would be a good place to start. If you're an endurance-minded individual, but then I'd have to ask you like, why are you watching the Marvel Medicine YouTube channel? It's a wrong channel for you. They still want to get jacked. Yeah, no, it's fine. So in relation to your resistance training, like you don't need any goopacks or like, you know, what else would you would you have? If you were running a marathon and you knew that you needed to snack in the middle, what would be your snack? I know a mine is, but you go first, because I know you like answering stuff on the spot. Well, if you're going to have to consume it while you're running, then I kind of tend to agree that those kind of gel pack things are fairly quick and convenient and easy to throw down instead of something you need to chew. Sure. Well, one, I'm not a very fast runner. I know this surprised you. And certainly from running a marathon, I'm not moving very quickly. Okay. So you're going to sit down and have a meal because you may as well. Yeah, I'm not winning. I'm definitely not winning. The whole idea is to finish. And I think, you know, I don't want, but I don't want to get sick later either. Okay. So for me, it's going to be an Elvis Presley, which is a grilled peanut butter in jelly sandwich with a banana. And that's delicious. Yeah, that will work well. I'm not going to run with it, but I wasn't running in the first place. I was already walking. Okay. Yeah. And then, you know, probably a beer. It's got a bunch of electrolytes in it. Get a re-hydrating and also takes the edge off because I'm like, should I really keep going? Fair enough. Yep. Prodo. All right. Question number two. If hospitalized, should I have somebody bring me way protein? You know, this is a fine. Not a silly question. I like it. Yeah. I mean, so when I was an intern, I did try to routinely order people double protein when I was putting in their nutrition like Rex. So you have to put in orders for every patient you admit. And I'm in for diet. You know, you pick, oh, they end PO. So they can't eat anything. It's just, you know, liquids or whatever. I would routinely put in double protein. And every time I would get a page, they'd be like, the lie tissue and ask you why? Why? And I'm like, I mean, look, they're risk or sarcopenia. Oh, like, I feel like this is not like, no, this is wrong. Yeah. I mean, if I was hospitalized, I would try to eat more dietary protein. And I'm not saying that just because I'm like protein or gains. It's just the thing is, the risk of like critical illness, myopathy, bed rest, and it's effect on your antibiotic resistance, all those sort of factors, in addition to not training, would all put you up much higher risk for losing muscle tissue. And for most folks, especially those who don't have like a profound amount of extra muscle tissue to lose, having a concentrated source of dietary protein that is available to stimulate muscle protein synthesis. And there's also relatively low in calories and it's easy to consume, seems like a good deal. So, you don't, I mean, if you can't get it in the hospital, because they would give you insure or something or boost or something like that. Yep, there's effectively a protein shake that is low in protein. Well, with plenty of sugar in it. Yeah, yeah, I mean, look, it's got calories and so people can consume that and I'm not saying that it's bad universally. I'm just saying that if you're, you know, if you're going to have the insure, like I want the extra 20 grams of protein too, so get you, get you some way. Yeah, I mean, I think that's reasonable. On the other hand, the counter argument that I make frequently when we're talking about in hospital diets, because I am involved in making these decisions frequently, sure, is that it's unlikely to make a big difference on people's long-term outcomes when most hospital stays are not going to be particularly long. Sure, if you're in an unfortunate situation where you're in the hospital for like three months, then sure, I can make an argument that it's going to make a big difference there. But, you know, I'll frequently, majority of the patients that I admit to the hospital are going to be in the hospital for, you know, three days or less, most of them, and fewer are going to be a lot there longer than that, and then the fewest are going to be there for like weeks to months on end. So, somebody who's going to be in the hospital for a day or two days or three days, we're going to say, oh, they have heart disease, so we're going to put them on a heart healthy diet for a day in the hospital. Like, it doesn't really do anything. So, I tend to not be super picky about that because ultimately what it ends up doing is just restricting the patient's choices when they're in the hospital and they're already miserable enough. And there's no sense in my mind torturing them for something to give them like two meals that fit this criteria that really. So, the bigger deal would be if we could get them to consume sufficient dietary protein in the weeks, months, and years leading up to the hospitalization. So, they're super jacked when they go to the hospital and they're at lower risk of in-hospital mortality, and arguably they don't need to potentially go into the hospital all if the condition could have been averted. So, I think that's far more important than worrying about an in-hospital diet because most hospital stays are relatively short. But, to the extent they're going to be there for a while, as long as you don't have any reasons not to feed somebody's get, then sure you can give some protein if they're going to be there for a while. If you were going to be in the hospital for seven days, you take it some way. Maybe I'm not going to be going out of my way to get it now, but you know the range of ringy somewhere. Yeah, we're probably that strawberry junk that I keep to the back of your head. Yeah, I know. What would you recommend for managing such receiving feedback on pain in the clinical world so it's not to ignore patients' perceptions, but still maximize the rehab process. I can start. All right. So, this was the reference where I was talking about how if you're a coach and your coach and somebody who has some discomfort, say in their back, after every rep or after every set and you're asking how's your back feeling, how's your back feel, has your back feel constantly drawing more attention to that area? Because we know that attentional focus plays a big role in people's experience of pain. And so, I would make the recommendation to not do that when you're coaching people. This isn't to swing the other way and to say just to ignore any symptom that they report, but you don't necessarily need to go fishing for that. In a rehab context, if you are a skilled clinician and observer and communicator with your patient, then you can observe what they're doing and then just ask them what their thoughts are. After a given set, how that go, do you feel comfortable increasing the load, something like that, and given that you've had the discussion, the education process ahead of time, saying we're going to work in a range of tolerable symptoms and aim to progress gradually from there, then you can get that feedback. They can volunteer it to you rather than you go and fishing for it from them. So, to the point where if they're feeling comfortable and okay, then you can celebrate that and say, that's awesome, that's great news. You're feeling good, that's a good sign. We can keep progressing in this process. Whereas if they volunteer that this is pretty uncomfortable or I'm concerned about this or this is freaking me out or I don't want to go up anymore, then you can respect that and maybe have a discussion around it and modify the plan accordingly rather than constantly going again fishing and drawing their attention to an area that their attention may not necessarily be on. Focusing their attention more on the task and celebrating the victory of that went well, I think is probably the way that I would go in a clinical context. I recognize, however, that in the clinical world, there's some tendency and potentially even rules and requirements to get patients pain scores on a scale of 1 to 10 and that can be annoying, but you don't need to do a pain score on a scale of 1 to 10 after every set either. So, I would do the bare minimum on that front as far as getting your pain scores and then just focusing on the task and not unnecessarily drawing attention to where it doesn't need to be. I think the only just a practical sense actually don't recommend that most coaches ask about it. If you notice somebody who's demonstrating pain-related behavior which during a lift would be some sort of slow down that occurs during the descent of a squat, for example, or like hesitation during a particular that is abnormal because you've worked with this person before, you can ask like, hey, was that painful for you or you can ask them even a more open-ended question like what's going on? This is to get them to start talking about it, but my general recommendation is to not ask, does that hurt after any set? The only time I think that's appropriate is if you're trying new stuff, to try to work around an existing injury and you're kind of like literally on the fly, trying new things to see if they're still sensitive to that particular movement. So someone had low back pain like Leah when we were trying to gather and stand a cruise quite frequently. If she had like a low back pain, we do like a mid-shin rack pull and I would after she did a set of like how that feel, how that feel is the right question there. Yeah. And then if that didn't you know, she said, I still, I still, you know, still pretty sensitive, it's still a pretty good. We try another thing and I would say again, how does that feel? Something like that. I think, you know, the big thing that people, I don't know if they feel this way, but I certainly think it gets perceived this way. It's like you have to be perfect with this pain stuff. Like and if you mess up, like dang it, just I ruined it. Yeah, that's not the case. Like we're all humans, we all make mistakes, we all say the wrong things sometimes. The important part is the important part is to not compound an error with another error. Like, oh, did that hurt? You're like, oh, no, I said it. I said the H word. I'm saying, now you're freaking out about it. And then they're like, what? And so some of that actually gets transferred to them. And they're like, they start feeling guilty about having pain. The normal human experience. And then the stuff can start kind of snowballing. And so I think it's just like, yeah, look, we all make mistakes. And don't use the right language all the time. We have certain goals for how we communicate and let's try to do the best we can. But in the coaching setting, I think it just plan on saying how does that feel. If you notice something strange, is it ever, ever? This was an interesting one. worthwhile to seek treatment for chronic non-specific pain. Yes. Well, I think it's worthwhile to seek treatment for pain period. I assume this question probably means like use of pain medications, but I'm not going to say that that means treatment. So a treatment would be seen a clinician being evaluated for potential causes of pain involving the patient exploring this bio-psychosocial model together coming up the shared management plan and moving forward from there. So I would say if a person has pain and they're concerned about it, see your medical professional. If it's from training, my caveat would be hopefully they're very familiar with pain science. And unfortunately, I don't feel confident that that is the case. I'm not trying to throw shade at the medical establishment. It's just look, I'm in the medical establishment and I know that that's the case right now. So I think like our pain and rehab specialist team, those guys are the best in the business and that would be my general recommendation for somebody who's got pain from training and they're like, I need some professional help. But I think if somebody has pain that concerns them, they're worried about specific thing. They're like, oh, I have this low back pain and I'm worried it could be cancer. It sounds crazy, but you know, that's not an unusual sort of report. It's like, oh yeah, my dad had the same sort of pain and he had cancer and that's why I'm afraid. Yeah, seeking treatment because you're going to be evaluated and then treated based on findings and then again, you as the complex patient, ideally, that would be a net benefit. I don't know that you need pain medications necessarily, which I assume is again, what this question actually meant. I don't know what it implied when I read the question. I said, I hope I didn't convey the message during my lecture that it's not worth seeking help for pain related issues because that's certainly not the case. Yeah, in fact, the opposite. Yeah, it's very common for people to need help. I think that we definitely provided you with information education, hopefully empower you to self-manage many of your like common routine day to day aches and pains type situations. But to the extent that you're dealing with something, a pain related, you know, issue that maybe you don't fully know what to do or you've tried what you've learned and you can't make progress, then seeking out some consultation, evaluations, some assistance from somebody you trust would be a fantastic idea. Now, we cannot guarantee that that person will do will offer you will recommend to you unless it's somebody from our own rehab team. You know, I've definitely seen patients who end up seeing a pain specialist or something and, you know, bad things end up getting rolled out and they get a prescription for an opioid. That probably wouldn't be the case that I would go with this myself. Nor would it be the way that our rehab team would go. So we have a resource that we can offer that we trust and recommend without reservation. But if you are struggling with with an issue like this, then seeking help is definitely the way to go. Would recommend? Would recommend? Yes. All right. How can we do a better job of framing exercise and diet and a positive life for our youth? For example, it's somewhat common practice for parents to not let their children leave the dinner table until they've finished all their vegetables. Another example of this would be coaches making their athletes run as a form of punishment. These experiences may frame healthy eating and exercise as a way that a synonymous with suffering and discomfort. How can we improve these psychosocial variables? Nice. Early and or address them with adults that have already met these experiences or lived these experiences. Excuse me. I picked some hard ones this time. I mean, it's not, it's just that it's so, I don't necessarily agree with the, like, the premises. So for example, like, I don't know that one may necessarily associate this with a form of punishment. Like, you might, but depends on other stuff. Like, I don't know, was your parent, you know, yelling, you go run, because you know, whatever. Or like, hey, let's go run around the house. Like, let's go do a lap. So maybe that's your suggestion. Is the way that the recommendation or the way it's going to be. Yes, yes. So it, yes. It does exactly. So for example, and I'm not pretending to give anybody parenting advice, like there's very, there's a few either of us should do that. Parenting advice, relationship advice, like, look, I'm not, I'm not your doctor for that. Like, I think, so one, I always think that the parents leading by example probably makes for a better environment, especially for making recommendations or suggestions to their kids, because mom and dad are already doing it, you know, and so you should do too. And then also if you're going, if the, you know, needing to modify some of the behaviors that the child is engaging in, especially with respect to the diet or activity, the way that you're recommending them should be ideally into a form of positive way or affirming way rather than like do this, you know, in a negative, in a negative light, because I think it just too many risks there with potentially future psychological distress around those actions. But, you know, trying to get kids to eat vegetables, for example. So one, like, you should guys, as a family should be eating vegetables regularly, and involve the kid in preparing the vegetables, and picking the vegetables, and how to, you know, which way will she'll you prepare them? Like, all that stuff is useful, because then the kids got a buy-in to these vegetables, like, look, I help make these, and then they're probably going to eat them. You know, with respect to being active, like, hey, do you, most, especially, I know the parents, I know that train, if they train at home, their kids want to come out into the gym and play around with mom and dad who are lifting the gym. And so exposing them rather early on, can't be a positive experience rather than say, hey, get out of my hair, go run around the house. Not saying that that's how people do it, but I think that, leading by example, and then also involving the kid in the process, like, whatever process can be useful, because then they have a bigger buy-in. Oh, you just got a home gym, or you're building home gym, like, yeah, let's set it up together. You know, where should this go? All the stuff, all the stuff that's sort of stuff can be useful, as far as adults that have already had these experiences. I think you're going to sus that out during this, like, the sort of interview process, you know, when you're taking any new client, asking them, you know, what sort of barriers do they have, or feelings, or thoughts do they have about changing the dietary patterns, and if something specific comes up, that's when you're going to get there. But I don't routinely see that to be honest. The closest I get is people say, I don't like vegetables. Yeah, and then when I explore that, it's usually due to, like, I don't like the way they taste, I don't, you know, and then I'm not really sure how to prepare them in a way that tastes, tastey, and so we just go down and kind of try things. If I could give advice to parents who have kids, it would be to get them to be an active and is many different ways as possible, and the best way to do that is not only giving them choices and opportunities, but also leading by example. So if mom and dad lift, or, or, or otherwise, are active, like, they're, you know, slightly likely the kids are going to want to join in on that. It's just the normal thing to do. Yeah, I don't have a ton to add to that. I was going to say, I mean, that's kind of why I included this question, is mainly to convey the message of leading by example, is going to be kind of the main thing that I would suggest here. For adults who have already been through this, refer back to the standard behavior change talk that we did, all the same things, what apply there, as far as how you work with people to change their behaviors. That's the idea. Did you're dead, live? No. You know, where my, my dad and my mom met at the gym. Yep. There you go. My mom was in a rubyx instructor. My dad was playing Rocket Ball and apparently short shorts meets short shorts. Nice. Yeah, that's how I came to be. Okay. Should the elderly be prescribed animal extarruids? So there are actually some situations where animal extarruids have been researched for medical use. This includes severe burns, because burn patients, whole body burns and things like that, is a major hyper-catholic state. So there's some research in that world. And other syndromes where there is severe muscle and fat wasting, a syndrome called keksia. So animal extarruids have also been researched in like HIV-AIDS related keksia, where these patients are just literally skin and bones. They've wasted away. So this is being looked at. I think part of the reason outside of the obvious like social stigma around this stuff that they're not kind of used more liberally in practice is actually when you look at the available research that we have on this stuff in elderly patients, the outcomes are actually not like mind-blowingly good. And so I think that until such point as that evidence would emerge where we put an elderly individual presumably sarcopenic individual, not just somebody who's elderly for the sake of it, on antibiotics if we see fantastic results in terms of quality of life or other kind of positive outcome measures, then I wouldn't expect medical societies or organizations to recommend this stuff until we have a solid evidence based to stand on. I think a big part of it is that that doesn't actually exist yet. And I'm actually open to the possibility that they may not deliver the benefits that we all assume. They would. Rather, I think that we should pull the levers that we'd know work right now, getting physical activity up. And getting the nutritional intake to where it should be. And I definitely think it's reasonable for us to research this stuff. But going back to the root of the question, should it should the elderly be prescribed antibiotics derriots? At this time, no, that's not wouldn't be my recommendation because we don't have clear evidence of consistent benefit whereas there is some potential for harm, particularly in elderly who, again, remember the number one calls death in the U.S. in the world that I talked about on day one yesterday's cardiovascular disease. And there are cardiovascular risks associated with these medications. If you were to give them the patients. So we're giving them medications with some known risk from a cardiovascular standpoint and potentially other organ systems that can be evolved. They're involved. There can be side effects on the liver depending on the type of antibiotics derriot and the route of administration as well as on the kidneys. And a few other kind of potential side effects and complications for unclear benefit. So we need research to demonstrate clear benefit before we're going to comfortably prescribe it. And that really stands, in my opinion, for any medical intervention that we're going to do, I would prefer to have good evidence of benefit before I do it. And that has been particularly relevant recently with COVID when it comes to deciding how we're going to treat these patients. Yeah, I want good evidence before I decide to give somebody particularly medication that has known risks and unknown benefits. Yeah, I feel similarly mainly with respect to the, obviously, the risk benefit analysis. But with the existing data on this, if there was robust data showing like, yeah, when you give elderly patients testosterone, they grow huge muscles and their quality life improves and all this other stuff improves, then I think it already be widely adopted. Right now you have, you know, a relatively few amount of studies, particularly looking at muscle wasting and muscle in fact combined wasting diseases. So like Austin said, HIV burn patients, other diseases that causes a kexie like liver disease, etc. And then a few like fringe papers that like randomly pop up like using testosterone and women who have chest pain like angina. Pretty you same with that one. Yes, we were. Or now the most recent paper that came out of this is testosterone use and depression. And there's other papers obviously out there on testosterone, but much fewer on other antibiotic agents, right? So people are talking about like, oxandrolone or anovar, decandurable and or whatever. This is the same case that Psalms the selective androgen receptor modulators, these are the new drugs that are on the street, well they're on the street right now, but they're being researched. These are effectively they're supposed to be like steroid analogs like work like steroids, but have none of the side effects because they're selective for the receptors that they actually bind to. But unfortunately during the phase two clinical trials when they're doing using them on these older people, they're not getting the benefits that are purported like bigger muscles, stronger muscles, being able to, you know, be more active or anything like that. And so when you have this data that like over all suggests, not a reliable benefit and then there are known risk factors, it makes sense that the medical community is kind of like, even during our board's prep, I remember on like step one, there was a question about using anabolic steroid like a patient who was using anabolic steroids and then like one of the lines was, data that at present does not show or shows that antiboxaris don't provide a performance benefit in sport, please counsel the patient accordingly. And I was like, uh, Vinny down the street at gold might have been a video. So as far as how this works in the future, I think if better data comes out, that'll be useful in order to get that better data, we need to do more studies. And I think that in general medicine is fairly liberally leaning, you know, liberal leaning. And so as new data emerges, I don't know that any stigma is going to prevent us from like adopting the latest practices provided ample evidence exists. There was a big series of studies that came out, uh, think maybe last year or two years ago called the testosterone trials. It was a big set of multiple studies on testosterone for various outcomes. So if you're interested in this topic, I'll just look up, look, thumbs up, and get some results. Yep. All right, related does a strength athlete ever achieve enough hypertrophy. Is there a point in the athletes development whether there is no longer a need to make the muscle larger and only to make them stronger? It's a complicated question. Um, so enough hypertrophy. I mean, that's like saying, you know, you ever get jacked enough. You ever make too much money? I mean, I don't know that you can say yes to that. So as far as in an athletes development where they no longer need to make the muscles larger and only need to make them stronger, that assumes that these happen like independently. And I don't know that I view them as like to independent processes. I think that the amount of muscle mass increase that occurs, that co-ocurs with strength increase, particularly at high level strength athletes is much smaller than when a person like physique athletes, bodybuilders, et cetera, who are primarily just training for size increases and not at all for strength increases. But I think that there's still some hypertrophy occurring, uh, nonetheless, even if it's relatively small. Now that being said, the actual hypertrophy process is rather complicated as far as like does the myophibrular hypertrophy just the contractile protein? Is that preceded some of the sarcoplasma hypertrophy, which tends to create a more substantial increase in muscle cross sectional area or does the one, you know, precede the other. That stuff's still being assessed out. Um, and so this is still an active area of research, but for my, from a practical standpoint, I think trying to get as jacked as possible, using, uh, what while still doing the specific exercises, the specific for your sport, and the correct intensity ranges to make them go up would be the, would be the goal. I don't ever think you say, I'm jacked enough. I'm going to cut the volume down. Yeah, this part, last part of this question, or it says, there's no longer a need to make the muscles larger and only to make them stronger. I think that creates an, kind of an artificial dichotomy or separation between those two things when really, at least there's, there is to be fair some debate in the research world about how much hypertrophy contributes to strength development and performance, but I tend to lean on the side, and I think you probably do too, that, um, strength performance of a particular muscle, one of the contributing factors to that strength potential is muscle size. Um, the other major contributor would be the neurological, like the skill, the recruitment, uh, kind of, kind of aspect of it. And so you can't really say, I don't need to make the muscle larger and only to make it stronger when muscle size is probably a contributor to muscle strength. Uh, and so I think that to the extent that you want to continue making your muscle stronger, uh, you should strive to make them larger as well. And I don't think there's actually a way for you to aim to make them stronger without generating some amount of hypertrophy along the way in the process. Number seven is liposuction ever a good idea. And I think a context for this question, you can view this question in a couple different contexts. One is in the context of our discussions all weekend here with respect to health. So I would kind of think back to when we talked about obesity and the situations where carrying excess body fat can be problematic. And in particular, we talked about how type of a relationship there is with the abdominal, waist or conference and medical complications. And the reason why that there's such a close relationship there is because that measurement reflects intrabdominal, or what we call visceral body fat accumulation. Inside the abdomen, inside the organs, inside the liver, for example, which is different visceral body fat or out of post-acumulations a bit different than subcutaneous or body fat that accumulates under the skin. And so the body fat or out of post is infiltrating your abdominal organs, your liver, your pancreas, things like that. That's when we see big time increases in diabetes risk, cardiovascular risk, things like that. Whereas liposuction as a treatment primarily removes subcutaneous body fat, not the kind that's inside, not the kind that's in the liver. So there's actually some data on this. There's a small study that I found while I was prepping for this where they took a group of women, some of whom had diabetes and some of whom did not all of whom had excess body fat and they performed serial large volume liposuction, removing large amounts of subcutaneous body fat. You're going to say something? What did you just move it? Put it someplace else? Yeah. No, why you would do that? Okay. Right. And they severely removed this subcutaneous body fat. And then when they looked at how they did afterwards, they did find that their waste circumference went down as a result of removing body fat. Obviously, their leptin levels went down and leptin is a hormone that is high when you have lots of body fat and low when you have less body fat. So that obviously went down. That all makes sense. When they measured their actual levels of insulin resistance and their cardiovascular risk factors, things like blood lipids and things like that, there's no change. So from a health standpoint, do not have a good case to make for liposuction. If you say, is it ever a good idea? Well, that's strictly up to you from a cosmetic standpoint. You know, at that point, I would not recommend it for medical benefits. If there is excess body fat that needs to be dealt with invasively or surgically and there are medical issues going on or even if there aren't and you meet criteria based on the criteria that we talked about yesterday, I would say real bariatric surgery is far more beneficial from a health standpoint than liposuction would be because we talked about how the long term 20, 25 year follow up a patient who get bariatric surgery. They have much greater and much more sustained weight loss and health benefits. Like you can cure diabetes in like a couple days after getting bariatric surgery. It just like goes away, which is pretty wild. Whereas liposuction does not have any of those benefits outside of cosmetic effects. Yeah, I think if for whatever reason you're getting like this rural liposuction, don't think that liposuction. Maybe that or if the liposuction would somehow improve adherence to other lifestyle changes, if you felt like I'm going to pay for this procedure from an aesthetic standpoint or because I feel like it's going to jump start my progress. That's really going to help keep me motivated and it does as far as improving adherence to a health promoting dietary pattern and exercise like cool. But if you're just like moving it around, from like front to back, I don't know that that's the move. How do you guys personally take care of your mental emotional energy? I think that anybody who's involved, particularly the healthcare fields, you know, has there's a difficult balance between like taking care of yourself, the person and then carrying for others, but you went into this field to take care of others and some days are harder than others and you give more than you get and other days you get more than you give as far as how an individual needs to approach their own particular needs for a mental health standpoint. I think services that are underutilized or mental health services if you feel better talking to a counselor or some sort of psychiatrist that can all be useful. Me personally, I have found reasonably good sort of balance if you will by trying to maintain a set of boundaries that works for me. Meaning that I can it's pretty easy to get kind of really involved in somebody else's sort of like this is their journey and this is how I'm helping them and these are all their issues that we're kind of working out but I have to also step back and understand that's not my particular situation and in addition it's maybe not okay if they're emailing me five or six times a day and so creating those boundaries where hey this is the expectations that we're setting as far as communication like frequency, so what I can be responsible for but I think overall having some sort of boundaries as the professionals and boundaries are useful. I think also kind of understanding the field that you're getting into kind of expect some of this and then using like mental health services would also be useful like people need counselors need counselors it's very underutil this is underutilized and then I don't know that there's any reliable like a specific approach that I think universally works for all folks so finding your kind of stuff that that makes it viable for you can be useful. I mean burnout is super common in medicine and for you know among some specialties more than others I get to see horrible things very frequently and it burnout is common around me as well among kind of fellow fellow clinicians so I definitely agree with everything that Jordan said with respect to professional boundaries outside of work for example if you feel like you're having issues from a mental health standpoint using those kind of resources as far as my own personal habits on this front this is a big part of why you know people say how is it that you've gone like a decade and missed one week of training it's like well this is why I make sure that I train because for me personally that is my most useful way to maintain some kind of control over my life some aspect of consistency something that I enjoy that I can look forward to whenever I do end up getting out of the hospital whether it's earlier late I plan to train regardless and don't skip that session even you know if it's 10 or 11 at night and did that plenty of times in residency because that gave me a sense of continued control over my life that's a big part is if you feel like you're not in control right so loss of self efficacy over your situation loss of autonomy that can be a big deal and then similarly you know if you you know if you're a coach biting off more than you can chew can be a big problem right in terms of your client load for example something that you actually do have control over there was a period of time when I was in residency where I was doing similarly like multiple jobs like I do right now but with respect to residency I did not have control over my life I had to be in the hospital certain times and responsible for whatever was going on there at that particular time and then I had these other things coaching and you know some telemedicine stuff I was doing outside that I did have some control over but I definitely bit off more than I could chew and I like cracked pretty hard around that period of time recognized that I'd been off way more than I could chew but at the same time I knew that I was still training and I knew that it was temporary and that it wasn't going to be like that forever right and so ultimately fortunately I was able to get through that and have other things that I can kind of look forward to and enjoy but I've definitely am currently in a period of time where I'm actually trying to scale back a little bit of how much I'm doing because like do I really need to be doing this much right now as far as all the things that I tackle and work on at the same time and the very clear and obvious answer is no despite the fact that I still do them so so definitely easier said than done and I don't have it perfect at either but everything Jordan said as well as paying you know paying attention to you know your workload to the extent that you have control over it if you have more control over it that's awesome and and scaling back if you need to and my bias is definitely training as far as a some measure of consistency and consistency and something I do have control over that maybe something different for you take advantage of that whatever that maybe how our lipid panels affected by dieting so in general let's talk about after you've lost weight right so you've died it and lost weight and then we'll talk about what happens while you're actively dieting so after you lost weight usually a five to ten percent weight loss produces a about ten to 15 percent reduction in LDL and maybe a little bit greater reduction in triglycerides which can be useful particularly if you were carrying too much body fat before if you lose more weight you can see a greater decrease in those numbers right so if you lost 20 percent body weight you may see a given greater decrease in your LDL and your triglycerides and in general HDL tends to stay the same if you start exercise at the same time HDL may even increase overall good now the nuance here is that if you were a candidate for statins prior to losing weight meaning that your 10 year risk of having a bad outcome so you're a 10 year risk of having a heart attack or stroke or something like that was high and you were you know a good candidate for statins the treatment goal for LDL reduction is 50 percent five zero reduce your LDL by 50 percent and so if the you know the average amount of LDL reduction you can expect by reducing your body weight five to ten percent which is a pretty substantial weight loss right is you know 10 to 15 percent you're not getting there you're less than three less than this sort of that minimum threshold so it doesn't mean that you shouldn't even try to lose weight just take the statins for big pharma not what I'm saying it's just that we should not avoid medications when they provide clear benefit and it doesn't mean that the person maybe necessary really needs to be on a statin forever it's just to reduce that risk substantially going forward maybe that's the initial initial movement what happens to the lipid panel while you're actually you think about this as the body fat you're actually liberating a lot of stored fat into the bloodstream and you're using it for fuel and so a blood test particularly a cholesterol test is a snapshot in time of how much fat is in your blood how much fat is being carried around by certain proteins in your blood and so let's say then you stick the needle in vain pull out the blood oh crap there's way more fat in your blood at this particular time it's like well yeah it's on its way to the muscle tissue to be oxidized for fuel for example and so you see that all the time that people their triglyceride levels will be significantly elevated while they're losing weight sometimes even their LDL will be elevated while they're losing weight it usually doesn't happen after you've lost weight and your weight is plateaued but certainly during weight loss so the recommendation for lipid panel intervals is about is every six months I believe after you've initiated it all of some clinicians will do three month intervals I when I was actively seeing patients and somebody was trying to lose weight for lifestyle we were trying lifestyle recommendations initially I would effectively try to schedule that second lipid test till after a period of time we're giving them to lose weight and then maintain it meaning that if it's going to take you more than three months to kind of lose the weight I would extend the interval time so that you are weight neutral maintaining your weight your new lower weight before I tested got another lipid test yeah I don't think there's a great reason to check lipid panel super frequently regardless I mean I definitely every three months is I think too frequent to be super useful I would just not check blood tests while you are actively aggressively trying to lose weight and then check things you know like that after things have stayed less so good the new client reports eating below their total daily energy expenditure but isn't losing weight what do I imagine we can't instantly correct under reporting specifically do you still prescribe an amount of calories that should result in weight loss per the NIH if they report a total daily energy intake lower than the prescription so basically somebody saying I'm eating these calories we're not losing weight what do so just like I was talking about in the nutrition lecture yesterday if the first you check the adherence right so it's like hey look are you sticking to this plan they say yes and you're like okay cool and you're taking them at their word and they're not losing weight at that calorie level I would reduce calories and the story if you do that again and they're still not losing weight I kind of go through the same process again we've just reduced another 250 to 500 calories the reporting being very adherent and still not losing weight at that point when I check for adherence so let's say two weeks have gone by they still have a loss weight asking them hey how's your adherence been any issues we talk about it I usually ask for proof not into what like I'm being an investigator here interrogating them but I want to see like their my fitness path log or however they're tracking their food or something like that just kind of make sure like you know that they're counting things correctly there's not some sort of error I also check for things that people don't tend to count certain condiments sugar sweeten beverages alcohol stuff like that issues things that people have trouble logging they're like yeah I don't log any of my coax because it's liquid so you'd be surprised and I'm you know this obviously happened sometimes otherwise it wouldn't have the story but that alcohol and condiments tend to be like the three biggest offenders they're first things that people don't track and then snacks so it's like you know are you snacking on stuff in between meals and you know again this is all in the context of somebody who's trying to lose weight and we've just lowered calories and it still doesn't work and so if nothing appears odd there then I lower I lower calories again I'm not averse to continue to lower calories unless I suspect there's this really big adherence issue you know now obviously we had a client for a while who was you know over 200 pounds and then was reporting not losing weight at 1200 calories but reported 7 out of 7 every day she was very adherent I was like well let me see I'd love to see them I fitness pal you know reports I was like oh yeah they're they're on my phone I don't know how to get them to you and I was like whoa yeah you just take them screenshots and just let the CM see what you're eating it's like it seems like a long process like I don't know that I can get them to they was some resistance and I got it and so the whole thing wasn't be like gotcha ha ha ha you know this is the issue the thing was like well let's address the actual problem right what are the issue you know what sort of barriers do we have to adherence and we had an even barrier to admitting there was a problem with adherence and so again the thing isn't gotcha the thing is all right we have an issue here what's how do we address the communication thing first and then figure out strategies to overcome the adherence issue so that's how I address the issue and just some common things that I've seen over time uh Austin you have anything to add I don't have anything to add to that all right how can you best mitigate the effect of shift work like 24 hour shifts such as naps to catch up on sleep uh and then how do you not know Cbo yourself into thinking you'll have a bad day because you didn't get enough sleep or some other factor that is far from ideal I can start so this is something that I think both of us have some experience with uh having been through periods of time already did 24 28 hour shifts um somewhat regularly and there's not a great way to get you know quality sleep during that period of time particularly when those shifts can be unpredictable so there may have been some of those shifts where I was able to get some sleep during the shift there's somewhere I had to be awake, alert and doing things the entire time and obviously there ends up being a consequence afterwards some of those days after the shift will crash harder than others or if you end up getting some sleep on the shift maybe you don't sleep as much and so the unpredictability the variability is problematic it results in you generally not feeling awesome and I think that is unfortunately probably part of the deal with doing 24 hour shifts with any degree of regularity is you're not going to feel completely awesome or completely normal all the time if they're more spaced out and relatively infrequent then you can try to get on as consistent of a sleep schedule as you can in between and that overstores some semblance of normal sleep um but just the idea was sleep in general and that this should be the takeaway if you listen to our podcast on sleep that we did with our friend Dr Gordon is that consistency is kind of what tends to be the name of the game here in particular if we can get like our patients who we have with the with insomnia if we can get them waking up at the same time every single day then that ends up resulting in developing sufficient sleep drive over time such that they end up kind of falling into a more normal sleep a sleep wake cycle rhythm but obviously this is a big barrier to having a consistent sleep schedule you just have to do the best you can in terms of consistency as far as the other part of the question where it had to do with not kind of crushing yourself by thinking you're going to have a bad session just because you didn't get enough sleep or some other factor I think this comes into the discussion I had earlier comparing external versus internal load so external load being the absolute weight on the bar whereas internal load describes the response to that training stimulus that we measure using RPE I think that if people who have excessive focus on the importance or the significance of the external load they put all their value and self-worth on the absolute weight on the bar I think you're going to have some trouble with this situation right because you're going to put so much value on lifting a particular weight on a particular particular data particular time and your life the cards are just not going to fall that way you're going to get to that day that time go to lift that weight and maybe it doesn't go right and that's tough that's why we like having more as Jordan said maliability flexibility in your training program where you view the training process differently you don't view the training process is something where you have to lift a specific weight rather you're saying I'm the weight the weight on the bar the rep I'm doing is merely a strategy to elicit this response that I'm trying to get right and in that sense you can change the weight on the bar and not freak out about it rather you can pack yourself on the back for saying I got the desired stimulus for where I am today at this particular time based on how I'm performing at this moment given everything else in my life that I may or may not have control over right so it can almost become a win when you go into that session you use your auto regulation strategy like RPE you adjust the load accordingly you complete the whole session that's awesome that's a win you're doing more than just about anybody else out there who is doing 24 hour shifts guaranteed instead of viewing it as I was supposed to squat 500 today right but I could only squat 455 I suck big difference in how you view that in terms of the training process so this has a lot to do with kind of how if we're going to be goal oriented the nature of goals that we use or the goals we use performance based right where you insist on performing lifting a particular weight are they outcome based like I'm lifting to win only if you ain't first your last right or are they process based goals right where I'm going to train all four sessions that I supposed to do I'm going to get my conditioning in etc and that's my win for the week because my life is crazy like this so that's the way I view this is just reframing how I view the training process in general yeah I think the only thing I have to add is like if you if you were trying to set yourself up for success you would want to control the or maximize the variables that are under your control as much as possible so for example you're on 24 hour shift that doesn't you know that doesn't mean yeah I'm going to skip three different meals and just have you know breakfast for example before leaving the hospital and three red bulls yeah exactly right yeah that's going to be so you know if you have your nutrition relatively under control with the health promoting dietary pattern you know your training is set up to allow some flexibility rather than having very rigid processes and then again ultimately a scribing less sort of importance to any single session any single exercise or any single sort of even input into your training I mean I would just assume that you're going to PR anyway for example yeah like if it's me if I mean I don't work outside of barbell medicine anymore this is my main baby but I wish I could get a sign to a night shift because if I go on night shift I'm going to PR historically whenever I'm on night shift PR start raining out of nowhere I have no idea why I have no reason to stay up at night now I'm not into generate so I can't do it but yeah I would just I would just assume all of the things be equal that you're going to do great so having that positive kind of outlook on stuff uh good nutrition and then I don't know that I would recommend naps because I just feel like that's not really going to help it's like it could help acute performance but if it to the extent of compromise is sleep drive later on it's probably net negative so probably wouldn't do that we just go in and train and go on with my life because that's a good summary of you know this whole deal that's right train and go on with your life yeah exactly very cool well thank you so much for coming out here Norfolk for our first time in our back really appreciate it