Good morning everybody and welcome back to the Barbell Medicine YouTube channel, we bring modern medicine to strengthening and strengthening to modern medicine. I'm your host Dr. Jordan Fagginbaum today. It is a diet vlog. If you guys don't know, I am moving up a weight class to 105 kilo class. It's 231 pounds. I normally sit at 1.98 or the 205 is a penultimate federation. I'm competing in, but I decided to take a plunge, move up a weight class, have some numbers I want to hit and I feel like I'm kind of out growing the 90 kilo with a 93 kilo weight class. So I'm going to take you guys through a day of eating, now that I'm trying to gain weight. So yeah, this is what I eat on a normal basis. Let's get right into it with my favorite meal of the day breakfast. All right, so as you guys can see, it's going to be an omelet and oatmeal. I'm trying to hit a specific amount of macros per day in order to gain weight. So right now my numbers are 200 grams of protein, 500 grams of carbohydrates and 100 grams of fat per day in total. I generally eat 45 meals a day. So this is meal number one and then we'll probably try to split up the protein throughout all of those meals. And because reading so many carbohydrates, it's going to look like a lot less animal source protein. Totally fine because the essential amino acid content is still going to be pretty high per meal. So I'm not worried at all about micro managing my essential amino acid intake. All right, so let's get to cooking. Okay, started with the bacon. I don't have bacon every day of the week. Usually three times a week or less just kind of keep my process needed to take in check. On days that I don't have bacon, I usually add an extra egg yolk to make up for the fat that's in this glorious goodness. So that's my bacon. I'm going to cook that first and then add some egg to it. Now because my carbohydrates are so high, I'm actually going to have end up having a lot less protein from like animal sources that you guys think just do to those trace proteins and those carbohydrates. So yeah, 17 grams of protein from egg. We've got six grams from the bacon for one serving of that. So that puts us at 23 grams of protein. Then we're going to have seven grams here from one serving of cheese. So now we're 30 grams of protein and then I'm going to do three servings of oatmeal this morning. And that's going to be another 15 grams. So that puts us at 45 grams of protein for the meal, which is going to be totally sufficient for my total essential amino acid needs per meal. And then my protein goal per meal is right around that 40 to 50 grams of protein. Just depending on how many meals I end up having during the day. So good start to the morning and then I also have some blueberries that I'm going to end up having two servings of to get my total fruit and vegetable servings in the morning. So another question is going to be about the egg situation here. So why egg whites over whole eggs? Why did you have only one whole egg? Is it about dietary cholesterol? Not really. I don't think dietary cholesterol tends to be a big predictor of blood cholesterol levels. Except in folks who are either really good at absorbing dietary cholesterol or people with other sort of congenital issues with cholesterol production or removal. So some folks will have to cut their dietary cholesterol down in order to reduce cholesterol levels. I think one thing we can do to promote health with respect to cholesterol levels is actually keep in our total dietary saturated fat intake down to less than 10% of total daily calories. And so I'll show you guys how I do that. But I wouldn't really worry about dietary cholesterol unless you're in one of those categories to either absorb very, very efficiently or has some other congenital disorder like familial hyper cholesterol, theemia or something like that. All right, bacon's cooks. We're going to add the egg to that. And I left this cook. Hopefully I get a good armlet turn out today. It would be my luck that Juan Filme and I would be not so great. Yeah, and so the other thing I do to make sure that I'm getting the right amount of carbohydrates and calories, et cetera, if I'm making something in my kitchen, I'm just going to measure it because it's already here, right? I'm not going to try to eyeball it too much, especially if it's a change from my norm. Now, when I was maintaining weight, so it would be three servings here that's 120 grams. When I was maintaining weight, I could like eyeball stuff very, very accurately. But since I've made this dietary change, I know that I'm going to have to take more specific changes here. So I've got three servings here, oatmeal, add a little bit of water, cook that. Same thing with the cheese. Just turn the scale on. Just do one serving of cheese here. Easy way for pork and control. A lot of times when people like, oh, I'm eating this much. I'm not gaining weight or I'm eating this much. I'm not losing weight. First thing we want to make sure is that adherence is good and they're actually taking the numbers. They say they are. And then overcoming those obstacles that are preventing them from hitting the correct numbers. So first thing first is just making sure that the numbers are accurate. This looks good. Fold number one. It's a little diner style omelet. I'm kind of bummed because all week I've been having really good looking omelets. Now of course, with the camera roll, and this is very average looking, but we'll play it. All of my other car and protein sources, I'm about 25 grams of fat. I'll get you the final numbers. Let me look at the whole meal. So I'm not going to add any more fat to the oatmeal, but I will add some blueberries. So wash these blueberries. Yes, today. I'm going to add about 150 grams, 160 grams rather, which would be about two servings. You can use a cup of measuring cup for this, but since I have the scale out, I just use that. That looks pretty good. All right. Add a little Stivia little cinnamon. Mix it up. We'll have breakfast. All right, so this is breakfast. Got the tri-fold omelet. We'll bake it in it. Got the massive serving of oatmeal this morning. It's not my best work aesthetically, but I'm not a gourmet chef. This one would be eating or not going to make you guys wash me eat, but here's the macros for this meal. And we'll catch you at the next meal. All right, what's up? We're back with meal number two. This is usually something that's grab and go for me. Usually in between getting worked on. And then it's also my pre-workout meal. Now general rules for me when I talk to people about pre-imposed work out nutrition, I typically say, hey, we should have more carbohydrates in those meals and less fat. The idea is that if your calorie restricted at all satiety or feelings of fullness are really really important in order to improve adherence. And so what I'd like to do is if we're going to have a lot of carbohydrates or more carbohydrates in particular meals, I think if we put the fat in the other meals, that might improve satiety, might improve adherence. Additionally, increasing the fat content or the fiber content of a meal tends to make it take longer to get from mouth through the digestive system and into the bloodstream. So those are more considerations when we don't either have a lot of time between the meal and when you're training or if somebody's in a calorie restricted state. If you are on a calorie surplus, I don't know that you need to take those steps. And additionally, if you have enough time between the meal you're consuming and when you're going to train or exercise, I don't think that you need to take those steps. So this is going to be a pretty balanced meal for me. Again, I pretty much eat four or five pretty similar meals similar from my macronutrant and total calorie perspective. Maybe a little bit more carbohydrates in this meal and my postwork out meal, but nothing crazy. And I am going to have some fat with this meal. So I know people are going to go, what the heck, man, why are you in fat? And your pre-imposed work out meal. It just doesn't matter. I don't know that we need to micro-manage things that much. The broader dietary pattern is probably more important. And then yeah, adherence. So if we're going to do something pretty quick, I'm not going to have to cook hardly anything and I'll take you guys through it. Greed yogurt, two servings of fruit in this one. So we're going to have all stew of banana. So again, I'm trying to get somewhere like ten total servings of fruit and vegetables. So this will be three and four. Maybe close to five because this is a fairly large apple. I'm going to add some honey to the yogurt because I want that. Would you some more oatmeal? Because I like oats and I'll put some peanut butter in there. That'll be pretty good. So the only thing that I actually need to make is going to be the oatmeal. And again, just one strategy that I have for making sure that I'm getting the right amount of carbohydrates in this case. I'm just going to weigh it. I mean, my kitchen doesn't really add too much time. Three servings, 120. There you go, 120 grams. So most of the oats that I make end up being from the microwave, Tom, the amally disagrees with me on that these are actually quality oats. He prefers the slow cooked on the oven oats. I don't know. I don't have a preference. I don't want to make that big of a mess. So microwave oats for me. Now the reason I put it back on the scales because I'm actually going to measure out my peanut butter that I'm going to put in here. Somebody do one serving. I think nut butter is another sort of untracked calorie dense foods or hard to hard or to track calorie dense foods tend to be problematic for those who are in a calorie-restricted state or trying to lose weight. So they'll just eyeball, like, oh, those two tablespoons and then they'll end up lick in the lid or have an extra half a serving or something. There's just too many calories for them to deal with and actually push them over their calorie goal. So I just put it on the scale. I'm going to measure it out. This is 32 grams for serving. I would do the same thing if I was like, put it on bread or toast or anything like that. I would literally just measure it out. And if that's not something that you want to do, I just, these foods are harder to track than something like almonds where you could literally count out or just weigh the actual mass of the, I take the mass of the almonds based on the serving size. So 32 grams will just do this little spoon. The cool thing is it turns to like this, like, molten peanut butter, which I really do like. So this is tear it out. So that's 24 grams. So I have a little bit more dirty almost there. Perfect. Okay. So I'll add a little bit of cinnamon to this and that'll be the meal. All right. So this is definitely not high class dining, but this is what I'm eating during a normal work day. So you've got the serving of yogurt, a little bit of honey in there, two and a half servings of fruit, three servings of oatmeal, plus some peanut butter. And then yeah, wait about two hours after this before I go train. And that's totally personal preference. Some people like training on a full stomach, some people like training on a empty stomach, but for me, about two hours is a nice sweet spot. All right, just got back home, took a shower, changed. It is time for meal number three, post workout meal. What I like to do is actually make my last two meals together and then I split them. So we're going to do the bro dinner. This is again, not going to make cooking, but this is just what I eat on a regular basis. We're going to make some chicken using the suvi. We're going to make a rice and the rice maker and then also some vegetables. Make sure that I get my greens in as well. Let's go ahead and make dinner. All right, so the suvi is coming up to temperature. So basically what this is, the water immersion cooker. Mine is from a no-bub, had this thing for like two years. I use it all the time for food prep because it is amazing. So effectively, this keeps this water bath at the exact temperature. I set it to for chicken. I usually like 150-5 degrees in order to chicken the proper temperature for it to be done is like a 165 internal temperature. So what I do is I cook it in here first up to 155 degrees for an hour. And basically it's ready to go at that point to finish. And so how I finish is going to be either on a cast iron, a pan which will do tonight or on a grill or something. Because basically food coming out of the suvi, if you're going to eat it right out of the suvi, it's you want to do like a shredding chicken or something like that because it's missing. Those really tasty bits on the outside of the meat, which is due to what's called the myard reaction. Myard was a French chemist and any event, the cross-linking of the proteins on the surface of the meat effectively make for these really tasty what are called ketosamines. And so in any event you can cook it first here in the suvi which I think for the price, these things are really really amazing. You can really make a lot of cool stuff. Not only just meat, you can make really good sweet potatoes, you can make yogurt, you can make the best poached eggs ever with this thing really, really simply and there's a bunch of cool recipes. But so yeah, we'll cook this for an hour, the chicken for an hour and here once this comes up to temperature, 155 degrees. We'll finish it on the cast iron, skill it in order to get that myard reaction that is nice browning on the actual chicken so it's tasty. And then while that's cooking, we'll also make some rice. So I'll get the rice going, well this is coming up to temperature and then get the chicken ready to cook in here. So for the rice, I just use a rice cooker. That's probably the cheapest rice cooker I found on Amazon again. I've had it for, I don't know, two years or something like that and it still works great. So what I'm going to do is actually make enough rice for this meal and the next meal, it's typically how I do my last two meals of the day. I just eat the same thing twice or similar thing twice. It's a really easy way to go about your food prep if you're kind of doing this on the go, just make a little bit more or double what you're normally going to consume. And so that way you'll have leftovers free to the next meal or the next day, really easy way if you don't want to do a whole bunch of meal prep at once. So we're going to do five and a half servings here, which we'll split that up. I'll probably have two-thirds here, this is a post workout meal, so I'll have a little more carbs and then one-third of it after it's cooked for the last meal of the day, the fourth meal of the day. So while this is heating up, I'm actually going to get the chicken prepared in that back in the sealed bag. I don't typically weigh the chicken per portion before I cook it. I do it afterwards. I know that most of the ways that I cook it, so I do a sous-vee in the oven, using a cast iron pan or grill in it or whatever the chicken is going to lose about the same amount of weight when I cook it. So I'm looking for about 30 grams of chicken, 30 grams of protein from the chicken, which is going to be just under four ounces of cooked chicken in this manner. So you can use the USDA food database and kind of look up the way you're cooking it and see what the cooked portion is. Otherwise you can weigh it raw and figure out the protein from that. So usually a palm-sized portion, a little palm-sized portion of chicken, cooked chicken is about four ounces, which is like 35 grams. I'm looking for just under that, so just under four ounces, about 3.7 ounces of cooked chicken or so. So in any event, get the chicken ready for this guy here. Alright, so the rice is done cooking. It is going off right now. The chicken, I pulled out of the sous-vee, it is resting over there. It doesn't quite look like it's perfectly done because the outside again is not brown, there's no myriad of reaction, no those tasty ketosamines there, waiting for me so I'm going to finish it on the cast iron grill. Now I've got to add a little butter to it and this actually brings up a good point. What do you do about added cooking fats if you're using them when you're counting your macros? Do you need to weigh it out or how do you kind of calculate these in? So I think here's a good point to make that I'm not necessarily concerned with people being accurate, make it sure they get every gram, every calorie accounted for, as long as they're doing it the same way each time, as long as they're precise. So I want you to do it the same way every single time and that'll allow you to make adjustments based on what you're actually doing. So for me I actually tend to count the cooking fats that I do cook with, even if some of it ends up still in the pan or some of it I don't actually consume. That's just the way I do it but if I didn't count it then when I made my adjustments to my macros later on, as long as they do the same way each time that would be okay. Alright, so the chickens almost done here. Easy to actually check if the internal temperature is up to the desired amount, so 165 for chicken to use a thermopens. So I'm going to check the internal temp, just stick it in, 165, 165, good, 65, good. Alright, so we're all good. So we'll pull this off, cut it up and then play it for you guys. Alright, so here is dinner number one post workout meals, four ounces cooked chicken, four servings of white rice, two servings of broccoli, a little bit of teriyaki there in the background and yeah, I feel the same way about sauces I do, about cooking fats. If you need to accurately measure everything because you're trying to limit something like saturated fat, like any other sort of dietary component in particular, then sure, measure them. But otherwise I'm more concerned with precision and consistency than I am with absolute accuracy. So if you're going to count them, just always count them. If you're not going to count them, don't count them and just make sure you're using the same amount when a regular basis. Alright, so this is the fourth meal. I'm going to eat this, read a little bit and yeah, let's do it. So this is the last meal of the day. It's just pretty much like the third meal set for where we've got edamame and a little bit less rice because this is not a post workout meal. So carbohydrates are a little bit less on this one than they were on the last meal. Let me show you guys, can you see that? We got a little more fat there. So we've got two servings of almonds. We've got two servings of edamame, one and a half servings of rice and then about four ounces cooked of chicken. And then that is all I'm going to eat for today. So I just want to go over some of the kind of finer points of the diet because everyone's going to ask, hey, how do I figure out how to do this myself? Like, okay, where's all this information? So I think the easiest way to start is figuring out your total daily calorie intake. What do you need? So you can use any one of the calculators online, they'll all give you a little bit different numbers. The ones that I prefer are the NIH, the National Institute of Health Body Planner. I'll link that in the description below or the Mifflim St. Geor equation. The NIH Body Planner is really cool. You can plug in a bunch of extra data. It's free and it's based on some really sound science. So that science and some additional data has what's helped build our nutrition template. That'll be all pretty soon, but yeah, it's a really cool little body planner if you put it on expert mode and show some of the advanced controls. So that's fun. But that just gives you a calorie number, right? So from there, you want to figure out if you're actually going to take the steps to kind of track like this, what should your macro's be? So first thing you figure out is your protein intake. And our general recommendation is 1.6 grams of protein per kilogram body weight per day on the low end, 1.6. And then the high end is 3.1. If you're maintaining weight or gaining weight, you can be towards the lower end, towards the upper end, you'd be actively losing weight and very, very lean already and training hard. It's a little like that person, you know, getting ready for a bodybuilding show or somebody who's anoballically resistant. So if they're older than a medical condition or something else that makes them more anoballically resistant, most people get away between that 1.6 to 2.1.6 to 2.5 grams per kilo per day, that would be fine and you can do animal sources that could be plant-based sources as long as you're getting that much protein in per day, I would not micro-manor stats. So that's your protein intake and then the rest of your sort of energy intake. So carbs and fat should be basically up to personal preference. With the caveat that we think you should limit your saturated fat intake to 10% of your total daily calories or less. And if you want more information on that, you should read the science of red meat. So you can take an article that I wrote that's in the description below as well. How many carbs should you have? It's really in personal preference. I think a good place to start would be somewhere in that 3 gram of carbs per kilo per day. You know, if you have that many carbs available to you, you can go a little bit less than that. If you don't, if you're a calorie restricted diet or if you prefer to have more fat to the diet, again, keeping that saturated fat intake kind of rule if you will. In mind, and then of those carbohydrates, we think you should be getting trying to aim for 10 servings of fruit and vegetables per day. It could be 5 and 5, it could be 4 and 6, whatever way you want to slice it. I think today got pretty close. That's pretty normal day. So 8 to 10 servings a day is what I get. So it would encourage you to do the same. And then from there, you need to adjust your nutrition intake based on results. So if you're trying to lose weight, are you losing weight? Or if you're not, you need to reduce energy intake, usually from carbs and fat. If you're trying to gain weight, and then you know, your weekly average weight, for example, is not to go in up. You need to add fuel and get it should probably be carbs and fat. And if you're not into tracking like this, that's fine. There are other strategies that you can employ to get results. They could be meal plans, time restricted feeding windows. So not just one way to get any of that. This is the way that I like. And I think anytime that's always making a really significant change from their baseline diet and they're trying to actively gain weight or lose weight, then you probably need to take the few extra steps as far as measuring quantity. But yeah, this is my diet. Let's actually check. Let's look at my fitness pal. So I use this app. They're not paying me to say this. I don't even buy the subscription. So I'm just using the free one that I've been using for almost a decade now. Let's check out my macro. I got 203 grams, protein, 501 grams of carbohydrates, 100 grams of fat. So anything within plus or minus 5 grams, that's usually, I'm aiming for that's like good adherence. Let's see, 5 or intake. 58 grams, I recommend folks get between 3035 grams of fiber on a minimum. So 58 grams. I did that. A saturated fat intake was well under that 10% mark. I don't get any extra points for being well under 10%, but 10% is kind of like my upper mark. Yeah, I wouldn't really worry about that. And sodium, it's fine. It's just the stuff that's in food. I do add a little bit of salt to my food, but well under the recommendation of being less than 2400 milligrams per day. And yeah, so that is my diet for a day. You guys may ask in. I delivered. Finally, make sure you hit subscribe. Hit the notifications bell so you get hints on all the latest drops. Leave us a comment below. I love to hear from you. And, hey, share this video. When your friends really help grow the channel.