Music Welcome back to the Barbell Medicine YouTube channel. I'm Dr. Jordan Fagginbaum. We have Dr. Awesome Rocky in the studio live in the flesh. That's real. He's in town this week and we decided to answer some questions from the internet. Next question. This is actually a long question that I got. I try to make these questions as generalizable as possible so the most amount of people can get something out of it versus one individual person says, I have this very specific case getting answer my question. That's probably better suited for a console because there's probably more information than we need to get anyway. The thrust of this question was, what would be your estimation at what age that I will set my all-time one rep max PRs? With the idea of being like, I am this certain age, this guy was in his 30s for example. He was recently started training and he's like, you know, how long till I hit my lifetime best PRs. And like, is that different from, you know, based on his gender, right, man versus woman? Is it different based on his age? Like, if he was started earlier, is there a different trajectory? And the way I kind of answered this question is, I don't know how long that's going to take for you to reach your peak performance, but it is likely to be many, many years after you start training, unless something else outside of your control happens. Yeah. So, like something tragic, the car accident or you're otherwise stop training and, you know, are unable to actually continue on your upper trajectory. I don't think that there's a big difference in age or gender as far as what that trajectory looks like. I would expect people who are outside of the exception if someone was very, very young, like, pre-pubescent. I wouldn't expect like that trajectory to look the same as somebody who started, you know, in their mid teens. Sure. But I would expect a similar trajectory from somebody in their mid teens or twenties as somebody in their forties who, they both started training at the same time. The absolute amount of weight that they end up lifting may be different, but the relative improvement that's probably going to track similarly, and doesn't really matter if they're a matter woman either, at least as far as me predicting how they're going to do. And just, because I always have to drop David Ricks in here. There's lots of people that we could drop, like him as one, as one very good example. 58 years old, currently holds the all-time world record squat at 700, and I think it's 7-11 or 17 or something. I'm the only 25th of my life. I'm the only one who's been here. At the 93 kilo weight class, and I've seen him set or attempt a world record squat every year, seemingly since 2013 or his 53. And it's like, he's a machine. Yeah, he's, like, he's just a machine. Actually, that math doesn't really check out. If he's 53 so next, he's 52 59. Anyway, you guys can do the math at home. You have to calculate. We got too much technology here. But, but the whole point is like, I don't know where the peak is, and then where that falls off. Like, is it in your forties? If you started in your 20s, for example, is it in your 50s? At some point, it's going to happen. It just hasn't happened for that particular individual, and I don't know that I could predict that for somebody. Yeah, I think anybody who, you know, it's perfectly reasonable if you're watching this to hear the reference today and be like, yeah, well, he's a freak. He's all the way at one end of the bell curve of the population as far as strength content. And it's like, sure. But the point is that any one person could have submitted this question, and we cannot predict in advance where they are on the thing. Yeah. So you can go and you can find studies. You can find, you know, normative data on this, descriptive data sets that say, you know, in general peak strength for, you know, for men, because they're going to sex stratified is going to be in their mid 30s or something like that. And it's like, cool. Now, you're a person. You're not the mean of that study, sure. Yeah. Right. And so that number may be problematic for you, you know, because maybe you just started training, you know, in your mid 30s, and you're like, well, shit, there's no way now, because I'm already past this peak, and it's like, well, not really because that may not be you. Maybe you turn out to be the freak. And you should probably train as if you are the freak until proven otherwise. I still see other things. Yeah. Yeah. You may not have identified the right strategy to do so if you haven't. Yeah. I mean, we we talked about this all the time with my own, you know, start in in strength training. I had a relatively unremarkable, you know, the interface of training, and it took, you know, several more years, like, we you've you've referenced your, like, first year of training before a few times, right? So your first year was decidedly freaky. Sure. Right. Pulled 550 or something in your first year of training. That was definitely not the case for me. It took me, I don't know, maybe more like three years or something like that. And some people takes a decade. Some people, they're never able to do it. But then interestingly, despite that market difference in our first year of training, now our numbers are like, extremely similar, like within a, within a couple percent of one another on all three lifts. And so nobody could have predicted that from the way things started. And yeah, I mean, it remains to be seen what happens in the next decade. I'm sure. Yeah. And I guess the final point here is like, I don't know that it matters what your peak strength ends up being from like a health perspective. I know that it doesn't. Yeah. So actually, this is kind of a second. It's not part of this question. But we were asked, like, you got to come up with some strength standards for health, right? Yeah. And it's like, in both Austin, I were like, no, because we can't. And I keep thinking about this question. And my thought is like, I actually don't know that if it matters, if you actually get it's markedly stronger, because I actually think the participation in the exercise itself is probably like the more useful thing. It'd be very difficult to not actually gain strength, just by like participating. But what I'm getting at is that if somebody's like, I gained 20 percent on my squat any year and another person gained 2 percent on their squat any year. I'm like, I don't, that doesn't tell me whether there's any like health difference there based on your exercise participation. So I think they're about the same. If somebody was like, I, and I could go further, 100 percent, you doubled your squat versus 2 percent. I'm like, all I know for sure is that you can squat more than this person. But if you guys spent the same amount of time in the gym, same like exercise duration, etc. Like, I feel like the health benefits you're getting out of training are pretty similar. I, and then the programming and some other like outside the gym considerations like nutrition and sleep and stuff like that are going to really help me figure out like who's actually going to gain more muscle because I don't know that the person who's gained 100 percent on their squat actually is gained more lean body mass, which I also also think is important to like this health thing. So my strength standards like how strong do you actually have to get to be healthy? It's like, I think you just have to try. But you know, you just have to be actively participating in this stuff and to the extent you need to hit a certain number, I don't have those numbers. I'll, I refuse. So like, if those numbers, because I don't think that they're meaningful, they're literally just made up and have no evidence. I could tell you a hand grip dynamometer value that you need to achieve, right? And it's like, yeah, there are certain, if you look at like the sarcopenial literature, there are strength and lean body mass standards that you'll see described in terms of how strong your hand grip strength should be how much appendicular, you know, meaning lean body mass on your arms and your legs that you should have. But those are also correlational relationships. So it's like this correlates with better outcomes. We have less evidence on, okay, I'm going to take somebody with this lower hand grip strength to this standard of hand grip strength. And all of a sudden, thinking they're going to get much better. I do think, you know, we've talked about this when people were at about being non-responders to training and we've cited some of those papers on the more outcomes you measure from training, the fewer apparent non-responders there are, meaning that everybody improves in some fashion, just from participation in exercise or resistance exercise in particular. There probably are some health outcomes that are more heavily mediated by actually getting stronger or increasingly body mass, things like bone mineral density, things like that will be like maybe fall risk, fracture risk, although even then I imagine that, you know, things like fall risk, probably can improve just from like neuromuscular skill and performance, independent of actual strength and lean body mass. So this stuff gets kind of complicated. I think we will probably end up having to provide some sort of a standard, but I would be more willing to provide a standard in terms of relative strength and commitment. So a percent improvement from baseline and basically saying it would be reasonable to train somebody in order to achieve this relative improvement from baseline rather than saying everybody needs a squat, 225 or something like that because that's definitely not the case. Right. Yeah. And then the idea would be if you are not attaining this relative improvement, it's either underdosed or the wrong formulation. Yeah. So to me, it's more just like if you didn't actually get stronger, it's a programming issue rather than like, you know, some willpower or like in-her effect in somebody cool.