Music Welcome back to the Barbell Medicine YouTube channel. I'm Dr. Jordan Fagginbaum. We have Dr. Awesome Rocky in the studio live in the flesh. That's real. He's in town this week and we decided to answer some questions from the internet. Can lower weights produce similar adaptations if pre-feteed when the RPE is the same? I think this question is like if you're fatigued, right, or otherwise your performance potential is lower on a given day, can reduce the reduced load that you're necessarily having to use to maintain RPE drive similar adaptations than if you had a high performance day, but RPE is still the same. My answer to that is yeah, I mean that's the whole point of using RPE is that you get the correct dose of training stress to drive the fitness adaptations that you want. And so you want something that's the same level of exertion at the same rep scheme, you know, same rest intervals because that's going to produce the same or similar adaptations. And when you go look in the literature there's a much wider range of acceptable training intensities that drive in this case strength adaptations. And when you talk about high-purchary adaptations, that gets even wider which is why you can have very rep schemes that will produce high-purchary fees. So I think the easiest way to think about this is to consider the converse scenario where you don't lower the weight when you're extremely fatigued, right? It stays real heavy and then it's just a lot harder. You're probably not able to do the same number of reps or if you are again the RPE maybe instead of being seven it's 11. That is very obviously going to generate different adaptations as well as generating way more of what we called previously the negative kind of consequences the fatigue cost and things like that. So if you just imagine the other scenario where you just ignore the effects of fatigue and you just throw the weight on the bar anyway that's obviously going to generate different adaptations and different costs compared to adjusting the weight based on where your performance is at that time. Yeah it's just putting too much of an emphasis on the absolute load because it's like the whole reason for using RPE is to effectively arrive at a similar intensity like relative intensity on a given day with changing performance. So it's like let's say that the RPE that you're using for the reps scheme is you know once you do use somewhere between 70 to 75% of your one-rette and on a day when you have high level of performance that happens to be heavier. Yeah but on a day when you have reduced level of performance it's lower. It's like okay it was still 70 to 75% just your one-art M change for the day.