Music Welcome back to the Barbell Medicine YouTube channel. I'm Dr. Jordan Fagginbaum. We have Dr. Awesome Rocky in the studio live in the flesh. That's real. He's in town this week and we decided to answer some questions from the internet. Next question, I've recently watched a video from Squat about how the femurs sits on the hip will determine the optimal squat stance for individuals. Okay, so the first part of this is like that you would be able to tell prospectively without a person doing a squat going through any sort of training intervention you would be able to tell just by looking at them and measuring how their hips are anatomically to tell them what stance would be ideal, which is clearly complete made up bullsh**. The other part would be like actually being able to measure this stuff with any degree of accuracy, also complete fabric, completely fabricated. And then the third part of this is is there an optimal stance for an individual. And I think that gets more complex when you talk about their preferred style, bar placement. Like I don't want to reduce it down to just the stance because all of these other things matter, right? And including like what is their standard? What are their points of performance sure with a lift? Like does it just blow a parallel? Is it you know, asked to grasp squat? Is it a front squat to get ready for like Olympic weightlifting performance? So all of that stuff matters and would change the stance anyway. The idea that your hips are going to determine the one weird stance that is appropriate for you. Completely is a foreign concept to me. And I think that those types of narratives in the exercise, fitness, rehab, medical, you know, pseudo-medical provider work, like just get them out of here. I think they're trash and I think this particular individual doesn't necessarily audience. I agree with the fact that there's no optimal squat stance for individuals as a generalizable kind of idea, which then just kind of like obviates the need to even address the rest of the question. But let's grant that and let's say that there is such a thing. Sure. I think that it would be like you said determined by so many other factors or so many other factors would play a role in determining that that female position alone is like one very simple variable in this much more complex system. And then taking it even further down, yes, the ability to assess the specific femoral head relationship to the socket, the acetabulum, etc. is extremely limited, particularly in the absence of radiographic assessment. So x-rays and things like that, like certainly not by physical examination, can you tell that kind of thing. You know Tom, one of the most embarrassing moments that he's ever had around me. We're in Australia. Okay, we're talking about hips because you know what you do. Yeah. And he said acetybellum. Oh boy. And I was like, excuse me? You know, and it's the one with his whole thing. He was an acetylabulum. And then I had this moment. I was like, oh no, I've turned into one of those guys. Well, dynamic nerd straight up. And I had all these flashbacks every time I got corrected for like saying bicep, for example, or tricep, for example. Or saying, I used to say, uh, doodum. And then the anatomy professor would stick your head out of the door and say, it's duodenum. I'm like, okay. I know for one thing, it's not acetybellum. Yeah. It's acetabulum across the board. Yeah. Anyway. Yeah, I don't give this concept effectively any stock. And I don't think that you can predict any what the positions, the style, the technique that somebody is going to ultimately prefer based on any single variable, including, you know, one's hip positioning. The other thing is like both of our stance's movement patterns, technique, squat style has evolved over the years too. And so, you know, we could have gone to some sort of a guru when we first started and he could have done some sort of a hip exam and said, oh, you need to stand this far apart with your toes in this position. And this is perfect for you. And that would have not necessarily been, you know, held true over the course of a whole training career. Um, then includes many other changes, adaptations, structural adaptations, weight gain, weight loss, strength loss, like all kinds of stuff. So, I would just dismiss this concept. Anyway, it will also be bad too, because it's like, if you don't attain this particular width and toe angle, or whatever, then you're likely it increased risk of injury. Yeah. It's like, or reduce performance, imagine you make it to IPF worlds, right? And you're like walking out your third squat and your shoe gets like stuck on the carpet and you can't quite get that toe angle. And the only thing is, you know, if I just would have gotten the right toe angle, if I'm going to be charitable to the question and grant it some degree of, okay, I can see this point. Yeah. The, that that point would be to recognize that, um, there is substantial degree of inter-individual structural variation between people. Yeah. And that is a variable that can play a role in how people move and they're preferred squats to them. And they're preferred squats to, etc. So that would, you know, support the idea that when somebody comes in for coaching, you don't need to force them into a particular box of you need to stand like this with your toe angles like this. And this is the correct squat stance in general. So recognizing, yep, people are built differently. But I wouldn't use this concept to say, oh, there is a perfect way for you to stand and I can predict it based on knowing how your hips sits. Yeah, I would agree with that. And then just, when you add the hip part in there, it's like you lost me. Yeah, you lost me. It just means you don't understand the squat. You know, I tried. You tried to eat it.