Alright, when discussing the Ateon in 2006 study, we saw people who did not respond to the training program, are there any follow-up studies that show that initial non-responders do in fact respond when presented with the appropriate stimulus? Yes, there are. There are a number of studies and this idea of non-response to exercise is pretty interesting. It's been discussed in the research world quite a bit. For anybody who's interested in the topic, probably the best paper to go to is from 2018 from Pickering and Kylie. The title of it is, do non-responders to exercise exist and if so, what should we do about this? It's like non-responders. It's perfect. It was a great, I remember reading it when it first came out, we circulated at a round-eyed group and a lot of the discussion there and in that kind of field informed a lot of the discussion that you guys heard from us this weekend, as far as how we presented it to you. Definitely, influence our thoughts on the matter. As it turns out, this concept of non-response to exercise is not really defined all that well because the idea is there are a whole host of different adaptations that you can get out of exercise. And the idea of non-response just means that there's no change in any measurable, physiologic variable whatsoever, which is pretty unlikely. In fact, they make a case and we agree with it that it doesn't basically happen again in living humans. As we made the case, during the seminar, we said, if you're alive, you have the capacity to adapt in some capacity. That means that there may be some variables that you adapt more to in a given program and some less and somebody else might respond in a different pattern across those kind of physiologic variables. They make the case that we should differentiate or not get away from using the term non-responder altogether and focus more on the term, did not respond, IE, to that particular program, which is exactly what we discussed this weekend, rather than labeling somebody OU or a non-responder like you're incapable of adapting. Rather, this program wasn't the right one for you and rather we need to find the right dose and formulation of stimulus for you. The other interesting aspect of this is they cite a whole bunch of the research in this realm and they found that rates of apparent non-response to exercise go down, meaning we see more and more people respond. The longer a study goes, so if you keep people training for longer, eventually you see some response, additionally with higher doses of training, which is exactly what we talked about this weekend, higher volumes or in some contexts, higher frequencies. So there are studies of people training twice a week and you see a parent, low responders in that study and they bump them up to four times a week and suddenly you see training responses, so increasing the dose of exercise. And then the other one is interesting and it pertains more to study methodology. It has to do with how many variables they actually measure. So if all you measure is like one RM strength, for example, then there may be more apparent non-responders compared to if you measured strength outcomes, hypertrophy outcomes, maybe body composition changes, maybe resting heart rate changes, maybe blood pressure, maybe blood lipids, the more things you measure, the more likely you are to actually end up detecting some adaptive response to exercise. So that part is like almost a study methodology issue where you can have higher rates of kind of apparent non-response. If you don't look at enough variables of adaptation that people can possibly respond to exercise with. So all of this stuff heavily informed the discussion that you guys heard during the lecture this weekend and the idea that if you're alive you can adapt in some capacity to something and we are job the coaches job is to find the right dose and formulation of exercise to help you generate their response that you're looking for. Yeah, do you imagine a situation where somebody told you that you were a non-responder to exercise? And then or like you had been training for a while, let's say like a year, and no program that you had done had worked well for you. Everything you felt like, at least relative to your expectations and then maybe the people who you were working out with or training with, they all did much better than you. So you were on the low and the accountant end of the scale, again, President Company excluded. Like what kind of psychological warfare would you have to endure to just persevere and then be like, it's going to be okay, I'm going to find this program, I'm going to identify this thing. But that happens all the time in sport where people don't do well at their self-selected sport or their second sport that they got exposed to or the third sport. But they keep trying different things and find the thing that they excel with. And I think that's how I view training. It's like even if you've been on five, six, whatever, different programs before and not done that well. My role is a coach is to identify the thing where things that allow you to develop yourself to your maximum potential. That's what I'm here for, ideally. So the idea that fitting people into this rigid like it's got to be this program, why does this program work all the time, for example, or because it's working the past with other people I've coached or it's my preference. Those things are holding coaches back. Those things are holding their clients back. And so the idea would be more malleable, be more open to trying different things. You're trying to find, again, the right dose, the right formulation and anything that stands in your way of doing that is basically limitation. And that could may include being told or sort of condition to be like, well, you're just not going to respond well. You're a woman. You can't respond well to training. Right? And it's like, what does that do at a society level? But that's for another YouTube video. So don't hate me in the comments. You'll hear similar discussions come up when people talk about weight loss and diets. There's discussion, you'll hear doctors, for example, or coaches say, this individual failed this diet, or they failed so many number of diets, or in medicine you'll hear people say, this patient, quote, failed physical therapy. I'd always correct that kind of language when we're talking about it because none of these things are like one monolithic intervention that we can do to people. And the person didn't fail the diet. That dietary approach did not work for them. And there is an approach that we can find, keep experimenting until we find something that worked similarly, the specific approach that was provided by the specific physical therapists that they saw may not have worked well for them. You don't know what the dose of exercise was, the formulation, maybe all they did was they went in and they got passive east in for the whole 12 weeks of their rehab. No shit, they didn't get better. Right? Because that doesn't work unless they were going to get better on their own anyway. So they didn't fail that physical therapy, that physical therapist, or more arguably failed the patient and we need to find a better way to get them to adapt. In that situation, in the same way, somebody training for performance needs to find the right formulation to adapt. Same way, somebody trying to find the right diet for weight loss, needs to find the right dietary setup that's going to work for them to let them achieve their goals. Yeah. The 35-year-old male failed exercise. Right. Wait, what? Yeah. Okay.