Music Hey everyone, welcome back to the Barbell Medicine YouTube channel. We'll be bringing modern medicine to strength conditioning and strength conditioning to modern medicine under host doctor Jordan Faganbaum and we are back I got a new white coat got some motivation and so what I've done is created a bunch of content that's going to be coming out every Tuesday here on the Barbell Medicine YouTube channel So make sure you subscribe to our channel to get all the latest updates. Make sure you like the video and also we want to hear what you want to see next on this channel so you can leave that in the comments below. We really love hearing from you. What are we talking about today? Hurnie is. Let's not waste any time. Let's dig into this. Music Hurnia is when an organ or part of an organ or tissue abnormally protrudes through the wall of the cavity that's normally contained in such as when a loop of bowel gets pushed through a weed point in the abdominal wall fascia. This weed point creates a defect in the fascia which is basically a band or sheet of connected tissue. It's primarily collagen that's beneath the skin and attaches stabilizes and closes and separates muscles and other organs. Alright next up how are hernias named and the reason I wanted to talk about this is because people read this diagnosis and they're like well what the heck does that mean? So hernias are typically classified by location and or cause. For example, hernias that develop from a prior surgical incision are called incisional hernias. Those that don't result from a surgical incision are called primary or acquired hernias. They're also named by location. So ventral hernias which occur anteriorly on the ventral side of the body can be epigastric in the epigastric area or umbilical in the region of the umbilicus et cetera. Similarly, growing hernias occur in the lower region of the abdomen, the groin where the thigh beats the hip and there are two major types femoral and ingwinnell. Ingwinnell occurs along the ingwinnell canal typically above. Whereas femoral hernias occur typically below the ingwinnell canal. There are many other types of hernias, but we're going to focus on ingwinnell hernias in this video. What other thing to say, sometimes the complications also make their way into the naming of the hernias or you might hear people describe these different terms such as reducible basically meaning you can push the hernia back in through the defect in the cavity that it normally was enclosed in or an incarcerated hernia which basically means the hernias trapped and it cannot be reduced which causes reduced blood flow. Also strangulation which basically leads to uh ischemia or lack of blood flow and necrosis or death of the contents of the hernia. Next up, who gets an ingwinnell hernia? So this is super common approximately 5 million Americans about 5% of the population have hernia. The majority of these hernias are located in the groin 96% of them are ingwinnell hernias which again is a subject of this video. This typically results in about 700,000 surgical repairs each year in the United States and it's the third most common reason for people to go see their doctor. Alright next up, getting to the meat of this, how do you know if you have hernia? So about 2-3rd, 66% of hernias are symptomatic meaning that you're going to have a dull vague pain usually in the lower groin or lower abdomen region. On the other hand, if you have moderate to severe pain that comes on with the quickness, it still could be due to hernia but probably not just your run in the middle hernia but perhaps it's incarcerated or strangulated and that warns emergent sort of evaluation from a physician. If it comes on quickly and it's not due to hernia it could also be to stick to the torsion, epididomytois, hydroceal, varicocel or a bunch of other different medical conditions that again need to be worked up by a doctor. So if 2-3rds are symptomatic, that means that 1-3rd are asymptomatic or without symptoms but typically there's a bulge that is present and that you can see and that the physician will be able to see. Typically that will be reducible again that you can actually push the contents of the hernia back through the wall where it was herniated from. This is diagnosed via physical examination and physical exams actually pretty good at picking this stuff up so it's 75% sensitive and 96% specific. Those are pretty good odds. Typically you have the patient standing an actively coughing or doing a valsalvo maneuver and should see a bulge above or below the inclinal ligament crease. So above's typically an inclinal hernia and below is typically a femoral hernia. Now the real reason why you all are here, what causes hernia. So there are a handful of things that we have a high degree of evidence for. So thing 1 inheritance. So basically give a first degree relative that's been diagnosed with an inclinal hernia that increases the likelihood that you will get an inclinal hernia. Gender also we've kind of discussed this before. This is way more common in men about eight times than there 20 times more likely to need a surgical repair. Age also appears to be a risk factor for developing an inclinal hernia and there appears to be this like buy modal distribution meaning there's one signal one peak very early age about five years old and then the next biggest peak occurs. When individuals are much older 60 to 74 years old now it does appear to increase over time as individuals get older and older. So individuals that are 24 to 39 tend to have a lower risk than individuals who are 40 to 59 and that again keeps increasing 60 to 74 and 75 plus other things that increase risk of inclinal hernias that we have high levels of evidence for. So connective tissue disorders typically that are inherited if you have prostate surgery history specifically prostatectomy so removal of the prostate either complete or partial. And there are handful of things that may increase risk although we don't really have great evidence for them so race may play a role. Inglinal hernias are significantly less common among black adults. For example chronic constipation may also increase inglinal herniar risk although the date is not great. Now a few of you are probably scratching your head thinking hey didn't you miss a few things like obesity don't individuals with obesity have higher risks of inclinal herniad development because we know that obesity or excess atopacity tends to be a risk factor for many different things. However in this case it actually appears that excess atopacity or individuals with obesity it might actually be protective in any case the data appears pretty clear that you know individuals who are overweight or who are obese tend to have lower incidences of inginal hernias another thing you'll notice that I didn't say increased risk of inginal hernia is tobacco use again if you asked doctors just in the street hey what increases risk of any disease most of the time they're going to say excess atopose tissue or obesity and then the next thing is going to be smoking or some some of that fortunately right now the data actually suggests that tobacco use is not a risk factor for developing inginal hernias factor some evidence showing it may reduce the risk not advising anybody to go start using tobacco because I don't think that data is very clear but the data is what it is right now and it doesn't appear that individuals who use tobacco have any higher risk of developing herniad now let's get to the good stuff the real reason that you guys are here at the barbell minutes and YouTube channels because you want to know does lifting actually increase the risk of inginal hernia development you know that you're going to get a hernia or maybe that was just my family but that is a question that we get all the time and so I dug into the research and there's a few different lines of converging evidence that also just probably not so thing one in guinalt hernia development is typically not due to a single event in fact the study I've linked in the description below is titled it is highly unlikely that the development of a dominal wall hernia can be attributable to a single strenuous event and effectively I'll read the exact quotation we conclude that we are unable to find any clinical evidence to support the hypothesis that a hernia might develop as the result of one single strenuous or traumatic event but we accept that this mechanism might still possibly occur we believe that at best it is extremely uncommon so what that means is that it's unlikely that a single event like lifting a heavy single on a squat or deadlift or doing a heavy set or hard workout increases your risk so what we have is secondly, you might think that have some some more头 and moreakes rather than very difficult understanding. heavy lifting, particularly because you have to hold your breath because you're doing a Valsalva maneuver. So the Valsalva maneuvers when you fill up your lungs with air so the lungs expand the diaphragm goes down and impart some pressure in the abdominal cavity, because the diaphragm goes down. You're contracting your abs which limits how far the internal organs can go forward so you create increased inter-abdominal pressure. You also also get increased intra-therasic pressure because you're not letting that air escape, basically you've closed your glottis so you have increased intra-therasic pressure appear and increased intra-abdominal pressure down there. The idea is all this increase in pressure is going to keep cumulatively cause a defect in the fascia, a defect in the musculature, something like that that's going to cause you to have a hernia. So let's take a look at what the data says. It doesn't appear that cumulative intra-abdominal pressure increases the risk of developing an inclinal hernia. So to better answer this question we can look at this Danish study where they took 18,000 men followed them for about 18 years to see if there was any correlation between the hours spent per day standing, walking or lifting loads greater than 20 kilos. Now if there was an issue with this cumulative intra-abdominal stress what you'd expect to see is way greater incidents of enguinal hernias in those who spent the most time lifting loads greater than 20 kilos. Right? However there was no significant difference in enguinal hernia cases between those who lifted the most wheat per day and those who didn't lift at all. In fact the only significant relationship that was found was that those individuals who were standing for greater than six hours per day had a 45% higher risk of having to have surgery to repair an enguinal hernia than those who were standing for less than four hours per day. But there was no association found with a amount of load lifted or frequency of load lifted. So that all suggests that lifting probably doesn't increase the risk of developing hernia. Rather the things that we referred to earlier, particularly the things that have high levels of evidence that they increase enguinal herniarisc. So inheritance, that familial predisposition, sex, so again males tend to have a much higher risk of developing enguinal hernia than women do age, that by-modeled distribution that we talked about, connect of tissue disorders, surgical histories, specifically prostatectomy. Those things probably contribute much, much more than any sort of sort of lifting based risk. All right, so now we get to talk about treatment. If you have an enguinal hernia, what do? If you're concerned that you have a hernia based on symptoms and or the presence of a bulge, you should be evaluated by a physician for diagnosis and management. Go get a check-out. Don't listen to me here on the internet to diagnose you. But if you get diagnosed, what can you expect? So from a treatment standpoint, most enguinal hernias are symptomatic and the definitive cure for asymptomatic growing hernia is surgery. asymptomatic are minimally symptomatic, male and glinal hernia patients may choose to use this watchful weight in approach since the risk of hernia-related emergencies is relatively low. Now there are some risks, so like complications of the hernia, the symptoms could worsen and they may be in need for emergency surgery. But again, that's relatively low. So basically a shared decision between the physician and the patient based on preferences, risks, they'd individual case and all that sort of stuff should be undertaken. So if you do need surgery, a mesh repair is recommended as the first choice. And the surgery can be performed by a number of different ways, which depends on the surgeon, their expertise, the patient and hernia-related characteristics and complications, the anatomy, and also the resources. Right now, one standard repair technique for all growing hernias does not exist. All right, you just had hernia repair surgery and you're trying to get back to lifting what do. So unfortunately, most surgeons' recommendations for physical activity restrictions are not evidence-based and they have the potential to greatly affect physical activity participation in their patients. The existing data on inguinal hernia repair indicates that most activities can be resumed within three to five days for those undergoing elective and glinal hernia repair. And in fact, when you look at the 2018 International Guidelines for Hernia Management, they actually say a period of rest or a lifting restriction is not necessary after an inguinal hernia operation. Patients can do what they feel capable of doing. So your surgeon may give you different advice and it's up to you to advocate for your own help and ask questions as to why because there might have been a complication or particular procedure used that increases your risk and then also just be upfront about what's your plan and undoing and try to come up with this sort of shared decision making plan with them. But that's what the data says. That's what the current guidelines are. So at least you have a few talking points to initiate that conversation and again, hopefully come up with a shared plan going forward. All right, that's a wrap on this video. Again, make sure you subscribe to the Barbell Medicine YouTube channel. We'll be here every Tuesday. Every Monday, we drop a new podcast wherever you get your podcasts from. Wednesday, you can join me over on my Instagram page, Jordan underscore barbell medicine. I do an Instagram live. So if you want to ask questions, we're there. Every Wednesday, night 530 p.m. Pacific Standard Time and we post a new article over on the Barbell Medicine website, barbell medicine.com. Every Friday. So we've got loads of content coming at you. So check us out across these platforms. If you want to stay up to date on all the latest nuance and the health and fitness world, we'll see you next time here on the Barbell Medicine YouTube channel. See you.