You guys so much for joining us here at our first seminar back since COVID-19. We're here in Norfolk, Virginia, Ireland, asylum gym. Thank you so much for coming out. Nobody clap this time. Yeah, all right. Thanks. Thank you for watching on YouTube. Check this out. We're going to answer some questions that were submitted during our seminar. Thank you for doing that. If you're a question, does not get answered here. Sorry. Go to our forum. We'll answer it there. And if that doesn't work, you should hop on one of my Instagram lives every Wednesday, 5 30 PM, 16 or time. I'll try to answer it there. If that doesn't work, DM Austin. No, he's very active and responsive to DM's. Particularly one that goes to his unread folder, he's just, yeah, he's on it. So that works. Okay. Let's go through our questions. Question one. Does intro work out nutrition make a difference, such as a gauge rate or other simple carbo hydrates during a workout? You want to start with this? Yeah, I mean, whatever. You got it. All right. I mean, I don't know if you have thoughts. I have some. Okay. Let's start with your thoughts. I think we're talking about two different things with those examples. For example, if you're talking about gatorade versus or like gatorade zero, for example, or simple carbo hydrates, because there's some difference with respect to electrolyte content. There. And I think for most people who are pursuing regular, just simple resistance training, barbell training, the type of exercise that that is, the demands of the exercise, typically are not going to make intro work out carbohydrate, supplementation, really necessary. I would say a similar thing with respect to the electrolyte concentration for people who are doing right, just routine, barbell base resistance training like in a gym like this. I think there can be some considerations depending on the environment that the person is in. That would be one thing. And then other specific aspects of their training. So environment, I'll give you myself as an example who routinely trains in an outdoor garage in South Texas, upwards of 110 degree temperatures, 90 minute to two hour session, losing substantial or not insignificant amounts of sweat. You could make a point for comparing, if I was just drinking lots and lots and lots of plain water during that session, let's say I ended up needing to drink, you know, two liters of plain water during that session versus something that had some electrolyte concentration in it, like, a gatorate although I would also argue that the electrolyte concentration to gatorate is probably too low for that purpose. I could make a case for using something that had some electrolytes, some added sodium, potassium, et cetera, during that session would be reasonable, knowing that I'm not like measuring my blood levels throughout this session. But losing tons of sweat and I would prefer to replace a similar type of fluid compared to plain water if I'm going to need to use a lot of it. The consequence to drinking lots and lots of plain water as you can actually dilute your blood sodium levels down, condition called hypoenetremia, a few other consequences that are best avoided. Of course, in the course of somebody who's training doing that, it's not necessarily going to be life-threatening in most typical training situations, but you hear new stories every year about, you know, college kids who go through hazing rituals and they drink tons of water until some kid dies or something like that. And so hypoenetremia is real and potentially risky. So that would be the point out, make on the electrolyte front for carbohydrate consumption, again, for regular routine like our type of parable training, I think for most people, it's not necessary, assuming that you're eating reasonably the rest of the day. You haven't been, you know, fasted for 24 hours when you go to lift in which case, yeah, you should probably get something in you if you want to perform well during the session. But, you know, myself, I typically eat anywhere from 90 minutes to three hours somewhere in that range before I train or consume something in that period of time. So I don't find for myself that consuming carbohydrates during the session is necessary. I think probably some folks who do extremely high volume bodybuilding training or something, they may have different opinions on this, but that's kind of outside my scope or what I would want to manage myself. Yeah, yeah, I think for resistance training, when considering adding an electrolyte drink, electrolyte replacement drink, one, the evidence on this is very underwhelming as far as suggesting any performance improvement, yeah, they're in the short term or like your next session being better. So I don't think I could recommend it based on current evidence. If you prefer the pallidability, that way it tastes, right, and you're going to be consuming a lot of fluid because you train in somewhere that's very hot or humid or both or you sweat a lot. That seems totally reasonable to me, but I don't know that you need to do that. Retainly, main thing that's going to predict how well you do in those situations is what you aid in drink leading up to that and not just that day, but also the series of days and weeks before that. So, there currently the best fluid intake guidelines we have for athletes or the NATA North America Training Association guidelines. You can check those out if you're watching this online, but I'm in the description below about kind of outline with the complexities here. Basically, people sweat at different rates, different concentrations of electrolytes are in different environments, trained for different durations of time, so making it like again a specific hydration sort of recommendation is impossible. But with respective performance improvement, like if you drink a gatorade, well, you're bench-brusco, probably not. And then as far as carbohydrates or otherwise eating food during a workout. So, again, the data right now on resistance training is not impressive at all, and so from a performance standpoint, would not necessarily recommend consuming food during a workout unless you personally prefer it, which is the same way I feel about timing of a pre-workout meal. I personally like eating about two hours before I workout, but I don't like setting a stopwatch after I finish my last flight to say, two hours, it's now time to live. That's just how it ends up working on my daily schedule. Other people like to eat a little closer to their workout or even a little further apart. I agree with Austin as long as you're not fasted. It's a good idea. And then that all kind of goes out the window when we start talking about endurance training, particularly endurance training that's lasting for over 90 minutes, two hours or longer than that. There's actually recommendations from the International Sports Society of Nutrition, talking about a actual carbohydrate recommendations per duration of time. I don't remember what they are off hand, but they actually give a carbohydrate recommendation. And I think that would be a good place to start. If you're an endurance-minded individual, but then I'd have to ask you like, why are you watching a marble medicine YouTube channel? It's a wrong channel for you. They still want to get jacked. Yeah, no, it's fine. So, in relation to your resistance training, like you don't need any goo packs or like, you know, what else would you would you have? If you were, if you were running a marathon and you knew that you needed a snack in the middle, what would be your snack? I know mine is the ego first, because I know you like answering stuff on the spot. Well, if you're going to have to consume it while you're running, then I kind of tend to agree that those kind of gel pack things are fairly quick and convenient and easy to throw down instead of something you need to chew. Sure? Well, one, I'm not a very fast runner. I know this surprised you. And certainly from my own marathon, I'm not moving very quickly. Okay? So, you're going to sit down and have a meal because you may as well. Yeah, 100% not winning. I'm definitely not winning. The whole idea is to finish. And I think, you know, I don't want but I don't want to get sick later either. Okay. So, for me, it's going to be an Elvis Presley, which is a grilled peanut butter and jelly sandwich with a banana. And that's delicious. Yeah, that will work. Well, I'm not going to run with it, but I wasn't running in the first place. I was already walking. Okay. Yeah. And then, you know, probably a beer. It's got a bunch of electrolytes in it. Get a re-hydrating and also takes the edge off because I'm like, should I really keep going? Fair enough? Yep. Pro-t it.