So, Mike's just introduced first our speakers here. Dr. Jordan Feinbaum on the left and Dr. Austin Baroque in the right. These guys are from a company called Barbell Medicine. And they are something most formalist and subject matter experts when it comes to strength of training, combining into with medicine, whether from a practical application or from, you know, having more stuff to do research and deciphering the literature. They've written publications for professionals, you need to read articles for professional publications that we as medical providers reference. And they themselves, I think, are one of the most important things they walk to walk, right? They're both left and not literally left, both competitive listeners and the computer. So, you know, they hit it for both the medical side and the, hey, we're actually withers and deepest for a living side as well. Dr. Fai-Mongon on the left is a family practice physician, lives in San Diego. And he started the company Barbell Medicine in 2012. I'm really to address this gap of, you know, hey, how we combine strength training with current medical practices. And I precise Dr. Barack Himmlerite, he's an internal medicine physician. And he actually currently works in teachers at San Antonio with a military medical center at 4th and he's the Texas. So, additionally, just as you guys know, we have a little question and answer box over the last months or months or so, we've collected questions from people coming into the clinics. We're sure we're going to the hospital about, you know, concerns they have. So, after the presentation today, we'd like to feel some of the questions with you guys or any additional questions you have. So, if that being said, Dr. Fai-Mongon will come on up and we'll start with you in my final class. Thank you. Thanks, man. Thank you. All right. Let's get this pulled up. How many in here have done the new ACFC already? Everybody? A lot of people. Okay, cool. Anybody nervous about it? Nobody. That was good. All right, cool. We're done. Okay, so what we're going to talk about, what I'm going to talk about today is low back pain. What it is, why it happens and what we can do about it to reduce the risk of it, to manage it, really try to build some stuff efficacy and your own personal knowledge base about how this applies to your life. So, just to give you an example of the scope, the size of this problem. This is the leading cause of disability in almost all high-income countries, including United States. It affects about 540 million people worldwide. The army actually has the highest incidence of low back pain amongst all military branches. So, Marines with the lowest, they're like the average, and the army has about double the incidence. We don't know why. Cut to the chase. I don't know why. That being said, from 2010 to 2014, there are about 6 million doctors visits for low back pain, for active duty military, about over 6 million. Okay. Of those over 6 million doctors visits, 91% of them are diagnosed as non-specific low back pain. So, about 91% of them, where diagnosis and non-specific low back pain, we'll talk about what that actually is, how about a place to you, and what we can do about it. But first we have to back up, what is pain? I know I'm not going to ask for a show of hand, how many of you have had pain, I assume it's everyone, it's part of the human existence. Okay. But what is it? The way I like to describe it is that pain is an experience. It's an experience that drives behavioral changes or actions in order to protect us from something that we think is threatening, something we perceive as a threat. So, anything that increases that threat, so fear, anxiety, learned experiences, people around you, increases the perception of pain. An interesting story happened while I was training at a gym, about two years ago, there was a pull-up bar, and a woman was doing toes to bar up there, so she's running her toes all the way up to the bar. She fell off, so about a 10-foot drop, landed right on her back. You walk or you are right, and then she started crying, and she started holding her back, and she refused to get up on her own after that. She had to go to the emergency room, where she was diagnosed with absolutely nothing. She went home. It doesn't mean that her experience of pain wasn't real, or that it was quote unquote all in her head. That was a real experience. She really felt the pain, but that was influenced by outside things outside of just biological and anatomical inputs. The people descending upon her and asking her, are you okay? Oh my gosh, lay down, I'm going to go to a webinar, what do you have? Oh my gosh, you might have fractured three vertebra. That sounds bad. Or a disc's secustration. What does that? I don't know, but it's the long word. It's probably bad. Probably didn't help her. Anything that increases that threat has a potential to influence or increase pain. So if it's not understanding what something means, having fear anxiety about it, or somebody previously close to you had the same thing, and they had a bad outcome. My dad had low back pain for 30 years. He would stay on the couch, for example. It's a learned response. One of the biggest take home points here is that pain is not attributed to just one thing. Rather, it is a combination of different things that are going on. So one, what's going on in your body from a biological or anatomical standpoint? I'm not going to tell you that what's going on inside your body has no influence on pain, but that's just one aspect of it. It's just one aspect. So what's going on biologically or anatomically? Second, psychologically. What's going on with your mood? Your thoughts, your feelings, your knowledge base of the experience that's happening. That can influence this perception of threat. And also socially, people around you. The environment, your education level. All of these things can inspire combined together to kind of generate this pain experience, or influence if you even have a pain experience in the beginning. To kind of make this more clear, I'd like to use this analogy to hunger. Hunger is another experience that drives behavioral change to protect us from starving. There are many different inputs. Some of these, you guys can probably relate to. So biological inputs for sure. Different hormones or metabolic signals can influence us to go seek food to eat. But how many of you have been upset or anxious and not felt like eating or have the alternative response where you over ate, because you felt sad. Maybe turn all the gray anatomy. Ice cream. Just me, okay. Alternatively, how many of you have been so busy right at you've missed multiple meals. And then you look at your watch, you look at your phone and say, oh gosh, I'm hungry now because you see what time it is. Or you weren't very hungry and a bunch of people around you started eating or you went to an event where everybody else was eating and you're like, oh, I should eat. I'm hungry now. Social inputs into your experience of hunger. So again, it's not to say that these things are all just made up or they're not real. These are real experiences. Hunger and pain are both real experiences. They're just multiple inputs that shape that experience. So in both cases, these experiences are not from a single thing. There's not a hunger generator in the brain, just one area that says, hey, be hungry now. Just like there's no pain generator, one area of the body that's ant hip, you're in pain now. Rather, these are experiences that come from a combination of different inputs. And they're both normal experiences in life. We wouldn't want you to live a life free from pain. People who have the disorder, this congenital pain and sensitivity syndrome, they tend to die early in childhood. From burns or traumas or other diseases. They just can't sense it. You wouldn't want to live a life free from pain. No more that you'd like to live a life free from hunger. You kind of want to be a little hungry, Thanksgiving just happen, sit down, crush some food, satisfying. To never have that feeling again. Man, wouldn't wish that about anybody. So we don't want you to live this or to expect even to have a pain free life after you leave this talk. Or Dr. Barackie's talk later on or after the Q&A. Rather, what we'd like to do, we'd like to do is to help the medical staff here to help you better understand what pain is, where it comes from. So it allows you to be to self-manage, to be self-sufficient. So you can figure out what to do to not only manage your own pain when you have it in data to life because you're going to have it. But also how to reduce the risk of having pain that interferes with your life. And also to pass the ACF to you. So let's move on. Let's talk about what low-back pain is specifically. I don't have to tell you guys where your low-back is. You guys all know where that is. But low-back pain itself is very, very common. Lifetime risk for this for adults is about 85%. So most people in here will have or have had low-back pain. And again, since we're on Army Base, you guys have almost double the risk of the Marines and you have the highest highest risk of all military ranges. Again, not sure why that is, but low-back pain is very, very common. 85% of all adults will have low-back pain in the life. In general, about 90% of this is called non-specific, where his diagnosis is non-specific low-back pain. And this isn't really a term that's used to, this is a term just for diagnostics, okay, to like code it medically. But it's not meant to minimize the experience of the person. So say, oh, it's just non-specific and brush it off. Rather, appropriately refers to the fact that there isn't a singular specific cause for this pain. It's not due to a herniated disc. It's not due to a torn ligament or other anatomical issue. It's just non-specific. Pain that in this case, in the vast majority of all low-back pain is not due to any specific underlying cause, no specific pain generator. The idea that it is due to something. I got to find that one thing that pain generator is an oversimplification of the pain experience we talked about this earlier. It's not just one thing. There are multiple inputs. We, the fancy way of talking about this oversimplification is by calling it the bio-medical model of disease. It's a fancy way of saying that a symptom, low-back pain in this case, has a single underlying cause. And the thought process behind that is that fixing or removing the underlying cause would fix the problem. Remove the pain in this case. Well, the sounds logical in theory. It doesn't really work and can actually make the person's pain get worse, lasts longer and re-accommer often. And I'll explain that. So again, most low-back pain is not due to an anatomical cause in isolation. So I know you're thinking, you're like, what about herniated discs or disc problems? So did herniated discs account for maybe about 2% to 5% of all low-back pain? 2% to 5%. Not a high percentage shot there. So you're like, it's my disc, it's probably not. Based on statistics. Many of the common things in fact, that are said to cause low-back pain are commonly found in folks with no symptoms at all. We call them asymptomatic individuals because they have no symptoms. So for example, a bulging disc or herniated disc is found in about 50% to 70% of individuals with no back pain symptoms aged 40 to 49. 50 to 70% of them will have at least one bulging or herniated disc on some sort of medical imaging, like an MRI. And they have no symptoms. The joints that connect adjacent vertebra are called the fescent joints. And sometimes if you get imaging, like an x-ray or an MRI or a CT, you might see in there some wording that says, oh degenerative fescent joint. This occurs about 30% of asymptomatic 50 year olds. As people get older, the percentage goes up higher and higher. And these things, herniated discs, bulging discs, degenerative fescent joints, all these sort of things are not reliably found in people with low back pain, which is why we use the diagnosis non-specific low back pain. It's not specific to any one thing. Certainly not just an anatomical thing. Side note, just here. Using the word degenerative suggests there's something wrong or defective about the structure or first two. So if we're talking about degenerative fescent joint, oh there's something wrong. This is bad. What's been put forth instead of using the term degenerative is to use the term age related, which is true. If we see more and more of this degenerative fescent joint finding on stuff like x-rays, as people age, it's really age related, especially if it's generally found in asymptomatic individuals and doesn't really correlate well to pain. Imagine if you went to the doctor and you had wrinkles and they called this degenerative skin disease. All right, went to the doctor and he said, hey, what's going on up here, if I can bomb? I guess it's degenerative hair disease. Like, you know what I'm going to tell you. The problem when you are talking about pain, however, is if you tell somebody that they have a degenerative disease of a joint or structure, you've told them, hey, this is fragile. This deserves extra attention, extra care. But also I need you to go exercise. Oh, by the way, there's this new ACFT that you're going to have to do in you have degenerative disc disease or degenerative fescent disease. You're like, well, doc, that doesn't make sense. You just told me that I'm fragile that these structures deserve extra attention, that I'm not whole and now you want me to go stress these structures to go train. That doesn't make sense. So as providers, we try to not use those terms and use either age related or other non-medical terms where people don't build these harmful, potential narratives. You guys can do these, you can use similar sort of strategies amongst yourselves, telling somebody or thinking that you have a degenerative disc disease is not an accurate way to think about it. It's just age related and it's unlikely to be the source of your pain. For example, if you've been diagnosed with that, also kind of frees you from thinking, well, I've got this degenerative disc disease and so I can't do anything about it because it's degenerative. I'm fragile. We would prefer that you think that yourself's sufficient. You're resilient. I mean, there's all these motivational posters up here too, right? So, so, talk about what pain is, what low-back pain is, what it's not. We haven't really talked about the actual causes of low-back pain, right? What's the magic bullet here? What are the causes for the majority of low-back pain? It should be clear by now that there is no one specific cause for low-back pain. Again, very common diagnosis, 85% of the world adults are going to have low-back pain sometime in their life. 90% of it is non-specific. There's no one cause for this. It's not anatomical. There's no pain generator. Rather, there are many different factors that produce this pain experience. There, because there are biological, psychological, and social inputs into this pain experience for low-back pain, we call this the biocyte social model. That's the kind of next step up from the biomedical model. And this is the current view of pain in the medical role. So, from a biological standpoint, we're going through all of these. From a biological standpoint, the workload that an individual is exposed to plays role, such as the amount of exercise or occupational activity that they have to deal with. If you have a person who's never rocked, never lifted, never done any sort of training before at all. They come to basic training and get thrown into all of this. They now their exercise and their lifting weights in the gym. They're doing PT and they're doing a bunch of extra activity. That is a new challenge for them that they have not adequately prepared for. Might they experience pain? Maybe, effectively, they're not prepared for their orders that they've been given. So, how would we reduce the risk of them developing pain from this mismatch? Well, we would have started training earlier. We would have exposed that person earlier and gradually increased the stress over time. One thing that can generate pain is having this sort of training load or workload mismatch between what somebody is prepared to do and what they are asked to do. So, that can be problematic. This is huge problem in the United States. Also, as 80 percent of the United States does not actually meet the current exercise guidelines, which does involve twice weekly resistance training. Just to show it hands, you guys don't look around. So, we're not using shame here. How many people actually lift weights twice a week or more? Oh, this is good. I'm so happy. Those of you who didn't raise your hand, you know, just saying. So, get a good in there and lift some weights. From a psychological and from psychological and social standpoint, we also have a very big problem. There are learned threats from family members or close friends who have had low back pain or who have had medical providers tell them like, hey, one thing that can cause low back pain would be a herniated disc or degenerative facet joint, or something else. And so, the first time that you experience low back pain, that person that close friend or family member says, oh, it's called your disc. Like, well, I wasn't even thinking about that it was related to my disc before, but now I am. This is a whole, this is a social phenomena. It particularly united states. We're we're thinking there's something boom anatomical that's causing this low back pain and it's been handed down. It's in all of the occupational safety data stuff, right? You see a person trying to lift a box off the ground one way, they're bent over, they're using their back and that's dangerous, right? There's like pain like cartoon pain graphics there and they're, oh, lift with your legs. Don't stress your back. Your back is fragile. If you're on social media, you can see people pretending to lift with a rounded back and then a mushroom cloud appears over their back. These are harmful narratives and they're pervasive. They see it into our subconscious as a society where we think our backs are very fragile. We can damage them very easily. We need to be careful. We only get one spine. With all this in my what should we do? Well, the first thing is good news, even though low back pain super common, right, 8% of adults are going to have it. The most of these cases resolve on their own about four to six weeks. Four to six weeks, most of them resolve on their own. I understand that the experience, particularly the first few days of having low back pain, you think this is the worst thing I've ever experienced, it's never going to end. I've been there. However, that sort of catastrophic thinking actually makes it worse. If you know now, you've been inculcated that it's going to end in four to six weeks on average, you're already set up for more success than you were before walking into this presentation. Here's the other thing. I know what you're saying. I know what you're thinking. You're like, all right, I get it. You're saying it pains all this touchy feeling emotional stuff. But what if it is a good disk issue? What if I legitimately herniated a disk? I was doing the new ACFT, the Trap Bar Deadlift test and I've herniated a disk at shot across the room. What now, Dr? Good news is, even if it was a disk issue, which again, is only responsible for about two to five percent of low back pain. Most disk issues tend to resolve spontaneously on their own, meaning the herniation regresses on its own. The worst the herniation is the higher percentage chance that it's going to resolve on its own. So it's called disk sequestration, it's a part of the fragment that's actually been ejected from the disk. It's floating around on its own as a 96% chance, 96% chance of spontaneously regressing on its own. Without you doing anything other than like living. Good news, right? So let's talk about some other things that people commonly ask for because they think it's going to make them better. People say, Doc, look, got this pain. I need an x-ray. Need to make sure it's not something serious. Well, the first thing is imaging doesn't show pain. It only shows bony things if we're talking about x-rays or additional non-bony things if we're talking about advanced imaging like MRIs and CTs. So it doesn't show pain. The current recommendations are not actually getting x-ray until after six weeks. Unless there's a suspicion of something more serious like a cancer or an infection. Handful of other things, thick that you can, the doctor will be able to pick up on exam, which makes sense. So that six week mark, again, most people's low-back pain should have resolved four to six weeks. All right, so after that, then you might be thinking, if you're the medical provider, hey, maybe I missed something. X-ray at that point might be something to do. The reason why we don't do it in the first six weeks, one, it doesn't change what we do. Getting an x-ray doesn't say, ooh, you need to do exactly this. Doesn't show pain. You might find something that's incidental that's completely normal, just a normal variation of anatomy. But subjects of person to an more extensive work up, like getting an MRI or getting a CT. Those who get an MRI for low-back pain tend to do the same as those who don't, or even worse, in some cases, it's more incidents of disability. Also, MRI doesn't actually do a great job at finding issues. When you have different radiologists looking at the same images, they'll find different things and not tend to disagree with each other about what they actually find because we're humans, and we do that. So a favorite study, and I was really trying to not quote any single study in this particular lecture, but this is my favorite study. They sent this little lady to 10 different radiologists, MRI centers, each other own different radiologists. It's the same spine, they're taking a picture of the same spine, and these radiologists, the all similar levels of training are interpreting this, and they didn't agree on any one single finding. There were 50 different findings that they reported across these 10 different MRI centers. They didn't not one single one was repeated across all 10, and they found a ton of false positives, meaning they identified stuff that wasn't there. I know what we're thinking that MRI is a school standard, we need it, it's going to help us, but in the case of low-back pain, probably not. The common thread is that the military doesn't want to spend the money. The tight ones. It just really doesn't help in this case, and my experience with military medicine, I did two rotations at Navy Portsmouth Hospital, a psychrotation and emergency medicine, rotation. They tend to spend more money on medicine. They're like, ap, it's the military, they'll pay for this, order all the tests. Thing is it just doesn't really help, and it may in fact hurt you here. So think about it, if you have low-back pain as an adult, just started a week ago, you finally go to see the doctor because you're worried, which is fine, this is normal. And they say, you know what, let's get an MRI. Get an MRI and it shows three herniated discs, which you didn't know that you heard had before. If you hadn't come to this presentation, you might be thinking, boom, there it is. Not the song, which is won't, there it is. This is boom, there it is. Three herniated discs. That's what's caused my pain. I will be in pain until these discs reabsorb, or until I have surgery, or until these discs spontaneously regress, which is not the case. Again, many asymptomatic individuals, 50 to 70 percent of those ages 40 to 49, will have herniated disc on MRI and be asymptomatic. I know this because during my medical residency, I got an MRI and it showed three herniated discs and I didn't even have back pain. That's not why I got the MRI. Anyway, yeah, that was a traumatic experience. I still tried to think about it anymore. So advanced imaging, we probably wouldn't recommend. We probably wouldn't push forward. Hopefully you guys are on board with that. Next thing people say, all right, what about meds? Doc, no imaging? You work for big pharma. What meds should I take? Unfortunately, we don't have a lot of good solutions here from a medication standpoint. So over the counter medications like Tylenol and ibuprofen have either no evidence that they help. In low back pain, for Tylenol, does not help, would not recommend or very little benefit. ibuprofen would not recommend. And that's again, people, it kind of makes sense because back pain, particularly the majority of this back pain that people experienced, is not inflammatory. So people say, yeah, but I take ibuprofen when I have low back pain or a little back tweak, it makes me feel better. Why? It's like, well, it's hard to separate out the placebo effect from what's really happening. You're taking a medication. There's a ritual there. There's an expectation that you're going to get better. And so you feel a little better sometimes. That being said, when it's actually widely studied, not a lot of good evidence there. Same thing, prescription medications like steroids, like doc, I want an injection, or I want to take a prednisone. I took that once, maybe feel great. No really good evidence that this actually have any benefit here. Opioids, very little benefit in chronic low back pain. So last thing, more than six weeks, but harmful in long term. You guys have been keeping up with the news. You know that to be the case. So this should all make sense to you that just taking a medication probably doesn't do a great job in addressing low back pain due to the multifactorial nature of the pain experience. If it was just a biological cause, then sure, maybe medications would be more efficacious. They'd work better. But because there are biological, psychological, social, environmental inputs all to this sort of pain experience, it makes sense that medications not a magic bullet. Okay. Similarly, if we're looking for this one cause of pain, the pain generator, we're going to be on a wild goose hunt. And we may miss a tribute to the pain experience to a twud, which is a time wasted on useless detail. We might look at imaging and say, oh, I have the set joint degeneration. That's what's causing this. And until I get that fixed, I'll never be whole. I'll never not have low back pain. Could hold you back in a long term. Okay. So since there are biological and psychological inputs that drive this pain experience, those are the targets we should actually address. So let's talk about those. Biological, let's talk about exercise. So I started this earlier on saying that one of the reasons why people, one of the biological causes where people can have this most common type of low back pain is when the training stress or work low outstrips what somebody has prepared for. It's increases too quickly and too much. So preparing for the demands via training that gradually increases over time is how we would address this. So we would start people with something that they can tolerate today right now. And then gradually increase that stress over time. I know this is just shocking. But this is also how we would start treating this type of low back pain. So let's say somebody tried the new trap-bar deadlift test. And they said that they had back pain after that. That's a traumatic experience. They know they have to do this test to keep their job. Okay. And they did it once and then they had back pain afterwards. So like, look, I did the deadlift and then now my back hurts. And now you're telling me how to do it again anyway. So what we do in that situation were one, one biological cause for somebody who had back pain after that is if they've never deadlifted before. And now you put them into a competitive or testing situation. It's probably not the best way to do it. What we would rather have them do is be exposed to it under less challenging less challenging situation and gradually work them up to the test they're going to have to do. That's training over a longer period of time. That might mean starting with just the empty bar. In this case, after somebody already has pain, what we want to do is desensitize them. We want to reduce the threat. So they even see the trap bar. They say, look, no, I can't. They have PTSD. What I'd love to get them to do is do a trap bar deadlift from a reduced range of motion, maybe from a higher platform, right? Or if they were previously doing it with weight on the bar, do it with just the empty bar. Something where they could do the movement as close as possible to the movement that they're going to be asked to do, but that they're able to tolerate. We're going to try to desensitize them, reduce the threat, reduce the fear around that. Now, if they won't do it at all, we'll do something else. That's similar. We'll gradually have to move farther and farther away from what they need to prepare for, but we'd like to do what we'd like to do ideally is if somebody said, look, I hurt my back in the trap bar deadlift, what do you recommend I do? I think you should do the trap bar deadlift again. But at a more manageable load, whether that's total weight, total reps, sets, et cetera, the whole training load needs to be appropriate for what you can handle right now. And that got to be has to be gradually built up over time. Getting stronger over time is going to help the individual or you to be more tolerant of different stresses, particularly those around physical activity. It also helps build self-efficacy. If someone comes into me and says, I've back pain, I did it while I was doing the trap bar deadlift, for my new on-the-fysical fitness test. What do you recommend that I do? I say, look, I think you know, I'd ask them, what was your previous exercise history? And get that information and I'd say, I think you need to do the trap bar deadlift, in addition to these other exercises to get you fit fit for duty. And here's how I would do that. And you need to be in charge of this. Get the process of going through this sort of training-based rehabilitation build self-efficacy. You're the one who's responsible to get better. You don't need to come see me multiple times a week for an adjustment, for a massage, for a pep talk. Rather, I want to give you the power to manage this on your own. The last part of this with respect to exercise is a term we call auto-regulation, which is a fancy way of saying adjusting things based on the amount of resources that you have. So imagine a situation where you're super, you're sleep deprived, or you're really sad, or really upset, or you're really hungry, or something that ultimately puts you not at your best. Relationships stress, occupational stress, something like that. And it's really bad. And you're not able to perform up to your best. You're not able to tolerate as much training stress as you would when everything's going your way. So our recommendation would be instead of just pushing through it because pain don't hurt and pain is weakness leaving the body is to have a sort of stop gap in place where you don't end up pushing too far too quickly. So easy ways to do this. Most of your training sessions that you're doing at the gym, because all of you are now going to be engaging in your resistance training. Most of your training sessions, if you were going to rate how hard they were, how fatigued you were at the end of the training session, should be about six to eight on a scale of one to ten. If at the end of every training session you're like that was a ten, I've never been more tired than this after exercise. This is it. That's probably too much for you. It's probably too much. On the other hand, if it's a two, you're like, I'm fine. It's probably not enough to encourage change. Six to eight's kind of that sweet spot. So during periods of high stress right from whatever reason, keeping it in that ballpark is going to kind of keep you safe from a training perspective. Your unlike you're not going to be able to ideally push yourself into that, hey, I did too much for the available for what I was prepared for. So that's from an exercise standpoint, what should we do? From a psychosocial standpoint, the first thing we can do, and what we're trying to do right now is education. But what pain is, why people have pain? There's no pain generator. We talked about that. Pain doesn't necessarily equal harm. Like harm to the tissue or tissue damage. If you know anybody who's been to war and maybe still has shrapnel in their body, that's the definition of tissue damage. And they may or may not have pain from that, for example. And during this educational period, we'd also like to give you tools so that you can self-manage, whether that's exercise advice, whether that's managing your training, whether that's new information about just straight up what doesn't cause pain, all of these things can be helpful. So that can be super useful. And then finally, from a social standpoint, I'd really like to encourage all of us, everybody in this room, to watch our words and actions, what we say to each other and how we act towards each other with respect to pain. So if you happen to see a woman or a man fall off a pull-up structure onto the ground, get up and walk away just fine, just go on living your life. You don't need to go over and ask them if they have back pain now, tell them to sit down and then go on WebMD. They're probably going to be fine. If you have low back pain, we would highly encourage you to stay calm, to not catastrophize it and say, oh, this is probably something traumatic, because it's probably not. And then to try to talk yourself into self-managing. If you need a professional counsel, we'd like you to see a health care provider who's trained up on this stuff. And then when we're talking to friends about what causes pain. Somebody says, oh, yeah, it's my bad disk. That's what's causing the pain. If you feel comfortable talking to them about this stuff, you might try to engage in a conversation where you can provide them more information. If it's your Uber driver, maybe you say, oh, yeah, that's wild. And then don't say anything else. It's a long drive from here to bar still as I found out yesterday. All right. So let's wrap this up with some take-home messages. Take-home's here. Pain is an experience that we have in order to try to protect ourselves from our perceived threat. The threat is a combination of many different factors. It's not just one thing. Anything that increases that threat is going to increase, has the likelihood of increasing our pain. So whether that's fear, whether that's not knowing what's going on. All right. Or learned experience. All of those things can increase pain. Most well-back pain is not due to something serious like a fracture, mass, or infection. Most of it resolves in four to six weeks on its own. We covered, I think, in some pretty good detail that it's mostly not, it's most likely not related to some anatomical issue like a disc, the set joint or anything like that. To treat and reduce the risk of low back pain, we need to exercise and build tolerance and reduce sensitivity. Motion is lotion. So if you're having low back pain, the worst thing you can do is be sedentary, not exercise. The best thing you could do is try to do an exercise that's very similar to what you were doing when you got hurt. Tensual with reduced load. Potentially with the reduced range of motion. Potentially with an altered tempo. The idea is again, not to be scared of it and to desensitize you to to that exercise, to that motion. It's all about violation expectation in that instance, meaning that you expect yourself to have pain when you bend over, for example, if you hurt yourself deadlifting. Well, we'd like to prove to you that that's not always going to be the case. And if we can violate that expectation, we can put you on this path towards improving self-efficacy and you'd be able to self-manage this on your own. And then finally, ideally, you would all be part of a social change revolution to change the way that we all think and talk about back pain and society. Because we can't do this on our own. There's only two of us, but as we get to kind of spread this message to folks, the idea is that this becomes less and less of a problem. I thank you for your time, Luke and I now.