Hey everyone, welcome back to the Barbell Medicine YouTube channel where we bring modern medicine to strengthen conditioning and strength conditioning to modern medicine. I'm your host, Dr. Jordan Fyginbomb, and we are back. It has been a long time since uploaded to the video, but I moved. I went abroad for a whole month and have a lot of content for you guys that I want to share. In this video, we are going to recap my trip to London for the European Powerlifting Conference 2019. Alright, welcome back. If you're new to our channel, make sure you hit subscribe so you get updated with all the latest content that we put out. And if you're an OG, thank you for being patient for this latest upload. It's been a work in progress and again, getting moved and traveling all over the place is not made it easy to do so, but I have a lot of content that I'll be releasing over the next few weeks, including a bunch of training vlogs and I have a meet coming up. So it's going to be good. Now what I was originally going to do is just upload clips from the European Powerlifting Conference with some of the speakers and some recaps that I got with them after the conference was over. But for myself, I figured that I could actually do my presentation here in the studio under the control environment compared to the auditorium where the audio wasn't that great, the lighting wasn't that great. And to be honest, the footage we got from it, Jim Elliott was on the camera. What is up, is Jim Elliott specifically Jordan Faganbaum's presentation? Pretty cool, but also mostly the rebuttal that Jordan and Mike Israel had in the kale discussion was interesting because a lot of times you hear people's opinions about things with no response and I thought that actually really helped me think about things that I would otherwise just agree with on face value. By hearing someone else's opinion on that subject and honestly, you do just realize that everything's a little bit more nuanced than that. It's not bad, it just wasn't complete and what I'd rather do is try to give you guys my presentation on injury risk and risk reduction in powerlifting. So we'll put my PowerPoint up here and you guys can follow along. The links to all the studies that I cite in here will be in the description below and as well as some other ways that you can keep up with latest barbell medicine content. So let's start out here. So let's establish our objectives for this presentation. One, we want to define what an injury is. We want to characterize the injury risk in powerlifting, discuss strategies for injury risk reduction and discuss strategies for injury management. We're going to try to jam this in to about 20 minutes. I had an hour to present at the European Powerlifting Conference and there were some questions that kind of ate up some time. But if we can jam this into 20 minutes, I think that'll be good. And then you guys can hear from the rest of the speakers. So disclaimers, this is not medical advice. I am not your doctor. You should seek professional evaluation and we have a great pain rehab, consult service that we offer through barbell medicine. So I own that company. That's my conflict of interest. So the first part we should start with is what is an injury and the very beginning, why do these definitions even matter? How you define an injury determines its prevalence, meaning that when you try to study this in the research, if you change the definition, you can actually change the prevalence or how many injuries you see in a population. So prevalence is a scientific term for the number of active cases present in a population at a given time. So to highlight this, we'll look at a study from Bar at Al. They studied 176 volleyball players during the 2001 World Tour to the eight-week competition. They used two different definitions to try to compare the prevalence of injuries in this athletic population. So definition one, they used what's called a time loss definition for injury, which is any physical complaint that resulted in time loss from competition or training. Definition number two was based purely on physical symptoms. So any physical complaint of pain sustained by the player during a volleyball match or training irrespective of the need for medical attention or time loss from volleyball activities or training. So using definition one, which was the time loss definition, 23 injuries were reported in these 176 volleyball players over the eight weeks. The majority were mild and the only missed one to three days. Using definition number two, which was again, the physical symptoms irrespective of time loss or actual need for medical evaluation, there were 54 injuries. So over double the amount of injuries that were reported. However, 98% of women and 100% of men did not miss any play in time. Meaning that these people had physical complaints. However, they didn't actually need to change their training or their competition schedule. So the real question is, is that an injury? Is that a useful definition? What do we need to actually have criteria wise for something to be meaningfully called an injury? So to help guide us, I think if we go back into the history of where the word injury even comes from, that might actually help us determine where to go next. The word injuries actually derived from a 14th century Latin word injury, which breaks down into not right. So in meaning not and then juror meaning right or loss of not right. So the earliest history of this being written down or recorded probably goes to Homer. A Greek author in the 8th century BC book, The Iliad. He describes a crash of a humiloce of Corinth during a chariot race. And he says that he has Rexus of the skin, which is a discontinuity in the skin. The injuries also described in the book of Genesis in the Bible when Jacob's thigh was out of joint secondary to wrestling. However, it's interesting that neither then nor seemingly now do we have a unified definition for what an injury actually is. Because neither of those texts actually characterized what was being experienced by the individual. And thus the reader's left wanting more details was umilose in pain after being thrown from his chariot was Jacob able to walk it off after his thigh was out of place. Hard to say and again, we don't know that from either of those texts. And so it's just interesting that that's where it came from. We still didn't really have a good characterization of what it actually meant to have a quote unquote injury. So really from then until about 2006, we didn't have a unified definition for sports injury. So enter the first World Congress on Sports injury, which was held by FIFA in 2006. Basically they came up with different types of injuries that fell under the umbrella term of sports injuries. So there could be a physical complaint injury, which was any physical complaint sustained by a player resulting from a football match or football training irrespective of the need for medical attention or time loss from football activities. There was also a medical attention injury, which was any physical complaint requiring medical attention, a time loss injury, any physical complaint that resulted in time loss from training a competition. And then a non-fatal catastrophic injury. This was actually added a year later in 2007. This is a brain or spinal cord injury resulting in greater than 12 months of severe functional disability. So this was actually the first kind of consensus on this is what a sports injury is. However, this was just for the sport of soccer. And it hasn't been widely adopted in either the research literature or by other sports organizations. And so we still don't have this definition of. Here's what an injury is. Here are the criteria. And that really tends to influence the research. And unfortunately, it makes it harder to analyze and interpret these sorts of things. So we're going to get into it during this presentation and try to make sense of the data as it pertains to powerlifting. So unfortunately, these criteria have not been adopted by either the research or other sports organizations. And on the one hand, it's frustrating because that influences the actual research we have on injury prevalence in certain sports. On the other hand, it's kind of understandable because different sports are likely to have different injury criteria based on the needs of that sport. So for example, consider a gymnast and a figure skater suffer a wrist-sprayin during training. Does this constitute an injury in both athletes? Probably not the wrist-brayin only limits the gymnast likely whereas the same injury probably doesn't affect the figure skater. Although it might and in which case we could call that an injury. So just having these sort of physical complaints that maybe don't influence actual training or competition schedule, it'd be hard to say. And so you might need different criteria for each sport. Also perspective matters. And so it depends who you're asking what constitutes an injury. Are you asking the athlete? Are you asking the clinician or the coach? So actually this study was done by boiling at Al in 2018 where they interviewed athletes, coaches and physical therapists on what defines a sport injury. In general, athletes tend to focus on criteria specific to their own context. So a reduction in performance, having to change their plan, competition or training, stuff that immediately are directly affected them, conversely physical therapists tend to focus on things that they could find on physical exam. So weakness, instability, or pain. But not the change in training plan or competition schedule that seem to be more meaningful to the actual athlete. So the authors actually concluded that a sports injury should not be viewed as a health condition in itself, but should rather be viewed as an interaction between physical damage and contextual factors. So one of the hardest things I had to do for this presentation was actually created definition of injury. We propose a definition for injury that we're currently using in a prospective trial on about 500 individuals participating in powerlifting training. This is a headed up by Dr. Michael Ray and their collecting data right now. So the Barbell Medicine definition for injury is any complaint that causes a reduction in sports performance, secondary to training or competition. That's criteria one. Criteria number two is pain or discomfort as rated by the athlete and or objective neurological deficits that includes cognitive deficits as well that might occur from like a post-concussive syndrome or something like that that are experienced during or secondary to sports training and or competition. And in addition, any use of over the counter or prescribed anal gs to reduce pain or discomfort during training or competitive sport would also fit this criteria. And then finally criteria number three, training or competition schedule is modified significantly to reflect a changing goals or prioritized outcomes secondary to points one and two. In this case, the term modified refers to the alteration of single competition or at least one weeks worth of training. For example, I power lifter withdraws from a full power me due to knee pain and reduced performance in the squat and or deadlift and now focuses on a bench only meat. So that would qualify for the competition schedule being modified. So after these criteria have been set forth, we also wanted to classify sports injuries as and there's a variety. So what we did is we came up with different sort of time periods that reflects the severity of the injury based on our definition. So a minor injury one to 14 days is the duration, a moderate injury, 15 to 30 days and a serious injury greater than 30 days. And we picked these words carefully because language matters. Other classification systems and then in studies where they do actually define how they characterized an injury will say things like severe or catastrophic injuries for things that last longer than 30 days. And that may actually impair not only the current sort of symptoms that may make it worse and it may actually impair the rehab and recovery process. It should be noted that injuries are complex and it may be possible for an athlete to meet points one and three without point two, but this should necessarily negate a classification of a sports injury that person would still likely qualify. Even if they don't have a pain or discomfort or an objective neurological deficit although most of the time they likely will. So one should note that there's no requirement for tissue damage. And the best way to talk about this is actually by using an example so we'll use delayed onset muscle soreness which is known as doms. Using these criteria, routine delayed onset muscle soreness or doms would not be considered an injury. While doms can produce short-term reduction in performance as well as mild pain or discomfort, it does not typically require substantial prolong modification of the training or competition schedule unless it is very severe. In that case when doms is very severe, it would qualify as an injury but your regular soreness would not. One thing you'll notice about our definition of injury is that it's lacking any sort of requirement for tissue damage. That's because tissue damage doesn't reliably correlate to pain or dysfunction and so that's why we left it out and we'll go through this a little bit further. But before we do that, this is really one of the problems in the FIFA definition that was put forth in 2006. Each one of those items, each one of the types of injuries that they proposed, the categories was based around this sort of physical complaint like it's all biological or it's all tissue damage. But as we'll see that doesn't seem to be the case. So speaking of tissue damage, one problem with the finding injury is that there's no real distinction between disease and injury. Some scientists tend to hold the idea that injury describes damage to the body due to sudden energy changes, whereas a disease makes its presence known over longer periods of time. But this presents a number of problems with respect to injuries and pain that aren't reliably correlated to tissue damage, such as non-specific low back pain and some causes of tendonopathy, tendonopathy being an umbrella term that refers to tendon pain without specifying an underlying pathology. So we're going to make the case that tissue damage is not the same as pain. The biomedical understanding of pain is problematic. It inaccurately endorses a linear relationship between noxious stimuli and pain and is often dualist or reductionist. From a reductionist perspective, pain is often considered to be in the brain. The biocycossocial conceptualization of pain suggests biological, psychological and social factors all being integrated together at the brain, body and the environmental level. The person's experience of that integration. However, biology does not equal pain on its own. So let's go through some examples here. So for example, 21 major league baseball players received serial shoulder MRIs prior to each season for 10 years. All the pictures had some sort of tear or defect observed on MRI. 11 showed a rotator cuff tear. 9 showed an articular surface tear of the superspinatus tendon and 2 showed full thickness rotator cuff tears. Interestingly, all of the pictures were asymptomatic. They had no symptoms. Furthermore, those with evidence of a rotator cuff tear pitched over a thousand career anines were as those without evidence of a rotator cuff tear pitched less anines. About 729, this is from Lezniak 2013. The authors actually said there are no statistically significant findings between any single preseason MRI finding and subsequent time on the disabled list. A moving to a basketball, the reported prevalence of meniscal and articular cartilage abnormalities based on MRI findings are about 20 and 50 percent in asymptomatic, collegiate and professional basketball players respectively. So collegiate basketball players, about 20 percent, prevalence of meniscal and articular cartilage a damage on MRI whereas professional ball players is about 50 percent. They further reviewed MRIs on both knees of 14 NBA players who at the time of MRI demonstrated a normal physical exam meaning there were no deficiencies found on clinical exam. They had full range of motion, no joint swelling or tenderness, no ligamentes into stability, etc. All the players who had MRIs of their knees had at least one imaging abnormality. Only 3 knees total, 10 percent of the sample had no evidence of abnormality. Papas at al found a high prevalence of both patella and quadriceps tendon abnormalities in a review of 24 D1 college basketball players, a specifically 83 percent of women and 90 percent of men showed abnormal patella tendon findings. Additionally 75 percent of women and 90 percent of men showed abnormal quadriceps tendon findings. And again, I cannot stress this enough. All of these individuals we just talked about with all these imaging abnormalities were asymptomatic at the time of imaging asymptomatic. And so the reasons for this are numerous here are two potential ways to understand this. One, the tissue damage, quote unquote, may be adaptive. For example, when researchers compare the thickness of ACL and PCL which are ligaments in the knee in high level weight lifters versus sedentary controls, they found that weight lifters had much larger ACLs and PCLs. On average, weight lifters ACL were approximately 78 percent larger than those of their age match controls. Further, increasing the cross-sectional area, of those crucial ligaments, the ACL and the PCL could represent one way of reducing injury risk based on the current evidence of modifiable and non-modifiable risk factors for a knee injury. Another issue with just trying to connect tissue damage that's diagnosed via imaging is that this may not be reliably diagnosed to begin with. So MRIs, while useful in many cases, are probably not as reliable as the public and some doctors think. So this is one of my favorite studies by Herzog in 2016. They sent the 63-year-old woman with back pain and sciatica to 10 different MRI facilities each who had a different radiologist who generated a different report. The 10 different radiologists generated 49 different findings in total, 16 of which were unique and not a single finding was found in all 10 reports. On average, each radiologist made about a dozen errors, either false positives or false negatives. Again, we hold MRIs up to be this whole eGrail for diagnosing tissue damage, but it doesn't appear to be as reliable some of the time. And then, again, people can have MRI abnormalities and still compete at a very high level. So, again, imaging abnormalities might be an artifact of improper reading or improper interpretation based on the actual radiologist report or maybe adaptive or it might just be a twa at a time-wasted on useless detail. It might not mean anything with respect to injury or pain and that kind of comports with our more complex model, the biosecoces social model of forepain that you hear us talk about. So, much, so the TLDR is super hard to define an injury, but how we define an injury actually matters. So, again, it cannot be stated enough that tissue damage does not reliably correlate to pain. You can have observable defects or abnormalities on imaging and that not be tied to pain or dysfunction. And so, thinking of everything is just related to the biology or the anatomy, that's very reductionist and we don't want to do that. And so, by the same token, pain does not necessarily mean harm. With that in mind, imaging should always be interpreted in the clinical context. In other words, it's not a finding a lesson connects in some way to a person's case. Just going in to have an MRI to check things out is likely a bad idea because you can find a host of abnormalities that otherwise wouldn't cause you any sort of issue unless you knew about it. So, do you want to know? It depends. The clinical context is important. So, now that we have a better idea of what an injury actually is and the problems with defining injuries, and then also tissue damage, let's talk about injury risk in power lifting. But, present, we have about eight studies that look specifically at the injury risk in power lifting and I've linked them all in the description below. The range of findings is between one to four injuries per thousand participation hours or about one to two injuries per athlete per year. This is similar across all barbell sports such as weightlifting and crossfit. The other hand, bodybuilding is slightly lower and strongman and highland games are slightly higher, although admittedly there are very few studies looking at strongman and highland games, athletes, injury rates. So, while the rate actually seems to be pretty low for power lifting injuries, the prevalence or number of total cases in a population can actually be high depending on how you define it. So, there's a 2018 study by a strong back at Al, they did it on sub elite Swedish power lifters. They basically took the people who were just below that elite cutoff based on a Wilkes score and then gave them a survey, asked them about injuries and certain training and lifestyle habits. They found that 90 of 104 responders either had a current injury or an injury in the past 12 months. While the store is out to be about 3.9 injuries per thousand participation hours as far as a rate is concerned, the overall prevalence was quite high. However, this prevalence is significantly impacted by the definition that they use. In this study, they decided that an injury was defined as a condition of pain or impairment of bodily function that affected a power lifters training. For example, 73 individuals reported a current injury, but only 40 actually changed their training by reducing volume or intensity. Conversely, about 12 people decided to increase their emphasis on technique, seven emphasized their warm-up does this constitute a meaningful change for those that emphasize their technique or their warm-up? Probably not. Maybe the 40 individuals who reported changing their volume or intensity actually had an injury whereas the other folks probably not if they didn't actually have to modify their training meaningfully. Another interesting thing is that the symptoms tend to be relatively short-lived, the average duration of injury in this study and the other studies that actually report a duration is less than two weeks. So, it's not like you're building towards this catastrophic injury. You know, all this tissue damage has to build up and then boom, you blow up in your out for months that appears to be less than two weeks. So, again, the injury rates relatively low and comparable to other non-contact sports and then the duration of symptoms tends to be relatively low as well. Another problem with the study is that it was retrospective. It asked athletes to recall self-reporting injuries over the past year. Recall bias is super common in these types of studies as participants may not remember previous events or experiences accurately and they might emit details. Additionally, the accuracy and number of memories recalled may be influenced by the events and the experiences themselves, aka in this case, the injury. Finally, the validity of a recalling an injury and retrospective injury studies has been shown to be very low even when assessed by medical professionals. We prefer to do a prospective study, which is what we're actually doing on our current study. So, the question we have is, is powerlifting safe? It appears to be relatively safe. One of four injuries per thousand participation hours, which is similar to other non-contact sports. So, for example, a prospective study of injuries in about 300 elites, we just track and feel athletes show that they had an injury rate of about 3.57 injuries per thousand participation hours. Interestingly, walk in in cycling are not purely benign either. Walking, for instance, has an injury rate as high as 1.2 injuries per thousand participation hours. cycling on the other hand has an injury rate around 2 injuries per thousand participation hours. When you compare this to popular sports, context sports, like American football and wrestling, American football has got an injury rate of 9.6 injuries per thousand participation hours and wrestling has an injury rate of 5.7 injuries per thousand participation hours according to a study by Hootman at Allen 2007. Sports like soccer, rugby and cricket all have these massively inflated injury rates as well, 15 to 81 injuries per thousand participation hours. So, comparatively powerlifting is pretty safe. So, the question then becomes, is it worth the risk? And I think if we turn to Nietzsche and one of the greatest rappers of the early 2000s DMX, we can get some insight on this. Nietzsche is a German philosopher and former soccer player and he's known for this phrase, the man who's the soccer player, he's a bi-fi-mediate and the stuff. DMX also said in his 1998 hit single slip-in. So, if you find meaning in the suffering from powerlifting, it's worth it. Up next, let's discuss some strategies for injury risk reduction. So, intrinsic factors are things like gender, competitive standard, so are you elite, are you novice, bodyweight age, load lift, some of these things are modifiable, some of these things are non-modifiable. So, we'll talk about gender here. First, where differences were observed, women actually tend to have a slightly lower injury rate in barbell sports compared to men, 1.3 injuries per lifter per year, compared to 2.1 injuries per lifter per year, and this was in two separate studies. Higher rate of knee injuries than men, however, which actually comports with other existing data we have on knee injury incidents in women in sports, but that's for a whole another video because the risk factors there probably are not just related to their gender. Moving on, competitive So, two studies actually investigated this. They compared elite level, international level competitors to non-alite or national level weight lifters. Elite lifters actually had a lower injury rate, 3.6 injuries per thousand participation hours versus 5.8 injuries per thousand participation hours for the non-alite weight lifters. Another study by Rasky at our reported 2.6 injuries per thousand participation hours in the elite group and 2.9 injuries per thousand participation hours in the non-alite weight lifting group. So getting more advanced in sport doesn't appear to confer additional risk. In fact, it may be a protective and one of the mechanisms here might be just building up this tolerance to train and the adaptive changes in all of the tissues and metabolic systems and the sort of physiology of the lifter to tolerate the type of training needed to perform at that high level. As far as body weight is concerned, there's actually no data on power of senior weight lifting and body weight and how it correlates to injury risk. However, there was a single study that was performed on strong man athletes and reported that heavyweight athletes, those who were greater than 231 pounds or 105 kilos, had more injuries than lightweight competitors, those who weighed less than 105 kilos. Basically, the difference is very small, however. Zero point five injuries per thousand participation hours for the heavyweight lifters compared to 0.3 injuries per thousand participation hours for the lightweight lifters. With respect to age, again, there's no data on power lifting and weight lifting. There's a study on strong man athletes that reported fewer injuries and athletes over the age of 30 compared to those under the age of 30. But again, this difference is pretty small. So point three injuries in the people over the age of 30 per thousand participation hours compared to 0.5 injuries in those under the age of 30 per thousand participation hours. With respect to the load being lifted, it in power lifting strong back showed that hitting a personal best was weekly correlated with reporting a current injury and had an odds ratio of 1.02. Now, this is important. An odds ratio isn't as statistical measure used to determine how strongly two events are correlated to each other. So an odds ratio of one suggests that two events are independent of one another, whereas a number higher or lower than one suggests a positive or negative correlation respectively. The further the number is away from one, the stronger the correlation. Importantly, correlation cannot prove causation. So in this case, the odds ratio of 1.02 is extremely small, perhaps meaningless or even artifact increase in risk. So we don't really have data of suggesting that increased load and power lifting increases the risk. And finally, this 2017 meta-analysis by Kio at Al, which, again, a link to the description below, is a meta-analysis on 20 studies, on injuries and barbell sports concluded, in general, intrinsic factors have relatively little effect on the injury epidemiology of the weight training sports. Moving on to extrinsic factors. So there are some extrinsic factors that don't have any influence. So things like competition rules, training or competitive environment or any specific equipment, actually increase injury risk. We don't have any data suggesting that that exists. That being said, we do have some data suggesting that extrinsic factors like the acute on chronic workload, stress levels, training level, and strength levels all can correlate to injury risk. For instance, acute to chronic workload, the load refers to the internal load. Internal load is the relative physiological and psychological stress imposed by external load. Ergo, the volume intensity rest periods the overall work on the individual as interpreted through their individual characteristics, their genetics, their previous training status, their expectations, etc. So you have external load, which are, you know, all the parameters of your training, individuals characteristics, you add them together and you get the internal load and you can measure this with things like heart rate change, or things like RPE, a particular set, or a session RPE. And overall, internal workloads can be described as a measure of the perception of effort by the athletes themselves. So what's interesting here is that subjective metrics like RPE, session RPE, etc. correlate better with injury risk than external factors like intensity, volume, etc. For example, the acute chronic workload ratio considers the training load that the athlete has performed relative to the training load that he or she has been prepared for. In practice, this means that the workload assigned to a liftor should not be too much greater than what they are able to currently tolerate. So one way to measure this is to actually compare the current weeks training to the previous four weeks of training and just make sure that the increase isn't too great. That being said, it's hard to be confident about using a specific interval here like should it be this week compared to the previous four weeks, previous three weeks, previous two weeks probably needs to be adjusted for each sport. It's also hard to be confident in how some of the state actually applies to resistance training since it's still pretty new and we're kind of sucing out the details even in how to measure it. So the way that we're currently comparing workloads are by using session RPE and the duration of the session in minutes and we're comparing the average weekly values compared to the previous four weeks average. And just kind of seeing like, hey, what's the ratio between the acute workload to the chronic workload? That's rather complicated and I think one practical tool that you can take home is to start rating your session RPE. session RP, again, it's a scale going from one to ten, 10 being very very hard, one being very, very easy. If you note that most of your training sessions are RP 10, session RP 10, you're laying it all out there that probably portends a bad outcome. Some sessions may be very, very difficult but they all shouldn't be maximal all the time. Conversely, if they're very, very low, say less than five, that probably means that they're a little too easy for your given fitness level. And so therefore, may not be adding to the sort of training stress that's needed to drive for their adaptations. So again, it's important to make sure that the current level of training is reflective of your previous level of training and that you're not going up too quickly too soon because that's probably going to lead to a bad outcome. The next extrinsic factor that's meaningful is managing stress. And this is something we talk about all the time. So this is stress from work, school, interpersonal relationships, et cetera, all part of the individual characteristics that influence the internal load. So again, external load or all the objective values of the training session and then your individual characteristics sort of interpret that or filter it like an Instagram post and gives you the internal load. That's a result. And so we actually have some decent data here on this. So for example, a division one study on their collegiate athletes, they had a much higher risk of injury when academic stress was high than when it was low despite training and competition schedules being the same during both periods. And so one way that you can get around this is by having an auto regulated program where you're allowing for these day-to-day variations fluctuations or even week-to-week variations and fluctuations in your not only readiness to train, but also the resources you have for adapting to and tolerating that training. Speaking of training, becoming well-trained is a great way to reduce your injury risk. And we call this the training injury prevention paradox. This is a phenomena where athletes accustomed to high training loads tend to have fewer injuries that athletes training at a lower workload. This is also known as the workload injury paradox whereby higher chronic workload is protective against injury when acute workload is similar to that chronic workload. So training more and becoming more well-trained tends to reduce the risk of injury. So gradually increasing the training load over time so you can handle more workload tends to be a good idea to reduce the risk of injury. There's some evidence for this with respect to higher level lifters actually having a lower injury risk. We talked about that a few minutes ago. And the takeaway here is that when you actually again look at the higher level lifters, the elite level lifters, they're actually training at much higher volumes, much higher frequencies usually than newer lifters and yet their injury risk tends to either be the same or lower in these studies that we actually have inside it here. So what you would expect is that since they're participating in more and more training that they're actually at risk, higher risk for for injuries but in fact they're not in there. It appeared to be again sort of able to tolerate this increased level of training due to rashing up that workload over time becoming more well-trained. Probably one of the biggest extrinsic factors that we can actually modify here is getting stronger. Unfortunately, there's no data on powerlifting or barbell sports on actually like, oh, however strong you are correlates to your injury risk. But in other sports, there's clear data here. So for example, a study on 26,000 athletes showed that improving strength reduced sports injuries to less than one-third and overuse injuries could be reduced by half. Another study analyzing injury risk reduction from strength training showed a 10% increase in strength training volume reduced the risk of injury by more than 4% at points. Overall, this probably kind of falls or ties into that become well-trained category. As getting stronger over time requires more training and therefore the tolerance or being able to tolerate increased training load. One thing we can't leave out we're talking about barbell sports are accidents. So for instance, dropping weights on feet are fairly common, accidents in the weight room are common with actual increased risk in younger individuals who presented to the emergency department. Injuries were classified as accidental if it was caused by dropping a weight or improper equipment use. So in a sample of over 4,000 patients, a 77% of the injuries seen in the age group 8 to 13 were due to accidental injuries. So again, dropping a weight or improper equipment use were as 27 and a half percent of all weight room related injuries were accidental in the age group 22 to 30. So still significant, watch your toes, don't drop weights on your toes if you can avoid that. In addition to accidents, a catastrophic injuries do happen but they're relatively rare. And so you look at case reports to kind of see like, hey, what sort of things are happening? Is there any way to reduce the risk from these catastrophic injuries? And I don't think so outside of safety practices in the gym. So for example, there's one study that reported a clavicle fracture that occurred during the bench press. Somebody broke their collarbone during the bench press. Another case report where a guy had a simultaneous rotator cuff and biceps tendon tear during strong manic competition. I'm not sure that there's anything that you can do to reduce the risk there. Okay. And fortunately fatal accidents in the weight room are relatively rare. So again, only handful of case reports here. The first report I found was a nine-year-old boy had a 23 kilo barbell fallen his chest from the uprights on a bench support in the home. So I assume that there was a bench press in the home and there was an oddly specific yet non-standardized 23 kilo barbell just resting on the uprights and any event this bar came down landed on their chest. The kids chest and twirl hold on his right atrium did not survive that unfortunately. The second report, weight lifter who was using animal steroids, experienced sudden cardiac death, although the sudden cardiac death might have been due to an arrhythmia, due to a congenital defect in certain ion channels which can happen too. Overall, I'm not sure that we can actually reduce the risk of these types of events. So last part of my presentation was on injury management and I think that is best saved for another time because it's a pretty expansive topic. I'm already running long to begin with and I think that we have some more concise and accessible and easily digestible resources that I've linked in the description below. There's a great video with Dr. Bracky and a handful of our different articles that I think would be useful to plug in here. So overall that was my presentation at the 2019 European Powerlifting Conference. It sounds much better in here than it does in the auditorium so hopefully you guys enjoyed and now let's hear from some of the other presenters at the conference. You can get really the results because now that it is really exercising intensely and that's not going to be actually competitive. To defend that, you will really all sign slowly, which is no race ever, and no competition ever. Both at the moment, you can just split just slowly and then you can walk that takes like 30 seconds. So, I would want to characterize our riders and then sort of join the rest with best. So we know that the protein can have a significant impact on body opposition, especially for cutting, you know, exhibition, protein, also maintaining body mass. All right, raising the addition to supporting performance on to prevent fatigue, you know, that our ability to work in Passy is regularly in store-stored glyphogen levels. It also spare with room to ease. They allow that for the teams we used for cellophonal superpincynthesis rather than being working down on an enemy. Facial auto-operative, they help us support hormone production. Maybe it could taste good. And there are a few fantastic, also essential amino acids. So we do have to get those from the diet. So we're gonna, there are low, safe limits for all these nutrients. Now, a couple of high-finished meat, hence, have to take time with your own. You can make our own little close. You can give it any of your chances, but that's really not a factor of work requirements. Let's go on my name's Eric Helms. I am here at the EPC. I am a research fellow at the Gopton University of Technology, not strength conditioning at Ph.D. And also one of the co-founders in the Chief Science Officer of 3D muscle journey. I talked about sticking to agents in power lifts today. What causes them how we should be thinking about them and just realize that we're gonna have them regardless on one of the evidence of these strategies that we could use to address them. Okay, now, in serious note, I'm presenting on that sticky, sticky, if you put it in an air, as carbon, whatever, not sticky voice. What do we know? What are they? How we define them? What do they mean? And should we be doing anything about them? Who here is aware of the internal battle between specificity and an inviriation and an in the world of power with them? Less side, first of Shai-Ko, first of the Bulgarian system, and first of the Middle East, first of my teams, we put a K-D show up and we're very different, vice-chair-in, and how we're gonna do a more impressive role with her. Don't you know, it's 2019 Mathematics Science. It's a vicious, vicious, warm round, isn't it? So, this continued from an outside, as you're expected, if you're a computer power, you're not all looks to say, you guys are just doing variations, I'm better press-watching it, but that's kind of silly. But a lot of it is also driven by tradition, who's a pervert of Louis Sims. Does someone who, yes, you could lose you? Out! So, yeah, this is something that is present in all things that you can do. If we do things because other people do things, and then we feel it's appropriate to do those things, because we want to get excited, because smart people say we do it, or you're a good listener, or you're a good coach. We inherit a lot of ideas without actually knowing the idea, but many of the idea, I think it's kind of a good thing. Like, what I see is we go through phases and power of movements we consider good accessories for x-wanted, the real reason everyone was doing off-delessor and the names for a while, because not for these names, I get it because shekno, right? Or we need to pause to ask for a while, not because owning most right down the whole loss, like this whole heart of sense of, right? And if that's on what area you're in, we did the first type of, which because, there you go, right? So there are rationality, and these people didn't go to these for reasons, but the individuals you might be seeing do it done, or the people letting that out, often the reason has no more depth than I've heard of, which was a good accessory movement to do. So I want to take this movement beyond that. I want to explore the continuum of accessory movement, as in a little bit of a statement watch. And to do that, we have to have an understanding of what's taking points are, if they're, and what actually makes sense for a scientific biochemical perspective, to do about it. So, who will aspect as my talk, that I addressed to these main common practice, you'll see pauses in power of the thing, something that you'll see in various types of programming, that they have deadlifted the cause of the needs. This is often done as hyperlithin for the purpose of trying to get stronger than showing where you're weak. But if you think about it, if you are weak in a certain sticking region, do you actually want to be training yourself to reduce less force by stopping there? Probably not. However, you make it technical fault, just off the floor to the knee, where the barter of the leg is very common thing. It might make sense to have a fallen, as a sort of trait of partial range emotion, to actually chunk the movement from motor learning. So, that is probably a better approach, and I better use this method rather than thinking about it's the sticking region. I should actually pause there. What's the MMA fighter? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You can count on me, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like if Conner McGregor, like lifted weights, and like, with strong. Conner McGregor? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. All right, so this is Brett Gives, I have a world championship, multi-time I have, we'll champion Big Bencha, Bintcha, he was talking to me the other day about why Griffa's close grip of Benchpress for competition. Yeah, what do your thoughts? Well, I mean, there's always things that you should be in the sports field, what's from the field? Yeah, I guess we got talking about it. I mean, but the other day, I said, I didn't notice you were close to being, I guess, Junior, most people were up. Sure, yeah. I'm an off, and I had gone through that. And initially, I said what happened, I was sort of, you know, usual sort of, think you're on the ring. I guess a lot of people started around there. And then I took my pick. I mean, then it wasn't a full theory that was like, not just a small possibility, but I wasn't able to be inside that. And so, because you had that in the back, you might have said, we had to close grip for a while, and I got really, really strong at that close grip. And going out white, I was felt with and it wasn't as strong. So I trained like that for a long long time, so arms pretty much root for it. And eventually got the point where it was super, super hard to make progress. Like I got around around, around 180 to 195, which is still a great interest. And I was making those, obviously made them broken from around, you know, I put about 20 kilos on it, so it's like, for instance. But it's couldn't give past their corners, essentially. I knew that. If you look at most of the biggest benches, they're not super close, they're not going to start with their arms root cool. Or even two fingers outside of it, it's going to be least on the ring and water, right? So I knew that going out water, was going to have a higher strength, but tension on the fucking tendu to train while they've, you know, the next two or three years. Even if I take a hit now, like 10 kilos now, I can go out of the water, and it's going to result in a bigger benches, essentially. And what's your bench now? Which is exactly what happens. So the biggest benches I've actually done now is 220 kilos. I mean, I have, oh, I reckon I would have zero chance of being able to do that with the close grip. And I also think that it can, that can definitely, so that was obviously the recovery aspects, the variety, so the transference of exercise that you're going to have with, you know, with close grip being your competition, pressing movements. So it's again, transference and secondary loss, you know, water those exercises going to be, that's essentially. So you get a lot more variety, you get a lot more volume in when you're sort of somewhere in that sweet pedal, and then a wrench, just a walk, and you know, see that, you know? Hey guys, Dr. Mike Guitel from Renaissance Periodization. Our average foods are often the tastiest food in the world. They are foods, though, we'll sort of one at a time, which are very food. We've got a man, which are very food, cookies. Those are cars. Does anyone have a bigger food than just not have cars? Let's hear it in this first, say they hear it. I'm sure it's gone. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. This is a big amount of fat food anywhere. And there's about 2009, we're like, you put bacon and everything. It is cool to eat bacon, like you were a f***** apple. Like store-tubered black-bying, you cover up your bacon and you restaurant, and they're, yeah, it's not here. They're in the law office. They can eat bacon. No, anyone with friends? Not all the jokes are funny people. I'm actually laughing at my view. I'm not kidding. I didn't get it. I didn't watch all tasty foods at cars. I don't know why I'm doing it. So when somebody's restricted to car, a high-grade intake, because they have, look, many of us can issue with over-eat food they're super tasty. If you put out cars, I don't feel like I've ever tried this. She ain't even a car to do. Like someone's in a car that you're ghosting. All right, you did a f***** you leading one. Can't have car to do it. Okay. You're like, oh, I got bacon. Put it all in one line and crying while seeing it. You know what I mean? I'm gonna do that side and the car people and walk around with their dogs, made a nice thing, and they'll just like, f*****. I want cars. So if you lower your cars, you can potentially control your appetite from low enough intake, exposed to this super, super-suitable tasteiness. But if you're rich in car-powered intake, you can score a fat child of taking the right high foods, which we'll get into, it can be tough. It can be tough, which is my life, folks. Come to you, it's a beautiful life, our from all over, our, you have those medications. Do the cool, cool thing, more cars like you're in a row, when I think cars like low enough. And they go into some living to that, right? There's a living in that and short term, when they go off and just eat more cars in a team set, or a couple of days, they're also long term to the same team, these end-bremes, six, where I have, I'll start with you know. Those are the downside of car. They're not that. Right? A lot of works that's not a little picture, they're outside of cars, so let's say, a look at those, and see if we can get a little bit more clear. On a side, car or high rates, when you eat them, tend to cross against some of the creation of something, so it's nice. And it's so incredibly helpful, and also muscle growth. If definitely helps with muscle growth, because it is anti-charology, you can even break, and so on as wide as you can, I'm all getting to prevent some muscle loss considerably. If you look at that, one thing is metronautalysis, and the more spot they have there, it actually does have a significant to provide a lot of that all the effects. All of the studies around other people actually lift weights, or people who consume a lot of power at all time, and that probably has even bigger than it all the effects. If you look at the number of people that have ever done in enormous eating, no power to low power, so this is precisely eating zero people. And the artist people in the world get to order a lot of power of high rate, that's probably not the accent. So if you eat carbohydrates, you probably go to a muscle, which is a good thing, which is what we want. So that's good. Power from a normal muscle in other ways. A muscle pump has been implicated in how to get at least a part right because you're constantly not going to be feeding, five cells wide. So if you're able to get a constant power growly, it's a little bit more muscle, it's not just potential, but it's an important point. So if you eat more carbs, you get bigger pumps. You guys are running in charge for a while, you eat carbs, you go to a gym, like I made of things, and either, and just go in the gym, just get in, I know that's good at carbs, so just have a lot of it. So when you eat carbs, you get a bigger pumps, and then you get a bigger pumps, you probably go to a muscle, that's really good thing. There it is. When you pack it up, you muscle cells by which your cell detects how much glyphogen you are storing, and if you're storing lots of it, it's sort of gives you all clear muscle, what's the best pathways you can go? If you're storing very little glyphogen, but either the body is less inclined to let you grow muscle, it's not a one or zero relationship, it's not under warm, it's probably a sort of scale relationship where if your glyphogen is mostly your fully loving, you are really, really potentially hypertrophy and getting to muscle milk, if you are significantly a loss of glyphogen, muscle milk is much harder, right? So you can probably be under in carbohydrates and you will get some more occasional times where glyphogen is not really highly stored, you're basically got a muscle growth. And then, similarly, the take on tip is, you don't need to go crazy, you get super in depth of the numbers, but as long as you're eating enough carbohydrates, you're supporting your training, and you don't feel like you're super deprived of glycogen, if you feel like you're getting decent, up to the gym, and you feel like your energy levels are good, then you are probably getting enough carbs, and if you wanna push the carb level up the past, that's probably not a ton of advantage. So there's a lot of preference there, just don't go super crazy low in the carbs, and eat enough fats and protein, you can have tons of carbs, you'd be super successful, and you're vast, and then people love you, and you finally have happiness. My guilt about what a massage year's situation. N 2017 Hey, I'm Magto share with zero. Three active trainers. mantis And have to be that ambitions will be what's going league. That would be important if you want to know maybe for example the recovery plan of a certain living intervention then you would want to know how much stress that's in part of the organism not necessarily how much volume is. As close as working. Let's work and start here. Let me go back. Let's see where you guys must have the subtle a week. I would say that's kind of the question that I started out with is what is it that I'm trying to understand when we talk about volume? This volume telling me, this volume answering the question that's bouncing around my head. The question is something about how difficult is this protocol? How difficult is it to complete and how difficult will it be to recover from in a sense of returning to a normal ability to execute the next workout? Recovery is one of these difficult things to define. I think we from a pragmatic standpoint we kind of know what recovery feels like. I'm going to leave it at that for now. I think we get into maybe a rigorous definition of what that's all about. I'd rather focus on some of those things. I think volume is pretty obviously insufficient to answer that question. As an example here, if you imagine that you have a more than 100 kilos and we give you two different protocols. The third of the results is three sets of 12 reps of 60 kilos. That's going to be basically three 12 reps. The Eugene Lates 21, 2100 kilos of volume versus three sets of three reps of 90 kilos. Three are in sets is a little bit more than a third of volume. What impact those two workouts have? Just three sets of three are in demand about the third of the resources. No one does the same right? Conversely, what if we try to equate for volume? In terms of ton of share, you can say three sets of 12 reps again, three 12 arm sets. How many three are in sets? What do you need to do? If you're not following, you have to do eight three arm sets. If you imagine doing an agenda in the squad of three 12 arm sets versus eight three arm sets, it doesn't seem like an equal amount of work. It doesn't seem like this is telling me what I want to know about the difficulty of the resource demand of the training that I'm doing. This is really important because one of everyone's favorite questions to ask is how does that surprise should I do? I think it turns out that the answer of how much stress is given protocol and partying on a letter that turns out to be a pretty important information and answering that question. You can also count on your card sets. On the Greg's website, there was an article. I think I'm a falsely attributing this agreement with the best of it. In Greg's article, I'm a type of fee risk range. I'm asking about counting on your card sets. I remember when I read that, I was like, man, that's good. That might get it, right? In any dozen of large part, if you take our two protocol, we can increase that of 12 reps, 3 12 arm sets. Well, that's three words and sets, three heart sets, there's just three heart sets, that's also three heart sets. It makes a big more sense that those are similar demand on resources, energy during the session, and after the session. I don't mean that to say energy in terms of caloric expenditure, I'm talking about energy in terms of cognitive emotional energy, how long will you take you to feel normal again after that session? How long does it take the strongest to go away? How long will it take any sort of joint stiffness to go away? It seems like number of heart sets gets closer to that. But then we don't always do 10 RPE sets. We don't always take every set to failure. So we're about three singles and 90 kilos. Those will be singles that are 7 and a half, 8 RPE, somewhere in there. How do those compare to three heart sets? What about three doubles, 85 kilos or 12 singles and 80 kilos? How do they do those things compared to it? The individual singles and 80 kilos, if you're more or less 100 kilos, a single 80 is going to be quite easy. Should that count as zero? That doesn't seem right. So what fraction of a heart set should that count as? I started asking myself, where do I think from a practitioner standpoint that, the stress from training comes from? What I came up with is that it comes from primarily from muscle damage or tissue damage, more waterflates, but some sort of busy logical change as an adult of the training status and psychological fatigue? Rather than trying to spend a lot of time calculating tonnage and all that stuff, focus more on number of heart sets, something like that, just keep in mind that easy sets don't count as zero, but heart sets definitely count as more than that. Thank you so much for tuning into the Barbell Medicine YouTube channel. I apologize for the delay, but we are back. Hit subscribe so you can stay up to date with all the latest content. Leave us a comment below, hit the thumbs up. If you're into that sort of thing, I'll see you guys next time. Later. I just want to talk about your calf for a second. No, I don't like pictures, I still hear your soul. It's not a picture, it's a video, it's better. Every frame steals a piece of your soul. So, here's some knowledge, but let's go. There's two parts of your body that it's socially acceptable to regularly display. Look, that's your four arms and calves. So, regardless of which other training goals are, if you are training your four arms and calves, like honestly, what's the point? You're always on display. Yeah. You always train. Yeah. Because, you know. I do try to time it, but yeah, we're going to do nothing. What's your name? How do you say the ball gets full of it? Oh, it's real ball gets full of it. It's real ball. Yeah. You're falling. Yeah? That nail? Yeah. All right, that left where we're at. That's where we're at. California. California. We're here at your five square. Hmm. Apparently, you're telling me this big thing. Over there, yeah. Look, guys. Came all the way to the left. We'll head to the do of this conference. I wanted to see Big Band again with a real take a picture of it. And it's underlocking key. I guess I just got to come back to you. But yeah, so this is Big Band. You're not missing anything today. Maybe next year.