How are lipid panels affected by dieting? So in general, let's talk about after you've lost weight, right? So you've dieted and lost weight and then we'll talk about what happens while you're actively dieted. After you lost weight, usually a 5 to 10% weight loss produces a about 10 to 15% reduction in LDL and maybe a little bit greater reduction in triglycerides, which can be useful. Particularly if you were carrying too much body fat before. If you lose more weight, you can see a greater decrease in those numbers, right? So if you lost 20% body weight, you may see a given greater decrease in your LDL and your triglycerides. And in general, HDL tends to stay the same. If you start exercise at the same time, HDL may even increase overall good. Now the nuance here is that if you were a candidate for statins prior to losing weight, meaning that your 10-year risk of having a bad outcome. So you were a 10-year risk of having a heart attack or stroke or something like that was high and you were a good candidate for statins. The treatment goal for LDL reduction is 50%. 50. Reduce your LDL by 50%. And so if the average amount of LDL reduction you can expect by reducing your body weight 5 to 10%, which is a pretty substantial weight loss, right? Is 10 to 15%. You're not getting there. You're less than 3 times less than the sort of that minimum threshold. So it doesn't mean that you shouldn't even try to lose weight, just take the statins, forpig pharma. Now what I'm saying is just that we should not avoid medications when they provide clear benefit. And it doesn't mean that the person maybe necessarily needs to be on a statin forever. It's just to reduce that risk, substantially going forward. Maybe that's the initial movement. What happens to the lipid panel while you're actually dieting. You can think about this as the body fat. You're actually liberating a lot of stored fat into the bloodstream and you're using it for fuel. And so a blood test, particularly a cholesterol test, is a snapshot in time of how much fat is in your blood, how much fat is being carried around by certain proteins in your blood. And so let's say then you stick the needle in the vein, pull out the blood. Oh crap, there's way more fat in your blood at this particular time. It's like, well yeah, it's on its way to the muscle tissue to be oxidized for fuel, for example. And so you see that all the time that people, their triglyceride levels will be significantly elevated while they're losing weight. Sometimes even their LDL will be elevated while they're losing weight. It usually doesn't happen after you've lost weight and you're weight has plateaued, but certainly during weight loss. So the recommendation for lipid panel intervals is about, is every six months, I believe, after you've initiated it, all of those some clinicians will do three month intervals. I, when I was actively seeing patients and somebody was trying to lose weight and for lifestyle, we were trying to lifestyle recommendations initially. I would effectively try to schedule that second lipid test till after a period of time, we were given that a lose weight and then maintain it. Meaning that if it's going to take you more than three months to kind of lose the weight, I would extend the interval time so that you are weight neutral, maintaining your weight, your new lower weight before I tested. Got another lipid test. Yeah, I don't think there's a great reason to check lipid panel super frequently. I mean, I, I, I, I, I, I definitely, every three months is, is I think too frequent to be super useful. I would just not check blood tests while you are actively aggressively trying to lose weight and then check things, you know, like that after things have stabilized. So, good.