What strategies do you use in your approach to correcting misinformation or misunderstanding in various settings? Uh, wow. Okay. So what strategy? We'll start with the first one and then, uh, yeah. So other than holding Barbell Medicine seminars and all the information that has already been disseminated through Barbell Medicine, of course. Let me tell you a story. It's no stories about my life. I previously, uh, particularly early on at Barbell Medicine, I thought it was my job to police the internet to make sure that no BS was being written anywhere, that could potentially harm anyone and I needed to correct everybody. That's a fool's errand because not only can you never get anywhere close to all of it, you're not actually changing anyone's mind. I still do this from time to time because I'm not very smart. I told you my GPA earlier, so you guys should be well aware of like my ability to like learn things. So not high. So I still do this at times because either I am a glutton for punishment or just again, not smart, I learn a lesson. But one thing I realized is that, uh, more productive use of my time, our time is to actually just create more information. So effectively, like, if somebody's saying something silly on the internet, like, I can't stop them from saying that and me directly challenging them is unlikely to work out in my favor. But if I write an article about that particular thing or make like a long, you know, series, like a tutorial or like an Instagram story, you know, rant thing, that'll reach way more people, help more people, whatever. I particularly like writing stuff or making a YouTube video or whatever, it's stuff that doesn't disappear on as long lasting content. It tends to be good because a lot of people are going to see it. Then it's there. I can refer people to it and then allows me to really flesh out my ideas. The cool thing is, uh, if I can find some common ground with that person who I originally disagreed with, uh, on occasion, you can sort of strike up a conversation based on that. Uh, it's rare, but it has happened before where I end up agreeing with people that I've initially been like, oh, no. This makes me angry because you're wrong. But uh, it's possible. So my recommendation is for like how to go about this is not correcting people that writing reflex, uh, can occur. Uh, I do think in professional settings, it's a little different because usually if you come in guns ablazing with a bunch of evidence that you're willing to just give people and say, hey, if you have some time, check this out, read it, particularly if they're guidelines or like, you know, bulletins or whatever, those tend to be like, oh, shoot, I didn't actually know this. Um, so I think you can do that in professional settings, but in more social settings or like on social media or amongst friends, I probably just wouldn't do that and I'd focus on putting that creating original content that would be my take. Yeah, I agree. The context matters a whole lot here. And so within the public sphere, the social media sphere, things like that, I'll go ahead and say, I'm a smarter than Jordan. And that I just don't do it. I don't care to engage with with people or argue people with people or try to go out and correct misinformation. Um, I'm happy to just hear my recommendations. Here's why these are my recommendations and you people out there are free to take them or not. And that's kind of your decision. And so I actually take a similar approach with patients even because sometimes clinicians, doctors, healthcare professionals, um, can get really, really, really, really overly invested in like paternalistic and like feel excessively responsible for this stuff. And assuming that I have discussed with somebody and feel like I've gotten them adequately educated and I can, and I know that I've gotten through to them and my message is clear and been understood if they choose to pursue a different route with things, then fine. I feel like I've done my job. Um, whereas sometimes people might take offense to it. If somebody doesn't follow their advice or they might really beat themselves up or get to, you don't work up about it. Um, I see this more often when when patients say they want to leave the hospital during the course of my treatment and then I go and I educate them about why I'm recommending maybe they stay and if, if I have more work to do or whatever and if they say no, I'm, I'm leaving then okay, you know, I can't really beat myself up too much about that. And in social media, I ignore all of that stuff. I definitely don't go down the rabbit hole of arguing with people or I get tagged every day in things people like here. Look at this. What are your thoughts? I don't have thoughts. My thoughts have been expressed elsewhere and you can again take my recommendations or not and that's fine. One day we're all gonna die and things are gonna be just fine. So, um, that doesn't bother me. In the professional setting, among other doctors, among other clinicians, I know or at least I like to think that I'm among peers who are going to be more receptive to evidence. And so if you've watched any of my lectures that I've given to other doctors on sarcopenia or the cancer lecture or really any of my, my talks that I've given, uh, my slides are just littered with references and graphs and data and things like that. And that's something that I, uh, it's, it's, it's, it's obviously important for how we practice, but it's also a strategy to actually convince people that, hey, I actually, you know, know what I'm talking about here. And here's my justification for my belief, whereas in society, uh, for a lot of this stuff, you don't necessarily need to have a really strong justification for your belief. You can just have beliefs. So if you listen to, uh, our last rehab podcast from Reno's Q&A Michael Ray talked about, uh, this YouTube channel that we all, that, that me and him, he, he introduced me to called a street epistemology. And it's a guy who is actually in San Antonio, and he goes around and he'll meet somebody and he'll talk to him a little bit and he'll elicities like tries to get them to make a claim about something that they believe. And then very gently, kindly he'll start to delve into this belief and ask them just kind of pointed questions to try to get at the heart of why they believe what they believe oftentimes it ends up going down until like religion and things like that. But he's very good at it, uh, in terms of getting to why people believe what they believe, but overwhelmingly what he ends up showing is people can't justify oftentimes what they believe. They just make sure it up and they just believe what they believe. And, um, we're very, uh, we're very stupid creatures. And so like Jordan said, it's a fool's air into go out and try to save the world and correct everything that's wrong out there. So I just don't do it and wouldn't recommend it. Uh, have you been in an argument in the last week? But been in an argument in the last week. No. I've been into, you've been into. Well, to be fair, it's not my fault. One of them was like a scheduled podcast on like injury and it's technique. Sure. Yes. So that I did that to myself. Yes. But the second one, this guy was making the claim that because doctors don't receive like advanced nutrition training during medical school that they should not be counseling patients on dietary changes, to which my reply is, why do you need to know all these intricacies to do that behavioral change counseling? You don't. Just like you don't need to be a programming whiz or like, uh, you know high level coach in order to help people in, you know, achieve these physical activity guideline minimums. You don't need that. You need to be experienced to know what to do for trouble shooting for like performance, right, or have a big toolbox for cueing people in real time. Sure. But to the extent that you need this huge fund of knowledge, just to like be able to draw up some initial recommendations. Like, I don't think you need that. Or to act, I would prefer the in fact your tool kit was more robustly stocked with behavioral counseling techniques. Yeah. I mean, most of you guys who are here this weekend, you probably are now feeling a little bit more comfortable at what the basic outlines of what we would recommend as a healthy dietary pattern might look like, right? So energy intake and protein fiber, how the fat distribution looks like. And then within that there's tons of latitude. So cool. You don't need to have hyper advanced training to be able to counsel somebody on some of that stuff. But having those conversations is the hard