We're going to try to answer some of these curated questions that you guys have submitted. Alright, question number one. How do you effectively balance training so you are still making improvements but aren't functionally useless the next day or two or even longer? This sidebar. When was the last training session that you had that just laid you out completely? It's been many, many, many years. Probably the last one I could remember was like probably about the time when I quit Texas method. Oh yeah, yeah. Programme that I would not do again. I think I mean the last time that I was so sore or like just beaten down after a training session is when we went to that CrossFit level 1 MD thing in Hawaii. In Hawaii and I remember we were walking to the car and I was like there's a disturbance in the force. You know, like quads? Like yeah. But I wasn't like useless. I was just annoyed because then I couldn't really train productively the next time I wanted to train. Oh you mean, so at the seminar they actually made us do a couple of wads with them. Yes. That was why that happened to you. My favorite part of that whole experience was Austin and I were in different squat groups so they're trying to teach us the squat and it would PVC pipe right. It's the front squat and my front squat is terrible. I like to blame my anthropometry. Austin likes to blame my lack of athleticism. But I'm being told there with the PVC pipe like wedged up against my beard. It's guys like beautiful front rack position, excellent mobility or whatever. And Austin is in the corner getting squat therapy because apparently he's got butt wink or something. A lot of his squat. It is taking everything in my power not to start laughing at him. That's my favorite part of that. Yeah. Besides random glassmen sort of excerpts. But to answer this question, I don't know that at any point in my training career, since I've been using auto regulation and actually kind of been thinking more about my the process of getting stronger that I've been so sore or so tired after training session that it's actually made a difference in anything I've done afterwards. I mean, during the best most productive training years, training wise in my life, I took all of my boards. I, you know, did my intern year in residency of graduate medical school, like started this business, like whatever. So at no point was my, I guess, cognitive function impaired significantly at no point that I have to miss a training session because I was like two sore. There's been modifications, but those are all kind of baked into the training, which is the idea. Your training session should meet you where you're at on a given day based on your performance potential and that performance potential is intimately related to how great you're good you're feeling, right? How well you're functioning, which you can only tell like when you're in the gym, right? They'll have like indicator weights for certain movements, like you hit this weight and you're like, all right, do that move fast or slow. It tells you like, am I going to be stronger than normal or not quite a strong on a given day? On average, you know, again, it's a bell curve kind of thing. Most days, I'm going to average level of strength. Some days are better than others, but I, to answer this particular question, I think if you're routinely feeling beat up and like your personal life, professional life is suffering, secondary to training, I would, I would, the training program probably needs to be adjusted. And if it's one of our training programs, which is possible, I mean, I had a guy come up and say he's running one of our hypertrophy templates and he's like, I've never been more sore in my entire life. And I'm like, instead of like, I don't know if you wanted to tap on the back, right? Like, yeah, brother, you're good for you. I was like, hey, man, I'd probably lower the RP target RP of each set by two or so. The idea is like, maybe you see their overshooting or going to failure, or close to failure too often, or otherwise sort of maybe partying too much stress for what you can currently handle. And that's kind of leaving and feeling beat up and tired to whatnot. So that's how I would address this is, is adjust the training stress. Yeah, the first thing I think of when I hear that somebody is feeling useless for two days after a training session is this is a major programming issue. You're either doing too much or what you're doing is too hard. So those are my usual interventions at that time point is probably upfront. I'm going to look at the program and if it seems like a reasonable dosage of training, I'm going to bump the RP targets down by a point or two or whatever. Some made up of mouth and see how they do. If it seems like maybe you started training, you know, not that long go and you're probably doing more than I would expect you to need at this point in your training. Maybe I'll trim off some back offsets or something like that. I might adjust the volume, but you should never feel that destroyed from your training. It's not a badge of honor. It doesn't make you better than anybody else. And it is probably not the best way to go about your training if you want to train consistently and kind of build momentum and build progress over time. I really, I mean, even back then that time that I was alluding to, I still was not like put out for two days. I just felt, you know, more fatigued than usual. So I don't know that I've ever felt functionally useless for a day or two after a training session. And even really get particularly sore at all anymore. Yeah, let's not really knew exercise or something. Yeah, with new exercises, that's kind of expected. But to Jordan, Jordan was making the point during the last lecture that we're not aiming to continually overload people and make stuff harder and an effort to force adaptations to happen. Rather, if the training is set up appropriately, you will adapt and be able to demonstrate that by increasing your loads in subsequent sessions. So earlier this past week, I had one of the best, I've actually, this last week was one of the best training weeks I had. And on my main deadlift day this past week, I pulled heavier than I have in a while. So I pulled like 60 for a double. It was quite easy. A bunch of back off work, a bunch of other movements that day and after I finished, I told Tom, I said, you know, if I had to rate like the session RPE of this, there was like a six. Like these were some of the heaviest weights I've lifted in a while. But everything moved fast. I felt really strong. I didn't feel particularly beat up. I could have done way more sets. I could have gone way closer to failure. So that's what I had in me on the day for the programming that was there. I took it, felt strong, felt great. The session, even though it was very heavy, relative to my recent performance, it did not crush me. And I felt fine afterwards. And I felt fine since. So training should not be destroying you. Would not recommend you go to that point. So some adjustments are in order. Yeah. And I think that if you're regularly feeling that way, just got to change training. Yeah. Can't eat your way out of that. Can't sleep your way out of that. No. Can't remember where we had of that. Yeah. All right.