Jordan said, boy, anytime I see that in a question, I just like, I probably didn't say that. Yeah, probably. Here we are. Jordan said during the seminar that enjoyment and exercise has the biggest impact on endurance. Oh, that's true. I did say that coming back to lifting after a long layoff, I found it difficult to find enjoyment with weights that are so far below when I used to be able to do any suggestions or resources on how to start enjoying training again. I don't have any resources on this. It'd be great if we had a book. It was like enjoying training. Like, it just like a whole book. I'm like how to make starting enjoyment. Yeah, starting starting starting, starting pleasure. You know, just, yes. I'm lifting weights very pleasurable. Yeah, that's gross. So this is a good start. Starting hedonism. Yeah, a way to use my weights to, yeah. I actually do have a strategy for this because this happened to me. I did cross it for like eight months. Yeah, I experimented with the dark, dark arts. And I lost a substantial amount of weight in a substantial amount of strength. I'm not sure those two things were related because I wasn't really lifting weights. During that time, I was doing a bunch of Olympic lifts. And it just, I wasn't squatting, eventually. You're deadlifting. Yeah, I'm a weight went down as well. So when I came back, I remember I squatted. I used Leah's belt. This is how like, yeah, kick kick. Yes, yes. This is how, this is how like, kick kick I was. That was a hundred. I remember I came back from Australia. And I was 84 kilos, 85 kilos, which is like all of 185 pounds or something like that. And I usually as belt and I squat at 180 kilos, which is 396 for a hard triple, a hard triple. To be clear, I've benched that before for a triple. So like things were bad. And I was like, what? So I'd recently decided to like quit doing CrossFit because I didn't like it. And then, yeah, so enjoyment was low. And I was like, I was going back to powerlifting because I love that. And then I did powerlifting for one day. And I was like, no, where's all my strength? So the strategy that I used on the exercises that I had a lot of history with. So squat bench deadlift, I changed the rep range to things I didn't have experience with. So for example, I'd never really done squats or deadlift for sets of eight and ten. I stuck to mostly those. And I picked different exercise variations that I had very little experience with. And previously, so that I didn't have this like historical like performance, a barometer that I kept going up against. So I did that. And honestly, I remember it was like six to eight weeks after I came back. I was within about 10% of my normal strength levels. And so I was happy again and could train like relatively regularly. Benefits of this are kind of twofold. One, you don't hate yourself every time you go to the gym and think, what was me? This is the worst I've ever performed in my whole life. And then benefit number two is that you're sort of slow, gradually retraining yourself to do a different thing. So remember, I had been doing CrossFit for eight months. I was not squatting, benching and deadlifting like I was during my normal powerlifting training. Had I just switched back to powerlifting with no sort of bridge in between that could have potentially been problematic for me. However, I had this sort of on-ramp where I was able to sort of get back to the normal training. And so that worked out pretty well for me. So generally that's how I recommend folks do that. If they have a specific goal that's different than their normal that we've been training for for a while. And then they want to go back to a previous type of training. I put program this like GPP-related bridge where the rep ranges are different. The exercise selection is different so they don't have this like, again, historical thing that they're comparing themselves against each single time. You can do that a lot of different ways. You can do that with rep ranges. You can do it with adding chains or bands or different barbells or different sort of range of motion or tempo. There's a whole different things, a lot of different things you can use. I just actually dealt with this very scenario although not entirely due to a lift off. I had a patient of mine who I have been working with for a little while who was recently diagnosed with cancer. And specifically he was diagnosed with prostate cancer and one of the standard treatments for prostate cancer is what's called endrogen deprivation therapy where you basically get put on testosterone blockers. You can think of it like that. You get like chemically castrated basically to prevent endrogen stimulating the prostate cancer from growing anymore. So we're intentionally making him hypogonaddle and he was observing that his performance was going down in the gym. When you're truly hypogonaddle, then sure we would expect that your performance is going to be altered with that. And he was having some distress over this because he pulled 500 at national last year and now he's like I'm seeing my numbers start to change. And so what should I do? I'm not really loving training when I'm weaker. And I just said we need to change the metrics of performance here. We need to pick some different exercises, right? Rather than a competition squat and a competition deadlift than a positive bench press, we need to pick some other things that you haven't done before. Give you some new opportunities to PR, right? So now that if you're going to be doing pulse squats and deficit deadlifts and stuff like that, every time you train is going to be a PR. And so we change the strategy and he's now fully on board with that idea and training with some different things. So again, same deal so that he doesn't have this constant prior performance to compare himself to. So that's what we did with him. So effectively the same thing, just do different things and you'll have less of a metric of comparison. Yeah, just change the goalpost. Boom.