Hey everyone, welcome back to the barbell medicine YouTube channel iTunes, Stitcher, wherever you're getting this from. This is the barbell medicine crew. Minus like Vanessa Hassan, Alex, Charlie, Charlie, Derek, Joe, and we're missing some of them. We're missing some people. We're missing some people. We're in Chicago. We're going to talk about coaching. So we wanted to get a broad panel, individuals, and talking about coaching today. This is the disclaimer to start this off. This is not like a well-researched, evidence-based review of marketing data, sales data, coaching, like, this is more to start opinion. Yeah, it's similar to opinion and experience. The med school podcast. Yes. But we're going to include some other perspectives and try to inform you the listener or viewer at home about how we got to where we're at today and then maybe steps for going forward if you want to become a coach because we get that question all the time. This was actually prompted by a question in San Antonio. It was like, how do I let people know that I'm willing to help them with my coaching? It's like, there's a long story there. So let's start out with this. Let's start out with how we all got started. Alan Throll. When did you start coaching? Why did you start coaching and then like, what's been your journey? I started coaching in 2013. So it's real, well, before that I coached high school team. But actually coaching one on one was when I opened the gym. I mean, it was kind of an necessity. I didn't really have much structure. It's opening the gym. I was just like, if someone comes in, I'm going to help him out and take them through a workout. And I started out wanting to do group training. Sometimes I was a group, but oftentimes it was three people or two people or sometimes one person would show up to the group session. That's not the group. Yep. So it was more personal training that was, you know, one person group training. So I was coaching a lot of people like that. They're small and great. Smaller group. My group group. And so that's always started coaching more one on one outside of coaching teams. But so did you, you opened the gym like right when you started coaching? Yep. I opened the gym complete scratch. Like no experience. I didn't have any clients built up. Yes. I was just like, I wanted to. Yeah. So anybody who came into the gym was automatically your client. You weren't like sitting waiting for some gym manager or personal training manager to like give you a new client seat. It was just with you. You come to my gym. Well, you got to know who I am. I didn't think you said that out loud. How long do you think it took before you felt comfortable actually coaching somebody? Like, do you have any like fear initially like trepidation like, hey, I have no idea what I'm doing. I just opened the gym. People are coming in and they want to meet like, you know, taking them through a workout or like give them a training plan. Do you confident initially? Talking to people. I was always a bit unsure of what to say. Me talking to people like why should I come near gym? Being a salesperson. I wasn't very good at. But I would say that like telling someone what to do came fairly easy getting out of Marine Corps and just, I mean, honestly, like some people, you know, like, here's a workout tell Jordan to do it and you're like, if you want, you can like, you know what I mean? So like being somewhat assertive was easy. So yeah. That was that probably came from being an altered beforehand. And so there was a little bit of a transition but it wasn't too bad. Look at looking back now like how long do you think it took for you to become a coach like a good coach in your own mind? Because like you can only tell this retrospectively. You can't like, everyone thinks they're awesome when they start, right? But then like five years later like, yeah, I can't believe I started there. And I would say that once I was finally a coach by Austin was when I was like, hmm, so this is, this is like a good coach is. And so I learned a lot about coaching and you know, about programming the lifts and whatnot. And so all of that definitely after Austin before that, it was just a, you know, like a couple of years of probably not the best advice. But you get any certifications along the way. Like it was your first cert, like how to do it. So you open to Jim, you do that. I open to Jim. And like it is a worst business plan with nothing, no business experience, no credentials, no clients. Maybe I never worked in Jim. Yeah, I guess maybe. I was just really motivated and a bit naive and I just wanted to start a Jim. Yeah. And also we'll link his, hey, I started to Jim video to see you guys getting, that's a cool story. Tom, let's move to you next. When did you start coaching and like how did you, this come about like what were you doing? I taught martial arts and college. And then for Barbell coaching, like 2008, 2009 I started informal coaching people. And then by 2010 people were paying me to coach them. And like how did you get involved in that? Like, like somebody that you were training martial arts was like, hey, I also want to get strong or was it like you got interested yourself and training in that. There was no, there was no like carryover from my time coaching martial arts, but just as far as coaching people and like being in front of people and giving instruction, that probably started it. But as far as the Barbell stuff, it was, there was no point at which it was like, aha, it was sort of a gradual thing. The more I was lifting and the more I was looking at stuff, the more people came to me for advice. So people were just coming up to you or like, sir can't tell me, we please teach me. Because I was in a CrossFit gym at the time. And so the idea that people would go and like actually work on strength and a dedicated fashion was kind of a novel thing. At that time and to the yeah, for sure. So that, that attracted attention. Yeah. And then what was your first certification like how did you get started? Starting strength coach. That is the only like, you know, fitness certification I got and I got that in February of 2010. 2010. Yeah. So it wasn't like, I'm going to get all these shirts. I'm going to go to a personal like a global gym coach, a bunch of people. You were just an agenda and people started asking you. I don't know. Miron that squat. I mean, you're a bastard on after all. That's true. Leah. So same, same sort of question to you like, when did you start what the certifications did you get? And how did you get started coaching? I was right. I think I was coaching people informally in about 2014 and by 2015, I was being paid by some people to coach them and I was running small group classes. Okay. Not like very small group classes. No, I was actually running my class. My classes were full. My classes were full. I had a waiting list for my classes. Sure. So I was teaching barbell classes a couple days a week. And then I was coaching some people independently as well. And then how does that start like people just started asking you? Or you were like, go on a day. Let me coach you. Right. So initially, it was people were asking me for help. I'm a pretty open person at the gym. So I was willing to offer insight or advice. And then when I decided that I wanted to learn to become a better coach, I did get a little bit more aggressive about finding people to coach. And I offered to coach people if they were interested. And then the only certification that I got was the starting strength certification. And when I wanted that, I decided that I needed to coach a broader spectrum of lifters. And so I actually asked different types of people if they would be willing to work with me so that I could have more practice. But before that, you never had asked somebody to, yeah, they would just call me to. I come up to make that. Yeah, I see. And then what did you want to become a coach? What's the, why did you get bored or like? Well, it was just it lifting and training and all of that that goes with it was so important in my own life. And I think that that showed to the people around me. But as it became so important to me, I was really excited about working with other people who cared about the same idea. So I loved it. So I kind of grew up. I played multiple sports, but throughout my swimming career as I went through swimming, I started to coach more and more of the younger age groups behind me to the point where as I got to the upper age groups, I started, you know, I was getting coaching more and more individuals in the pool. And so I had a long, I'd been coaching some form of like, you know, human movement. I guess so to speak or sports performance for for a while, both formally getting paid and in formula prior to that. And so that kind of had been going on for a long time. After I finished swimming and I decided to pick up a barbell to avoid getting super fat from not being a real swimmer anymore. Oh yeah. Like, this is a common thing amongst swimmer. No, no, no, I know that happens. I'm just saying for you personally. Yeah, I was like, I don't want that to happen to me. So let me go find something else to do because swimming by myself and the pool was super boring without a team around me. So I found, you know, I started to pick up a bar and started training, did all kinds of wacky stuff. I mean, I've talked about this a bit before where I didn't coach anybody for quite a long for probably a couple of years when I was starting out with the bar until I was training at a college gym when when when I was in med school. And by that point, I was actually getting decently strong and I was squatting, you know, approaching 405 at the time and people, you know, at the time in that gym that was like not common. So I started to get some attention. By the time I was squatting, you know, 405 or more, that sort of get a lot of attention. And that was around the time I think I met you and you were like, hey, dude, you ever, you know, like coached anybody on this stuff. And I was like, well, I've helped a few, been helping a few people out in the gym and then we decided to pursue it a little bit more formally from there. And kind of, and in parallel to that, my whole academic career had been kind of also kind of like coaching, teaching, stuff like that. And so I think for as far as like why I ended up getting into it, it was kind of something that has always been part of what I do in terms of teaching other people, both in academics, in sport, athletics and something I still do now in medicine too. So it's kind of just how I end up doing. Panic forward. Yeah, as opposed to your little bit. Nobody cares what I did. So there's like move on with this onto the next one. Yeah, moving on. Jordan, did you get any certifications? I'm just calling you. Well, that's the thing that I kind of saw it. I mean, I worked at a company called ViTech Systems, which is now being near you, which is subsidiary Boeing. That's why I did not have to after college. I just got a biology degree. And I was like, I didn't know if Tom, you couldn't do anything with the biology degree. Besides, like, you know, work is a lab like tech or whatever, but you didn't really need a biology degree to do that. So in any event, I was pouring plates all day, just micro, like, to stain. But I wasn't even doing the staining. I was literally just pouring the plates. Like a machine. Something like, yeah, I haven't mechanized it. Yeah. So I was like waiting for my job to be replaced by the machine. And so I did it for three months after I graduated. And I was like, I hate everything about this. Like, I hate everything about this. This is terrible. Like, give me out of here. What do I like? And I gotten really into training when I was in college. And at the time, like, you think about this, 2005, 2006, 2007, on the internet. There's nothing on the internet about training. Besides, like, Dave Tate's deep squatter and like, Dave Tate telling you to pour olive oil on your pizza. Like, that's it, right? And so, you know, you can't... I mean, if you want an olive oil, you're back in. So, if it fits your macros, I guess. Yeah. So at the time, it was just harder to learn to stuff, right? And so, but I, you know, I had a really an interest in exercise physiology and exercise physiology. Assessment, I ended up taking all these exercises, graduated with one-to-extredits. And I thought that was interesting. So anyway, I was working in this terrible job and I was like, what do I do now? And I was like, what do I like? What is it even enjoyable? So I was like, I'm gonna become, I'm gonna go train people with this gym. I was at this gym, training, and people like members had asked me to like, maybe I would need to do it. It's all dudes. Of course. Like, I thought I was getting a lift or you need to like pick up chicks. It was all dudes. Like, hey, what do you think? Like, you know? Well, yeah, I know. It ends up working out fine. But it's... Don't let this be a lesson. Don't do anything. For... Yeah, to get yourself a date because it's gonna be a good backfire. So in any event, sorry coaching at a commercial gym, and I got like, I think every start that was available at the time, like, I did the CSDS, so I did ACSM HFS, I did CrossFit, I did USAW, I did USA Track of Field, I did the CISSN, I did a RKC. Oh, we call it a note about the RKD. Yeah, I did it. Like, then they wanted you to test and I was like, this is stupid. Like, yeah, I did a lot of this because I thought it would ultimately give me two things, one like Keshay, like, oh, this guy's got all these letters. Letters! Places! Yeah. Oh, that was gonna help like get business. And then the other thing I thought it would actually teach me to know things about training. And to some extent, like the minimum requirements that you're passing on these tests, like, probably do impart some like knowledge base. But I never felt like, I know what I'm doing here. I never felt like that until much later, my coaching career, like, I know how to program, I know how to coach the lifts, I feel comfortable giving people advice, like, on these things. I was so exceared as the wrong word, but just very aware of how tenuous my knowledge base was on these things because I was still questions for myself, like, how was the best way to get your squat to go up? I still had questions about that, you know? And the people were like, why are you gonna do this? I'm like, I mean, you know what I think to me? Yeah, I think. Yeah, but I was very fortunate. I mean, I'm gonna ask you guys about your client sort of situation. So like my first client, I remember that ever trainer named Janna, how Janna? She watches all this stuff now. She's cool. But it was so interesting. I was like, I was like, I'm gonna have you squat. Like, the second session, whatever, had a squat under a bar and then bench and deadlift. But nobody else in the gym was doing it at the time, so everyone thought it was crazy. They're like, you're having her squat bench and deadlift. Like, yeah, because that's what I would want to do. I can't like sell somebody training and then have them do stuff that I would never do. You know, like these weird, like, I'm gonna hop over an exercise box and I'm gonna like stand on a boat, see you ball and then do like this weird burpy to all the things on just to like make you feel tired, which you know, is better than not exercising. But so I just had people do stuff that I would want to do. And like, plan to work out that way, which tend to work out, like, I guess it's good that I like to power lift in. There's something. You don't accept with some selection bias in that they're not, you know, if they see you doing that and then they want to come to you, right? So whereas other people who would have no interest in doing that, they wouldn't have approached you in the first place. Yeah, nobody's like hiring me and they're like, hey, you want to do like some boxing stuff? Like, you were just, you were just, you know, winning based off of the selection bias there. That's the right problem. I'm just saying that's the right problem. That's the right problem. I mean, way to take me down if I put this. All right, so I thought these people actually voted by. Yeah, right, right. It turns out. It turns out. Yeah, it turns out not so much. All right, so Alan, the first time somebody comes to your gym and decides to pay you to coach. What was that? Like that was 2013. I say, what's your stone business? It could have taken too long. Yeah. Like I said, the whole, when I first opened the gym, it was all supposed to be group or class training. That's the structure. There wasn't, I didn't have like, once the one I went on. But it would just be, you know, one person to show up and then they'd get the kind of the work out of the day, I would run them through it. Yeah. You were doing a crossfit? Is it crossfit gym? No. You would hurt a crossfit. Yeah. Yeah. It was like strong man circuit training. Okay. Push this slide, carry these farmers. I'm going to let you do it with those. There's no dead. That's heavy. Yeah. Yeah. Very similar to that. And then, I don't remember the, like the first time I said, I'm, I think I'm going to start, you know, charging people separately for one on one coaching. Oh, this is all like involved in, this was like in the gym. Yeah, sign up for the gym. I'll tell you, you throw a workout. You know, basically. But I do remember having a lot of older women that I would train for one on one clients. I don't know what it was, but there were a lot of them that I'd like to do. Well, but that's, that's not a unique story though. Like people in the personal training people in a coaching, like I think all of us, he said, hey, what is your bread and butter client? You know, it ends up being like a middle late middle late or just at least a not 20 something female. Like just 30 plus that tends to be a bulk of your market unless you're like in this really strange like niche. You're like, yeah, all I ever train are like athletes like it is like, okay, cool. Like I hope you enjoy like not actually making a living from this, you know, for very long because it's hard to. It's very difficult to do that. Also like the reimbursement's not that great unless you're winning championships. And the moment you're not winning championships, you're out and should you ever hurt somebody, like not that you actually hurt, but they became, you know, that's that's not a great way to build a business. Also there's only so many elite level athletes. Yeah, and the odds of them living in your city and like wanting to train with you. I mean, I guess if you moved to Miami or LA, you know, that might improve your chances, but even then, like. So I don't think that's unique. I'm talking about like retired like, yeah. Yeah, yeah. That's actually your love. It was mornings and afternoons would be with retired women who didn't work. And then in the evening would be the bigger crowd where I would actually get people to show up for a group session. But as far as one I want training, yeah, it was a lot of some, some older retired men, but it was just, I remember working with a lot of retired women to. Leo, you think most of your clients originally were women. Yes, yes, in fact, my first class, everybody assumed it was women's lifting class. And I did not want it to, I didn't want it to stay this program. It was only where I only trained women. I wanted to be training people. I like it. Love training women, but yeah, all my first clients were women. Oh, women. Yep. What do you think it is now? What's the split? Uh, it's actually more men now. Oh, really? Yeah. Awesome. What about yours? I, so you first saw your wife. It was not actually. No, no. I was a runner for a long time. And I was like, you know, I wasn't going to, I wasn't going to influence that until she, you know, developed interest in one. I hadn't had a lift. That was later on. But I guess I was training in that college gym at the time. And so when I was lifting heavy weights from the college dudes, mostly, we're, you know, taking interest in that. So that was what most of my clients basically did. That's a bunch of guys. That first was fine. Yeah. I mean, that's who was there. And initially, you know, I was given them technical advice, or teaching the lifts. And I was not charging for any of that. And then once things, you know, picked up a little bit more and people were wanting some programming guidance and stuff like that, then that's kind of where I started to feel comfortable with charging even a little bit, which was not very much at the time. But that's what I felt ready to do that. Tom, you're, you're at a crossfit gym. Right. And I said, you were paying to go to that crossfit gym. At the time, yes. They were they coaching you? Uh, I, I stopped. No, I actually what happened was I asked to be able to work on my own, which no one else was doing. You wanted to open gym for yourself. Yeah. Yeah. So I got, I got permission to work on my own. But so then you're like, people are coming up to you and they're like, Tom, Tom, Tom, we know you went to the games 2008. No. Well, it's true. In fact, it was, it was 2009. And I started doing this before that. Yeah. Also, so, y'all, y'all, y'all jokes aside. But so, so you're at this gym. You already have like a unique membership, you know, because you're the only one doing open gym. And then also people are asking you to coach them. And the gym, the ownership's like cool. Yeah. Mostly because I had been there for a year or year plus already. And I had shown myself to be a reasonable human. And I wasn't actually troublesome. And so I started doing my own thing. And the gym owner was supportive of it. And then it wasn't like there was some mass migration of everyone like doing CrossFit to... I know we just went to Trayne with Tom. No, that did not happen. Trayne with Tom, yeah. Well, but I think that it brings up like it starts to like a kind of an important point. Like, well, how do I get started coaching, right? Well, like you have to coach. And but before that, you actually have to train yourself. So all of us have like a very similar like origins. So like, I started getting into this. I started my life. I spent a lot of time doing this. And so at some point, people are going to ask you for some expertise. And that point is your time to kind of, you know, it's a decision point. Like, do I want to like try on my coaching chops? Do I want to develop this? Or like am I totally fine not doing that and like moving on in other aspects of my life and sending them on the way? That expertise needs to be demonstrated in some fashion. Right. Chairs for kind of what we're talking about is that you have to have trained and achieved some level of competence with it for anybody to ask your advice and it doesn't end up being where you train and you enjoy it. You're terrible at it. And so you go down like beating down everybody's door trying to get them to let you coach them. Yeah, you don't need to. Yeah, nobody advertise their services from ground from like day one where like because you need to have like something that's valuable. A demonstrably valuable skill set where people are seeking you out. And then you were trying to magnify that in a way. So like, Tom's in this, what I would consider a hostile environment because they're always friendly. Yeah, you know, because other people are getting coaching, right? And like, you would have to assume on someone like that coaching is incomplete or, you know, at least not, doesn't align with their goals. And so I'm going to get this additional coaching or coaching instead of this, you know, from this other guy. And so and the other part of that is it's not like you were squatting like 500 for sets of five. But you had demonstrated that you had been training and you had proficiency in what you were doing. And you weren't trying to step outside of that. If somebody was like, yeah, and I actually, I want to squat on the squat and deadlift and bench and press. But I also want to, you know, train for this ultra marathon. You know, there's like a point where you're like, but I actually don't know how to do that. And to your point, you know, I went, I went from like, shockingly weak to less weak and I put on weight in that process, which was something that people weren't really doing. So it wasn't like I was squatting 500 pounds. I was squatting a lot less than 500 pounds. But there was a change that was unusual in the context that I was in. And like it wasn't a hostile environment and so much as like the gym owners like you better not be doing that. And so the gym owner was actually supportive of it. So yeah, but I'm just saying that the people you'd have your say in that your clientele, what would be your clientele were informed consumers because if you thought, I mean, I had the coach, you know, that they said, no, no, I want a little bit more. Yeah, and so and then so you were at the gym, you were working out at the gym, where you got your your clients initially, same thing, like you were literally working out at O to you, when people were approaching you. Yep. You didn't just decide, you didn't wake up when one said, I want to be a coach. That's a way for people to like email you. And then you were at Cross with Jim. You're a West. And then people had already been coming up to you. Yes. So Allen, you like created a space for people to come to you for expertise. But in the military or wherever before, did you ever coach anybody? Yeah, just friends. Yeah, because they approach you because you were the workout guy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It was usually like, hey, dude, a bench, four or five or a couple of reps, but I can't squat it. We taught me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. On the barbinger section. On the barbinger section. But that's I think if I had to give, and all of you guys way on this, if I, you know, if someone wants to say, hey, I want a coach, like what's the first thing? Like, well, so this is assuming that you've trained on some level to develop some valuable skill set. Like, you need to be in a place where people can approach you and be approachable to allow what to happen. It's not like you just say, you wake up and say, yeah, I've trained a little bit. I'm going to be a coach. And then like, just wait for people to be. Conversely, you can't say, I'm going to train a whole lot and get super, super strong. I'm going to be in my garage gym for the entire time. Yeah. Nobody's going to find me see me or approach me. I remember there was a, this guy was like, he lived like 20 miles outside of any, like, town. Right? Like, just, he's literally like, you know, in the middle of nowhere relatively. Yeah. And he's training his garage and he's like, how do I coach people? Like, you have to go to town. Yeah. Like, you have to see people at D.C. when I was in the commercial gym, I did that for a year before I ended up doing my own thing. And they were real big about working the floor, walk the floor. And some people took that to me and like, going up to people and asked them, like, hey, can I train you? But I never did that. I would literally just be trying on a clock and so you were like, yeah, I would just be walking around and I wait for somebody to ask me a question. And there were many days where I didn't get asked a question, but I was in that gym. I was waiting on a client. It was just going to come in an hour afterwards. Or I would be working out. Right? And then people would be like, yeah, I know that you work. You're like, hey, it's, it's, you're, you're almost waiting for people to approach you so that you can demonstrate your skill set that you should be worth, or finding a working on the time. You're not just saying, I have this skill set. Please hire me. You know, that's, it comes across as a little desperate. Yes, so you need to advertise your services until you're already like doing something, in which case you can let people know you're open for business. Right. And when you're training with people, it's not as Tom's. It's not just that you're the strongest person even, or that you reach the great number, but I think when you're in that environment, people see everything you go through. And so they see the different training that you do, the struggles, also that you have, and they see someone who pushes through something hard, and maybe fails and yet gets back to it. And that's also just as important for people to see as seeing somebody who lifts a lot of weight. They need to make stuck with it. So, so I think if you want to coach, yeah, you should be in a gym with other humans training. And if you're not, I don't know that you can coach like that. Like you're then you're just waiting for somebody else to like direct humans towards you. Like why would they? Well, that's exactly like nobody knows that you're an expert. And if you're not trained, if you're untrained, you're probably not an expert, which, you know, tree thirt's. Okay. So Austin, early on in your coach career, like any huge regrets. I think the early coaching career regret is one of overconfidence, which I think tends to be common among many people, especially as they start to learn things. If they learn things from people, they put some trust in and they buy into it, and they want to start dispensing this advice. It's easy to be overconfident with that. And to fall prey to all the cognitive biases that we all know now, know much better about, you know, we start to see things work that we expect to work. We tend to dismiss things when they don't work, and it doesn't necessarily fit what we expect to just standard kind of confirmation by a stuff. And then, you know, additionally not knowing what you don't know is a huge problem, and not appreciating that there's this whole world of things that you don't understand yet. And so certain pieces of advice that may have been given back then that I definitely regret because now I'm like, well, that was wrong. And maybe some of them, I didn't know at the time, some of them, nobody knew at the time because the evidence didn't exist yet, for example. But the overwhelming thing was, you know, particularly going through that initial process and get the certification and stuff like that led to an inappropriate amount of confidence and some of the things that were done or some of the advice that was dispensed. And so now things tend to be much more tempered. You think you heard anybody? In terms of an injury as a result of the advice, not that I know of, in terms of like some sort of unquantifiable harm because I gave them advice that they followed that may not have gotten them as good and outcome as they might have otherwise gotten. Short, probably. Yeah. And those are the kind of things that we count as, as harms. Yeah. So probably from that standpoint. Yeah. Tom, you think you have any like regrets from your training crew? Not training coach crew? Yeah. Probably giving away too much of my time. Like for free. Yeah. Just in general. I don't think I'm in that is. In general, probably being overly focused on making sure that like some of my clients were taking care of at my own expense, particularly. I don't think I don't think I really, you know, some of the advice I gave probably was not the wonderful, but I didn't like do anything. I didn't wind up hurting anyone. People tended to make progress like I was a positive person. So I never like ran into problems where I was like super mean to somebody or anything along those lines or dismissive of people. But yeah, just probably being like actually overly giving at my own expense. Of course, Tom says, I'm just too nice. That's right. Too nice. Five stars. You know, if you had a lot of people coming to you and you're giving away a lot of this time, maybe that was an indication that maybe you were in a place where you could have feasibly charged for coaching. Maybe sooner than you ultimately decided to. Yeah. Well, we were talking there was like a pricing question like how do I price myself? It's like, well, how many clients do you have? Two. I don't think that's the question desk. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think that's the question desk. Because that's not limiting or you know. Leah, early mistakes. So I think you were right. Yeah. I think one of my early mistakes that bothers me is insistence on things that didn't matter. You know, like in part because of some things ways that I had learned how to coach or about lifting, just really being too insistent on particulars about programming or what someone does. Yeah. Now, I really regret that because it didn't matter. And so when you even asked the question, do I think I harmed anybody? I don't think I've physically harmed anyone. But I think I harmed at least for a time. Some people's progress because I wasn't looking at them as an individual. I had a program or an idea that I was trying to make them all fit. Is it an indirect? Yeah. Induced neuroses and people over that kind of thing, which is I think probably. Yeah. Neurosys or like, you know, like if we're talking about people who are new to the gym and then they're scared and you're kind of like, well, but you got this is what you have to do. This is the correct way to do it. Yeah. And so that's definitely one of my regrets. But I'm really, like, I don't know that that lasted a very long time because I think when you are a good coach, you pay attention to people. Like Tom said, you start to see what people need. You want them to do well. So then you have to start thinking about why am I doing this? Should I ask more questions? Should I change things? Then you become a better coach? Uh, yes. Well, yeah. I'm with you. Okay. Alan, how many are like, what sort of things early on in your gym ownership slash coaching career? Um, anything to your grit. Definitely, uh, miss Lee and information with regard to, uh, setbacks, specifically like pain and injury. Um, I always feel like I had to give an answer or I had to be this point of authority that knew. Oh, your shoulder hurts because of, you know, these trigger points. Or because of this and that, or let's mash this up or we need to start doing these corrective exercises. Or, you know, uh, I've encountered a number of people who've had a back tweak, you know, and just, uh, going about it the wrong way. Uh, probably doing all the wrong things. Um, and, you know, baby in it, uh, checking up on them, you know, way too much or like, from my standpoint of like, I don't, I know what this was like for them. I don't want them to happen again. So I'm going to like, just avoid this and this and this, uh, making the situation worse. Um, so I would say definitely from that. It's a common thing for when you're in a position of authority like that, there's this concept called commission bias, where, you know, it's this, this tendency to feel like you have to do something about the situation all the time. Um, and, you know, it's very uncomfortable to sometimes say, you know, I'm not necessarily sure what the best course of action is or that perhaps the best course of action is to not. Um, immediately do something about the situation. And so particularly when you have people who are paying you presumably for your, you know, they're paying you and they want your advice, you're like, yeah, do this. Yeah, right? Yeah. And I felt like if something happened, uh, that, you know, someone's freaking out about it. Pop their back and they're laying on the ground. Uh, I feel like I'm, if I'm not like at their level of reacting, uh, that I was almost like being dismissive, you know, like, yeah, you're fine. Yeah. So I felt like I had to like get on their level, you know what I mean, and over react to. So that's the now you know, a whole lot more about what was going on there, right? That's funny. I think also just from some of the answers. Weightlifting is probably pretty safe as, you know, things go. It's rare to like actually, you know, generally don't concuss people, you know, Speak for yourself. Yeah. Trying to tell me any credibility. Like people people, well, people will tweak things or people will, you know, you'll see, like, minor strains and things like that, but it's pretty rare that, you know, especially when you're coaching somebody that something kind of a straw fake happens. Yeah. Yeah. I think I have similar regrets for all, like, just as far as like being overconfident things, telling people information that was wrong or like unknown at the time and being very confident about it. And then always feeling like I had to do something or have an answer. I mean, that certainly happened just nonstop. The only other thing I regret is actually similar to Tom's thing where he's like, Oh, too much gave too much of myself. You didn't say that. But there was, I mean, definitely a period of time where I was trying to do too much coaching and too much business stuff. Like, just too much worked where I couldn't operate at the level that I wanted to operate at. And that would be, that was a mistake. But I think the message to the listener viewers, like, if you want to be a coach, like, you're going to screw up a lot. And it's okay. But you can, we can kind of cut that learning curve off. We can argue about learning curves of your podcast. We can cut that off by saying, you can't know all the information and what you're very confident about what you know is probably less confident. It's not like a indictment on somebody's knowledge basis. You have to be very okay. Are comfortable being uncertain about things. And then, you know, not necessarily, you know, people think you have to be very confident to sell folks on your expertise. And that's not necessarily the case. One of the biggest demonstrations of expertise is being like, actually, no, no, the answer to that. I'm not sure how confident I am in this answer or, you know, you hear that kind of thing a lot from actual experts. Yes. Yes. So, like, you know, people are like, well, I don't feel comfortable starting. I don't know if I know enough. Like, that's actually a sign that you might, you know, you may actually be ready. You know, so I don't know that somebody over a few hundred percent ready to start coaching, like, from a knowledge base. But if you feel like you have all the answers and you're, you know, ready to go, then I would strongly advise you to like temper that, you know, down and understand that five years from now. If you've started, if you're starting today, you're going to think back and shutter at a lot of things that you said and did. And hopefully you don't hurt anybody. But because weightlifting so safe, we're not usually like, hurting folks. I did have a guy who I trained drunk. I was in drunk. He was drunk. And I allowed him to train while he was drunk. He said he really, because he was like, I really want to do this. Like, I really, I don't want to miss a session. I just, I didn't have the hour. And he was a weird, that was a weird deal. That was weird deal. You know, in hindsight, I take a heat lift. Yeah, he was fine. You know, I just did a not a great session. And anyway, all right. So let's talk about certifications for a second. So we, everybody up here besides me, like, spend a whole bunch of money on certifications. Now, being veteran senior coaches in the actual site of condition of you and unique in a way that you're actually making money in this kind of conditioning field. Unlike the vast majority of people in the direct conditioning field who are only in it for a few years because they're not making enough money. And then we'll all on to something else. How do you guys view certifications? Like, do you think there are any like very useful certifications that you would like recommend people get or how do you feel about that? So it's like, I want to come work at your gym island. What certification do I need? So I used to, like, you know, bash commercial gyms and all the popular certifications. Say there'll be a SNOW and do anything. But I'll give one example of a guy used to train punch and nugget, John Mead. Train him when he was, when he was, when he was 17, he eventually decided that he want to start coaching too. And so without me saying anything, he got a couple certifications and he got a job as a personal trainer, a California family fitness. And he's now the number one trainer and like all of Northern California. He works, he loves it. I wouldn't be crazy about it. He will work like 16 hour days like clients 45 minute sessions back to back to back. Just nonstop and then go to gym and train. And he's 11 it. And he eventually wants to go somewhere more with the coaching. But for now he's getting like hands on clients every day all day, seven days a week if you wanted. In fact, one of my, Barbara medicine clients reached out to me, said his dad, got some coaching. They live in the area. And I was like, hey, I'm booked. John's good. And so he went in anyway, he signed John to send me a text that he purchased 72 sessions with John. But anyways, he got the, you know, basic certifications. He's working in a commercial gym. And he loves it. He's getting a lot of coaching experience. So yeah, I mean in that sense. Yeah, but that's good. But yeah, I'm just telling stories now, but as far as like, which way are you saying that been so far as it gets you to a place where you can acquire the real experience, not that they're a replacement for. Right. Sometimes it's a good idea to say, I just want to go get hired a nine to five. And if that's the case, and you do need certifications. Nobody's going to say like, wow, you're really strong dude. You've got experience that you know, they want on paper, what sort of a case do you have. And so in that sense, it is definitely useful and necessary. Leo, what do you think if you're going to recommend a certification for somebody to get? Yeah, so I don't have a certification to recommend. And I think in my mind, what would maybe take the place of it is a certification at least for me. And I think for a lot of other people, even the story demonstrates that someone has put in a certain amount of time and personal effort. And so I would encourage somebody to find other ways to demonstrate that and then show that. So the people see this really does matter to you. Tom, you got a certain that you like get a fancy, fancy or no. I don't know that I have like enough of an informed opinion to say one way or the other. Well, I mean, do you want to talk about story insurance or? I could. Well, so the question is, we all add that certification all have given it up. The question is, do you think it is a good cert for somebody to like go to like go get because and I say this by thinking like most of us are saying, if you need a certification, just go get one. So you can get experience, but the process of getting the starting strings requires more experience more. It's more involved. But does it put you in a better place as a coach? I think that's dependent upon what you want to do because if you want to work in a commercial gym, the answer is generally no because they'll be looking for a CSES. Yeah, or NASA or something. Sure. Getting a starting string certification will make you appeal to a segment of the population that's aware of starting strength. And also the kind of emphasis on being competent at seeing and queuing movement on a couple of lifts is valuable. Yeah, can be sure. Yeah. And like even though we would differ in certain regards on a programming front, the idea that like you can kind of have something of a focus and get stronger and work on these things. And like a systematic way is also useful. The general concept. Sure. Even in the end of the awesome. I mean, I think that, you know, we look at some of the coaches that we've brought on here. So like Allen, for example, like Joe, like Leah, like Hassan, you know, multiple of our coaches that we have brought on our people who. You and I kind of mentored. And, you know, I think that I feel better about the, you know, the people who I have mentored and kind of brought up where I can say unequivocally. You know, I trust Allen to do effectively everything from a coaching programming standpoint. He knows what his scope is. He knows when something is no longer within his scope. He knows when he has the appropriate degree of kind of calibrating his uncertainty meter with things when he knows what he knows and what he doesn't know and he doesn't know. And I can say that for all the people that I've kind of mentored. So I like that model of of, you know, of kind of coaching development education stuff like that. Of course, it's a more time intensive process and things like that. So, you know, perhaps finding somebody that you, it's analogous to what we did in residency. Going through that process under, you know, that kind of degree of supervision, which again. Yep, it's very time intensive. But that's kind of the way that we develop that kind of level of competence. And so, you know, maybe where as for example in contrast, somebody who just says, I got this certification under no circumstance. Do I have that like unequivocally trusted your ability to do anything? If you've compared to the person who maybe I have mentored or say the person you have mentored, I can say, oh, I have a good idea of what they would do and I have, you know, full confidence in that. And so, you know, if you're looking to get started in the coaching game and, you know, you are training, you're in a public place, you're doing all these all these things that we've talked about so far. Maybe the final way to try to cap it off is some sort of kind of like, you know, finding somebody who maybe you like the way they do things or you aspire to their practice model. And seeing if you can intern with them or, or, you know, work under them in some fashion, which is something that we've done with, again, lots of people who we ultimately end up saying, hey, you're ready to go, let's hire you and bring you on. Yeah, exactly. We'll not necessarily for us, but whoever that may be to you and maybe in your activity of choice or your sport of choice or whatever the case is, I think that's how, you know, a lot of practical expertise gets developed much more effectively than taking a course or achieving a certification or something like that. Yeah. Because even like when we can't get out of medical school, we had been through all the classrooms stuff. We had the certification that is the MD, we didn't know what the hell to do with our first patient that we saw, right? Until we went through the process of that time intensive mentorship and guidance and correction and making mistakes and that kind of thing. Yeah. Yeah. I think that, I mean, I agree with you, that would be the best way to actually grow your skillset versus acquiring different certifications. I don't think there's any certification that I would recommend above another other than you need to probably have one to get yourself in job. And so you would make sure that that comes, that whatever certification you get is associated with some sort of insurance that you can opt into because that you just need that. But there's not a certification out there that grants you a skill set that I think is worth the cost of attended the price of attendance. So, for instance, getting a USAW like certification. Like, if you want to work with weight lifters, probably going to have to have that certification or at least have gone through their coaching system because, you know, that they tend to stay within their own groups. But it doesn't make you a great Olympic weight lifter or Olympic weight lifting coach. Getting the starting strength certification, it's sort of, you can coach to a reasonable standard like these handful lifts under a very specific model that is not, you know, universal and is not necessarily the only way to do those exercises. And so you're constrained. But like, you know, if you're not going to grow past that. Maybe that's fine. There's a big cost there. Getting a CSES doesn't make you like a college level strength conditioning coach. And so, and they're different costs associated with this. So since none of these are going to bring you enough business to like warrant. Getting one over another, I just don't care. So my recommendation is get the cheapest certification that you can get that is universally accepted. So CSES is actually like relatively inexpensive. If you have a college degree, the ACSM, HFS, again, is reasonably inexpensive and the test materials are reasonably inexpensive. And as you universally accepted, those would be my two like ones that I'd recommend if you're trying to work in a commercial gym setting. I, if you have to get a Nazum serve because that's the only one that gym accepts. Yeah, I would prefer not, but, you know, maybe find a different gym. But there are no like specialty search that I think are worthwhile to get as far as actually improving your knowledge base in a way that makes you a better coach. In other words, should you go through the process to obtain these certifications? You should not come out the other end under the impression that you are actually a certified strategy that you're in especially. Yeah, exactly. Like you just have a piece of paper that allows you to start your journey. Yeah. So people like, what about this one nutrition one, I'm like, nope, not that one either. Like what about this one kettlebell, like special note, not that one either. What about it's like no, no. They're all like minimum requirements for you to like get a piece of paper doesn't mean that you're qualified. The only nutrition thing that I know that, that qualifies you to be to work on some body nutrition is a registered database. Yeah, after you've done all your internship, yeah, the thousand hours is required. So, okay, move it along. We got two questions left. We'll go down the row, start with Tom quality or qualities or quality that you think is very important as a coach. I think I think there's probably two things. One is some level of technical expertise, whatever that means. Like you need to. You need to be able to see movement, cue movement or understand programming in some form of fashion. Like the kind of basic technical knowledge. But outside of that, I think that like being personable or being compassionate and being able to relate to a lot of people and to tailor your approach to whoever it is you're working with is as important and in some ways more important than like the straight up technical skill I've seen. I've seen people who are great lifters or who know a lot. Fail very badly when interacting with their lifters and I think you need to be able to relate to your lifter. I think I was probably thinking similar along some of the lines in addition to the expected level of knowledge based communication skills. This is kind of how I would summarize it and communication skills. Can you relate to your lifter like the example that Alan gave earlier with the back pain knowing how to respond and communicate and that sort of a situation to drive the boat in the right direction and not the wrong direction. I think that's a place of course itself requires a little bit of extra background knowledge just to what you should be doing and how this stuff works. Being able to kind of read social cues. Some people have a bit of difficulty with that. Reading if you are just completely missing all these red flags that your lifter is throwing up at you during the session and you're not able to respond to them and modify things accordingly if needed or provide reassurance. If no modification needs things like that where you can read reflect communicate really effectively to guide them along the path. Whatever that may be, whether it's training related or through about a rehab or you know if they enter a competition, the kind of communication that happened between like a coach and an athlete on a meat day or something like that. The communication skills are super super important and that's something that takes years, probably years to develop. Lots of mistakes, lots of like foot and mouth moments and may actually benefit from having that kind of mentorship that I described earlier where somebody was watching you interact or communicate with somebody and this is something like an medicine. I do with the residents that I work with and have them communicate with the patient. I'm like, you know, after all, it's just a step out. We'd be brief and here's how I would have said this. I would have said this a little differently. I could see on their face. They responded, you know, maybe scared them a little bit or maybe, you know, things like that. So I agree with Tom that the communication skills in some situations are probably even more important than knowing the raw, you know, science or technical data or something like that. Sure. Yep. I don't disagree with either of you. I just think as far as like how to acquire said things like I think the fun knowledge is really important and I think to acquire that. My general advice is find three sort of people or groups that you like, like, you can find very trustworthy, right, and the way that you an ascertain that is like, the credentialed. There's a track record like on par with like academia, like, you know, things that kind of give them sort of like, so like in the within their social groups are they value is like high, you know, quality content producers like they have all these sort of check marks like, okay, cool. They, you know, they're PhDs or their MDs or they're, you know, veteran coaches and all those, they have a bunch of social currency because they put out a bunch of good content and and they actually have content that's available for you to consume. And then you can get the three like things and pick three of them and read everything they put out and watch just do that because you're trying to get the latest fund of knowledge and you can't read everybody and you can't, you know, see every so the idea is that you're going to start somewhere start with three people. So that's like again, the fun knowledge I think is super important for the communications thing, I don't think you can like take a class on how to do that and be, you know, you can take classes on this, but you also have to do it and practice it and get feedback. And I think that's when you, you probably want to, the bigger things that happens when people start coaching and they do it for a long enough period of time, they develop their own coaching style, their own coaching voice, their own interview voice and style and stuff and they start kind of. Yeah, they're able to express the personality that they want to project a little more clearly and be able to be adaptable to different situations based on different clients needs, once, et cetera. But you just have to practice that and I think what happens now most of the times people go in, they're not necessarily rapidly expanding their fund of knowledge and they're not necessarily trying to become a better communicator outside of selling people on stuff. You know, it's like, hey, do you want to work out with me today? You know, buy this package, which I'm not, you have to ultimately end up selling your skillset because if you know, you could be the best, have the best fun to knowledge and all this other stuff, but if you have no clients, you're on a coach. So you end up having to ask for money at some point, like you never ask for money, never get paid. You know, giving you any difference in the same thing. I don't think I really have anything different. I think I would just sum it up by saying you have to be really, really committed to being an expert. Yeah, what about, yeah, for what about for women, though, anything different for women? Yes, you need other right hormones. Yes. Well, so, but yeah, but like for women for women, because this is a male dominated deal. Oh, I've been that like a huge question. Why does this coaching, why is coaching a male dominated? Well, number one, I just don't think there's enough women who pursue strength and condition themselves. So they might be why would we have women who are coaching? You're going to have less because there's less women. Right. And then it is a pretty, it's a pretty unique and at times difficult to go into if you are a woman and you can feel like you're out of, like you're out of your element really easily and I mean, I think. We're falling apart here. We're a man, we're just going to let him in. Yeah, right. Editing. I'll do a test. Yeah. Thanks, Ian, post. Yeah, that's famous last words. Okay, so we'll just go down along last question here. So one piece of advice you can give to somebody who wants to start coaching, what would it be? Austin. I'll probably echo this same advice we give to people when they want to come back from an injury. It's going to be too embrace the process, meaning that you need to accept that it's going to take a long time. You need to accept that you know, you're going to make a bunch of mistakes. You need to accept that even if you feel really confident about something, like you probably shouldn't be. And you know, we even at this stage in the game, we're changing things that we do on a regular basis. We're reading variously all the time, updating our thinking on things and are almost becoming less certain of things every day. Really, really, really, really. Yeah. And that's kind of just comes with the territory in terms of embracing the process of self-improvement, really, and anything. So that's what I would recommend. I think my recommendation would be to really accept the fact that it love that you are going to be a professional coach. Because it's kind of easy to just start training people. You're on the side. Yeah. Yeah. But if this is something you really want to do, it is not easy to get to that point where it is your profession. But you have to be very committed as far as learning and time and money and how you carry yourself and all that to being a professional coach. I agree. There are a lot of people doing a part time. I got two or three clients. I don't know if you want them as your coach, and I don't know if they're really serious about coaching. Right. Yeah. I mean, someone can enjoy that. That can be their little hobby. But if a coach is really what you want to be, it has to be serious. It probably would be what I just said. I don't know if they can. I feel like that was my answer to just know your target client. And again, that can be as specific as you want or as generals who'd like, you know, obviously, don't be so rigid in your approach and be able to, you know, I only want power look for the plus 500 works. It's not really beautiful. Just on the fly when helping someone. But yeah, understanding maybe is general. I was like, I'd like to teach people about string training. I think it's good to have that and kind of stick with that. And I'm, you know, not going to try my best to help a triathlete. I might refer them somewhere else. You know, so. I think you have to be willing to eat your own dog food. I think what? I think that part of coaching should be exposing yourself to the things that you ask of your clients. And I think it winds up informing your coaching practice and continuing to inform your coaching practice. If you are doing things. Obviously, you will have clients that need to do things that are different than what you do. But still being in touch with what it is to, if you are in barbell coach to do barbell training yourself. I think it is important. I think you guys have excellent answers. I think a lot of the content in here has been stuff that we wish that somebody told us early on in our coaching careers. The only thing I'm going to add because I haven't said it yet. And I do think this is really important part of actually building a coaching business. If you actually want to do this professionally, it is content generation. And so, when somebody comes to me about business related issue, they are like, my business isn't taking off my business. And then the first thing I'm saying, are you training your garage? Does anybody know that you are training? Does anybody know that you are an expert? If you know that you are a garage, go to the gym and talk to people. But the other part of that is content generation. What have you created for the community lately to demonstrate your expertise? But demonstrate your interests and things. And demonstrate your being a professional. Demonstrate your dog food to take it back to Tom. So it is like, I think content is king. And so you should be writing things. You should be making videos. You shouldn't mean start a podcast. Like if you don't have an idea. You don't have to start a podcast. But if that is your jam, go for it. But I think with writing stuff, for instance, if you have a topic, you are going to look up. I'm just going to learn things. So it is like self-exportation. Same thing if you made a video, you are like, I am like a video on carbohydrate. Carbohydrate intake. I don't know whatever. And you are like, oh, maybe I should learn something about this first. So I have content. And then you end up learning a bunch of stuff. You didn't know so content not only informs you, but also creates a service to the community. Also demonstrate your expertise, demonstrate your professionalism, demonstrate what you will Interested in. And so if you are not creating content yet and you want to be a coach or you are a coach and you are feeling like, what do I do now? I would spare time. Create stuff. Create content. Much content is you can create the better. So that is why. What did I, when we first recorded this, I told you my mantra, when I started doing this was like, I want to be prolific. Like, I want people to look back and say, when I was in medical school, like, you see all the articles that came out, all the videos, all the content. Like, to do was prolific. So that is like one of the motivating like, mantras when I am trying to create something wherever it is like, you know, if I were prolific, I would probably just finish this right now instead of watching another episode of Family Guy. Anyway, from the Barbell Medicine crew to you, thank you so much for watching. This has been a coaching podcast. If you catch it on YouTube, make sure you hit subscribe. Give it a like if you dug the video, leave a comment below that really helps us out. Also, if you're listening to us on iTunes, Stitcher, Spotify, wherever you get your podcast from, leave us a five star rating and a review. We read all of them. It's really helpful and helps other people discover our podcast. Thank you so much. Catch you guys next time. I think this is a fun question. And I like to ask Austin, he's fun questions first because on the spot, spirit. Yeah, what's your fear animal? It's awesome because they like swim. Fast, they're also like hairless like me. That's a funny fun. Thank you.