Music Question number two, how do you assess self-efficacy during your initial evaluation? Oh, this is a great question. Well, you just ask them what's your self-efficacy in it? No, this is usually like, huh? So, barring any proprietary methods like that pamphleter team, which I've never used personally. I just, you know, found it on the internet to torrent it, just to see what it was. Really interesting. But some of the questions are, can be useful or the styles of questions. So, admittedly, in barbell medicine, and so, that's what I do now. It's my full time job. This is not something I need to usually directly assess. Being like, to try to figure out, does this person have resources, skills, like, you know, to go out there, you know, you like, you like, to go out there, and, you know, try to take ownership of their own health and the role that they play in their own health. But, in residency, you know, a question I would often ask people is, you know, what do you view your role in all of this to be? So, if we're talking about a disease status or like a new diagnosis or there are long-term chronic disease, like, so what is your role in this, in this sort of process? It is a question, like, a loaded question because a person might be like, either I've never thought about it or it immediately, like, I don't feel great about that. But that's not necessarily a bad thing because if they feel sort of bad about it or responsible, that's what I want them to feel responsible for. I don't want to feel bad. I want them to feel like I do take responsibility for my own health and I feel like I'm in control. That's those are signs of self-efficacy. If someone were to say, I don't feel like I play any role in this, I don't have any responsibility. That's the opposite. That's low self-efficacy. And so assessing what resources skills, tools, somebody else has available to them is a whole, another line of questions. And so going in with more open-ended questions specific to the sort of behavioral change you're targeting. So if it's exercise, be like, okay, what sort of exercise would you like to do, what sort of strategies do you have to become more physically active, what sort of access do you have? And sort of then you're starting to assess like how far people have gone on their own. And that, again, gives you a clue how much self-efficacy to the half. If someone was super motivated, ready to change their behavior, and had a high level self-efficacy, I probably wouldn't be seeing them for to change their physical activity patterns because they'd already done it. Right? So I'm trying to find the hang-up. Right? Where do I need to come in and either provide if it's knowledge, okay? If it's additional strategies, okay? If it's additional resources, okay? It just, you're trying to kind of work down that rabbit hole to figure out where you come in, rather than starting from the beginning and not going through any of that and saying, here's the plan. Yeah, assessing self-efficacy. I think emerges naturally just from having a conversation with somebody. I presented during the pain lecture a bunch of examples of the kind of open-ended questions that will ask people during this evaluation for almost anything, whether it's medical, pain related, et cetera. You know, what do you think is going on, what are your biggest concerns, have you dealt with this before, what did you do then, what do you know, what do you think is going on, et cetera. And through all that, just listening to their answers, you can get a feel for where somebody said is that was something. There are certain validated questionnaires for self-efficacy and certain context. There's, for example, a pain self-efficacy questionnaire, PSEQ. But once you start down that rabbit hole, it is easy to get way too excited about questionnaires. You can use questionnaires and scales to evaluate everything. There's a Tampa scale for Canisia, FObia, there's a catastrophizing scale, there's a pain self-efficacy questionnaire, there's questionnaires for literally everything you can think of backpack and, you know, all the, there's way too many of them. And eventually your whole encounter with somebody is them filling out questions. So I think that's something that probably more useful in my opinion for research purposes to actually measure things like differences in self-efficacy over the course of a particular intervention. If that's what the study wanted to look at in real world practice, I don't think you need a questionnaire to do that. I think you need to, you know, be a human and interact with another human and have a conversation and get a sense of where they're at, where they're coming from. The downside is that takes time, right? And so you need to be in a clinical environment where you actually have the time to do that. So that can be tricky. Where's the AI self-efficacy? Yeah.