Music Welcome back to the Barbell Medicine YouTube channel. I'm Dr. Jordan Fagginbaum. We have Dr. Awesome Rocky in the studio live in the flesh. That's real. He's in town this week and we decided to answer some questions from the internet. Alright next question, what's the low down on CNS fatigue? It's like a, it's a sign-fil-thing. What's the deal with CNS fatigue? Worst bit ever. That's well. Worst or best. Is it even possible for a novice or early intermediate to obtain CNS fatigue? Yes. Or is general fatigue not the same thing as central fatigue? Due to poor recovery, sleep hydration, nutrition, often mistaken as CNS fatigue. They're not, I mean, you can have them set, you know, one influences the others. I don't know that I would differentiate the two. So let's just say what fatigue is, particularly with respect to exercise, the way we explain fatigue is like the negative psychological and physiological outcomes of physical activity that ultimately reduce your performance potential and those are going up against the positive sort of psychological and physiological outcomes from physical activity which would be fitness adaptations and that balance effectively gives you your performance potential on a given day. CNS fatigue, central fatigue, as it's more appropriately discussed in the literature, is effectively things that are current at the level of the brain and spinal cord that modulate force production. So one way to test for if you have central fatigue is experimentally. Experiment yet. You don't actually do. Yeah, look, man, if you got a battery and small electronics, don't do this at home. Yeah, we gotta say that. So effectively you have people go to failure on like late extensions, for example and then you have that you stick these electrodes in their quads and then you shock them and see like can they actually produce more force? And if so, that person had central fatigue effectively the brain and spinal cord through a bunch of different processes are tamping down the amount of force production that the muscles actually have access to. It's got like this protective mechanism kind of thing in a very simplified, very simplified sort of way. On the other hand, if you put the those electrodes in, you shock them and no additional force production has occurred. Effectively central fatigue is not the limiting factor, but peripheral fatigue is a limiting factor. So the muscles are tapped out. Yeah, so either muscles are damaged, there's a accumulation of stuff that's prevented from contract, depletion of energy substrates, also to stuff. All right, so that's the load out on like what central fatigue is and as far as is it possible for a person who's relatively new to training to have central fatigue? Yes, it's possible for everyone. And in fact, I would argue that any type of physical activity has some cost associated with it. Now, it might be minimal compared to the fitness adaptations that you're getting. It might be minimal compared to your previous level of training and it might you might not notice it particularly if you're not testing yourself or requiring yourself to perform at a certain level. But it's still there. It'd be very difficult to engage in any physical activity that like is somewhat challenging at any level and not have central fatigue as far as how long that lasts. And the effect it has on subsequent days performance depends on what physical activity and what series of physical activities you've been doing and how well trained you are, how you can dissipate, how you can tolerate that. The last part I'll just address before us in just outwokes me on this is could you have a higher level of central fatigue due to lack of sleep, reduced hydration or impaired nutrition status? Those things are all integrated at cortical, so cerebral cortex level areas of the brain and also sub-portugal levels. So yes, to basically the brain's taking into consideration all of these inputs, integrating them together and saying, hey, here's your performance potential that's again very simplified view of how we conceptualize this sort of fatigue, performance potential fitness adaptation interplay. But yeah, if you're not, if you're, you know, haven't slept well and if you're actually dehydrated or and not you, volmic and if you are fasted or other stuff like that or your blood sugar is low or your muscle glycogen levels are low, sure. Yeah, you're going to have likely to have an impaired performance, but you probably can't predict those things on the front end of a training session either. What I'm getting is that thinking about these, like you just heard me say all those things, you're like, well, I didn't only slept seven hours and I didn't have my normal two liters of water today and then like my meal is normally time 90 minutes exactly before I start working out enough, 120 minutes. So I think we think those things are going to be a good day today as far as like their overall impact on your like performance level and I wouldn't expect them to have a substantial impact unless there's a substantial change in them that again, ultimately, manifests as like last week with food poisoning. Yeah, turns out you don't need to eat, don't need to eat. I didn't eat for like two and a half days. I managed to keep some fluids down, but not much and sleep was impaired and you know, my performance was still higher than the week prior all that day and then a few sessions later, everything was back to normal, but then I actually happened to feel worse in the gym that day and it was like, you know, it doesn't make sense. Yeah, it doesn't make sense if you assume that all these variables are like very linearly and predictably related to things. Sure, and also don't consider the other complexities of performance that likely outweigh these. Yeah, yeah, the way I would kind of comment this question is, you know, breaking things down, for example, into like central fatigue, peripheral fatigue and all these different variables, that reflects the way that humans go about trying to understand things, which is reductionism. Right? Sure. Yeah. So, you know, we try to break things down into their component parts, understand all their individual component parts, and then, you know, in theory, we try to just like mash it all back together and to say, I get it. Gotcha. And then that almost never works. In terms of giving you such a good understanding that you can use it for predictive, prognostic purposes, right? It's useful for us to understand these concepts of central and peripheral fatigue and things like that. But for from a practical standpoint, for a trainee, like the person who presumably wrote this question, and they're like, is it possible for a novice or intermediate to obtain CNS fatigue, as if it's like something they should be worried about? I view fatigue kind of like pain, kind of like hunger, kind of like a bunch of other things. It's this experience, right? Fatigue is an experience that we all have. And it's not super useful to break it down into these component parts in the same way that like if I have, if I experience some pain, and my question is going to be like, am I having like, you know, central pain, am I having central sense of pain? Am I having no susceptive pain right now? Am I, you know, it's not that useful because our approach is going to be similar in terms of, you know, managing the energy, paying situations for most people in this situation in terms of fatigue, you know, say you've go in and your performance is not where you want it to be. And you're like, oh god, is this central fatigue? Is this, no, it's like, I'm just going to ideally, auto regulate, adjust my loads for the day, get the training dose that I want to get out of the session and move on with my life. So I don't think it's worth, I have literally never in the course of a training session thought about, do I have for, yes, is my CNS for I today? It's just like, no, my performance is just down today. And for whatever reason, just be like that. Yeah, no, I think, I mean, that's, I like that perspective and then I think the only utility in doing the reductionist thing is because a lot of people will talk about CNS fatigue. Yeah. And so it's like, I will now you know at home what it is and like, it's good for understanding sure not so much for application day to day in training. Yeah, people. Yeah, when people say my CNS is fried that there's, there's a lot of undoing that you'd have to it. Yeah. I would rather you just say, I'm tired. I'm tired. Yeah. I'm not feeling it today. Yeah. It's like I played golf today, right? And I've been having, I've been playing the golf of my life recently. And so at some point it was bound to stop. Yes. It's just, it do be like that. And that's today. That was today. I didn't play poorly, but it just, you know, there's some inherent luck there. Yeah. There's a lot of time between when the ball leaves the club face and lands and you're not a control of any of that. Yeah. You know, didn't go my way. But the whole thing was like, I wasn't trying to wait, what's going on here? Like, do I am I tired? Am I, we're right this time? And while you're still going to go, just play. Yeah. Similar to, you know, when we talk about pain, somebody has back pain, they're like, oh, is it my facet? Is it my disc? Is it my ligament? Is it my QL? Is it my so-a? Is it what? It's like, yeah. Not worth worrying about. Yes, I'm glad. Some days it do be like that. Yeah.