What are the most quick and effective analogies you've used to explain pain to patients? The first caveat that I would say here is I typically don't go into these encounters with the aim of explaining pain to a patient. The patient knows what pain is, what it feels like. They're coming to me telling me this hurts. I don't have to tell them what it means to hurt or what hurt is. Rather, I'm there to help them make sense of their experience to understand what it means, what it doesn't mean and what they can do about it if anything. Usually, there are a lot of things that can be done about it. So I think that we need to be cautious about, because, you know, and most of us when we learn a lot of this kind of new-fangled pain stuff that's actually been around for a few decades at this point, you get excited to just kind of like, you know, burst into the exam room and start, you know, telling your patient how it is. It's like the cool kid guy. Oh yeah. Here's what you're feeling in your back and they're like, what? Yeah. Right. So I think first and foremost, in all of these encounters where I'm having these kind of conversations with patients, I'm generally asking them to tell me about what they're experiencing and then I just shut up and let them tell me. And I even do the same thing outside of Musco-Scale pain related issues when I'm in the hospital and the ER, somebody might be coming in with something else that I actually need to admit them to the hospital for and I'm not there to necessarily kick in the door and tell them what's going on. I said, tell me what's going on and I just zip it and let them talk. At some point, I need to start getting more involved in the conversation, but anytime I find myself talking more than the patient is, that's a red flag to me that something's not right. And I tell my residents and students that, particularly when they get to talk into too much, you should be probably talking a little bit less. I want to hear more from them. With that said, once it gets to the point where I've assessed the patients understanding of what this pain means, then that may be a place where I can kind of confront some of those beliefs and aim to redirect those a little bit. So if their belief is, yeah, I have this pain in my back when I've been over and I think it, you know, every time I have that pain, it means that my joints are grinding away against one another and that's why I'm having pain. Well, that's something that I probably need to correct. I need to nudge that in a different direction. Otherwise, when I ask them to go and bend over and exercise, to pick up a load off the floor or something like that, then that's a situation where that interpretation where they're like, oh, no, my joints are grinding together. I can't do this. This is unsafe. I can't time I should use camp at my sock on. So I have to alter that meaning, that understanding that they have. So a simple kind of metaphor that you'll hear used a lot in this world is just kind of the idea of pain as an alarm system. That's one where it's very easy to discuss it. Patients can understand that fairly readily. You can also build in the concepts of kind of sensitivity to that, into that discussion and kind of help to alter their understanding of what pain means to guide them on the right path. But I just caution people not to jump to that sort of aggressive over-explaining to soon to early before you've listened to the person and gotten a sense of where they're coming from. Yeah. I think people are trying to have deeper discussions with patients or even other people about pain. The analogy that I like that I think makes the most sense to me as far as the complexity of what's actually going on is that pain is an experience similar to hunger. Like hunger is an experience and that there are many different inputs into why you become hungry and why you have pain. So for example, you don't always just hungry when your body is low on energy or needs calories. So it's not just biological, but there are social inputs. If you see people around you eating, you smell that tasty donut, you see food for example, you might become hungry. There are psychological things that go on that affect your dietary intake or you want to eat or not and that's similar to pain that they're all these sort of different inputs that get integrated into that experience. And so when people start to understand the complexity, then you can further explain this. If people need it, but you don't need to have this in-depth discussion with somebody about pain until you've figured out what their story is and why they're there, why they're not ready to eat it. Well, yeah, exactly. It's not everybody's ready to eat it. So if your friend says, yeah, man, I threw my back out this morning, I'm not going to make it to the gym or whatever. Yeah, so let me tell you about pain. Pain's like hunger, you see. And sometimes you just got to let the big dog eat. It's like, wait, what? It's like, I don't know, I went to a seminar. That's what I took home. It's not what we said. Okay. Yeah. So in general, I kind of wait for somebody to ask me to weigh in on these things before I actually weigh in on them.