Alright, so this is the Barbell Medicine Deadlift Forma from a Deadlift workout that Dr. Austin Baraki and I did not too long ago. So Austin's getting ready for deficit deadlifts. I'm getting ready for tempo deadlifts, but we're both going to start with empty barbell deadlifts. This is kind of like a Romanian deadlift, which typically starts at the top and you trace the bar down your legs to a little bit below the kneecap. Usually a few inches. I'd like to think of these as extended range of motion RDLs. You're going to go a little bit further to where the barbell would start if it had plates on it. Now, it typically recommend 2 to 6 sets of 5-8 reps. The idea is you're trying to actually make the muscle warmer and increase the temperature and also get mentally prepared for the task at hand, which in this case is deadlifting. So some external cues that I like is to feel the steel of the barbell, drag the bar up and down the legs, keep it in context. You should feel the steel. And some internal cues that I like are to initiate the movement downwards by pushing the hips back and then also do stand tall at the top. We're not paying much attention here to what the back is doing. Am I in flexion? Am I in extension? Is this quote unquote neutral spine? The reality of it is no matter how you set up, no matter how you deadlift, the spine is going to actively flex when the bar leaves the floor. Now, if you have a lot of flexion or a lot of other spinal movement or some other technique that you'd like to correct to improve efficiency, you can work on those during the empty barbell sets. And then also, obviously, as you're warming up, your work sets should be just C bar, lift bar, because at that point your technique should be relatively dialed for that day. So we did a few sets, about three sets with the empty barbell and go straight to 135. And you can see myself doing tempo work. So I deadlift the weight and set it down under control, because I'm trying to extend the eccentric portion of the lift for this tempo deadlift. Austin is going to switch to deficit poles. So he's using two mats here to space himself up on the ground and crease their engine motion. And you can see he is an active spinal flexion. And we'll discuss that a little bit later, but this isn't really a problem. If you don't make it to the end of the video, he's just actively trying to adapt to that to make a spine more resilient. Now Austin's best pole is 720 pounds, my best pole is 738 pounds. So we typically take plate jumps all the way up to either the midfives or even up to 600 or higher just depends on the day. So we went right to 225. I'm doing doubles. Austin's actually going to work up to a heavy single, but at this point he's still doing reps to try to get warm. So that was 225. This is 315. And again, I'm personally and working on controlling the eccentric. That's the lift for the day. And I'm using those same external cues dragging them all up and down my legs, keeping in contact, feeling the steel. And then initiating the movement downwards, if I push my hips back. Now since Austin is doing a normal tempo, so not extending the eccentric, you can see his lifting velocity is much faster on the eccentric. And I'm still trying to actually move the weight concentrically as quickly as possible. So that's one thing. We really try to coach folks is during the concentric. So on the upwards phase of the deadlift, the upwards phase of the squat, upwards phase of the bench press, or press, trying to move the weight as quickly as possible, obviously while retaining control of the barbell. So again, we jumped from 135 to 225 to 315 to 405 now for 95. Still not using the belt. Austin's actually going to stay beltless during this whole session. Me, I typically don't put my belt on until I get into the mid-fives or over 600 again. It just depends on the jumps I'm taking that day. This is 565. Nice little pull. There, this is 585. And again, extending the eccentric, trying to set the bar down very slowly. And typically, my second rep ends up being slower on the way down because I kind of get into the groove, but we're only doing doubles here. So we'll try to clean up that first rep. Now this is 600 pounds. This is Austin's top single, I believe, from the day. Again, beltless, off a deficit. And yeah, he was in some spinal flexion, but you can tolerate it just fine. And this is my top set, 660, first set of two. Again, trying to move away as quickly as possible during the concentric, even though I know I have to slow it down on the way down. So not as easy to do when you know you have to go slow. So the first rep was probably a little too fast for my preferences on a tempo deadlift, but now I get to go real slow. And that's pretty much our deadlift workout and warm up. Six, six, seven, seven, seven. What's going on? So we basically just did our little deadlift warm up. What we did to deadlift workout. Whole things, basically the same. What are you thinking about when you're warming up on a deadlift? Uh, not really a whole lot to the honest. Right. I mean, I think we've both been deadlifting long enough that it doesn't take a lot of active thought. I think that one thing I do pay attention to, basically from the empty bar on up, is basically like outfields in my hands. Basically at a point where I can kind of get a feel for am I strong today or not as strong today based on how heavy a certain weight feels. Yeah, sure like the velocity of which a reference weight kind of moves probably. But even like when I pick up the empty bar to warm up, if I'm having like a day where I'm like super beat down and very tired, can kind of tell the bar feel a little bit heavier. I don't necessarily base a conclusion on that and say it's going to be a bad day, but I do take that into account and say, I need to pay attention to how 70 kilos, 120 kilos, whatever each jump that I take, how it feels in terms of. Because it heavier than this normal feels, it's lighter than this one with feels, it's about right. And then that helps me kind of calibrate and narrow down my ultimate weight selection for my top. Yeah. Yeah, I don't want people to percevereate like on the, how does the weight feel like what am I going to do? But yeah, you're just using it the whole way up to kind of figure out like to converge upon your working sets for the day. Yeah, and it's something that I don't necessarily put a ton of active thought into. It's just something that I like can ignore. So I'm not thinking about my technique at this point anymore. It just kind of happens. I'm like, oh, you know, things feel really fast today. And when it feels light, I definitely like hype that up in my own mind. And when it feels not great, I'm like, let's see how the next jump feels. Yeah, so I kind of play a little confirmation by myself. You need a direction. Just to give myself the best shot on that day of having a good session. Are you worried about your back flexing during a warm up? Because you're not as mobile as you would after some, you know, I'm not. I know my back is flexing all the time. Regardless, whether it looks flat or not. And yeah, it's not really huge. I'd rather I'd rather a dad to decent degree of spinal flexion. So it's more resilient. I can tolerate that position better, even under heavier loads, which it does. Yeah, I would also for beginners. I would make a stronger case for them doing less warmups. Because they're more easily fatigable than trained lifters. So if they did a bunch of extra stuff, they'd probably be worse under the barbell. Just because warm up volume counts as training volume. Yeah. So there's something coming from that. I see it's got where the rain is covered on the run. I see it trembling all too.