Music Welcome back to the Barbell Medicine YouTube channel. I'm Dr. Jordan Fagginbaum. We have Dr. Awesome Rocky in the studio live in the flesh. That's real. He's in town this week and we decided to answer some questions from the internet. Next question, how to pick a particular technique for exercise. So this question was a long example about how there might be different. In the optimal position to activate more muscle mass, I could pick a particular technique for a given exercise. Again, to make this more generalizable, I go back to that reps model. So you're trying to pick a particular movement pattern or a style for an individual to perform an exercise and it should be repeatable, meaning that they can do it over and over again. Yes, there's a rep to rep variability. We accept that. Probably even better than trying to do it with this rigidly perfectionist kind of tendency. But they can repeat it, meaning that the reps look somewhat similar. So they're not doing two different exercises, you know, rep to rep. It's efficient. People will tend to self-organize into like an efficient way for them to move. This is most well studied in running, where people will pick this a gate and stride length and everything else that suits, seems to suit their body, their mechanics or strengths, et cetera. But otherwise you'd pick a style for a resistance training that you are efficient in meaning that there's not a lot of extraneous movement where you're applying force in directions that don't help you lift the weight. And it meets all the points of performance for that movement. So whatever arbitrary sort of points you'd like to make. So for the squat, let's say you want to squat below parallel. You've made that determination. You don't want to do it at a slow tempo. You want to move the thing as quickly as possible. You want to do it with the bar on your back. You don't want the bar to move. All of these things are, you know, you're determining their importance. So they are quite arbitrary, unless there's a competition specific standard. But in powerlifting, for example, the only thing is you've got to walk the way down under control. You've got to get the squat command with lock knees. You have to squat below parallel and wait for the recommend. If the barbell happens to move up your back, can confirm they will still give you white lights for that. So again, points of performance are somewhat arbitrarily defined. Now that's just from a strength perspective. If there could be high-purchasing specific points of performance that you want to include, if it's a conditioning mode, all sorts of stuff, right? But in any case, those are the things I think about when actually picking or trying to move to somebody's technique towards what I would consider better versus worse. And so again, that's the rep model that I use. So I don't know the, I think that's like my, it's like kind of where I like approach this. And then just basically looking at the individuals movement and having a conversation with them about the points of performance that either are determined by the sport that they're participating in or what they're giving a bunch of credence to based on their own preferences. And then, yeah, coaching. I mean, you're just, you're looking at it into the extent that you are reliably able to discern lapses in efficiency or efficiency errors. And then if somebody's not me, certain point of performance, yeah, trying to correct those. But that's how I'm picking a particular exercise style. What I would add to that is that, you know, the technique that somebody uses to execute a movement is also likely to vary over time. We talked about this in our last one a little bit as well. And so that does a few things. It helps us get away from perfectionism, particularly upfront, recognizing that this is going to be a process. The other thing is that it helps us get away from trying to predict in advance like what my individual, you know, preferred styles going to be on day one. I think that there are some basic, what you're calling points of performance to borrow some terminology. Sure. From folks, so like the most basic one on the squad is like, I would prefer that people stay balanced throughout the whole movement of the squad. I prefer they not be way back on their heels and then rocking up onto the toes. And that's like a super basic example of something, right? It helps to be repeatable and efficient. Yeah. And that's exactly it. There are a whole bunch of other things that I might look for like to see, you know, somebody do or not, again, depending on the goal of the movement. So if they want to go to, you know, a parallelity meet, then those standards what I'm looking for might change, even within a parallelity meet. Sure. They're telling me I'm going to go to SPF. I'm like, you're good. Yeah, yeah, you're good. Yeah, you're good. Yeah, you're good. Yeah, you're good. Yeah, you're good. Yeah. But like you said, you know, hypertrophy might come with different considerations, as far as you want to make sure that the target muscle that you're wanting to grow bigger is, getting receiving as much stimulus as it can. You want to be taking it through sufficient range of motion, although there's even evidence for some partial range of motion. I've heard three benefits too. So this stuff does get complicated rather quickly. I think that there should be, you know, a degree of comfort. It should be able to meet the task demands, the task goals, whether it be for competition or for health or something like that. All these things are kind of dynamic. And they're just recognizing that it's an evolution. It's a process over time. There's tons of experimentation. You'll see some people out there who train and perform at very high levels who have technique that you might view and say, man, that doesn't look like what I've been taught is optimal. Sure. Yeah. People high-barring in-pile, if you meet some setting-world records, don't they know that if they just move the bar down, that they, it's like, you know, that's a complicated process. And so I wouldn't necessarily impose these rigid kind of ideas on people up front, rather pick a few basic things to target things like balance in the squat, for example. Bounce in the deadlift is another one that you can work on, bar path in the bench press is probably like one of the big ones that we tend to emphasize early on. And then there's a whole lot of experimentation from that point forward. Some people in the bench are going to gravitate towards a wider grip. Some towards a narrower grip. The squat, some are going to gravitate towards a wider stance, a narrower stance, knees more forward, knees more back, more bent over. And it's not all something that is exclusively determined by their segment lengths because there are people who are going to think that is more to it than jump. That's a piece of it. There's more to it than that too in terms of what ends up being people's preferred style that they can train most consistently and use for adaptation and do the best with over time. Yeah, that's another reason why we like having a fairly high amount of exercise variation within our programming, particularly for those who are relatively new to training or very far out from a competition because it's like, you don't need to decide right now. Like this is the style, this is the specific type of squat or deadlift, a band that you're doing. And by exposing you to different ones, we're working on that efficiency and you're awareness of your body in space and we're working on exposing you to maybe different ways to move that you might say, that one was good. Yeah, I like that right now. Yeah. Five years from now, you might not like that. Cool.