How can we do a better job of framing exercise and diet in a positive life for our youth? For example, it's somewhat common practice for parents to not let their children leave the dinner table until they've finished all their vegetables. Another example of this would be coaches making their athletes run as a form of punishment. These experiences may frame healthy eating and exercise as a way that is synonymous with suffering and discomfort. How can we improve these psychosocial variables? Nice. Early and or address them with adults that have already met these experiences. Or lived these experiences. Excuse me. I picked some hard ones this time. It's just that I don't necessarily agree with the premises. So for example, I don't know that one may necessarily associate this with a form of punishment. He might but depends on other stuff. I don't know, was your parent yelling you don't run? Or like, hey, let's go run around the house. Let's go do a lap. Maybe that's your suggestion. The way that the recommendation or the way it's framed. Yes, it does. Exactly. So for example, I'm not pretending to give anybody a parent-day advice. There's a few people. Peter of us should do that. Parent-day advice, relationship advice. Look, I'm not your doctor for that. I think so one, I always think that the parents leading by example probably makes for a better environment, especially for making recommendations or suggestions to their kids because mom and dad are already doing it. So you should do it too. And then also if you're going, if you're needing to modify some of the behaviors that the child is engaged in, especially with respect to the diet or activity, the way that you're recommending them should be ideally into a form of positive way or affirming way rather than do this in a negative light because I think there are too many risks there with potentially future psychological distress around those actions. But trying to get kids to eat vegetables, for example. So one, as a family should be eating vegetables regularly and involve the kid in preparing the vegetables and picking the vegetables and how to, you know, which way will shell you prepare them? All that stuff is useful because then the kids got a buy into these vegetables like, look, I help make these and then they're probably going to eat them. With respect to being active, like, hey, do you want most, especially, I know the parents I know that train, if they train at home, their kids want to come out into the gym and play around with mom and dad who are lifting in the gym. So exposing them rather early on can't be a positive experience rather than say, hey, get out of my hair, go run around the house. Not saying that that's how people do it, but I think that leading by example and then also involving the kid in the process, like whatever process can be useful because then they have a bigger buy in. Oh, you just got a home gym, rebuild the home gym, like, yeah, let's set it up together. You know, we're sure this goes. All the stuff that's sort of stuff can be can be useful as far as adults that have already had these experiences. I think you're going to sus that out during this, like, the sort of interview process, you know, when you're taking into client, asking them, you know, what sort of barriers do they have or feelings or thoughts do they have about changing the dietary patterns. And if something specific comes up, that's where you're going to get there. But I don't routinely see that to be honest. I have, you know, the closest I get is people say, I don't like vegetables. Yeah. And then when I explore that, it's usually due to, like, I don't like the way they taste. I don't, you know, and then I'm not really sure how to prepare them in a way that tastes tasty. Let me just go down and kind of try things. If I could give advice to parents who have kids, it'd be to get them to be an active and is many different ways as possible. And the best way to do that is not only giving them choices and opportunities, but also leading by example. So if mom and dad lift or otherwise are active, like, they have slightly likely the kids going to want to join in on that, it's just the normal thing to do. Yeah. I don't have a ton to add to that. I mean, that's kind of why I included this question as mainly to convey the message of leading by example is going to be kind of the main thing that I would suggest here. For adults who have already been through this, refer back to the standard behavior change talk that we did, all the same things, what do I there as far as how you work with people to change their behaviors? That's the idea. Did you add live? No. You know where my dad and my mom met at the gym? Yep. My mom was in a robix instructor. My dad was playing racquetball. And apparently, short shorts meets short shorts. Nice. Yeah, that's how I came to be.