Music Welcome back to the Barbell Medicine YouTube channel. I'm Dr. Jordan Fagginbaum. We have Dr. Awesome Rocky in the studio live in the flesh. That's real. He's in town this week and we decided to answer some questions from the internet. This is for the old Misk forums from Bodybuilding.com. Is bulky and cutting the best method for long-term hypertrophy? I just don't know how you're going to get around it. Is the deal. So when you go look at actual scientific evidence on this in-body builders or people who identify as bodybuilders because not like they've all competed. Which is also weird like in the literature. They they they they they set out of flyer like are you a body builder you want to sign up for this study and it's like how do you make sure like show me your NPC that people will gain more lean body mass when they gain more weight. So the more weight you gain and to give in time frame they tend to gain more lean body mass. They also gain more fat mass during that time too. So and there's a huge inter-initual variation with how much lean body mass that people are going to gain and how much fat mass that people are going to gain too. So you know you could have even twins like groups of twins fed the same amount of calorie surplus and one group of twins that are identical are going to gain way more lean body mass compared to the other group of twins. If you want to get bigger and gain more muscle mass I don't see a way around like you're going to have to go into a calorie surplus at some point and then likely you're going to have to go two periods of time where you're reducing fat mass as far as what's the best like stair step model versus like a you know bulk then cut and then maintenance. I don't know that I have hard feelings on that. I do tend to prefer having weight stabilization periods at every step of the game. So when people gain weight they gain a significant amount of muscle mass. I want them to like maintain that weight and then when people lose weight, lose body fat. I want them to maintain that little weight. This weight stabilization period for a couple of weeks before they you know do anything with their calories. You might set yourself up for failure if you do not have these weight stabilization phase. Particularly after weight loss people are like I just lost weight. I'm prime. I'm super animal. I'm going to gain all the lean body mass quickly and it's like actually the biggest signal that your body has physiologically is to restore fat mass. Like so yeah you're the most animal I can ever be but for fat mass not for muscle. Not the cool kind. Not the cool kind. Yeah. So that's the approach I tend to do with the understanding that gaining a lot of lean body mass is going to take a long time. It should be a slow process. That's why like when people like how much of a surplus do I need to be and I'm like it's got small 250 calories, maybe 500 calories and then it's going to take up long time for you to do this anyway and gaining weight rapidly is a good way to gain a lot of fat mass rapidly unless you have great genetics. Right. So and gaining fat mass rapidly is probably not the move, particularly from a health standpoint. So yeah I don't know what the best method is for long term hyper-feet if it's like again just cycling but bulking and cutting but I do like the weight stabilization phases and I like making sure that people are the good candidates for either goal. So if you're already carrying too much fat mass is the bulk. Right. Yeah if your BMI is 30 year above, do not pass go, do not collect $100. Don't bulk. If your weights are conference is approaching that sort of cut point where you have an increased rate of obesity related diseases which there's a specific to your ethnicity. It's about 37 inches for guys for example. Do not don't bulk and in fact you probably should lose weight then probably better. Anything else you want to add to that? Yeah I agree with the fact that with the idea that you're probably not going to be able to get around it I think that there's similarly there to the extent that there may even be a best way to go about it. Right. It is probably going to vary between people like the super freaky genetic people. There may be a better strategy for them and then for people at the other end you know might be in the other direction. The problem is that like you said this is a very very long process and so we don't have any trials comparing bulking cutting group to like people who just steadily maintain like a hundred to 200 calorie surplus for like decades and see who gets more jacked like 20 years later. So we can't necessarily know or predict that but life is going to you know probably like in I've never deliberately like aggressively bulked or cut I have like gradually gained weight primarily for strength performance not necessarily with any hypertrophy you know goals myself but then like you know hospital work gets tough and I unintentionally cut because shit happens and so I've kind of effectively ended up in that situation just as a result of life but yeah it's all I've had. Yeah like that.