I welcome back to Instagram Live. I'm Dr. George Fagman with Barbol Medicine. I was saying, so I lose brain cells when you don't close long. I lose brain cells when I don't close long. If doing leg extension machine bad for your needs, nope. I'm Dr. George Fagman with Barbol Medicine. Welcome back to Instagram Live. We're YouTube. If you're watching this in the future, I'm Dr. George Fagman of Barbol Medicine. It is Monday, November 18th. We're doing Instagram Live. I'm trying to get in the habit of doing these more often. And then subsequently posting them on YouTube if there's good stuff there. So as you know, black Friday's coming. We've got some black Friday deals that you guys and gals are going to like. So be able to look out for information about that. If you're subscribed to our newsletter, you're going to get first dibs on that. If you're not subscribed to our newsletter, you should do that. Because we have a spicy new newsletter going out. I believe it's scheduled to send tomorrow. Also have some new content coming up with Alan Flanagan on our podcast. And then in a long form article that I wrote about the science of Red Meat intake. What we're doing here is a Q&A question and answer. So use them at questions. Ideally, I'll try to answer them to the best of my ability. And we'll just have a conversation. All right. We're going to try to find some questions. So I can provide some answers. Oh, last announcement. If you're really hankering for some new Barbol Medicine gear, we've got the baseball teas, RN stock, the competition teas, RN stock and our singlets are on pre order right now, SPD and Bartle Medicine partnered up together to bring you some sweet, sweet Barbol Medicine singlets which are indeed IPF and USAPL legal. Because yeah, every year I pay to make sure that our logo is approved. So check those things out over on the website. All right, back to the questions. Let's go. Sub-dude house training going. So yeah, actually, this probably is the last week of this developmental block. It was about four weeks, which is a normal amount of time for me. So developmental block is effectively really trying to develop strength and then ideally, either transfer it to a more specific block afterwards to like display, be able to display very specific strength performances for a power-liftered baseball bench deadlift. Or are you entering another developmental block? You can do either one that's just broad strokes kind of thing. So yeah, training is going reasonably well. It's time for me to do a pivot and then go back to another developmental block because I need to pick another meat so that I can actually compete with you. So yeah, plan is to go up a weight class, 105, and USAPL run nationals. Next year, it was a really cool experience going to USAPL national Ron Eschinals this year in Lambert, Illinois. If you haven't checked our blog yet, do that. Had a blast. Level of competition was amazing. The venue was really, really decked out, SPD and Rogue and USAPL and people they work with to put on the whole deal. They all did great and the atmosphere was great. So I'd like to be a part of it next year. And yeah, so we'll see. That's the big plan. I don't know if that's the first time I ever talked about that, but that's what's going on. So yeah, training is going well. I think again, this today and this week actually is going to be the last week of this developmental block. And then see what the future holds for the next next training block. Jordan, I got cycling shoes and I've kept my Rogue Echo bike the same height and have knee pain. They are Clippins. What should I do? So I think what you're asking me is that since you've switched to Clippin pedals on your Rogue Echo bike, you have knee pain. I don't necessarily know that they're related. I'd be more curious about what the rest of your training looks like and then how much volume or which would be duration and also what the intensity is of your cycling. So the first question would be, is there any cycling that you can do on the Rogue Echo bike or on a regular bicycle that doesn't hurt? If so, what are the characteristics that are different between that and when you do have pain? Then I'd be looking at your total training load and the context of your environmental stress. And this all reports are as in the context rather of you actually having very significant knee pain. And if it's a three on a scale of one a 10, I don't know that I care. And then final thing just off the cuff without knowing anything more about you would be when was the last time you were able to do that activity without knee pain and then kind of what's changed since then. So most of the time knee pain when with respect to cycling is generally due to end actually with resistance training is usually a load management problem. I mean load when I say load I don't mean weight. That's part of the external load, external load would be objective metrics things like load range of motion, velocity, total volume, etc. What I mean is internal load. So internal load is the load that's actually placed upon the lifter or the individual which is the external load that's filtered through the individual characteristics of the person. So their previous training, their preparedness to train, their motivation to train, their expectations about what the training is going to feel like and what it's going to do to them. Environmental stress which is not just like humidity, temperature, wind, whatever would like, what's going on in your life, all these things, genetics, again it sort of filters the external load to determine the internal load which is ultimately what gets transmitted into either fatigue or fitness adaptations. And so if you're having a bunch of pain that's cropped up out of nowhere I think the road that I go down is load management and see kind of what do we need to do to get you back in the game and then as far as practically how to do that usually backing off external load which in this case would be intensity, volume and things of that nature in addition to education would be kind of the first steps there. So long answer but hopefully useful right? Any negatives to only squatting with the belt. I mean if you wanted to get better at squatting without a belt you might want to practice that. This is a specific skill although you will still improve your squatting strength without a belt when you train only with a belt. I just view it as a training tool right? If you saw me say oh it's a crutch like I mean I don't know there's a lot of mental things that we do mental strategies we do to kind of decrease our fear about a particular movement or particular set in a particular weight. Using a belt is one of them the data right now suggests that using a belt increases bar velocity and improves the efficiency basically keeping the bar path a little more a little strater. So as far as can you be a very strong individual in there and never use a belt. Sure you'll just likely lift less weight than if you used a belt and got good at using the belt. On the other hand if you're never going to compete I don't know that it matters. But yeah as far as what does a belt do upstairs? Yeah I think that's a deeper story. A more complex story and yeah I think overall for somebody who's really interested in lifting weights getting strong etc. I think using a belt on your most important exercises on the heaviest sets and getting good at that seems to be a good idea. I would also help control the external load by doing some sets. Beltless, particularly on less important exercises and you know that's kind of how I manage it. On the other hand you could use a belt for all of those exercises too and live a full and complete life. The idea that you're going to get less abdominal muscle recruitment has been debunked. You'll actually get more what happens is you're able to contract the muscles a little harder and they're also being pressed against the belt as they are contracting. So the intra muscular pressure increases which increases motor unit recruitment. So you tend to actually recruit a little bit more muscle mass. The extent to which that impacts a more significant training effect I don't know and I don't think anybody else knows either. Meaning we don't have like hypertrophy study outcomes as far as I'm aware of or other strength outcomes where they're actually testing abdominal strength in a reliable manner. Hopefully it makes sense. Let's see. Doc, do you ever use heart rate HRR percentage when prescribing cardiovascular or C? Well, I just had like a pure language stroke. Doc, do you ever use heart rate at this? I don't know what HRR percentage is. You talk about heart rate reserve or just heart rate percentage like heart rate percentage of a particular of your max. Tip or describe cardiovascular exercise. No, I don't. Yeah. One, I just feel like it doesn't encapsulate enough of the individual's internal load. So one way to actually measure the physiological response to exercise the actual internal load is by measuring heart rate. You can do that. That being said, I don't think that that's an accurate as accurate of a predictor as RPE. So I prefer using RPE for not only resistance training but also for cardiovascular respiratory training as well. So you can do reps in reserve also for resistance training that that kind of works. But RPE is I think a better way to measure the internal load that somebody's actually experiencing. Yeah. Thoughts on a recent podcast about doctors and stating that only men 50 to 59 with history of MI benefit from statins. I mean, that's demonstrably not true on literally every level. So for instance, young individuals with the history of familial hyper cholesterolemia benefit and this is as young as people, you know, I think is in the adolescent years. Literally a study just came out showing substantial benefit to those individuals on statins. Familiar hyper cholesterolemia, you effectively produce way too much atherogenic lipoprotein which carries around cholesterol, you know, lipid and a protein. There's cholesterol molecules in there and any of that statins been shown to improve mortality basically reduces the risk of early mortality and also the burden of disease. Also, again, from teenagers with that all the way up to very to people in their 20s and 30s who have risk factors for atheroscerotic cardiovascular disease. Again, that's for primary prevention. So preventing the first aphyloscerotic cardiovascular disease event which includes MI, heart attack, stroke, TIA, peripheral artery disease, acute coronary syndrome, all of these things. So for primary prevention and for secondary prevention people who already have diagnosed, have diagnosed with aphyloscerotic cardiovascular disease statins can be useful. So I mean, whoever said that is just not qualified to speak on those things and I probably would it listen to them on something that they're clearly not an expert in and this stuff is covered pretty well in the new article that's going to go up hopefully either tomorrow or Wednesday titled the Science of Red Meat Intake. Any advice on residency interviews? I thought residency interviews were a lot lower key than med school interviews. Med school interviews, you know, everybody's just trying to get in right residency interviews. It seems like people are just trying to figure out if they like you and if they want to work with you for the next three to however many years. It's weird in every residency and medical school interview that I ever did, they always ask me how much I bench pressed. So maybe your experience will be different than mine. But yeah, I think you should know a little bit about the program that you're going to go interview at. So you know what their specialties are or interests are if there are any and then you should, you know, if you have any questions about like the schedule. So for instance, something if you write to an a family medicine, you might ask how many ICU rotations do you have when, you know, the second years get to act as senior residents on when they're on awards, something like that, just stuff that you'd actually matters. On the other hand, it's hard to really know if you're going to be in a good residency program or a bad residency program just from your interviews. You can talk to other residents and see if you can sus out good and bad. But yeah, most people aren't going to tell you that their residency program is bad. That's a little on a cognitive distance there. So I would just try to, you know, kind of get a feel for the work environments that you'll be in, which you get to tour and then also just what the residents are like because you're going to have to work with them most of the time. Yeah, thoughts on a ass to grass heavy squats. They're a perfectly valid way to squat if you want to get better at those types of squats. On the other hand, if you just want to go down to below parallel, that's fine too. You know, depth is kind of this arbitrary level if you're not going to compete. So it exists upon a spectrum of like, you know, you want to do loaded hip and knee flexion, ground-based, loaded hip and knee flexion through some range of motion that you can keep consistent. And, you know, should you go an inch below parallel or write at parallel? What are the big training differences that you see there? Well, the strength that you gain is going to be specific to the range of motion you train in. And you can make a case for going to parallel or slightly below parallel from a muscle training economy standpoint because you're going to get more adductor more glute once you go just below parallel. But if you go even deeper than that, you don't really get any more, you know, motor, unit recruitment or muscle mass being trained. You just are training the same amount of muscles through a different range of motion so that you get stronger different muscle lengths. So what again, what's the best? I think it depends on your goals and if you're not a competitive lifter, I don't know that it matters. Yeah. All right. If they lifter likes using ammonia or other external things for hypodemites, how would you recommend using them in training? Probably wouldn't. Yeah. If you know that you like them already, that's cool. Use them at a beat. I think in training most 99% of your sessions are just putting in work, developing strength. If the performance on a particular strength workout or lift for a particular day is more important than the training effect, which, you know, maybe you're a week out from a meat. Maybe that's the case. But it's not it's not typical. Then sure, use all the hype, use all the ammonia. But I think just save it for the meat. Yeah. People don't need over everything. Hey, Jordan. If I'm around 20 to 24% body fat, can I gain strength from linear pure disation on a cut? A sure. Yeah. The strength response and weight gain or loss are not that tightly correlated. Obviously, the extent that you're going to compromise lean body mass accrual via a cut or losing weight, you know, sure, that might compromise your total strength improvement in the short term. But in the long term, you're benefiting your health because 20 to 24% body fat is fairly high. I would wager that your waist or comforts is an excess of where it should be and you're probably carrying too much ad a post tissue, which is still a serious to health outcomes. So what I would do, yeah, is most of the time, to help you get their weight and the waist or comforts down to within spec. And then if they want to gain more lean body mass, go for it, particularly if getting strong. And, you know, the low rep range is very important to them. Then surely, increasingly, body mass is going to be a part of the process. But I would not sacrifice one's health in the short term just to get stronger in the short term in some arbitrary rep range. And basically, it is very problematic to be carrying too much body weight for in both the short and the long term. And evidence suggests that when people gain weight, particularly gain excess adipose tissue, they have a hell of a time losing it. If you could just easily lose the weight later, if that was an easy thing to do for people to not only lose the weight, but then keep it off. The obesity epidemic would be much smaller problem than it actually is. So most people when they gain adipose tissue are unable to lose it or unable to keep it off, that's the actual facts of this. This YouTube blog or Instagram live brought you by Topo Chico. I wish that you know what? Look, if you work for Topo Chico, call me up. It's monster me. I literally held the bottle here. I bet you the logo probably wasn't facing the camera, so maybe I'm an amateur here. But it is good stuff. I like this water. I like it because it hurts. And I drink it like hurts a little bit. I want that. You mentioned before that you were doing a paper on CBD oil. Yes, I did. What were the highlights of your findings? That there's very, very little data suggesting that it works in humans outside of these very rare congenital seizure disorders period. The data that we do have on it, particularly well controlled, well designed trials suggests that it's not very helpful with respect to the things it's often touted to improve things like pain, things like anxiety, things like depression, things like sleep disorders or insomnia, things like appetite, nausea, etc. And so a lot of these things, yeah, there's just not data on it. And data that does exist is not either not done in humans or just like the sort of theoretical link between some physiological concept and, you know, an active ingredient in CBD. But the stuff we do have data on like actual data is just not good. And then that's just from like assuming you're getting pharmaceuticals CBD cannabidiol, which you're certainly not unless you have again one of these two very rare seizure disorders or you're being using, you're using medical marijuana in which case you're getting more than just CBD. But that's again, another another discussion. So I just can't recommend it right now. And I think as if more data emerges suggesting that it's very, very useful, then the next problem that I have with this is that the CBD that you're getting over the counter is unregulated. Meaning that there's nobody making CBD products with a certificate of good manufacturing process that's informed for sport, like safe, etc. And then contaminations, the studies on the contaminants found in CBD products I mean, they're overwhelming. Their toxicology papers are just, I mean, the stuff that people are getting in there. Oh man, it's scary. It's scary. And the different dosing and just, yeah. So I think early adopters are probably missing the mark right now and probably there's some nefarious activity with why they're recommending this so hard. You know, the it works for me, fallacy is hard to deal with with people who are not scientists. But look, I'm not concerned if it worked for you or a friend, particularly if that friend is getting paid by the company who makes the CBD oil. That's not a valid scientific study. You have all sorts of biases going into the it works for me, fallacy. And yeah, I'm unconcerned with your, with an uncontrolled observation. And so when we actually put it to the test, when we look at the existing data, yeah, CBD, I can't recommend it. I recommend against it right now outside again, the rare congenital seizure disorders. So I wanted to say thanks for the great content. Recently, did my first policy meet using 12-week strength program total 1320 PR&M squat 501 deadly 539 once six for nine, a place second of 93 kilo class Ben, do that's sick. Reminds me, my first meet, my first meet 2011, a weighty in 176 pounds. It was in a gym. No, he was like, yeah, no, shit, dude. No, it was in a commercial, our school gym rather, like, you know, with all the basketball, uh, uh, backboards pulled up out of the way. Yeah, uh, what did I do? So I went in 176, I squatted 200 kilos, 440, a Bench 303.5, which is 137.5 kilos. I only got my opening bench. I don't know. I don't know why, even try to cut weight either. Like, that I thought the weight cut kind of hurt me. But I remember they were using the stupid Avonco Barbell. The Avonco Barbell's got a very narrow, like, smooth part before the nerling starts. So a standard nerling, I think it's 16 or 16.5 inches, like, nerled a nerl. And then the Avonco Barbell's like 14 inches. And then it's got three power rings, three score marks in the thing. None of them are standardized. And you're like, where do I grip this thing? I couldn't figure it out. So between that and the weight cut, I don't know, not a great, not a great performance, but I did bench 303.5. My first, my first meat, 176, and then I pulled 540. So I think we might have totaled the same. I don't know what offhand. Yeah. Nice job, Ben. Uh, hey, man, glad I could steal you from max for a picture of nationals. I think you would have been a great asset to the cupping station. If you guys are new to following me and you missed my birthday celebration. This is also like a going away party. My friends threw me and Santa Cruz when I before I moved down here. They threw me, it was like a placebo party. There was like a cupping station. There was like a, uh, you know, a reflexology posters all over the place. There was a CBD oil, a collagen protein. I mean, they were just really trolled me hard, which means that we're good friends. So yeah, I'm glad that I missed the cupping station at Ron Nationals. Form is great on the deadlift, but somehow still managed to tweak my back. And he thought, it's on how I'm getting injured. Yeah. Yeah. So just earlier in this pod, well, not a podcast. It's alive for Q and A thing. We talked about load management. And again, that's not just external load, which would be weight reps, sets, velocity, like range motion, velocity, etc. This is internal load. Um, so how you experience all of those things. Uh, so yeah, I think load management is problematic there. I would not associate, uh, form, quote unquote, on deadlifts with back tweaks to begin with. And I'm writing an article on this is going to be my next 20 pageer. So here's the thing. Uh, neutral spine is actually pretty large range motion. Um, it's between, you know, a couple degrees shy of full flexion and a couple degrees shy of full extension, that requires more explanation, but there's not just one. Oh, that's neutral spine. There's a lot of, you know, relatively large amount of movement there compared to just this, of one position. It's quote unquote neutral. Uh, sure. You have, uh, cadaver studies where people rip the spine out of cadavers and they flex them a bunch of times in the disc's herniated. Okay. But you cannot squat, deadlift, kettlebell swing, it literally, literally any sort of movement that involves hip extension or hip flexion to hip extension without flexing the spine. Um, you get a lot of flexion in a, kettlebell swing, for example, or a golf swing, um, for example. And you don't see this increase in a discarnation in sports where there's a lot of, uh, uh, uh, uh, spinal flexion either, um, like golf from, in fact, they have lower than average, um, disc, uh, amount of discarnations. But that's not even the point because discarnations aren't even related to low back pain outside of like two to five percent of cases. So, you know, next question is like, well, would you want to, why would you even want have a quote unquote neutral spine or a flat back in a deadlift, you know, why? Uh, appears to be a little bit more efficient from most lifting mechanics. There's obviously some people who tend to have a performance advantage by, uh, when they round their, uh, or flex their, uh, a lot more spine. But, uh, in most performance tasks where this actually has been tested, yeah, a neutral spine tends to do better than a flex spine, um, even though it doesn't actually can note any increased injury risk. So, the biggest problem is that you have hardline coaches, uh, hardline is not a company. I mean, I'm sure it is, but what I mean by hardline is people who say, and it's a black and white, good form bad form. Um, it's like, okay, one define those things, and then two show evidence to support like this arbitrary line of sand. When people do this hardline thing like rounding your back in the deadlift with the squad is bad and you'll get injured, there are no sebo and you, they're hurting you potentially because I have this stupid model in your brain, like, if I do this, I'm going to hurt myself. It's like, okay, by what mechanism? So, anyway, if you have low back pain, I think it's a low management thing. It's probably going to resolve on its own, um, and so I'll just be looking at your programming. That's, that's what I would address first. Yeah. When calories and protein are controlled, does glycemic index matter, um, um, for what? If it's all getting turned to sugar by your body, anyways, we're fine, carbohydrate anywhere's for you, then more complex carbs. Again, that's for what? You're talking about for weight loss or weight preventing weight regain. If you're talking about for LDL cholesterol, if you're talking about for insulin sensitivity, potentially diabetes, outcomes, like a himglobaly one C. Yeah, matters because you're talking about a total fiber intake. So, best outcomes are, but for fiber intake between 25 to 29 grams per day on a minimum. Um, and once you're cheating that, your total calories are correct. Uh, you know, you're going to be pretty good. Yeah. Uh, let's see, could you expand on the statement? You guys have made in the past in regards to most people actually being under trained. Yeah, most people in fact are under trained. So, for a population level for just looking at the United States, about 40% of individuals meet the a-robic current, a-robic guidelines set forth in the 2018 physical activity guidelines for Americans. Okay, you can look that up. It's free. All right. Uh, and only about 20% of those who are of the 40% are meeting the resistance training guidelines, which is the resistance trained twice per week. So, by definition, the plenty of people are under trained, because most of them aren't even training. And in addition, the ones who are are probably under trained as well. So, uh, and if you just restrict, like, you know, this thing of powerlifting, I think particularly in the United States, there's just this pervasive sort of conventional wisdom that, you know, you don't want to do too much, because you need to recover. And certainly recovery is important. I'm not denying that. But I think you- you have two potential models in your brain for why you're not getting better. So, one is that I'm just not recovering enough. I'm not recovering enough. And so, the way you would manage that is to train less so that you could recover more. The other thing is I'm not doing enough to get better, which is that's the view that I have. So, not only do you have to do more, but then the time between when you're actually applying the training stress, right, and generating the training fatigue to the actual fitness adaptation, the time to realize that is probably going to stretch out too. Although, I would argue that you don't need to necessarily dissipate fatigue to have a fitness adaptation. What you really need to do is have the amount of fitness adaptations that you're developing, that you're generating, the positive aspects, outweigh the negative aspects from training and dost fatigue. So, you can- you all know that you can perform, uh, or have performed very well at a high level, while you still have a bunch of training fatigue on board, uh, or life fatigue, right? It's like training when you're hung over, training when you're tired. You accidentally PR, oops, how did that happen if it's- if you didn't dissipate all this fatigue? On the other hand, you know that you've trained like crap, performed like crap. When you've dissipated a bunch of fatigue, you went on vacation for a week. You didn't train at all. You came back, missed your top set. It's just a little more nuanced than that. So, most people by definition, just are not training. Just, you know, 80% of the United States population does not do any resistance training at all. The 20% who are engaging in that, I would wager most of them are under trained. And, uh, yeah, most people are under trained. Let's see. Are those hats for sale? These hats, the dad hats, uh, they're going to be for sale pretty soon. So, make sure you get those. I think we made a substantial amount of them because I didn't want to run out for the Christmas slash Hanukkah season. So, you're welcome. I like when people ask me like, what is your opinion on this person? Like, who am I to judge the character of somebody's, you know, somebody else? If you want to ask me a particular thing that they said, you have a question about, I'm cool with that. I probably won't name them because I don't want to, you know, start any internet beefs, I've done that for too long. But, if you ask me, like, thoughts on person, uh, I don't know that I think about other people like that, particularly in the fitness industry, that much just as a, as a person. I think about some things they said, some agreed just claims they've maybe made, but I don't think about them like, I wonder if they're a good person. I want to have a vote for. I wonder like, do they donate to charity? I just don't. Let's see, have run a several strength-focused templates in a row, 12-week strength, powerlifting, too. Looking at focus on losing weight for the next several months, should I do power building to or high-perch feet, too? There were me, uh, I probably do high-perch feet, too. Power building, too, you could actually go back and forth on them. Power building, too, has just got more of a specificity towards the big three, squat bench deadlift. If you don't necessarily, so if you really enjoy those lifts, they'd kind of make your training world go around. You know, I would do power building, too. But if you, well, like a break, you know, and you want to gauge in some more conditioning stuff, I think how much feet, too, is probably a better choice. You go back and forth, so you don't like lose your, uh, uh, zeal for doing the big three, if that's important to you. Um, and so yeah, we do sell training templates. It's kind of our entry-level, sort of barbell medicine program. If you're interested in our programming ideas and like how that would actually manifest out into a program, we got a bunch of different templates that are suited for people at various different points of training with various different goals. You should check those out barbellmus and dot com website. If the goal is to increase muscle size, should we strive to get stronger? Yeah. So I know that you asked me this about two weeks ago and I answered you there. I think if you want to get larger muscles, then one thing, uh, objectively that you'll be looking at, is our, my lifts and the rep ranges that I'm training them going up. General, that would be a good sign that you're actually gaining lead body mass in addition to actual measurements. That being said, there are a lot of different ways to generate the stimulus to drive muscle growth that don't involve necessarily a lot of heavy resistance training in the low repetition range. So yeah, how best to reprogram my squat after a nine month herniated disc that caused bad sciatica and left leg, left leg is weak and not firing the way I want it to. Yeah, I wouldn't do anything differently about approaching your squat training than somebody else who is new to the squat and hasn't, uh, or and or who hasn't been training it for a while. So I think, uh, you know, being cautious initially, with the training load and training volume. So, and I would train multiple different rep ranges. And, uh, you know, I think if you want to do squat variations, since you have a little more experience, you can start that from the beginning. So you might have one day of backsquats, one day of pause squats and another day of leg press. You could also make the leg press unilateral one leg at a time. So you can actually, you know, if you want to focus on unilateral strength, I think that's a totally reasonable thing. That I like split squats and step ups and stuff like that as well. But, uh, you know, I think a leg press can be useful here too. Does micronize creatine model hydrate have any benefits when compared to just creatine model hydrate? No. And, uh, I did a creatine video on the YouTube's, which I would recommend you guys watch if you haven't seen it already. Hey Doc, I'm starting to create content from my client athletes and circle of influence and would like to bring awareness to you and your content via occasional referencing. Would you be okay with that? I would be flattered. See, one of the best things that you guys can do, guys, and get, I'll sorry, it's 2019, try to be inclusive. Um, one of the best things that you guys can do is to share this stuff with your friends and family and you know, I don't mean in like an annoying evangelistic kind of way, but there are only so many of us involved in barbell medicine, right? And so we are trying to get the word out. We're trying to, uh, help as many people as possible, but we can't do without you. And so, love if you guys would share, you know, this video or this Q&A or some of our posts or whatever you feel like is, you know, uh, within your, uh, within your, uh, within your purview and something that you would normally do share with your friends, family, people go to the gym with, whatever. What is your opinion on the fact that Louis Simmons has people do more box squatting than regular squatting? Would you ever do this yourself? I mean, maybe somebody preferred box squatting and they weren't a competitive power lifter. Sure. But I don't necessarily concern myself with what Louis does. And I don't mean that in an arrogant way. You know, he doesn't concern himself with what I do. And I don't concern himself with what he does because I think that he, when he talks about power lifters, he's talking about a different sport than I am. Um, it's, you know, gear in a particular federation with particular standards that are different than the power lifting that I've competed in. Um, so, you know, that being said, I'm not married to a regular squat that doesn't involve a box for people who aren't competing. Yeah. How do you approach exercise selection when creating general strength programs? Yes, I'll refer you to the beginner prescription, or, uh, uh, which is the free version of our beginner template, uh, the beginner template also comes with like a 70 page ebook that really details how we came up with that program, which includes a section on exercise selection. So there's no such thing as general strength. All strength is specific. It's specific to the rep range you train it in, it's specific to the range emotion, the velocity, the contraction types, all sorts of things. The degree that one exercise improves performance in another exercise is called transference, uh, or carryover. And the more closely related to exercises are via those again, uh, the range emotion, the contraction type, velocity, etc. Uh, the more closely that they're, they're, or the more likely they're going to carry over to each other. So, uh, for a general trainee, the person who's not going to go compete in a barbell sport, instead of specializing on a few exercises, I would like to have a broader base of physical development that I would build for them until they wanted to specialize if they did. So I would not just use one type of squat variation, or even really mandate that they squat. I really just want loaded hip and knee movement, all right? Like, uh, so same thing with the deadlift. I wouldn't necessarily make sure that they do a conventional deadlift or similar deadlift. They could do a trap bar deadlift, you know? Um, yeah. So I have way less restriction. And then finally, we know that from a motor learning standpoint, when you're trying to actually learn, um, how to move your body, for instance, at space, and, and develop all these motor programs, um, particularly when it comes to non-standard, uh, or movements that are different each time, um, that you would want a wider variety of movements. People learn faster that way, and people have more robust development, uh, of these motor programs. So wouldn't high-press specialized just from a, uh, a sort of, uh, training development standpoint, want more proficiency in more movements, rather than proficiency in less movements. And then, I also think people learn better that way. So hopefully that makes sense. But if you want further explanation, we talk about this extensively in both the free barbell prescription, which is our free, uh, version of the beginner template, and then also the paid version, which we go into this. A lot more depth. Yeah. Let's see, why is my general practitioner telling me that I don't need more than 50 to 70 grams of protein, even though I told him I trained? Well, a few questions. One, why did you ask him? Because it's unlikely that this person is up to date on the current information. So right now, the current, uh, RDA, uh, guidelines suggest point, uh, was it point eight, uh, grams, uh, protein per kilo body weight per day. The current S bin or S bin, European or American, a society for nutrition recommends that most individuals get between 1.2 and 2.0 grams per kilo's, and this, it becomes more and more important as people age, um, because they become more and more and about the resistant. And this is one of the, the primary prevention tools against the sarcopenia and other, um, age related, uh, weakness and muscle loss. So the final part of this is, if you look at actual guidelines from the international society on sports nutrition or international athletic association, uh, I forget the last part of their acronym, or if you look at the NSEA or the ACSM, the recommendations are that individual should consume anywhere between 1.6 to 2.5, all the way up to 3.1 grams, uh, protein per kilo, uh, body weight per day, and as far as where you fit in the range depends on if you're losing weight, gaining weight, maintaining weight, and your needs. So the recommendation that's actually based on very good evidence, uh, that I would give to you is to consume 1.6 to, uh, about 2.5 grams of protein per kilo body weight per day. If you're gaining weight, 1.6 grams per kilo body weight per day is fine. If you're losing weight, I'd ratchet that up, um, yeah. And we discussed this at length in one of our previous newsletter articles actually. So if you have it signed up for newsletter, you get stuff like this in your inbox every month. Yeah. What can I replace milk and weigh with? I like milk because of the amount of protein, but it hurts my stomach. Yeah, so you could try a lactose-free version of milk. If you like that, you could also try a lactase pill to see if that's, you know, if you just don't tolerate dairy, if that's the thing. If, uh, and I would expect you to still be able to tolerate weight with water. So you try that. If you can't tolerate the way with water, one thing that people tend, you know, commonly have reactions to is a weight protein concentrate with the beta lactobumin. Um, you might try to do a weight protein isolate. My recommendation would be try the way with water first. If that doesn't work for you, try to find a way protein isolate by a pound of it. See if that works with water. Um, and then you don't need to take a protein supplement though. Really, if you were getting your dietary protein in from other sources. So any sort of, uh, any protein source really, if you like eggs, if you like, uh, chicken, fish, lean meats, um, if you like yogurt, Greek yogurt, you know, dairy works well if you can tolerate it, but it sounds like that's not an option for you. Uh, but there are plenty options out there. Another non-training question. What is your method with getting your beard line while trimming your neck? Digging the thicker beard man? Uh, beard questions. So, uh, yeah, on the neck, I just use, um, I have an anandis-tea-tea-tremeer. That's just my little, what I used to line up down here, and then I use a safety razor to shave. That's it. Yeah, not no real special technique. Yeah. Are those blue-like glasses? No, these are real glasses because I am losing my eyesight. Do you think isolation exercises are more beneficial than compound lifts for hypertrophy? I'm thinking that isometric is simply a requirement of volume plus frequency behind a certain point of exposure to training. Uh, I don't, I mean, I don't necessarily think so when you look at primary movers, so for instance, like quadriceps in the squat, for example, uh, I don't necessarily know that isolation movements are any better than them. I do think that when training resources dwindle that one way to get an additional training volume, additional training stress, particularly to drive more hypertrophy, um, you can do isolation exercises, but secondary movers probably respond a little bit better to isolation exercises. Also, you can take isolation exercises to failure, or closer to failure, but also to failure with a little bit less detrimental effects. And then again, you know, training, um, trying to achieve, most of our hypertrophy, you know, the maximum improvement that you can by just compound lifts is probably not going to work for, for most folks, um, because you're going to need to do more training volume, uh, more frequency, and then ultimately fatigue becomes a problem that you need to, uh, uh, that you need to deal with. And isolation exercises are one way to do that, but I don't, was far as one better than the other for primary movers. Nah, probably not secondary movers. Now you make a better case for that, but you can also find ways to train around them, um, but in the grand scheme of things, a hypertrophy program would have both probably. Let's see. Vibility of a vegan diet for strength athlete. Yeah, so this is the last question we'll answer tonight. Uh, yeah, I think that if you want to be a vegan or vegetarian, as long as you're getting in, you're the correct amount of calories and told you're going to be fine. In fact, the research from multiple different studies showing that as long as you're getting the correct dose of protein that the training outcomes are either no different or very, very similar or so much so that any difference that's statistically significant, it's probably not clinically significant, um, because of the inter individual variation in training response. So if someone wants to be vegan, someone wants to be vegetarian, cool. We also make a, uh, nice p protein isolate called vegan rx. It's got the same essential amino acid content as our way protein, um, which is good. So if you have a vegan friend vegetarian friend and then you need a protein supplement, there you go. Okay. Thank you guys so much for tuning in. I'm about to get kicked off here because I've been here for like an hour. Uh, again, son of a newsletter is coming out. We're going to give you guys first access to the black Friday deals. Um, also we got a bunch of great information that goes out every month. Um, so if you're not find it for that, do that. Barble medicine apparel. We got a new matte merch over there. We got a baseball tee. You got competition T's pre order for the SPD singlets coming out. Uh, and then yeah, I hope everybody is having a great Monday. Thank you so much for tuning in. See you guys soon.