It's Tram Live. What's going on? It's Dr. Jordan Faggin, my mobile medicine. It is November 11th. It is 1738. Betty Wop again. You guys know what it is. Instagram Live, question and answer session. So every Wednesday we're here about 530 p.m. Pacific Standard Time. What we allow you to ask questions in the comments section. So if you're just joining us for the first time, welcome. Type your question into the comment section. All right. Ideally, these questions are related to fitness, training, anything like that. But hey, sometimes we go off the reservation and we get to talk about interesting things. If I don't get to your question, I apologize. Head over to our forum. If you go to barbomitons.com, you can sign up for the forum. We're very active there. Or you can go to our Facebook group to search barbomitons on Facebook. We'll accept it to the group. And you can join the nearly, I think it's almost 18,000 folks now. We'd love to have you be a part of that community. So yeah, in those specific topics tonight, it's popry. We're going to dive into some questions here. We scroll up what's going on in everybody. Hello. We're shooting for over 200 folks at any given time. Normally, we get like 1,000 something views while we do this thing. But we'd like to get at least 200 users at a time. I log on. I see some other Instagram lives with like 1,000s of folks. And I understand that I'm not famous. But I think we can do it. I think we can do it. So tell your friends. Connor Whitty, how do you manage fatigue when doing full body training? So this probably gives us a good chance to talk about fatigue, what it is, and then like how do I think about it in general. So fatigue in general are the negative psychological and physiological things that occur secondary to an exercise stimulus. There are two broad categories of fatigue. One is peripheral. Those things happen at the level of the muscle. So muscle damage, accumulation of metabolic, waste products, depletion of energy substrate. All the things would fall under the umbrella of peripheral fatigue. And then there's a central fatigue, which basically is a reduction of the neurological signal to the muscle to create force happens at the level of the brain or spinal cord. And so together, those things are fatigue. And again, they're the negative sort of psychological and physiological things that occur secondary to exercise stimulus. As far as what causes greater fatigue out of proportion to the exercise stimulus, which I think is what you're really getting at, sets to failure tend to be very, very fatiguing, compared to sets where there are one or more repetitions left in reserve. The level exercises tend to be more fatiguing that exercises that you've either done before or exercises that you've done similar variations to, that secondary to the repeated bout effect. Other things that tend to be, again, more fatiguing out of proportion to the exercise stimulus tend to be really heavy. High RPE type work at really high load. So for example, if the general intensity range that drives strength improvements is somewhere between 60 to 80 percent on average, that's where most of your volume work will be done just due to the nature of being able to complete a lot of repetitions in that sort of range. It's not that 80 percent doing sets of four, for example, or five, whatever, at 80 percent gives you a greater strength benefit than doing sets of four or five at 70 percent, for example. But it does cost you more fatigue. So when you think about trying to drive the sort of signal to build fitness adaptations up, you'd want to do more sets higher volume and not necessarily incur a bunch of unwanted or unnecessary fatigue on this case, meaning extraneous. So working heavier is not always better. I don't think that full body training is necessarily more fatiguing than body part or exercise, like a split programs, sort of fatigue. I think fatigue is really unique to the individual and what they've done historically and what they're used to, what their expectations are and in addition, like all the individual characteristics that make them them. So the exercise stimulus is what it is. It gets filtered through again, all the things that make you, you, and then on the other side is the stress which drives both fitness adaptations and fatigue. So how do I think about fatigue? I think about fatigue is sort of a necessary thing that occurs as, you know, again, fitness adaptations go up. Fatigue is also going to go up ideally not in proportion. Ideally, the fitness adaptations outstrip the amount of fatigue that's occurring and therefore you get better. Your best performances will not occur in general when fatigue is at its lowest. So for example, you could go on vacation, right? Take a week off and you're fatigue, particularly from training is going to go way way down. You slept a bunch, you didn't exercise, you didn't train, you ate a bunch of food, all as well, but when you come back to the gym, you don't usually PR. Why? Because your fitness adaptations have decayed. So I don't know that I would be trying to minimize fatigue all the time. Rather, I think a better focus is to try to maximize fitness adaptations and fatigue will tend to trend down over time as you do workouts that are similar to ones you've done before. I would accommodate to what you've previously done. That's what tends to drive this sort of fitness adaptation accumulation that is at a greater rate than the amount of fatigue that you're incurring. So this is why you see in general high-perchary results occur a few weeks after the onset of training rather than the initial onset of training, you kind of have to get used to the training, same thing with strength improvements. So I just wouldn't worry about fatigue like from a recovery standpoint rather I worry about load and fatigue management within the context of a program based on what you've been doing so far. So hopefully that makes sense. Kind of a long answer for the first one, but yeah, had to do it. Best tips from a cut for recovering from a patello tendonopathy. Yes, so I would recommend you see the article paying in training what do ideally you have to find some type of squatting or lower extremity exercise, maybe if you can't tolerate squatting where you can enter in and start doing that ideally to desensitize yourself. And it's going to be a lot of load management stuff. So patella tendonopathy overuse injury, although tendonopathy is kind of the somebrella term that just encompasses all tendon related pain, but it doesn't really describe what's going on, although that probably isn't that important anyway. So I would find something that you can do and gradually increase that over time to where you return to normal activity, that's outlined in the pain and training what do you article and if you need specific advice would contact our pain and rehab team. They would do it. But do you think of the general military fitness tests? For example, the Marine Corps PFT is max pull ups, max hit ups in a minute, three mile run. I don't think anything about them. I mean, I'm being honest, I think that each organization can come up with a series of fitness tests that it deems valuable for identifying folks who are prepared to do the job that they're contracted to do to the extent that these fitness tests reliably do that and are both sensitive and specific enough to identify those individuals who pass the test therefore are able to do the job and then a friend of yours who don't pass the test, they can't do the test. I don't know that and I don't know that data on that. I would guess that the new fitness tests from the Army, where they do a trap-art ed lift and a couple other odd movements, I say odd because they're not their traditional pull ups setups, push ups, et cetera. I think that probably more accurately represents what people are likely to do in the field. But again, I'm not an expert there and I don't know the data as far as individuals who are in the armed services who pass the PFT, whatever it may be and then ultimately cannot do the jobs, ask of them versus people who don't pass that test and can. So I don't know, how would you design a two week taper and peak-free female intermediate lifter? So we have free peaking templates on our website. There's a slow and a fast one just based on some kind of trends we've seen across different types of lifters. But I wouldn't program it in any sort of specific way just because it's a woman lifter. Women in men respond nearly identically to training with respect to strength, hypertrophy, power, cardiovascular fitness training. And I would not program specifically for somebody just because it's a woman or a man, just like I wouldn't program specifically for somebody because they're young or older or any particular ethnicity. People on general will respond about the same unless they have great genetics or adult poor genetic hand or other environmental things like nutrition, other lifestyle factors, etc. Can really tip the scales far as response to training but yeah, there aren't a sex specific responses to training that you would need to consider when coming up with a sort of training program. Can any gains be made when one trains once per week? I mean, somebody who previously never trained before will likely get stronger, gain some muscular hypertrophy, cardiovascular endurance if they're training that, etc. If they're only formally training once per week, that's not going to work for very long. The effectively, the individual will accommodate to that sort of training stimulus. And while they're not incurring additional fatigue, they're also not incurring additional fitness adaptations. And so the way that you increase fitness adaptations is by increasing the signal, increasing the exercise stimulus. And so if you can't really do that by only training once per week, it's certainly better than not training but you know, would start to work towards those guideline minimums at least, which is resistance training twice per week and doing a certain amount of aerobic training depending on the intensity. Usually 150 to 300 minutes for moderate intensity, aerobic training, or 75 to 150 minutes of vigorous intensity aerobic training. If you're not tired of the conjugate questions, what do you think about the idea that power squats, aka Westside Barbell Style is the best squat for muscle strength, sports, injury prevention, etc. I mean, I am tired of the conjugate questions, but claiming that any particular squat is best for developing muscle mass is completely bogus strength. There are strength-specific adaptations to each type of exercise, because strength is specific. So again, that's just tells you that whoever is saying that doesn't know what they're talking about for sports. There are no squats that are uniquely better, you know, best suited towards sports. That doesn't make any sense of an injury prevention. You can't prevent injuries anyway. You can only reduce the risk. So again, somebody who said that has just identified themselves as not a subject matter expert and then instead of arguing with them, because that's not what you would want to do, you would just go somewhere else and spend your time wisely, getting involved in the community, making a positive difference, learning something, learning a new skill, interacting with other humans to build your social circle up, something like that. All right, had my appendix removed a few days ago and was told not to lift heavy weights for several weeks, still worth taking creatine at this time. I don't know that I would consciously stop taking creatine. It's not like it's, you know, any risk for you to continue taking it. It's just, you know, yeah, you're not leaking out, you know, an additional couple percent of performance maybe, because you're not training. So you could stop taking it if you wanted to, but no real benefit to stop taking it either. Very, very curious, basic differences and recommendations for programming linear progressions, slash novices between starting strength and barbell medicine. Oh, pretty much every step of the way. I think our beginner prescription, which is free article and sort of program, um, and our beginner template, which is an expanded version of that, uh, kind of highlight all the differences, but very briefly, we don't think that you should specialize in four or five exercises, particularly because you wouldn't, in no sport, in no career, in no real setting, do you specialize early on in someone's training? You want a variety of training with respect to exercise. It improves motor learning. So how good you get it, doing the exercise. It reduces in risk of injury, uh, improves leg body mass outcomes. You also wouldn't specialize in, any sort of particular reps games. You would only do fives. You would get proficient in multiple reps games because there are different adaptations that you'd want to get across different rep ranges that don't, if you uniquely happen at five, five is just arbitrary made up number. It's not particularly useful for any specific thing. It's that for getting good at fives. You'd want auto regulation. So RPE are reps and reserve session RPE, something like that, um, or an objective, whether way to track, or the, like a velocity tracker, but that's probably unnecessary and overkill for somebody who's new to lifting, and you'd want to include cardiovascular fitness, uh, training specifically and not avoid that because that helps build your training base so that you can exercise enough to build for long-term development of strength. Um, again, all discussed in our beginner prescription, uh, beginner template is a set of, uh, four sets of five and RPE eight, any more or less fatigueing than two sets of ten at RPE eight, I would expect it to be more fatiguing. One, this is multiple sets to near failure to because the weight is substantially heavier. Um, those would be my two, you know, sort of thoughts there. But again, comparing just one rep protocol against another, probably is not the way I'd base programming. I would try to look at the entire program and, and compare that to another program. What's the deal with calves and why are they so hard to grow? Uh, calves are a muscle. There's an heel lateral heads and the soleus sits underneath. I don't necessarily think they're that hard to grow. I just don't think people train them, and they certainly don't train them diligently. It's kind of like arms in a way, um, you know, people will do, you know, four sets of arms, uh, you know, or biceps and triceps per week and be like, well, I don't they grow and it's like, because you're not doing near enough or they'll do 10 sets and you're like, well, I don't why don't they grow that much? Because you're not doing nearly enough. Same thing with calves, people do calves once a week and they're like, why don't they grow? It's like, do not even close to enough. And then also people will do them for like three or four weeks and be like, why didn't my calves grow a bunch? It's like, it's only four weeks. It's not enough. Yeah. So just like anything else takes time and, you know, diligent effort here. Will my heart explode if I have a pre-workout with 300 milligrams of caffeine in it? So I did a whole YouTube video on caffeine, the current FDA guidelines recommends less than 400 milligrams of caffeine per day. Although individual tolerance is likely varies well higher and lower than that. The dose at which benefits are typically seen varies between three to six or three to nine milligrams of caffeine per kilogram body weight per day. So 300 milligrams is on the low end for most individuals depending on how much they weigh. But this is all tolerance. And your heart's not going to explode anyway. Heart rate doesn't really go up with caffeine. Blood pressure doesn't go up with caffeine. So to answer your question directly, no, but as far as how much caffeine should have, based on your individual tolerance, preferences, et cetera. The way we, you know, people are using caffeine pre-workouts so that they increase their arousal. Not that kind of arousal, but arousal to do, to engage in exercise and improve their performance. And this can be modeled across this or is modeled by this law called the Yerks Dodson Law of arousal. So it looks like a bell curve. And so on the left side of the curve, you know, as you're going up the slope, you are under sort of arous, basically, you're not ready to perform et cetera peak. And then at the top, that's your peak level. You're in a certain level of arousal. And then if you go to higher levels of arousal, your performance actually drops off. You're too height, you know, too many trap slaps, too much caffeine, too much ammonia, or, you know, whatever else you're using to get up for a workout. So I would try to find a dose that you like and respond well, too, and stick to that dose. You don't get used to the caffeine as far as a like reduction in performance sort of improvements. You sure you get tolerance to the caffeine in so far as the metabolism can can get a little faster. But the irgogenic or performance enhancing benefits of caffeine don't require progressively higher and higher doses. That's all just made up stuff. Is timing of protein intake important for muscle protein synthesis or if my intake is efficient over a given period, it's always available? I don't really understand the question, but yeah, protein timing is somewhat important, I guess, on a micro level, meaning that if you continuously dose yourself with protein throughout the day, you would not have as many muscle protein synthesis events that if you had like discrete bolus to meals. So, you know, you eat meal and then you fast, you know, and you can do that every three to five hours. If you, you know, continuously fed with protein throughout the day and you only took, you know, 90 minutes from the end of one meal for the start of another meal. That meal would probably not contribute to muscle protein synthesis right then, but maybe later, time after you've again fasted for a period of time. How much does all of that matter in the grand scheme of things? I think none. I wouldn't even consider it when building a dietary pattern or considering protein intake. I just don't think it matters at all. Is absence of evidence ever evidence of absence? Sure, yeah. So, one example I really like has to do with training pregnant women. We assume there's some non-zero risk with respect to exercise during pregnancy, meaning there's a risk to maybe mom and or baby. We don't know that to be the case because the existing evidence actually doesn't report a lot of, you know, bonafide or confirmed cases. And so, like right now, because CrossFit's got so popular and resistance training is gotten much, much more popular and high-intensity interval training like courses, you know, so like on-steery and soul cycle, whatever, all the stuff has gotten much, much larger. We would expect to see case report after case report after case report. If there were, if there was a substantial risk to mom or baby during pregnancy with exercise, well, you don't see any of that. And so there's an absence of evidence. And so in that case, you really would expect case reports and a lot of data coming out on this if it were a significant risk. So, I think that that is evidence in and of itself that the risk, even though we assume it to be non-zero, it's probably not just wildly high. And I think that's reflected in the latest guidelines from the 2019 Canadian Physical Activity Guidelines during pregnancy. Jordan, auto-regulation in programming seems to focus on set intensity and session RPE, when, slash, how do you ever auto-regulate volume in a training plan? So, oh, I think I see what you're saying, so basically work up, you know, to a set of a certain rep scheme at RPE, whatever, that focuses more on load on the bar. Session RPE is really a measure of fatigue rather than a set of a measurement of exertion, but that's for another Instagram live. So, as far as regulating volume, you could do body weight stuff. For example, that's a good easy example here, so you could do pull-ups to RPE, so you're regulating volume, or you could do a work-up to a set of, you know, five reps at RPE, and then do as many sets as it takes to get to RPE 9, so you're regulating total volume there, or you could do, you know, a set of six at RPE 9, and then take 10% off the bar and do as many sets of six until that feels like a 9 again, again, regulating volume using RPE. If I go into a 500 calorie deficit, but maintain ideal protein intake, can I lose weight while making gains? I assume you mean improving strength as one of the gains that you're referring to, and sure that I find that is almost entirely related to programming, not at all related to a modest calorie change, certainly not 500 calories. I don't know that I would be only focusing on protein intake, particularly ideal protein intake, because the other components of nutrition are also important, as far as gaining muscle mass, if you're untrained or under-trained, sure, you could probably gain some muscle mass, but it's unlikely to be as much as if you were gaining weight, although we don't really know. Great paper by Slater and colleagues 2019, it was like how many calories are needed to build muscle or something like that. What's the argument against training at the lowest possible effective intensity so that you can increase volume as much as possible? I haven't heard many well articulated arguments against that other than like getting better at lifting heavy weights, in order to get better at lifting heavy weights, you have to lift heavy weights, and I would agree with that, but I think that there's a wider range of effective intensities for that, particularly when you frame it through, it's a need for additional volume, and then people just think if it's not hard, it doesn't work, and it's like, I mean, the proof exists in both the exercise science literature and then also in the world, as far as our coaching clientele, our TES is coaching clientele, helms coaching clientele, the data driven strength, the guy's coaching clientele, over and over, this is not like a one-off thing, and it's not necessarily new, just now we're better able to explain it. If I'd deadlift heavy will my waist get thicker? It's unlikely, I mean, so you think about how your waist would actually get thicker, you're not changing your boni anatomy to any significant degree, right? Yes, your bone mineral density is like that increase with axial skeleton loading, that's fancy way of just saying like bearing weight, but it's not like your abs or your erector group, or any muscles of your trunk are going to, you know, spontaneously hypertrophy faster than any muscle growth that's ever been recorded in the exercise science literature. Like it just, it's not particularly without taking substantial amounts of animal ox steroids and or growth secretive to eggs, or something like that, which would stimulate a substantial amount of growth, and furthermore without being in a calorie surplus. So the idea that you could like rapidly gain a bunch of muscle without, you know, something else going on seems unlikely. For competitive sports athletes, what are the implications on performance for doing a fat loss diet in season? Usually doesn't affect performance, particularly based on the data that we have at present, and then reducing extra adipostissue tends to improve performance in most sports. So overall thoughts on weighted dips, I think that they're fine, and I don't think they provide any unique stress to the Glent O'Humeral or shoulder joint compared to other upper limb exercises. I think they're just another exercise that aren't like specifically good or specifically bad. It's just another tool to use if it's something you want to do or appropriate to your goals. Yeah, hey Doc, hope all is well when starting a fat loss phase. What's the best way to determine when weight loss is beyond just initial water weight? I mean, you can't do it without some objective testing, but if you're a waste or conference goes down, that's fine. If you see continued weight loss after the first, you know, weaker too, that was likely unrelated to water loss. But here's the more important thing. Why doesn't matter? And I don't mean that to minimalize your question, but like, how would you, what would you do differently if you found out that the first week or two of your diet most of the weight loss was due to water weight loss? Like, nothing. So I just wouldn't even worry about it. Let's see, for guys in the military, also women, they make us run a lot. Do you suggest more intake of food to gain mass because we will have to run and lift in the same day as well as maximize sleep? Yes, so I think the greater your physical activity goes up, the more calories you're going to need to maintain weight. If you're trying to gain weight, you're going to have to go even higher than that. To the extent that the additional running substantially changes your physical activity, yeah, you're going to need more calories. But I probably wouldn't do that preemptively. I would just see what happened after a week or two of this new, found activity level to see what happens with your weight. But doesn't change, then you're accommodating for this in other ways. I don't know that I would try to maximize sleep as far as just duration, because getting seven, eight hours is probably enough. I don't know that you need to sleep more than that. But I would try to maximize the quality, sure. So not necessarily being exposed to much LED light right before bed. I don't think blue blockers have good enough data to support their use. But yeah, avoiding electronics, highly stimulating activities, stimulants, etc. So that you can have a normal sleep, wake cycle, try to go to bed around the same and get out of bed the same time each day. All good ideas. What is the best exercise for hip slash glute growth? I think there are a bunch of different ones that all work about the same, you know, and so I don't know that there's one that stands, you know, heads and shoulders better than the other ones. I think hip thruster great squats of all kinds are great lunges, step ups, rdails, good mornings, etc. All can be useful as far as which one is the best. You look for one that's got, you can do a lot of volume. It's got a big, you know, relatively large range of motion and isn't that fatiguing. And so that's all going to be personal preference basically. Is there a quick fix for squats sticking in the middle of the concentric? Good out of the whole and very fast lockout as well? Yes, I think with sticking points, there are like non-modifiable sticking points and then modifiable sticking points. So the modifiable ones would be due more to positioning, posture, technique, etc. That being said, non-modifiable ones, it's just, yo, that's your sticking point. It's going to be there forever. It's just going to happen at heavier heavier weights as you get stronger and stronger. It's like, it never gets easier. You just go faster that Greg LeMont quote. So never gets easier. The sticking point never ceases to be. It just gets stronger. Yeah, and most people will stick, that's the normal sticking point for a squat. So I see people on YouTube putting raw egg whites into their workout shakes instead of protein powder for those of us not name Rocky is eating raw eggs safe. I mean, there's a non-zero risk to eating non-pasturized egg products that aren't cooked and the bio-availability is drastically reduced when not cooked and there are no benefits to eating these eggs. So I don't know why that is a thing. Yeah, long-term, down-sides to alternate grip for dead lifts. None, as far as I can tell. I think that the hook grip is probably has a mechanical advantage with respect to deadlifting less likely to have a little windmill. But as far as overall development, I think they're about the same. Thoughts on microdo scene to treat ADD slash ADHD. So there's some interesting data coming out on a handful of substances, ketamine, MDMA, some on marijuana and various different sort of medical applications that we're trying to study and not we as barbomedicine but like the medical community is trying to study and kind of see what the reliable benefits that we can reliably see with their use. I think it's too early to tell and I certainly wouldn't recommend microdo scene to anybody right now. As far as the self-treatment. I think there are unknown risks and unknown benefits and I feel like that that's just risky calculus there. Yeah, I probably wouldn't recommend that. Dude at my gym says you shouldn't do pause slash tempo work if you're already a slow lifter. Thoughts, I mean I think that's would be easily countered with asking him what is the velocity that most successful third attempts are lifted at in a meet? They're all very slow. We're trying to improve low velocity force production. So pauses, worth the isometric portion, tempo work is really just a way to control for a fit load and fatigue management. There's some unique benefits to eccentric training that we're trying to maximize, maybe with tempo work or with overload tempo work or with overload work in general, which is inherently slower on the eccentric. But the idea is that during the concentric portion you're trying to move as fast as possible all the time so that really just negates his entire argument. And so I don't know. I don't know. I'd ask him what his deadlift is just to like assert dominance. What would be the best way to motivate parents to start resistance training if they are reluctant to carry out high RPE sets? I would just ask him what resistance training they want to do and then what exercises in particular they want to do and then have them work in a variety of rep ranges and if they only wanted to go to RP7, that's fine. You could also use the feeling scale, which is a validated auto regulation tool. You could say, yeah you should do this set at this weight for this many reps and it should end up feeling kind of bad at the end for example and that's probably hard enough. But RP7 would be about the same. Any recommendations on how to more accurately assess RPE after each set. So you're really not worried about the accuracy. You're worried about the precision. So I don't really care how close it is to the actual value. I care how close it is each time you do it to the value that you rated it before. So like what you call an eight is always an eight and that's the same. So I would just the best way to improve your precision is to keep doing it and keep using it. Do you practice medicine? There's a great place to end. So no after residency I just did barblem just been doing barblem medicine ever since. Was doing some online telemed stuff for a while but now my whole sole focus is barblem medicine and this is more of a public health promotion thing and education thing for other physicians, other healthcare professionals but I do not see patients any longer. Okay, hey look next week we're going to be back here. 530 p.m. Pacific Standard Time. Be here. Look this was a week showing. I thought we were going to be over 200 but I appreciate you guys all coming out. You guys are great. I'm going to post this to my IGTV also to my Instagram feeds. So if you want to go back through this you can some of this will probably end up on YouTube. Yeah we'll see you guys later. Thanks for coming.