I welcome back to Instagram Live. I am Dr. George Biden, I was barbell medicine. I was saying, so I lose brain cells when you don't close long. I lose brain cells when I don't close long. If you need ligate, it's an inch of machine bad for your needs. Nope. I welcome back to Instagram Live. I am Dr. George and I welcome back with barbell medicine. It is October 25th. I am Friday. I am trying to get in the habit of doing these live things a little bit more often. I miss you guys. If you've never joined us on one of these before, it's a Q&A session. You guys ask questions. I try to provide answers, nuance answers. To the best of my ability, if I don't get to your question, I apologize. If it seems like I skipped over your question, I also apologize, but perhaps this isn't the best place for it, in which case, let's say head over to our forum, go to barbell medicine.com, look on the forum, sign up. Before the forum, you can ask questions. We're pretty active on there. Let's go over announcements first. So announcement number one, we have a bunch of new content coming out next week. We got a podcast with Alan Flanagan, a blog post about that podcast going up the same day. That's on Monday as well. Have our vlog from Ron Nationals going up next week. We have our newsletter that's going to go out next week. We have our barbell medicine research review that's going to go out next week, but the Monday following our paint first, paint and rehab seminar in Boston. We have another paint rehab seminar coming up in January, in Reno, Nevada. So if you want to sign up for that head over to eventbrite.com. We also have a few spots left open for our Portland regular barbell medicine seminar in Portland. That's coming up here in a few short weeks. So again, you can sign up on our website or eventbrite.com, search barbell medicine. Let's see what else. So we have our barbell medicine shirts are going to be up in the shop tonight. There are logo shirts, those cool ones that we were wearing at Ron Nationals. See, is there anything else that I'm missing? I'm sure there's stuff that I'm missing. Sure there's stuff that I'm missing, but I want to make sure that we get to some good questions, some good content here. So let's go into Instagram and get some questions. Now you guys who are going to watch us on YouTube in the future, maybe wondering why aren't you streaming live on YouTube? Well, one, the algorithm is not great. They don't, it doesn't pop up in people's search engines for, you know, when they search for barbell medicine Q&A. I don't know. So it's not good for views unless I post it like this. Then two internet connection bandwidth, all that stuff is tough even if I try to do this like one man show for YouTube live streams. So make it there in the future by getting somebody else to help me out here. But otherwise, it's just me. So we're scrolling up. We're going to find some questions. Hey, Jordan, our leg extensions bad for your knees. So this is actually something that comes up all the time. Leg extensions being quote unquote bad for your knees. And so then when you ask people why do they say that it's bad for your knees? And they say, well, the moment arm on the knee, there's a shearing force and this is, you know, bad, that force, that type of force is bad for the knees because you're applying force at the end of the lower limb segment right near the ankle, right? That's where the pad of the leg extension machine sits. And then there's support underneath the actual knee joint itself. And so you got this long moment arm and it's causing shear forces on the knees or people say it's an open chain exercise. And those are inherently worse for apparently pain outcomes, which is not based in evidence. So the leg extensions are perfectly fine exercise. Does not appear to cause knee injury if you use, you know, any reasonable definition for injury. So something that precludes folks from participating in sport or the recreational pursuits causes pain, right, causes dysfunction. And it has to probably do that for a longer, or a certain period of time, right? If it causes pain for five minutes and then it goes away completely, it doesn't affect your ability to, again, participate in sport, participate in recreational pursuits, you know, or activities of daily life for more than five minutes, then I don't know that that's an injury, right? So yeah, you know, leg extensions are fine. Exercise, they're probably, are they're not very specific to squats or dead lifts or anything like that. So from a strength training perspective, probably not terribly useful, but for a body building from a body building perspective, from a rehab perspective, they have some use, particularly getting people to believe that their knees aren't always going to hurt every time they apply force through that. The reason why they're so useful in body building is because you can do a ton of reps and sets without really overfitting the person where as you can't really do the same for squats. So it's funny when Austin and I were actually at our CrossFit level one MD, the certification course in QI, QI, QI, QI, it was in Hawaii on the island of QI. It was funny because when they started talking about pain and injury, I was the one who piped up and was like, hey, that's probably not correct. We should probably think about it like this and make sure not to build these harmful narratives because Austin, you know, was, is blood pressure through the roof and then when they started talking about some nutrition stuff that was inaccurate, my blood pressure through the roof and Austin actually is piped up. So it was kind of interesting that we both like had each other's backs on that and yeah, they said at that seminar, like, oh, well, I can prove to you that the leg extension is a far more dangerous exercise than the squat and it's like, you know, and goes to that mechanical analysis, which is not only a complete misrepresentation of where we're at with respect to modeling pain, you know, from the biomedical model versus bio-cycle social model and then also just, you know, completely like negates, you know, people building their own positive narratives around exercise. So again, if somebody tells you that you put a position of power, like, hey, this exercise is dangerous for you. This exercise can hurt you. This exercise is uniquely dangerous. This exercise is bad for you. Then anytime that you are exposed to it, you know, you run a greater risk of having pain afterwards, whereas it's just a completely neutral stimulus, as long as you don't color it or filter it incorrectly based on your individual characteristics, which includes psychological social inputs, then, you know, you're probably going to be fine. So I actually did some leg extensions today. There you go. All right, considerations for golf and tennis strength conditioning is not a question so much as a big topic, right? Considerations for golf and tennis strength and conditioning. So from a conditioning standpoint, the way I kind of analyze this stuff first, look at the conditioning components. So what do you need for a golf from a conditioning component? Probably not that much uniquely in the way of actual, like, cardiovascular fitness, just because the nature of the sport is, you know, you end up taking so many swings, they last this long, and you have a lot of downtime in between. You might make a case that a person with better aerobic fitness is better able to tolerate either multiple rounds in a day or multiple rounds over the course of a weekend. And I would get behind that. That means that I don't think it's unique to golf. I think, you know, all sport, all recreational physical pursuits probably benefit from increasing aerobic fitness. Tennis is different because the plays can last longer. So probably a bigger impetus for an aerobic conditioning in a way and particularly running at high speeds because that's how they end up cutting across the course or the court, not the course. Sorry, I got golf and tennis mixed up there. From a strength perspective, you'd certainly want to participate in more high velocity for production stuff. So the weight's necessarily going to be lighter so that, you know, you can train squat, bench, deadlift, press, or any variation of those things at a lighter weight. So you can move them at high velocities. That would probably be a big component there. Doesn't mean all of the work would be high velocity, but a substantial portion of it. You'd probably also want to do some rotational work as well. That means that when you look at like meta-analysis, particularly on golf, I've been super interested in this because I've been playing a bunch of golf lately. It seems like anything that makes golfers stronger and able to produce more force makes them be able to hit the ball a little harder, a little more ball speed, a little more club head speed. So this is the opposite in the context of practicing the sport. So you wouldn't just want to go to the gym and not go to the range, not go to the course, not practice your sport, that would be silly. So yeah, I think there's a lot of different options. There's probably no one set of exercises that is like, this is the best stuff, but you definitely have some high velocity works and rotational work and then your traditional S&C stuff. So hopefully that helps. Do you have any tips on how to use a belt? I've never used one. Yeah, so a couple of tips. So one purchasing a belt, like I want a belt. What do I do? I don't have any brand allegiance to any particular belt manufacturer. I personally think that most folks who are getting into strength training should get a 4 inch wide belt and then as far as the thickness goes, I like a 13 millimeter belt. 10 millimeter belt is the other that's the other common size for these swayed belts. I don't recommend a Velcro belt unless you're just doing Olympic weight lifting, but yeah, other than that, I wouldn't get a Velcro belt and they're not legal and most power of new federations or any power of new federations as far as I'm aware. And any event, I think that 13 millimeter belt is, that's my preference. If you want to, if you have any inkling to be in a power lifter or you just want a really good belt to go lift all the weights, I'd get a 4 inch belt. That's like the standard 10 millimeter belt, this little thinner. So if you're on the lighter side or have no idea about competing the future, 10 millimeter spine, but I would recommend a 4 inch wide, 13 millimeter belt. Single prong is my preference. Double prong is fine a little bit more finicky to latch, but some people like those. My first belt was a double prong. And if you want a lever belt, that's cool too. I don't like them. Austin loves them. So that's anyway. You have a bunch of different options, but that's kind of how you would make your decision. And then it's far as how to use it. Same thing is to figure out the appropriate level of tightness. So and where to where it, those are the two big considerations. So I would recommend wearing it as tight as it can be without it moving around or compromising your ability to perform a Valsalva maneuver. So if it's so loose that it's moving around when you lift, it's probably, you should probably go in another hole. If it's so tight that you can't actually take a big deep breath because it's really constricting you and constricting your ability to expand your thoracic and abdominal cavities, and it's probably one-to-tight. And then in this far as where to where it, I think you should put it on one hole, a little too loose, then do a squat with it. And the belt will usually kind of drift to the right position for you to get started, you know, general rule of thumb. And it kind of be able to figure it out over time where you prefer it, but that's a good place to start. So and then after you figure out where it's supposed to sit, cinch it down one more hole and you're ready to go. Yeah, that's what I think you should do with the belt. You're going to, you know, auto squat, for example, you're going to walk the way out. You're going to do the Valsalva maneuver, which means take a big breath and hold it, bear down. Some people like to think about expanding their abdomen or bracing. I prefer the bracing, you know, where you're trying to almost make yourself do a mini crunch while you take this big breath in and hold it. That's my preferred method. I don't think you should try to actively push your belly out against the belt. I don't think that's the terribly useful cue. Although sometimes it works, you know, it's hard to speak in absolutes here. Let's see, spring, 20, 20, $7 for junior beach. We are coming to Norfolk, Virginia in spring, 2020. I think it's spring. If you do the spring or summer, I don't know like when the cutoff is and I've actually ever get the date of our summer, but it's on our 2020 schedule. Yes, I am filming my documentary reaction video. It's not like my documentary. It's to the game changers video, the new Netflix. I think it's on Netflix documentary about vegan athletes. So that'll be fun. I'm going to film that tomorrow. Biggest mistake of your coaching career. I don't know. What's one thing you might have done differently in hindsight? The biggest thing I think which is not unique to coaching is just how people learn. It actually become, you know, educated and experienced in their field. You just end up being overconfident at first. So I think it would have been nice to have found a mentor earlier in my coaching career that would have let me down the right path. And I don't know that I can be too critical on myself because it just happens. But probably the first two years of my coaching career. I was kind of like, I mean, it was a perfect situation. There wasn't a lot of information out there on coaching, just period. And then too, there weren't a lot of people who were like, you know, in the space who were writing articles or were available for this mentorship kind of thing. And so everyone was like out on their own in the wild, wild west. You really had deep squatter with Louis Simmons. You too was like barely, you know, getting, you know, lifting videos up. Certainly not instructional stuff. And then seminar wise. I mean, man, you really just had the USAW and USA track and field. Those are the only and crossfit. Those are the people doing seminars and crossfit is like just started really. So yeah, I don't know. I don't want to be too critical of myself. But if I had to do it over again, I would probably try to seek out a mentor earlier on in my coaching career. And that would have instilled in me some more humility right off the bat. That would have been a good idea. Thank you for podcast recommendation on lipids on the JAMA podcast. Oh, yeah. So if you have not gone over to, well, wherever you get your podcasts from, JAMA clinical reviews, they have really great frequent podcast uploads. We're basically they interview and talk about the latest science with the researchers who perform the review. This one's actually with Brian, parents who is an absolute savage in the world of lipidology and cardiovascular disease. And this latest one, it's the thing that's lipids and cardiovascular health. I think it's the title of it on JAMA, Stanford Journal of American Medical Association, Clinical Review, Wood Recum, and listening to that, he's got two new papers. I think, or at least one new paper that he's author on and I know, oh, he's a co-author on the second one. Those published in New England Journal Medicine, the other one is published in JAMA, JAMA. So, in any event, he's got a bunch of other great papers on this subject as well. What would go, would recommend listening that podcast? These are a specific point where you would recommend someone stop weight loss after a significant drop to start gaining lean weight again or just personal preference. I mean, as long as we're not talking about people who are going to an underweight situation based on BMI or who have lost a significant amount of muscle mass, it should become, you know, that point you would be caquette. If you lost a bunch of lean body mass and fat mass, one of the differences between kick-caccia and as farcapini as you can actually lose muscle mass and gain fat or have too much fat and be sarcapini have sarcapini goviscity whereas kick-caccia is like this global loss of flesh, both fat and muscle tissue and there's some other syndromes, a syndromic kind of of symptoms that are associated with that as well. So, yeah, provided we're not talking about anything like that. Yes, really just personal preference. I mean, how big and jacked do you want to be? I think gain lean body mass certainly useful for gain strength and also carrying more lean body mass obviously. But there's no like this is how lean you should get with respect to kind of lean body mass. Again, as long as we're not talking about people who develop medical conditions from losing so much weight. Does a leg press engage more muscle fibers than the barbell squats? No, I don't think so. And it really depends on I kind of go one step further to try to clarify this question. So, if we're just restricting this analysis between leg press and barbell squat to muscle fibers of the lower extremity, so of legs and we're not talking about the trunk or and back, that's the only real fair comparison that you can make because the squat obviously is going to train engage more of those muscle fibers due to the fact that it's freestanding the additional joints are moving, so you have a lot more muscle mass involved than a leg press. But with respect to just lower extremity, motor unit recruitment, yeah, it's you're really not going to see a big difference. Probably about the same as long as both exercises are being done to close to failure for similar amount of reps. Yeah. Good afternoon doc. Well, I think, you know, time is it. It's almost six. Yeah. I guess for your ed. Good afternoon. All right. How and why is training a few reps from failure beneficial for strength purposes? Yeah, well, so the first part of this strength is specific to context to how it's trained, you know? So if you, for instance, if you only train sets of 10, then you're likely to get the biggest payoff, the biggest transference, the biggest carryover to like a 10-ret max or heavy set of 10. Conversely, if you only train 5, your biggest transference carryover or training an outcome improvement is likely to be strength in sets of 5. So, you know, you'd have to further refine this question for, you know, to make it to clarify, or we talked about one RMS strength, five RMS strength, 10 RMS strength, 20 RMS strength. But if we're just talking about strength in general to the extent that even exists, right? The ability to produce force across a bunch of different, a bunch of different contexts, training a few reps shy of failure effectively is a strategy to recruit more motor units. So let's say you're doing a heavy set of 5. The first rep, you know, and these are all just made up numbers, these are not experimentally determined numbers, but, you know, for the sake of this argument, this general premise holds true. So instead of 5, heavy set of 5 is like 86% of a 1 RMS, so 5 RMS is about 86% of some of these 1 RMS, give or take, because people are different. You know, doing the first rep, you might engage, 65%, 70% of all of the muscle fibers that you can voletionally recruit. Two, you know, rep number two, you're at 75%, get maybe getting close to 80% of all the voletional muscle fibers that you can voletionally recruit. And this is not 100% of all your muscle fibers, just the ones that you have voletional access to. By rep three, you're getting close to 100% of all of the motor units that you can voletionally recruit and then reps 4 and 5, you know, pegged 100% or close enough to all of those muscle fibers that you can voletionally recruit. So by training close to failure, but not necessarily too failure, you get that motor unit recruitment. Same thing happens. It's at the 10, 20, 25, 30, it's just the actual adaptations that you're selecting for our specific to the rep ranges that you're engaging in. That's the biggest difference there. Any plans for selling barbell medicine banner for those of us with garage gyms? So we just made a bunch for the coaches. I don't know if we'll be releasing them publicly, but it's not off the chart, not off the table, off the chart, off the table. Yeah. What sort of training block are you running right now? I saw you enjoying those sweet 15s. Also any reason for the 15s are just a bit of fun. Yes, it's just a pivot week. I just had a meet two weeks ago and vowed ready to get back into regular training. Might have another week of just kind of low stress. Different exercises, different rep ranges, all that sort of stuff. So 15s, it's just light enough where it's not going to cause a ton of fatigue, get a nice little pump and then move on. Yeah. If you could go back and teach 30 year old Jordan one piece of advice, what would it be? So I'm 34. So it's four years ago. What would I do in age 30? I think I turned 30. I was in residency, I guess. What would I teach myself then? I don't know. I probably just would have tried to sleep more. I think that would have been the big thing. Try to get more sleep. Yeah. Almost done with the legacy 12 week strength and not sure which new templates to do next. In GPP, I purchased first half of 2019. Then did thralls free program before this and want to keep focusing on powerlifting. Yeah. If you did 12 week strength, that do powerlifting too. You'd probably have to do a powerlifting three. Yeah. One of those those two, if you're interested in getting stronger, those would be the two most focused ones and most appropriate for you given what you recently ran. Yeah. Is it a waste of a workout if I go out and drink later that night? A waste of a workout? No. Not necessarily. I mean, you know, alcohol has some significant effects on muscle proteins, synthesis and muscles themselves and your sleep architecture and all sorts of stuff. So it can certainly compromise or attenuate strength improvements if you go out and get drunk short. But having a few drinks, you know, probably not going to be a big deal. Yeah. If your goal is hypertrophy and your advanced lifter, could you make an argument that it would be counterintuitive to run a hypertrophy block while on a calorie while on a calorie deficit? I mean, you're unlikely to gain a significant amount of lean body mass while you're in a calorie deficit. So I don't know that it's counterintuitive because in, you know, if the calorie deficit is last, it runs long enough and it's significant enough, you know, think about getting ready for a bodybuilding show, for example. Then some principles or practices that are normally used in a hypertrophy training. So higher reps, significant amount of isolation exercises or less fatiguing exercise selection, stuff like that. What all be useful, especially when you think about the main role of training, it's really, you know, two main roles. Primarily to reduce any lean body mass losses and then two is sort of a metabolic thing, you know, burn calories to increase your sort of calorie burn total daily energy expenditure throughout the day. So, you know, you have higher volume, usually in hypertrophy blocks, you have less fatiguing exercises which can be useful during periods of higher stress, you know, higher, higher environmental stress. Maybe in this case due to the dietary constraints. And then you're still getting that muscle stimulation to preserve lean body mass to the best of the ability you can. Jordan, thank you for all the info you have shared about training injuries. It has helped my training tremendously. Sick. All right. Question, any benefit to occasionally squat without knee sleeves if so when? So I think if you go and look at like what, you know, sort of benefits, you get out of squatting with knee sleeves that helps better answer this question. So as far as actual scientific literature on knee-uprain knee sleeves, best data we have on this stuff is in osteoarthritis. People tend to report lower pain scores during physical activity with a knee-uprain sleeve. Also increases some joint warmth or temperature of the joint people subjectively report. They're joint feel little looser, more mobile, and you know, might be decreased their pain a little bit. On the other hand, if you start relying on knee sleeves all the time, you know, this is a fairly innocuous kind of training tool, but you know, you would hate to like be hamstrung, pun intended by always using knee sleeves. So should you always use knee sleeves? I mean, I think if you're getting ready for a powerlifting meet and the performance in the gym and the training stress from the gym is very, very important to driving training outcomes. Sure, you know, I also don't think, you know, there's any huge benefit to training without knee sleeves outside of, you know, if you ever forget them, then you're fine. If you wanted to do both, I think that's reasonable as well. I don't really have a strong opinion on this. And so when when I do it, you know, supplemental squat movement, probably be a good place to use it. Pivot weeks, maybe don't wear your knee sleeves. Yeah, those would be the places I wouldn't wear them necessarily. Oh, let's see. High dock. If you have a diet, high saturated fat, but you maintain good, be am I, good, waste or conference, good lean body mass, train hard, and normal blood pressure are you still at risk? Are you still at an increased risk of ASCVD? So ASCVD stands for atheroscerotic cardiovascular disease. So yes, diets, high and saturated fat, compare to diets that are lower and saturated fat tend to increase the risk of atheroscerotic cardiovascular disease. The cut point is about 10% of total daily calories from saturated fat tend to promote deleterious changes in people's lipid profile, meaning that they have more atherogenic lipid profiles, usually LDL, particle concentration, so total LDL count, some evidence with triglycerides in there, but that's for whole another story where the podcast with the flanagan is going to recover this in more and depth. So replacing saturated fats with things like polyunsaturated fatty acids tend to be the most efficacious model in saturated fatty acids still efficacious replacing them with complex carbohydrates that are high in fiber also efficacious at reducing risk of ASCVD against athletic cardiovascular disease. Replacing with sugar makes worse. So yeah, I mean if you're talking about somebody who eats a diet that's got 11% of their total daily calories from saturated fat versus 8% of total daily calories from saturated fats. Probably not big deal to be in that range, but if you're talking about somebody who's following the carnivore diet and their total daily calorie intake, 70% of their total daily calories come from saturated fat and they bring it down 10. That would be a significant improvement. Now, yeah, so having a good BMI, appropriate blood pressure, et cetera, all good things, but there are other components that drive ASCVD. So would not recommend just yellowing your saturated fat Jordan, loving strength 3 so far. One thing I've noticed when I deadlift the first rep of the set usually feels harder than the second and third. Any ideas why? Yeah, this is not an unusual phenomenon. So one, there's this thing called a warm-up effect, or basically you're kind of tentative on the first rep because you're either low-key afraid or scared, then maybe it's going to hurt, and you're not really allowing all of your volitional motor units to kind of fire with maximum force. You kind of have a break on you, a restrictor plate, if you will. And then there's also another thing that we see where people set up for the first rep incorrectly, and they get feedback on that based on how the first rep move and then they fix it for their second and third rep, Sarah Bellum, and other pathways, the brain, it's final quarter like, hey, let's refine this. Let's get you a little more efficient here. So one thing you can do is just pull all of your sets of singles. So you pull a set of five as five singles, one way to kind of make sure that you can get over both of those things that warm-up effect, and then also maybe if your technique needs some refinement. You have any recommendations for someone wanting to start a blog, but not fall into the trap of pedaling misinformation because lack of expertise. Well, a couple tips. If you want to start a resource that you're going to like keep up with and ideally direct people towards. One is to come over the bunch of information before you launch. So that way you're not searching for content immediately. Like you have good content. Two, you know, making confident claims without supporting evidence is problematic. So that's something that you probably should avoid, and I think you'd be okay, Dylan, just knowing you and kind of how your mind works. And then finally, I don't know that I would be writing or opinion about things that I have no expertise in. Just, you know, like, like, I'm trying to think. So for example, I, you know, am not an expert in reproductive physiology. You know, fertility, for example, I know people who are experts in that. And if I wanted to write something about that, and I would probably reach out to them, either having, after having written what I wanted to write and using the appropriate resources to kind of get me closer to the truth. But I would want to make sure that an expert weighs in on something that I don't, you know, you're not necessarily as well a veristin as I'd like to be. Well, that are some good rehab exercises for the Patela. My Patela has been strained and is popping every time I squat and begins to hurt. Yeah. So the Patela is a system-way bone. So you don't really really want to rehab the bone unless it's fractured. But if you have knee pain, then you would want to find ways to train that do not exacerbate your knee pain and allow you to kind of move it through a range of motion underload and ultimately get back to your previous activity level. So if what you're doing now doesn't let you do that, I think that you would first go to exercise modification. So I'm modifying the tempo, the range of motion, the load, all of those things and maybe even the implement that you use, all the reasonable modifications. We can put the knee rehab template, it's available. Also, if you want very specific advice, would recommend doing a consult with Dr. Derek Miles or Dr. Michael Ray, Dr. Michael Amado, these are the best in the biz and they run our pain rehab service. Would you expect to lose strength running the hypertrophy template for an intermediate level lifter who had just come off a couple runs of the bridge 1.0, trying to figure out what to expect. So a good question. So one, I don't think that using the NOMENclature Beginner Intermediate Advanced lifter is terribly useful because it doesn't affect management or expectations. So when somebody tells me they're an intermediate lifter, I don't know what that means and it doesn't make me change their programming. And it's just similarly if someone says they're advanced and like what does that mean? Yeah, rather I think you could have beginners and then non-beginners. So big enters just meaning somebody who's on previously untrained. So what I expect somebody who has just run the bridge 1.0 a few times to get weaker on the hypertrophy template. And so again, strength is specific to what you're training. The bridge 1.0 program is much more focused on swap-inch deadlift than the hypertrophy template is going to be that being said given you know my this theoretical arc that I think you're following in your training program some beginner program and the bridge and the bridge and the hypertrophy program I wouldn't expect to get weaker. I'm probably expecting you get stronger. I actually know some more experienced lifters who've gotten stronger on the hypertrophy template. One guy pulled a PR deadlift and closed to 600 pounds while running the hypertrophy template. So it's my expectation is that you'll do great, you'll do fine. I hope that that is the case, you know, there's the alternative situation where maybe you don't do is great. But at the same time you run an hypertrophy template so I don't know that strength should be your first priority running while running that template. Yeah. During the branch press, right side pushing strength is a lot weaker when grinding heavy reps. The right scapula loses correct position, right arm circumference is also one in smaller. Should I do unilateral training? I don't necessarily think so. I don't know that I'd be grinding out a bunch of reps. It sounds like your technique. Could you some refinement and you know depends how long you've been dealing with this and how long you've been training. You know if you've only been training a year or less. I think there's one of the things that works itself out provided you get on the correct program and you know you probably shouldn't be grinding most or any of your reps because it's just not useful. Is there a big improvement from eating 10 fruits and veggies per day versus five? Yeah. So those dependent relationship between plant matter consumption and overall health outcomes. So yes, is there anything inherently wrong? Oh, this is a good setup. Is there anything inherently wrong with rocking for conditioning? It's about the only form of cardio that I find. I can enthusiastically adhere to. That's fine. I mean, I think it does limit the breath of the breath of your conditioning sort of adaptations because you're not engaging in your rowing or cycling or anything else like that. So if you wanted to have a broad base of physical sort of conditioning, you would want to have exposed yourself to more training, right? More different types of training rather than just one. But you'll be great at rocking. Jordan just finished week one of the bridge. Is there a reason why day three starts with deadlift instead of squat? Yeah. We want you to deadlift fresh. There's nothing inherently better about starting with the squat first all the time. We're not trying to prioritize the squat over the deadlift. We're trying to prioritize strength in the squat bench and deadlift on the program. Also, can I do the paused bench after the tempo squat? I would not. I would rather have you do the paused bench fresher and the tempo squat with more fatigue. It'll decrease the weight on the tempo squats and increase the weight on the pause bench relative than if you flop if you flip them. Yeah. Hey, what form of conditioning would you recommend for the vast majority of power lifters, treadmill, stationary bike, undue both treadmill, stationary bike, a rower? Yeah. All that sort of stuff sledwork. Yeah. There's not a specific type. I would do a lot of different types. Physiologically, what genetic differences are there between two people with the same sex, anthropometry, body composition, muscle mass and training history, but different Wilkes scores? So I think the last time I looked at this, there were close to 76 identified genetic loci that are associated with a distinct, like close to 1% or greater, athletic advantage. So, and that was, I mean, I looked at that. That must have been a year ago. I think it was the last time. I actually did a deeper dive in that. It would not surprise me if at this point we're close to 100. And at the end of it all, when we've fully characterized this thing, we're talking about hundreds of different gene loci. So, yeah, a lot of different things, a lot of different things. ACT and 3 gene is like the most well characterized one, but there's again a plethora of them. Whenever I calculate my weight for, let's say, RP-9 from an RP-8, I always overshoot and do RP-10. Always happens with upper body lifts. I rest three minutes. And by doing something wrong, you could rest longer, you know, three, you know, four minutes. If it's a conditioning thing, depends how long you've been training, or just take more conservative jumps. We'll be the two strategies to use there. I don't think taking rest periods that are longer than like five minutes are very productive for training, you know, unless you're really close to a meat and you're trying to simulate meat situations where you're going to have much longer rest periods. But yeah, more taking more conservative jumps, be a good idea. Have you ever done RP-8's off a deficit, so the same range of motion as a deadlift from the floor? Yes, although I do stiff leg of deadlift like that. So typically with RP-8's, the idea for me, it's not a, I'm not trying to mimic the same range of motion. I'm trying to really work the top down while maintaining the normal extension of the spine. And then again, I'm trying to make it a little less fatiguing than pulls from the floor. stiff leg of deadlift's off a deficit and that being a little, you know, about the same amount of fatigues, a regular deadlift if you're using similar RPs and rep ranges, but usually you'll do them for higher reps. When to take creatine for best results, there's no best time. Just as long as you take it every day. I did a video about this. It's on the tubes, on the barbell medicine channel. So I would recommend watching that on a creatine dosing. Hey Jordan thoughts on creatine causing hair loss. Apparently there was a study with rugby players and maybe you've seen it. Yes, so there was not about creatine and hair loss. It was about creatine and DHT levels. So DHT levels are in general associated like higher DHT levels are in general associated with male pattern baldness. However, DHT levels fluctuate throughout the day. DHT receptor density. So that's target side of activity. Also fluctuate in response to DHT levels. And so just saying that something increase the DHT doesn't necessarily mean it increases male pattern baldness and that study did not actually look at male pattern baldness at all. So right now, we don't really have evidence that this occurs. And further, I think the big thing is if you have male pattern baldness, if it runs in your family, like there's not a lot that you can do to make that better. There are some medications that you can take that may preserve some hair. But as far as actually like and then accelerating it, if you take anabolic endogenic steroids that tends to accelerate male pattern baldness, but creatine, I don't think is quite there yet. So does VO2 max increase benefits, hypertrophy strength in any way other than quicker recovery between sets? Oh, does VO2 max increase hypertrophy or strength in any way other than quicker recovery between sets? Yeah, so outside of improved work capacity, so that you're ready to train more readily for the next set, you also can handle more training which you'll actually need because there's a dose dependent relationship between training volume and strength in hypertrophy. So hey Jordan, thanks for taking the time to do these and answering our questions. You're welcome. How much weight loss would you recommend in a specific period? Currently at 217 stars from 232 would it be beneficial to take a break from a calorie deficit? Yeah, so again, depends on context. If you have a person who's going to be adherent either way, I don't see a reason to take a break from the diet. It's not necessarily going to improve outcomes unless it would improve adherence. If adherence is good, and there and or there's some indication to continue losing weight because the risk of not losing weight is greater than the benefits of maintaining weight than I would encourage for their weight loss. Usually 2.5% body weight per month is kind of the recommendation there. Jordan, my biomechanics professors says deep squats is horrible for your knees and I cringed. They just ask him for citation. He's asking for citation and you can there's a shown field study and a heartman, HAAR, TMAA and and is it 2a's or 2 ends or both? I forget those two recent studies on squat, biomechanics actually like fully rebuts anything your biomechanics professor suggests about this and then I'm kind of like, why is this his opinion? Each Jordan do you recommend adding any conditioning routines? Say once per week for the novices starting linear progression. Yeah, well one I don't recommend starting linear progression. I think the program has many holes in it and it would not and conditioning is one of them would not recommend. I would recommend you start our beginner template. It's much better program for most individuals and includes conditioning and that would be my recommendation for conditioning for untrained individuals. I believe you said that the bench press responds better to higher volume than say the back squat. Nope, I didn't say that. Yeah, there's a dose dependent relationship between training volume and strength and hypertrophy and this is, you know, universal like as far as absolute amounts. It might be higher for upper body stuff, but I don't necessarily believe that to be true either. Yeah, hey cool glasses. Thanks. Finally out of a rotation and able to catch this live. Gonna enjoy this with some wine. Cheers. Cheers. Top of Chico. Drink a champions. I feel like I should put this out of the frame. So like we're not advertising for them. Thanks for taking a pic with me at Ron Nationals. It was great meeting you guys. We also need those barbell medicine singlets to come back. Yeah, we're uh, it's also man. Good to see you on here. I think we're gonna make some SPD singlets with the barbell medicine logo on them with SPD. They like our stuff and we like their stuff. So it's gonna be great. Jordan and deadlift bench and press are all going up. Okay. Squat has been stuck at 344 for about eight months. Should I just quit lifting and do Pilates instead? Probably not. I'd be one curious to know what programming you're running and you know overall what your squad is looked like in the last eight months from a, you know, a progression or regressions standpoint. Yeah, but if your deadlift is going up and your bench is going up, it seems like you still have some progress left in you. Since older adults are more anoblockly resistant than younger folks. How many grams per kilo body weight of protein do you recommend per day? Yeah, so the recommendations from S bin for healthy aging. I believe is 1.2 to 2 grams per kilogram body weight per day that means that our general recommendation includes older individuals 1.6, oh it's 3.1 grams per kilo per day just depending on you know other context contextual factors like gaining weight losing weight you know some disease that makes them more anoblock resistant or not. But yeah, you know if you get close to that one gram per pound which is 2.2 grams per kilogram body weight per day then you're gonna be okay. I don't know that you need to make it more complicated than that. Doc or the bridge 3.0 and strength 1 significantly different. They are yes trying to decide whether or not to buy strength 1, I already own bridge 3. Yeah, so I think you know if you are gonna limit if you're gonna train 3 days per week and you're interested in driving up your bench press your squat and your deadlift strength 1 is the plan. If you can expand your training to 4 days a week will do strength 2. Yeah, given that you were just ran the bridge 3.0 is stimulation of the lymphatic system via foam rolling one of the reasons people find a perceived benefit from it. No the foam rolling does not stimulate the lymphatic system because it's you know not you can you know mechanical compression can like move things around but it's not stimulating. Yeah foam rolling does not do anything does not decrease injury risk doesn't decrease pain or or things like doms to late onset muscle soreness doesn't increase risk of injury and it actually can reduce performance and potentially cause harm as well if you have a very aggressive foam rolling session. It makes you feel better I mean that's cool I would do it after training but I would not recommend people do it to start out with. The main thing is it builds these narratives that are not great like the narrative that builds is that you need to do this sort of thing mechanically to repair yourself restore yourself because you otherwise broke and damaged and are like a car or a machine. When that's not true we are highly adaptable highly resilient you know biological organisms. So is there a general recommendation for how much one should increase training volume if they decided more volume is necessary? No unfortunately not. Yeah I think you know usually somewhere that 10 to 20 percent range weekly volume tends to be like my sweet spot yeah. Current med student can't really afford to pay for the templates any alternatives I mean the beginner to intermediate range. Well our beginner prescription is free it's free download bridge 1.0 is a free download general strength training program is free download that being said I mean I was in med school I remember and I think you know one not a drinkin with your with the buddies you know that gets you a template. So yeah can creatine lead to urinating more frequently. No not that I've not that I've seen any data on so. Do you think fasting 24 hours one time per week is an acceptable strategy for calorie reduction? No I don't. Yeah the data on intermittent fasting suggests that people don't lose more weight when they do it. The the attrition rate is a little higher but maybe not statistically significant between so the dropout rate right for people in intermittent fasting arms versus regular calorie restriction arms is similar although maybe a little higher intermittent fasting although again it might not be significant so I don't know if that's really a valid criticism you know on the other hand if someone prefers intermittent fasting that's fine but just doing it one day a week it doesn't fix the the main problem which is dietary patterns is just doing something one day a week it's a might be a decent start for somebody you know to get them in the right headspace to get them more resources more tools or strategies to adhere to a calorie restricted diet but this is not going to be enough for most folks physician prescribed testosterone for short-term fat loss thoughts I mean for that indication nope but you're usually more of the story than that so would reserve judgment but yeah not a great medication for a term fat loss just for that indication alone. On bench my feet tend to slip on my lifting platform any coding to put down on the platform or possibly something on my shoes if you're on wood you know like a pot like a wooded platform might use rubber mats underneath the bench underneath your feet if you put carpet over it that would work do you have any ab work besides what you naturally occurs in a lift we all see you doing regularly yeah do a lot of ab wheel rollouts of these hits else it's stuff like that yeah random topic change but it saw the story about the new oh lenses yeah why did you get a 50 but out of 35 and what Sony body do you shoot with so I have a 35 1.2 sigma art lens I have their 24 1.4 so I have a bunch of primes now I think my prime collection is set for video work I have a a 6587R3 so what should you do I feel like it's hard to train consistently in medical school do you have any tips yeah I mean I can empathize because you know you're very busy and you may not have the biggest fortunate to have either gym in your garage or a gym that's on campus or close to you or whatever but honestly medical school like especially the preclinical years there's like a substantial amount of time to train and if you're not going to take the 60 minutes or 90 minutes out of your day to dedicate to your own well-being your own you know health I don't know how to convince you that that's more important than something else I think there's all this pressure also like I can understand like all this pressure you gotta learn everything you have to know everything and whatever but like you know if you're really unhealthy and really unhappy and training helps you know make you healthier and happier then I think you have to engage in training and yeah also I talked about this on our training podcasts or medical podcast yeah I don't know I was not something that I struggled with but if it were me and I was struggling with it then I would just I would literally schedule it I'd put it in my phone after whenever my last you know mandatory thing is I have to go to the gym I'd make sure I have my gym close you know on my bag or in my car if I drove to camp and then I would go yeah so I would do Jordan to what extent is I purchased for you possible without a calorie surplus my current thinking is the more trained a person the less this is possible yeah general you know the more trained you become the less it's possible also you know there's a big genetic component here you know maybe 50 60 70% of the hypertrophy potential of persons genetically you know influenced or determined you know guided you know people aren't gonna like that but you know sometimes it do be like that in any event I think that if you're not gaining weight the idea that you're gaining substantial amounts of lean body mass probably not true some people will yeah particularly the less trained they are the more favorable genetic profile is yeah our slower rates of weight loss beneficial from a loose skin perspective not from any objective standpoint that I've seen no what's the link between osteoarthritis and wear and tear so since you're in medical school I'm gonna use the secratic method and direct you to our resources on osteoarthritis but let's just here's a thought experiment for the people at home so osteoarthritis previously was you know and maybe sometimes currently depending on who's given the diagnosis it was referred to as a diagnosis of wear and tear you're wear and tear on the joints which is and then when you talk about obesity people who have a higher rates of osteoarthritis is because you're putting more force more pressure on the joints it's like okay if that's your explanation will why why do obese people also have osteoarthritis in their wrists and fingers and elbows these non-weight-bearing joints this makes sense right so one of the connections between obesity and osteoarthritis that also kind of loosadated these pathways other pathways of osteoarthritis have to do with the dipocines and other sort of inflammatory signaling molecules that ultimately can cause osteoarthritis was the best thing for osteoarthritis usually physical activity yeah like first line treatment and addition education thoughts on fiber supplementation it's reasonable yeah silly musk it's fun I think you know after you're recommending eating more fruits and vegetables that can be reasonable recommendation sure what's the correlation between heavy squats and ascending aortic aneurysm no correlation yeah yeah fortunately ascending aortic aneurysms are rare and ascending the aortic aneurysms endurance squatting are also rare this funny because at a seminar in New York this guy wrote down on his you know intake form like that he had an ascending aortic aneurysm and I was like I went up to him and I was like hey man is this okay like if you've been clear to exercise by your doctor you know he goes well yeah I'm a doctor also you know etc etc and I was like okay as long as you guys know when an agreement we're good to go here Jordan do you think there is an anecdotal correlation between upper body muscle mass and bench press performance I don't just think there's an anecdotal correlation I think there's empirical you know and and also just objective scientific evidence between upper body muscle mass and bench press performance yeah so according to my calculations I've been here for like almost an hour so thank you so much for watching here in Instagram YouTube wherever you're checking this out right 5 p.m. a fast ticking can get high with me as a deal right as a deal right as a bit right