Music Instagram Live, what's going on? It's Dr. Jordan Faganbaum, Barbell Medicine. It is the 17th of March. We're doing a surprise. Instagram Live here for about the next 30 minutes. While I'm, you know, making dinner. What we do here if you haven't joined us before, it's a Q&A session. I want to make sure that you guys know to ask me a question. So I'll just say ask me a question. Ideally, these questions are related to fitness, medicine, health, whatever, and are generally applicable. So it's like a very specific injury that you're having, a better place for that question. It might be the forum where you could just kind of explain your history. We could talk about it. So you can find that on thebarbell medicine.com website. Just join a forum and we have a pain and rehab forum. Specific. So that'll be useful there. Or you can ask your question on our Facebook group. But yeah, so we do here at Cell Live Q&A. Ask your question in the comment below and I'll try to get to it. If you're a returning viewer, thanks for coming back. Let's see. All right, next level Benson asks, how would someone ideally balance lifting and running without taking many days off? This question is interesting from a few different levels. So let's address first off the elephant in the room. Most people will kind of be afraid of mixing a lot of resistance training with a lot of endurance training because they're afraid of this interference effect. The adaptations that you're leaning from, the endurance training are going to impede or attenuate or otherwise interact with negatively the adaptations you're seeking from the resistance training. It's usually not so much that endurance folks are afraid of the adaptations from resistance training, impeding the adaptations they're selecting by engaging in a lot of endurance training. But that would be the same type of thing, the interference effect. Tens to only be problematic, meaning that it's actually decreasing the limitations that you're leaning from training when the volume of training is too high. The volume, actually to be more correct, the overall training stress from one or potentially both elements are too high. And so effectively you're just trying to keep your head above water and tolerate the training. You're not really able to make as good or as rapid improvement and realizing the adaptations that your training is sort of producing. So as far as where to cut that off, it really depends on the individual their training history and in particular what is their endurance training history, what is their resistance training training history. But my kind of rule of thumb here is for new individuals, people new to training, or people new to endurance training since we're Bartle Medicine. It's not like running medicine or like, you know, cardiovascular, endurance medicine. Most of the folks that we train, you know, work with have some experience with barbells or, you know, that's where they're starting. So that's self-selected population. So most of those folks, if they're trying to get into endurance training, and you know, we do program enough endurance work and aerobic work in their training to meet the current physical activity guidelines. That's one of our kind of staples. After that, it's just slowly increasing that volume. So, you know, three times a week, 30 minutes for steady state sort of cardio. That's kind of like that limit that I don't really like to go above or in a different specific work. Behavioral sort of physical activity that would fall on, you know, in the criteria for the physical activity guidelines like walking. I don't really count that. But, you know, if we're talking about actual like, oh, you're jogging, you're running, you're rowing, you're swimming, whatever. Three times a week, 30 minutes per time. That's kind of like that cap that I have on newer sort of trainees, they're relatively new to resistance training and they haven't done a lot of aerobic work before. That obviously goes out the window if people become more and more trained. So, how to program for this? Well, it just depends on what you're going to prioritize if anything. I don't know that you should necessarily have more days off or less days off because I don't know anything about your current program. Our endurance template, you know, uh, trains people four days a week and you have three, uh, or four dedicated, like endurance workouts that you can kind of split up. So, theoretically, you could train every day. Or you could take two days off a week or three days off a week if you're starting to pair some of the stuff together. It just really depends on your like training background, training history, your, the resources you have to training, uh, you know, do you have access to a gym, do you have access to, you know, various, different modes of aerobic activity and all of those sort of stuff. But I wouldn't really worry about the interference effect unless you're just doing way too much. And then, uh, you know, the second part of this is like, what do you really want to get out of your training? And then you get to kind of program around that. You know, Jordan, do you still recommend resistance training to patients who don't have immediate access to a home gym or a gym membership? I recommend resistance training to all adults, actually all individuals, um, based on current guidelines. Now, as far as what does that look like, it just depends on what the resources are. One of the biggest barriers to actually participating in physical activity is access. And so people are like, you know, no excuses, you make your own, you know, sort of path is like, well, if you don't have access, do to whatever, you know, situation that may not be your fault, even though you are responsible for that, uh, you know, that's kind of a hard line to toe. So, yeah, if people don't have access to any equipment at home, we have our at home, you know, how to exercise at home. They have free template there, free article, on how to do that. And I think that would help people meet or at least work towards meeting those current guidelines for resistance training. I obviously think external resistance, uh, is going to be useful for most folks, uh, make it easier for them to meet the current guidelines for resistance training. And for individuals who are, um, chiefly concerned with performance outcomes, particularly low velocity strength or even high velocity strength power, uh, and also muscular hypertrophy. I think having access to equipment is, you know, makes that a little bit easier, a little more efficient. Hey, Jordan, do you do your posture recommendations change for folks with osteoporosis? No, we don't have any general posture recommendations outside of that. There are many different postures that sort of, uh, you know, will work as far as like allowing an individual to participate in a full and complete life without excess risk of pain or injury. And that, uh, carries over to folks with osteoporosis or other muscular skeletal or as the Aussie say, muscular skeletal conditions. Thoughts on watching video on bar speed to determine RPE if you struggle with gauging it. I think that you should really try and, you know, use how the set felt with respect to exertion level. I mean, that's the whole point of RPE, uh, and rely heavily on that. And then allow the video and the velocity of the barbell in the video compared to previous performances to sort of fine tune it rather than the opposite be true. I don't, I think people, a lot of people expect that their RPE ratings like they're just they're going to be a wizard with it. It doesn't need to be very accurate. Right. It doesn't need to be, well, I rated this a seven. It has to be absolutely a seven. Whatever type of scale you're using. So you can use a reps and reserve scale. We're a seven means you have three reps left of the tank. You could have a different scale. Like if you're doing singles, for example, RPE seven should feel like an easy opener, uh, you know, or for some individuals, they might have a completely different scale. Right. RPE seven on a single might feel like the last warmup before an opener, if you're a competitive power lifter or it might feel like you have, you know, or you just have it, that's an easy effort. I mean, you can make this with the scale, whatever you want. It thing is it doesn't have to be accurate. It just needs to be precise. Meaning that you're using it and applying it the same way each time and the similar context. So I wouldn't worry about like, man, I'm just really bad at RPE. It's like it doesn't need to be perfect. There's air in there. That's fine as long as you're introducing the same or similar amounts of air each time. That's kind of the idea here. And then yeah, you can find to it with some bar speed. But I find that, you know, whichever way you're sort of we're leaning previously based on how the set felt and the the workout for the day, um, you're going to kind of trend and your personality type. You're going to kind of see the video and perceive it in a certain way. So if you're kind of person who's like who tends to overshoot stuff, you know, you're going to see the video and say, yeah, so look that thing moved quickly, right? And your friends are always going to say, yeah, yeah, I moved pretty pretty well. And you're going to add weight, maybe too much. Um, I don't know. And if you're the type of person who tends to undershoot stuff and be super conservative, uh, you're going to see just like, ah, it's kind of slowed down there a little bit. And so you're going to see what you want to see and I just don't know how much it adds unless you could objectively measure the velocity, meaning like, all right, this is how much the the bar is being displaced and here's how much time is being, you know, uh, has passed by so you actually get a number. So velocity trackers can be useful to kind of like, again, fine tune that, but I think you're the way it felt and how that correlates to whatever scale you're using should super seed any objective sort of data. Adam Johnson, thoughts on Greek yogurt as a protein source, I love it. I eat Greek yogurt nearly every day. Yeah, one of my staples. Uh, big fan, big fan of Greek yogurt. I thought it was a easy question. I have world, uh, amino acid profiles great, right? The protein to calorie sort of ratio is great for me. Um, and I think for most folks, particularly if you're using the low-fat or non-fat stuff, um, yeah, if you're lactose intolerant, probably not for you, but other than that, you know, or vegan or vegetarian folks who don't eat del consumed dairy. Otherwise, yeah, they could pretty good. Bel underscore beaver, aside from dietary patterns carried into adulthood is saturated fat consumption, a problem in children, can be, yeah, if it's very, very high. It's the same, same recommendations apply towards adults. I like you to free pass because you're younger. Um, yeah, high consumption of saturated fatty acids in a diet in general increased athoschorotic cardiovascular disease risk. Uh, in addition, and that dietary pattern is, yeah, there's a lot of inputs that go into the dietary patterns and eating environments and food environments that kind of stem from childhood. So, be really hard to tease all that stuff out, too. Do you believe that everyone has an optimum weight to make the most strength gains possible for them? No, I do not believe that. I think there's a range probably, but that range is likely wider than people think as far as being substantially lower and probably substantially higher. Uh, that being said, when you start layering on top of that, you know, health, uh, sort of, uh, you know, health outcomes, that range probably gets a little narrower. But I think people are associating a lot of like muscular size and amount of lean body mass with strength performance a little too closely for what the data actually sort of reflects, um, at this time. There are ways to make muscles bigger without making them necessarily stronger, particularly if the strength test is a low velocity, one rep max, um, sort of effort, there are ways to make muscles stronger without making them bigger. Uh, and I think that when you sort of understand that the relationship between muscular size and muscular strength probably isn't as strong, if it were being charitable that view, it's probably probably not as strong as, you know, we've been led to believe. Then you start to understand, yeah, there's probably this large range of body weights and body compositions where you can make really good strength gains and the strength improvements are going to depend on the test, like what strength improvements are you actually testing and then also the programming, the programming is going to be the biggest determinant of how strong you get. David Rodriguez 168, what's up Jordan, exclamation points. So it's what's up Jordan? Uh, how much muscle mass and strength loss can be expected to be lost if an individual stop training altogether for over a month. So muscle mass, uh, provided you're not sedentary, I wouldn't actually expect you to lose hardly any if if any at all. The a lot of the data we have on like muscle cross sectional area decay or decrease, uh, and people who are not bedridden and who are not critically ill, suggest that you're probably not going to lose much if any at all, especially if you're eating a substantial amount of pressure protein and again, our active, otherwise physically active as far as strength. Yeah, the data is imperfect is imperfect because they're testing, you know, relatively athletic populations or people who are pretty easily untrained. Um, so that that can be problematic and as far as I can recall, there's not a study out that just measured it at one month. But strength decay in some populations took much longer than that to actually go down, uh, with respect to the barbeda lifts. So I wouldn't actually expect that much fall off for a month. Yeah. And for over a month, I mean, you start getting two months, three months. Yeah, I would expect muscle cross sectional area to decrease, I would expect, you know, your strength performance to go down as you become deconditioned and those adaptations decay as far as how much it's not going to be a lot. You know, you want hard numbers. I don't have them for you because there's such a wide and inter individual range with respect to strength, strength decay and then again, it just takes, it seems to be taking a lot longer than we, we think. Um, and particularly if you're active, uh, it takes a long time to generate these strength adaptations, and it takes a long time to lose them. Same thing with cardiovascular adaptations, as far as particularly if we're talking about a similar magnitude, right? As far as muscle mascos, yeah, the muscles get smaller. You lose some muscle cross sectional area. But the amount, uh, this concept is called the Myonuclear Domain, and it's related to the number of Myonuclear muscles cells, the each muscle cells responsible for particular area of the muscle fiber, as far as replacing proteins, managing damage proteins, et cetera, et cetera. So this Myonuclear Domain, there's a domain for each of these cell nuclei. Uh, and so you don't lose any nuclei, even if you're inactive, but the actual size of the muscle uh, become smaller because due to disuse. So effectively the signal to the, that muscle cell is like, hey, you don't need to make as much protein and then muscle cells like, all right, cool, I won't. But then when you as soon as you give it back that signal to get bigger and grow, uh, the muscle cell goes, oh yeah, I remember what I'm supposed to do, and then you get a rapid restoration and muscle cross sectional area. Yep, that preservation of Myonuclear Domain is, is super important. What are your top three favorite air Jordans that you own? Okay, yes, so if you guys did know that some sneaker head and Jordans happened to be one of my favorites, I like, I really do like the, uh, air Jordans, the classics. Uh, I got, uh, the band ones are really great. I do love those, uh, as far as new air Jordans, the mocha's that just came out. I like those, my air Jordans force that I have for golf, this cement, oh boy, those things are, those things are great. And then, um, other one, oh retrofives, retrofives that are white with the red and blue. I mean, it's patriotic. That's why I like the band so much to the white and the red. It's just, um, and uh, I'm just not going to spend as much money on like the off whites or whatever, because I do, I wear these things. So, in any case, those are my favorite. Is the increased rate of muscle gain, bulking, greater than the subsequent muscle loss cutting when compared to bulking with a period and maintenance to recomp if being lean, being very lean isn't a priority. I guess you're asking if, if you gain muscle faster, do you retain more of it when you're cutting? And the answer is in general, yes, though again, this hasn't really been directly investigated. Uh, yeah, you gain more muscle when you're gaining more weight, but you also gain more body fat. And then when you go to lose muscle, uh, lose body weight, yeah, you're going to lose a little bit of muscle mass, but to the extent that you can preserve that with the adequate protein diet and resistance training, um, and in general losing weight a little bit slower, uh, yeah, you should be able to retain more muscle mass. Um, the maintenance period is probably important, uh, with respect to, uh, more important with respect to weight loss, transitioning into a weight gain phase, then it is from transitioning from a weight gain phase to a weight loss phase. Uh, basically you get this, if you've lost weight, sort of for a period of time, and then you go right back to a weight gain phase, you get the sort of preferential restoration of fat mass. To the extent that you can avoid that, uh, weight stabilization period seemed to help. Uh, I have not seen data on the opposite where people are gaining weight, and then a weight stabilization phase actually helps them preserve more muscle mass when cutting. It's theoretically possible, but I don't I don't know that I could be confident about saying that. Tristan underscore J underscore right is ketosis, an actual thing that helps with losing weight, or is that just all BS, uh, ketosis is the bi-definition is the, when the body's making ketones, ketone bodies, uh, due to fatty acid metabolism and the mitochondria, uh, being in ketosis, uh, and higher levels of ketosis, via a ketogenic diet, so diet that produces higher levels of ketosis, is, is one way to lose weight, um, provided you're in a calorie deficit. If you're asking does a ketogenic diet produce greater weight loss outcomes, or better sustained weight loss outcomes, or better adherence to a weight loss diet, then other types of diet the answer to that is no. Um, we have pretty good data on that. In fact, it looks like very low carbohydrate diets, which would include ketogenic diets. Actually, they tend to lose less fat mass and more lean body mass, uh, then diets that are higher in carbohydrates, also don't tend to gain as much lean body mass when in a calorie surplus, um, and following resistance training program. So it doesn't mean that a ketogenic diet or low carb diet or very low carb or a hydrodiet, which the definitions would have to be fleshed out for a really in-depth conversation of this. I do that in the book. Uh, it doesn't mean that they're not viable diets. They're perfectly fine for people that prefer that type of diet, but I don't know that I could sit here and tell you that they're any better than a different, another type of diet because the data doesn't say that they are. Top three songs for a heavy single currently go. Uh, yeah. So I actually have a training list on Spotify. Let's check it out. Okay. So look, man, I think that you should start out with the Allen Parsons Project. Serious. It's the Chicago Bulls theme song. It's getting in the right head space. Right? Then you're going to put your belt on, get, get, you know, start getting hype. I think you got to do mega-debt, Symphony of Destruction. I'm just saying that one's lapse. Uh, alternatively, if you're looking for something more a little a little more hip hop, I would say key-gloc, key-gloc do. Great, great, great jam. Is mixed grip okay for deadlift? Don't want to die. Definitely doesn't increase your risk of mortality. And I wrote a pretty long article about this called the grip problem. It's on the website. Yeah, mixed grips totally fine with me. I don't actually know that it increases risk of biceps tendon rupture and it just a perfectly fine way to hold on to the barbell. Best initial targets when you're coming back to training after a long break. We have an article on a website called how to return to training. We use RPE to pick your targets. How to reconcile a doctor's fitness advice with barbell medicines, fitness advice if they conflict. Ask the doctor for evidence to support their stance and also understand that it is highly unlikely that they're training with respect to exercise prescription, coaching, etc. is anywhere close to ours. And I'd be happy to discuss that publicly. Was told to avoid grains, dairy and gluten when my doctor diagnosed me with Hashimoto's, but I'm unable to find data is he punky me. If your doctor recommended that, I'd be very, very curious as to what the statuses of their board certification and endocrinology. It sounds like something that a person who's not educated in this topic would say. People do say this stuff and then when you ask for a data, they go quiet because there's not data. Well, they talk about anecdotes. Well, my friend or my cousin or my I had a patient who did this. Yeah, there's no data on that. Would not recommend specifically switching to that dietary pattern to manage Hashimoto's, because that's not how you manage Hashimoto's. If you want to follow that dietary pattern, otherwise, because you prefer it, and it helps you maintain a healthy body weight and sustains your level of physical performance during physical activity, etc. That's all finding good, but that's not how you manage Hashimoto's. Okay, you might have heard the bell earlier, and that was my dinner. Well, at least the rice portion. So I got to go finish dinner. I have finished making dinner so I can eat the dinner. But yeah, this was fun. Mist you guys and gals here on Instagram Live. Can I'm Dr. Jordan Fagamam, Barbol Metacin. I recorded this on the fancy cameras, so I'll probably put this up here later on. And next time, you know, we'll get more of your friends. So when I post it, share with your friends and see you next time. Have a good night. Later.