Hey, welcome back to the Barbell Medicine Instagram Live. I am Dr. Jordan Fagamab. It is the 8th of October doing Instagram Live Q&A, first off some announcements, thing number one, yesterday posted a new training blog over on the YouTube channel. You're on YouTube right now. You can click back and check that out. It's got a training. We talked about sad extraction. We talked about cancer and exercise and a bunch of other cool stuff and review some of the user submitted form checks. Other things, newsletter is dropping this weekend before Saturday. So if you're not signed up for a newsletter list, you should do that. An announcement number three, these shirts, there's this color way, there's black, there's also a navy blue. Those are going to be available very shortly. They've already shipped to our distributors, so keep a lookout on the website for that. And then we've got at least one new template dropping this week. So our Titan 2 template, also a couple free downloads for the impending cross-foot open. So a bunch of cool stuff coming up. So be sure to keep checking the website, follow us on Instagram, YouTube, wherever you want to partake in your Barbell Medicine Daily dosing. Now let's see if we get into some questions you guys have submitted by Instagram. I'm recording this for YouTube. We'll be up there later, provide us some good questions, good content, etc. The thing is streaming live on YouTube is problematic. Not only for views because the algorithm, but also just internet bandwidth and yeah, it's not great. Anyway, let's see if we can get some questions from you guys and go from there. Do you have a dog or are you planning on getting a doggo? Yes, so the context for this is I posted a new trial that came out. This was in New England Journal of Medicine, Journal Watch. And they were talking about how dog ownership actually has tenancy towards the lowering cardiovascular and all cause mortality. I don't have a dog mainly because I move quite frequently and places, certain places that I've lived don't allow pets. Although the place I'm in now does allow pets and there's actually a dog park in the building, which is kind of nice. But I don't have a dog yet, but maybe maybe, maybe soon. Freaking Cardinals on subscribe. Yeah, I'm a Cardinals fan. I mean, as far as sports go, the Cardinals are tied to two with the braves. I mean, I feel like every season seems like in the postseason we end up playing the braves. But yeah, from St. Louis, I'm a Cardinals fan. You can also subscribe. Hey, Jordan recently I've been eating a poor diet in terms of not getting a lot of fruits or vegetables. Just after in just after recovering fully from a small flare of colitis, but still feel tired every day. Yeah, so if you actually had colitis and you have a medical condition like ulcerative colitis or something like that, I would definitely work that up with your doctor and then they're associated nutrition professional rather than kind of trying to self-manage this. I don't think that's the play here. But in a more general sense, we do recommend that people try to get 10 servings of fruit and vegetables per day. So that's five and five, six and four or something like that. The idea is one, it's going to automatically make sure that you're taking in a pretty good dose of fiber or your our goal of fiber goals would be 30, 35 grams of fiber per day to the fiber nutrients, the final sterols, and some of these foods, the flavinoids, etc. All these other fruit and vegetable nutrients that are isolated to these types of foods tend to be very health-promoting. We have a pretty good evidence suggesting that consuming fruits and vegetables tend to promote tend to be health-promoting. So would recommend, this is general rule, 10 servings of fruit-vegeted per day. You can split that up however you want to. Would you say that bench press and overhead press is enough for front debt-delta development. So the anterior deltoid, I guess it depends on who you're talking about. If you're talking about a beginner and you're looking and you're talking about muscle growth of the anterior deltoid or the entire deltoid all three muscle bellies or all the muscles of the shoulder girdle, yeah, you could make an argument that bench press and overhead press probably along with a row and something like maybe a vertical pull as well would be enough to develop all of that in a fairly untrained individual. Although there's no real need to restrict them to those movements. They're not any better for developing hypertrophy in the deltoid or the muscles of the shoulder girdle than other exercises like dumbbell bench or dumbbell press or dip or weighted pushups potentially or incline bench or literally just hammer strength. Again, as long as the range of motion is similar or exercise that have a large range of motion that you can progressively overload with weight and or with weight and training volume, then really the biggest kind of limiting factor towards hypertrophy is going to be how much volume can you do without incurring too much fatigue. So probably movements that are not compound movements are probably going to have to get into the program for bodybuilding purposes. So the question was, is the bench press and overhead press enough for front deltoid development? I mean, if we're talking from a hypertrophy standpoint and we're talking long term, the answer is no. You're probably going to have to do some isolation work for that. If you're talking about for strength purposes, then I wouldn't think about individual muscle groups. Yeah, I know that is kind of a longer answer and soundbites are preferred, but I would just try to get out of the mindset of, you know, is this enough for one particular muscle? I don't know, just doesn't seem like a good kind of thought process or useful thought process that I think engaging in regularly. I think I just not do that. Let's see, why do people say red meat is bad for you? Well, because, well, I'll get to that. Okay, here we go. Why do people say red meat is bad for you? Does it actually contribute to increasing LDLs or does eating too many calories and gaining weight from a calorie surplus contribute to high LDLs? Thanks. So a couple different issues here. So there's definitely evidence out there suggesting that high intake of red meat can increase certain rates of cancer. Okay, particularly colorectal cancers, the thing we have the most data on. So you look at the IARC International Association Research International Association for Research on Cancer and compile all the data on the process and unprocessed red meat consumption and incidence of colorectal cancer. And yeah, there seems to be a link there. So the recommendation right now is to limit the number of servings per week to about three servings of red meat per week. And then when you go, when you talk about LDLs, so LDL means low density lipoprotein, lipoprotein is just a lipid and a protein. Lipids cannot really travel through the blood on their own. They need to be carried around by a protein. So that's the protein component of the lipoprotein. So LDL is not cholesterol. LDL is cholesterol that's packed into a protein. And so that's what you measure on a standard lipid test for example. It does eating saturated fat intake, which is generally in a pretty good, it's contained in a pretty good amount in most red meat. Does consuming higher intakes of saturated fat tend to increase LDL lipoprotein count. And the answer is yes. We have this in multiple lines of evidence. So metabolic word studies were they actually admit people to either research facility or hospital and keep them under locking key and feed them all the certain things. Okay, increasing dietary saturated fat intake above a certain level tends to promote increase number of LDL. And then further when you replace saturated fat intake with things like monotentrated fats, polyensaturated fats, whole grain foods, fruits and veg, or protein, you tend to get a drop in LDL. And LDL is associated high LDLs, the single best predictor we have from a lipid panel as far as predicting ASCVD, which means aploscerotic cardiovascular disease, which includes things like heart attack, stroke, peripheral artery disease, etc. So yeah, hopefully that answered some of all your questions. And if the take home is, should you eat all this unlimited ounce of red meat, the answer that is no. And so diets like the carnivore diet and some iterations of the ketogenic diet tend to be less, a tend to have some risk associated with them and depends on the potential benefits somebody's getting from that diet. So weight loss, yes, can affect weight loss and weight gain can affect your total your cholesterol panel. But you know, I would not try to think about that independent of red meat intake when you're thinking about constructing dietary patterns that are health promoting. And the other thing is, I don't think that the fact that I'm not a doctor is often doing raw national's, nope. And will you ever do another raw national's of future? I mean, maybe. Yeah, I just don't really like coaching and lifting the same weekend. Not really fun for me. And yeah, I don't think that I want to at this point participate in the USAPL for now. Doesn't mean forever, but for now. What's a good belt style or brand preference? Thanks for doing these. Yeah, I don't really have a belt preference, like far as brand goes. I have a best belts, which is made by Dean Best. I think it's fine. Pioneer belts also tend to make a good product. Inzer has got a ready made belt. If you get just a black color, then you can actually get it shipped to you within a reasonable amount of time. Everything else is going to take you a long time. The SPD lever belt is very expensive, but also very good. I just think a four inch single prong belt. It's 13 millimeters thick. It tends to be the default size rather that I recommend and for most folks. I think getting it from Pioneer or Best Belt reasonable choice there. Thoughts on Mad Cal, 5x5 program. Yeah, I don't think it's very good. So it was good in the period of the internet where free training resources were limited. But now there's a bunch of free stuff on the internet. There's a lot of limitations. There are a lot of limitations to the Mad Cal program. If you like it, that's great. But my opinion, I wouldn't advise somebody to run that. No. How to target different parts of the thighs for hypertrophy? Well, I assume you just mean quadriceps versus hamstrings because you're not really able to target different areas of the quadricep versus different areas of the hamstring. Unless you're talking about not targeting the rectus femurus muscle, which is a quadricep muscle that crosses both the hip and the knee joint. And tends to not get fully activated until there's a substantial amount of fatigue in the quadriceps already. So one training the quadz, knee extension, hip flexion, mostly knee extension, going to be the big one and then training knee flexion. Some hip extension is going to train the hamstrings. What if an exercise is to choose from? So it takes me at least 20 minutes to get through an exercise. Warm up in the work sets is that too long. I spent at least 2 hours in the gym, want to cut down. I mean, 20 minutes to get through an exercise is not long. If you're doing 3 exercises each time, that's an hour. So I'd want to know why it's taking you 2 hours then to get it in. If it takes you 20 minutes to get through an exercise, the warm up in the work sets. That's what I'd want to know. Yep. It possible to start steadily gaining weight without a significant change in diet. I mean, yeah, if you eat the exact same thing, then you become much less active. You could start gaining weight. That happens, or potentially if you start medication, that promotes weight gain, particularly with the water retention. Yeah, all sorts of things can conspire or can found. You're sort of weight variable depending on what's going on. That's worse. Smoking or obesity. I don't know that I could say that one is worse. I mean, obesity definitely has its hands in more chronic diseases and you could make an argument that it's the healthcare costs and the quality of life suffering from being obese. Maybe it's more substantial than smoking, but smoking is still pretty bad. You prefer neither of those things to affect somebody. Our speed reps on the main lifts beneficial. Example 10 sets of 3 with the lightweight and under a minute rest. I mean, if you want to get better at producing force at high velocity, so high velocity force production, sure. You would want to train that via high velocity training, which you have to do it a lightweight. It doesn't really help with low velocity force production, which are heavy, that's heavy, heavy weight lifting. Heavy heavy strength training. Then doing it on a one minute rest doesn't mean anything. All it's doing is limiting your ability to actually produce high velocity force production. So it turns to be it tends to be in a little more conditioning. And then may actually be able to stimulate a little bit of, excuse me, hypertrophy via the fatigue that's generated through that the artificially short rest periods, whereas it wouldn't if you had a longer rest period and you were just squatting 55% for doubles or triples for 10 sets. Probably not a big hypertrophy stimulus there unless you get fatigued enough by the end of those by doing them every minute on the minute that you're actually getting substantial motor unit recruitment. What kind of uses substitute for a pit shark or belt squat? You're going to need a loading pin and a dip belt. You can do that and stand on boxes and do a belt squat like that. You could also have a landmine attachment where you have a barbell jammed in the landmine and then use your dip belt on one end of that and you do it like that. There's also a way I guess you could do it theoretically on like something with like a low pulley set up where you can stand above it and hook a dip belt to that. Those would all work. Yeah. Have you ever tested how many words you can type in a minute? I'm tempted to do it but I'm not going to do it because I don't want to waste everybody's time for a minute. Coming to the Miami seminar stoked very cool. Yeah, we're selling out. So upcoming educational opportunities via barbell medicine. So our Boston, pain and rehab seminar sold out. We have, I think, two spots left are Portland seminar, our regular barbell medicine seminar with Dr. Barackie and I December wall off January will be in Reno for pain and rehab seminar with Dr. Michael Ray and Dr. Derek Miles. I'll be in Reno with those cats and then we'll be in Miami as well Dr. Barackie, Leah, Tom, Allen, the whole crew will be down at Steffi Cohen's gym, hybrid performance in Miami. The first weekend of January. So still some spots open for that. So get signed up today. Otherwise you can miss your spot. A close grip bench is stronger than my competition bench, which has a wider grip, is this unusual? Yes. Do you recommend using a wider grip bench for long term investment as most people say it uses more chest musketeer? Well, most people will be wrong. It doesn't use more chest musketeer, more chest musketeer. In fact, when you look at studies on actual muscle recruitment with different grips, there's almost no difference in any grip provided the range of motion is the same. So that's close grip versus wide grip versus thumbs from the smooth or something like that. I think through the three conditions that were tested under similar relative intensities. So it sounds like your competition bench is either you've newly switched your grip to a wider grip because somebody told you that you should and it's not yet trained compared to your close grip bench or your wide grip, your competition bench is just too wide for your current strength and current training development. So yeah, it just depends what you want. If you're not going to compete, it immediately doesn't matter. You can play around with it if you want, but I don't think necessarily that having a wider grip bench necessarily correlates to a higher bench potential. Yeah, I don't see that you see just such a huge inter-individual variation. And for more on that, I talk about this in the Bench prescription video that we made with Alan Thrall. It's available on our channel. Yeah, check it out. Just started a week five of the legacy 12-week strength template and we'll surprise to see 5-3-0 tempo squats are in for just one week. Yeah, it's just in there for the pivot week. Yep. Is there any chance of you and Austin being guests on the Joe Rogan show? I mean, I guess it's possible, but it's not like Joe's called the stuff and we're just turning him down. So I think that how this works is Joe has to invite you on a show. And I don't know that he's going to invite us. Recently after squat days, when I stand up for my desk, my VMOs cramp up really bad. Being, barbell medicine stands is that this is a sign of not recovering well. Oh, there's a lot to unpack here. So one, the VMO stands for the Vassus Medialis Obliques. The, this was, this is a made up muscle. It doesn't actually exist based on any criteria we have anatomically. This was made up by a physical therapist in the 60s looking at four recently amputated legs. They found that there were fibers at the end of the Vassus Medialis, which is one of the muscles of the quadriceps. They found that the distal end of it right by the knee had these Oblique running fibers and they called it the VMO. Actually later, petitioned Namananatamica, which at the time was responsible for naming all these muscles. They petitioned that group to actually say that there was a VLO as well. So they were trying to not only add a muscle to the sort of dictionary of muscles and the VMO, they were also going to add the VLO and then they wanted to rename the quadriceps to the sexist ups because now there are six heads anyway. None of that worked. The VMO is not a real muscle. Cramps generally, I guess you could maybe call it a sign of not recovering well because it just means that fatigue was relatively high unless there's some medical condition, but most of the most folks keep cramping is just a little bit too much fatigue. Doesn't mean anything if it goes away. If it just happens when you stand up from your desk and then it goes away. It just could be positional. I don't know, wouldn't really worry about it. Jordan, popular question on YouTube currently. What do you think is harder bodybuilding or powerlifting? I don't know. I've never done bodybuilding, never competed in a bodybuilding show. So I don't think that I can actually say which one is harder. Both of them are the problems and the suffering and the difficulty. These are all champagne problems. If you can actually afford to engage in this recreational pursuit of strength or muscle size, then doing okay. You're doing okay in this world. I probably wouldn't try to say one is harder than the other one is more suffering than the other. It's lifting weights. Jordan, what does the evidence say on the efficacy of regular mouthwash use as well as flossing? Thanks in advance. Yeah, I don't know. That's dental stuff and dentistry. The evidence-based model for dentistry is slowly emerging but it's far behind the medical evidence-based medicine sort of movement. So yeah, I'm not sure. Discarnations compressing nerves can fully heal. Indeed they can. Yeah. That's like a Googleful thing. You just Google that and you're like, yep, pops up. Cool. Hey, Jordan. I love your stuff. Thanks buddy. It has all been very informative and helpful for my growth in moving weight efficiently. Thanks, man. Thank you. Thanks for saying that. Yeah, I gas up one of your friends. You know, just hype them up. Call them up and say, hey, you're doing great. I miss you. I like you. Something like that. It's positive positive vibes. That'd be good. Right. Let's see. Jordan just finished the high-purchase for template yesterday. Going back to strength week one tomorrow pulled 405 or set a seven nice man. Cool program. Yeah. Awesome, brand and nice. Can leg press and RDL replace the squat and deadlift if the only goal is high-purchary. Yeah, sure can. Sure can. I would actually argue that the RDL is probably better for high-purchary the hamstrings and potentially even glutes than the deadlift. I mean, really again, which you're looking for is range of motion. The ability to progressively overload via adding weight and reps volume being more important here than absolute intensity. And then the ability to do a bunch of reps and sets without getting too fatigued. So you think about like, how, you know, what could you do more of in a given week or a given session without incurring way too much fatigue that would overwhelm the system and compromise your high-purchase response to the training. Leg press is going to be better in a squat RDL. Since it's a little lighter, you know, but you still have a really long range of motion range of motion is very similar, especially for the hamstrings and glutes and erectors. It's probably a better choice from a fatigue standpoint, although, you know, I could argue it's not that much different, but it may be a little bit, maybe a little bit better. And then people really get worked up about what you can use more weight on the squat. Well, not really than a leg press, but, you know, then a leg extensions, like, a little shore, but the question isn't how much absolute weight can you use? The question is how much motor unit recruitment can you get? And we know that, you know, doing sets of, you can get the same amount of motor unit recruitment doing sets of five and sets of 30. You know, just it, as long as you're willing to go near to the near failure, the question isn't, you know, how much motor, you know, recruitment can you get by the second rep of a set. Question is how much total motor unit recruitment did you get at the end of a whole set? How many reps were stimulating the sort of muscle growth? And then how many of those sets can you do in a given week and to give a session? So anyway, I think people try to overly complicate this high-purchasing thing, and really what you need to do is pick exercises that have a big range of motion can be loaded or done for enough reps that generate that stimulate motor unit recruitment and then that you can do enough volume of them to continue to drive high-purchreat for you over time. And I don't know if having an allegiance to a particular movement is a great way to be a great way to think about high-purchreat. Hey, Jordan is doing leg extension machine, bad for your knees. Nope. I don't know things that are bad for your knees except for maybe acute trauma at high-velocity, an, you know, acute uncontrolled movement at high-velocity might be bad for your knees or like other people hitting it. But yeah, people are like, oh, it's open chain and there's this long moment arm on the knee. It's like, so what? Yeah, tissues adapt. People get better. They're able to tolerate more stuff. Is there evidence to show a salt craving is relevant to actual hydration slash electrolyte imbalance? So those are completely different things. Hydration and electrolyte imbalance, although sometimes they happen. Same time. Gen general people, the thirst response to exercise or sweating in an active environment tends to be a little delayed. And then as far as craving salt, most individuals won't have a conscious sort of, you know, hey, I'm craving salty things. Most people won't. But and that's because we tend to consume enough sodium in our diet. And in general, you can't make yourself significantly hyponetremic, low-low sodium in a way that's clinically meaningful from exercising or competition unless you're doing something fairly extreme or you've suffered like heat stroke or heat-related illness. And, you know, that's then again, one of the things you would you look for is potentially a hydration issue, salt, salt issue. But we're talking about people doing two days, three days training or team-based sports and then doing something silly like drinking, you know, 10 gallons of free water or a gatorade or something like that to in order to get rehydrated. That those sort of things would be the real reasons why you get this sort of hyponetremia, this low salt level that's actually clinically meaningful and meaning that can cause symptoms potentially bad outcomes. Most people after the exercise are hyponetremic. It's just this, you know, thing that happens but it's not clinically significant. It doesn't do anything and it resolves on its own when we eat food. And actually the recommendation is to add sodium to both pre-imposed workout meals. That being said, most people probably enough dietary sodium anyway, it's probably not a big deal. Yeah. How would you explain to a friend why a multivitamin is not beneficial? It's a good question. I probably wouldn't actually explain to them that it's not beneficial unless they ask me because otherwise I'm just wasting my breath. Yeah, multivitamin is not associated with reduced mortality or morbidity that's diseases. If anything, it's related, particularly high doses of antioxidants, high doses of other vitamins are associated with bad outcomes like increased rates of cancer. For example, increase all cost mortality risk. So no benefit to show no evidence really to show benefit outside of patients who need to take a multivitamin due to either a problem absorbing vitamins or or some sort of very, very restricted diet and where their doctor would be prescribing them, sort of multivitamin supplementation. So these are people who have like gastric bypass or who've had like a part of their ilium removed or other parts of the GI tract operated on and then they might have to take supplement or you know people who have like cystic fibrosis or other issues with a malabsorption as a concern or just superscripted diet. Those are the patients that get prescribed multivitamin's you know among others but just your general you know otherwise healthy person you have multivitamin's don't do anything. It's waste your money. Any recommendations on resistance training focus for boxers. How does muscle fibrotypes play into resistance training goals for athletes like this? Muscle fibrotypes are mostly genetically predetermined. You can get some shifting within different fibrotypes type 1 and type 2. They don't go from type 1 to type 2 but in the type 2 muscle fibers you can get some switching from high velocity force producing muscle fibers to low velocity force producing fibers and back and forth depending on training. So yeah just for boxers I think you know conditioning would be obviously be a focus and then doing it significantly more high velocity strength work than I would somebody who is not involved in explosive sport like that. Sure. Does your body get accustomed to a lower calorie diet meaning you start to burn less and less fat? Well as you lose weight, sure. Yeah you're your uh based on metabolic rate goes down, total daily energy expenditure goes down. Some evidence suggesting that part of your needs non exercise aerobic thermogenesis basically just calories you burn from non formal exercise you tend to move around a little bit less but in general in general this doesn't seem to preclude weight loss in a calorie when people are actually in a calorie deficit. You know people tend to continuously lose weight under controlled sort of situations. I think said weight loss can be difficult for sure. How would you approach your client if they were worried about one leg being significantly stronger than the other? Yeah no that's a good question. I think it would just depend you'd want to get more information. So one you'd want to know why they're concerned about it how they did they assess this because there are things like you know hamstrings asymmetry this this that do predict a higher risk of certain injuries in certain team sports particularly soccer for example and so in that how you would assess that is effectively doing you know one leg up to like a set of eight repetitions at RP eight or nine or something like that on one leg and then do it on the other leg and see oh is there an asymmetry and if it's above a certain level then maybe that confers an increased risk in soccer but in Bartel training probably not. That being said what you're gonna find is uh is that that tends to be eliminated via resistance training period meaning that the weak side when you're doing these biolateral exercises when you're doing the the the the the the weak muscle quote unquote tends to get a little bit greater stimulus than the stronger muscle you know provided technique and range of motion are are are relatively similar from rep to rep and that and then on top of that I think that including unilateral work can be useful too I don't know that I would just focus on all bilateral stuff I don't see a good reason for that so uh I think between you know just having that conversation and and and and maybe seeing if you need to take a step further but the final word on this is we're all asymmetrical every one of those asymmetrical no one has has equal strength side side or antagonist agonist and and that's some of that is by you know is is been selected for you know over over millennia but that's another podcast anyone in particular you're excited to see compete at Ron Ashinals sure Leo Lutz I'm excited to see her lift and go out and smash some PRs Claire Claire's eyes she's gonna go out in the 72 kilo prime time class and smash some PRs that to be cool Sam Calhoun our Austin's client she's gonna go out in 63 kilo prime time along with Lorraine Baraki Austin's wife they're gonna both be in prime time I'm really excited to see how they do anybody else that I am excited to watch yeah I don't know probably not what medical school was medical school worthwhile to you would you have chosen a different route yet no I thought medical school was fine for me I think the only thing I would have done differently I mean I got a master's degree in clinical anatomy and physiology prior to going medical school which I actually found the education to be super valuable and the skills learned in the knowledge the front of knowledge like great and and honestly help refine my study technique allowed me to do so well in medical school so from like actual like skill development I thought it was great but the actual how did that transfer to helping me get in a medical school was not that great mainly because it's hard to evaluate like how rigorous a master's program is compared to more undergraduate coursework so I think it would have made me more competitive applicant to do the same number of additional credit hours in undergraduate science education help bring my GPA up make myself more competitive than the actual master's program I did although the skills and fund of knowledge gained from doing the master's program I think was superior to anything I could have done undergraduate wise but yeah medical school was great I just it would have been nicer to have a better I guess pick of which medical schools that I wanted to go to but hey it all worked out I'm at Austin and his wife and a couple other good friends from medical school that was you know obviously been worthwhile and so maybe it all supposed to work out like this would you review a snatch or clean and jerk video for a future training vlog maybe yeah I'm not putting it I'm not saying no thoughts on strong lift 5 by 5 similar to starting strength 5 by 5 based on redgpark starting strength is not 5 by 5 is 3 by 5 and strong lift 5 by 5 actually met Medi in London I think you know if you need a place to start for your resistance training it's fine out for you do our beginner template the beginner prescriptions are free version we think that's how people should start training and also sort of reading that text a lot gives people a better lay of the land for like why they're doing this what's the what the next steps are etc but you know I'm not going to ever dissuade somebody from getting into resistance training so will intermittent fasting interfere with strength improvement maybe yeah I mean we don't really have good long-term data on this the what you'd really want to know is does intermittent fasting actually do anything unique does it for instance make people lose more weight does it have a health promoting effect that a similar calorie level diet where people don't intermittently fast does is there any unique benefit to intermittent fasting the answer that is no yeah to recent meta analysis on this no benefits to is this to intermittent fasting over a regular diet if you prefer it that's cool helps keep you adherent to some sort of diet that's great but it doesn't improve health and any it reduces any sort of disease compared to a similar diet where you don't intermittently fast and it's certainly not going to make people stronger so I think if I was hedging my bets I probably wouldn't recommend intermittent fasting if getting super strong is important to you but on the other hand I'm not going to tell you that it's going to handle your gains I just unless it's helping unless it's the only way to get to keep you adherent to your diet I probably wouldn't recommend it general hey Jordan just wanted to thank you and the bar medicine team today I just hit a four-play deadlift hey that's awesome congratulations have you followed sornux squattober squatting almost every day seems like a fun and community event but adapting to the volume would be interesting I have not followed it because I have a power of any meat yeah I feel in a squat every day I think Matt Perry meant squat every day is the book treat actually some pretty good in uh uh read on coaching principles but I would not recommend people who are only squatting two or three days a week to just ramp up immediately to squat in every day just because it's October I want to increase my low bar squat and quad high perch fee would you choose high bar or front squats as a supplemental accessory exercise I'd probably just low bar squat some more I mean you could pick high bar front squat high bar probably is a little more transference to excuse me low bar squats but they all work the quadrips you know as long as you're going in your failure as far as uh uh developing your low bar squat low bar doing more low bar works probably gonna be the best move there but this all depends on the individual course had a great lecture med school about preventing sarcopenia and kexia in med school today teacher said we need to get people to train pretty stoked wasn't expecting that at this point in time yeah it's true yes sarcopenia uh and kexia should be noted are not the same thing sarcopenia is a loss of muscle tissue literally meaning a poverty of flesh and then kexia is uh and in sarcopena usually it's a loss of muscle but you can actually preserve or even increase the amount of body fat so there's also this term sarcopenica obesity whereas kexia on the other hand is this global loss of both fat and muscle it's a little bit different there's also other symptoms associated with the kexia so is it true that there's a maximum amount of protein that your body can utilize in one meal? no your body has excessive resources that it will allow it to use keep transform and et cetera it convert uh dietary protein into you know muscle tissue energy stuff like that do you still overhead press I have not overed pressed in five or six weeks I think yeah cuz I'm doing this powerlifting meat so what's wider the English channel or my T's hips that's close we're gonna have you know what we'll have to measure I'll when I see him at uh at Ron Ashtonals I'll I'll break out the tape measure but I might have to bring another one tape it together what is the best way to squat for a meat low or high bar either you know some people will be able to move more weight a low bar uh I hesitate to even say the majority because just really depends on the person um in fact obviously there's some very very strong squatters squat high bar in powerlifting and then in Olympic lifting who tend to actually be even stronger um squatting for for a given at a given body weight they almost universally do high bar squats but you know you could argue about their anthropometry so depends on the person's anthropometry so if you have a meat coming up and you've only been squatting high bar what I switched low bar from the meat probably not unless you've had extensive history training low bar on the other hand if you've been training low bar and you have me coming up I probably wouldn't switch the high bar for the you know you better at low bar if uh you don't have a meat coming up and you want to sign up for one then you know I don't know that I would change unless you have a significant amount of time 12 weeks 16 weeks uh so to work this out but I would try to pick one that you want to uh kind of use as your priority squat and that getting stronger in that movement is more more important to you if you have this idea of doing a meat and in the near future thoughts on laser light treatment as a form or treatment or plantar a fasciitis new yeah there's the reason why they're like hundreds of different treatments for plantar fasciitis because none of them work we don't really know why this is happening so yeah would not recommend that for someone returning from a herniated disc injury would leg press aggravate that if the back was kept neutral uh no not necessarily um neither would squatting and even if the back is not kept neutral yeah I mean a lot of this is depending on your thought process your your expectations your previous experiences your education level on this all of these things can influence how you actually respond to exercise so we wouldn't necessarily expect you to have pain with any of those movements but you might even if your back is uh perfectly neutral because that doesn't really correlate to the pain experience um so if you're trying to come back and you want to very specific advice I would recommend consulting our pain rehab specialist they do this every day the best on the industry I'm out of to say in that I'm really glad they decided to link up with us but these guys are great so doctor Ray and doctor Miles that this is just what they do so also why do the doctors charge for testosterone ranges not account for age they do yeah yeah there are published norms for free and total testosterone based on based on different age demographics so just wearing that shirt for the fifth day in the road well this is to be fair this is a new shirt like this has never been worn before but am I wearing the same logo yes yes I am what kind of training plan is ideal for a client who wants weight loss loves cardio but also enjoys weightlifting what would you program for them uh weight loft weightlifting cardio and a calorie deficit I mean yeah it would just depend on how what sort of resources they have available to them if you mean Olympic weightlifting you know then I'd probably have them do Olympic weightlifting most days that they train with weights probably all days uh try to get in the lift weights three days a week and I'd have them do a push a pole in a press and the pole usually would be some sort of Olympic lift maybe one day I did have them deadlift instead of even like a cleaner snatch variant but if you're not talking about Olympic weightlifting then yeah I mean I think two or three days a week resistance training full body workouts do conditioning that would that they can be adhered to and they prefer and calorie deficit and how do you go about planning your jumps for warm-ups attempts at a meat saw your post where you jumped 6700 plus but ideally you would hit 675 in between I don't know how close to get on the last warm-up yeah it's all personal preference so like my my dead lifts I'm probably gonna open it 305 672 and then jump to 730 so like that 727 whatever that is 7-7-732 whatever and then 748 I think third that's the plan but last warm-up prior to 672 probably be 600 I mean and I probably just go 135 to 25 35 15 40 500 500 600 as my warm-up just because I'm comfortable doing that salt personal preference hey Jordan is anabolic androgenic anabolic steroid induced hypogunitism reversible after short-term use sometimes yeah also do test levels return to their previous normal sometimes yeah again I know that you've asked multiple questions about anabolic androgenic steroid use on previous lives and my advice to you is to not use them not because I'm anti anabolic I think there's a ton of place for those things depending on risk benefits but for you yeah the risks are far outweigh the benefits as far as I can tell and you know pay to call you up but that's just my take on it right now and so again just for the this conversation for a second you know you think about certain circuitine patients you know the recommendation the guideline for an Allen circuitine do not necessarily recommend anabolic but in some cases they may be you know beneficial compared to their inherent risk certain professional sports or other high incentive where there's a great incentive to actually perform a certain level you know yeah the benefits might outweigh the potential risks provided someone actually knows the risk and I you know again having looked at your profile a little bit I just don't think that's that's for you and you know you're not all you can make your own decisions but I think that I would probably think twice about this and then I will also just inside probably not ask any more questions about this on the live mainly just because the public perception of of them it's just not in a place where I think I want to talk about them a lot although we probably will do a podcast on the stuff on the future just because people keep asking us but I think I'd like to concentrate all that in one one little location what is the most amount you should adjust your macros in terms of grams of protein carbohydrates fat how often should you change it if you are at an ideal bodyweight and body fat but want to gain strength yeah a lot of questions here so there's no max or minimal amount that you would adjust grams of protein carbs fat in an isocoloric or equal calorie situation and then again if you are at the ideal bodyweight and body fat I don't know that you need to you know adjust your macros in order to gain strength that's probably probably not true unless you're protein intake was significantly compromised and so we know that you know is anywhere between 1.4 to 1.6 grams per kilo body weight of protein per day in folks who are either gaining weight or maintaining weight can yield optimal sort of resistance training outcomes expect a high-purchase feed strength so our recommendation usually is towards the upper end 1.6 grams per kilo bodyweight per day protein start there if you prefer more protein than that that's fine but that's the only thing I feel kind of strongly about respect to actual macro recommendations in an isocoloric situation. See is it normal that myorep movements take a long time to go up and wait? I don't know just depends how many reps you're trying to do I was able you know my experience has been able to either add weight or reps each week when I when I incorporate them in my training so that's why I plan on doing. Dox you ever plan to practice medicine? Probably not as my only occupation know yeah I don't think so yeah I think you know obviously there's a need for people in the trenches to practice medicine and take care of patients but I think that the calling by our medicine and public health is probably a little bit more rewarding for me and that's probably we're all spending the bulk of my time yeah. Would you modify your training at high altitude? No can confirm when it went to Colorado high altitude I did not modify my training. Is there any evidence to suggest? So usually when questions start out there? The answer is yes but is it strong evidence? It's useful evidence but alright. Is there any evidence to suggest that reducing body fat has a beneficial effect on inflammatory conditions such as Xima or rheumatoid arthritis if one were near the cutoff for a waste or conference? Yes so yeah if you're obese and you have too much out of post tissue that's definition of obesity then yes reducing body fat can improve patient reported out patient reported outcomes in both of those conditions so yes to that particular question. What are your top five supplements for power lifters over 40 years of age? Yes so these are no different than my recommended supplements for people for lifters at adult lifters at any age because being over 40 doesn't mean your old or special population. So a way protein or other protein supplement depending on your dietary patterns, creatine monohydrate. I would also recommend that people take a bad alinean recommend that people maybe consider taking caffeine prior to a workout so we did way we did or protein we did creatine we did bad alinean we did caffeine and then the only other you know thing that you might find to be beneficial would be like a a sitrally malade I mean there's a bunch of other stuff that's going to be that you know you have a slight benefit but you know really those those first four even would be the ones that I think I would recommend mostly yeah if you got a puppy which kind would you choose also high you're awesome thanks Sarah yeah I think I would get like a mini husky yeah because the cute my dad trying to get me a disdoodle things like 90 pounds is a horse it's too big it's too big absolutely wrecked my apartment so yeah maybe a little a little husky yeah let's see I find I can hook grip way more than I can deadlift for a single okay but it rips up my thumbs after a few poles then I go to straps for rep work any issues with this I mean I don't know how well your grip is trained I'd want to know what you're pulling have you considered using a single layer of athletic tape on your thumb that's probably what I would start doing so you can again just develop your grip because at some point you're going to need that grip strength right would you recommend vitamin D supplementation if blood work shows low vitamin D in general that is the the treatment so yes but it depends on how low it is that because that helps determine the dosing and what agents are recommended either vitamin D 2 or D 3 and then you should probably check your vitamin D levels in six eight weeks to make sure that you're replenishing your enough I wouldn't recommend to people just take vitamin D what supplemental squat would you recommend for someone who struggles to go below parallel asking for myself uh pause squats pin squats something like that yeah one of those two probably any thoughts on the new Sony cameras or lenses any interest or not really into it well I have two Sony cameras got a a 6500 that's this camera and then I've got my a7R3 floating around here somewhere so the a7R4 came out and the new a was it 7172 I don't know yeah an a9 2 a9 mark 2 yeah I don't know I'm kind of bummed with the stuff that Sony's come out with in the last year I like their product they're still I think leaders in the mirrorless camera world they've got the best specs for sure but we're all waiting for this you know new camera to drop that's got the just 4k 60 frames per second and 10 bit out and you know all the other stuff but that right now they've got the best of both worlds for photography and videography and their auto focuses you know maybe the best in in class so I already got two Sony's I don't think I'm gonna upgrade until something new comes out yeah can following a vegan diet be just as good as one of lots of animal protein if calorie needs are met and protein intake as well beyond recommendation for those extreme train yes but I would make the caveat you don't they don't necessarily need a higher protein intake the data shows it get 1.6 grams per kilo body weight of protein per day even in vegan protein can be you know can can yield optimal results from a training plan so I think that you know and that's for people in a weight gain or or maintenance state so if you were losing weight I'd probably jack that up a little bit but that'd be the same advice for for individuals eating animal products yeah advice on choosing a medical specialty yeah I think you know obviously your rotations are gonna be useful as far as like figuring out like what I want to do this day in and day out because you're gonna see the you know daily grind of a particular medical specialty and then I think that I would try to do some electives in one or two of the fields that that you think that you're interested in but the first thing is you got to figure out if you want to do medicine and surgery and after that this this becomes a little clearer because then you start figuring out like all right you know what kind of surgery what I want to do or in medicine do I want to treat only adults or do I want to treat adult and kids you know it's you're able to refine so excited to see you deadless 750 you two man it'll be 748 but in in my heart I'll think it's 750 oh why do myself I believe hate your hat cubs fan sucks twice fair enough fair enough man Jordan there's a dude at my gym who works out at the same time and I've never said hi and now it's been a year it's too awkward to do now should I change gyms that's weird because there was a guy earlier in this live chat it was like there's a dude at my gym who works out at the same time is me he looks like he lifts but he never said hi I want to say hi but it would be too awkward now should I change gyms I think you just got to do the the bro thing and you know asking for a spot or something like that and then strike up conversation there you go just people connecting people it's what I'm doing here evening dock would love your thoughts on this saw a training video of LeBron Chris Paul and Carmelo Anthony these are all NBA players for the the unaware I myself am a cultured individual let's see they were all working with their trainer and the trainer had them all doing similar RDS do similar RDS have a transfer to vertical probably minimal transfer to vertical jump test I mean the best thing we have for the transfer to a vertical jump test would be jumping bounding exercises then you'd talk about you know fairly light half squats and quarter squats where people can actually move the way quickly high velocity and but yeah does the sumo debt RDL does that recruit posterior chain muscles sure it's a way to train the glutes and hamstrings and adductors I think it's fine I don't know why you'd have them do sumo versus regular but you know in a basketball player I don't know that it matters either yeah Jordan long time to see recommended program after power lifting too you could do power lifting 3 yeah it's one thing to do you could also go to like a poetry plan I purchased we two and then jump back to the power lifting 2 or a strength general strength conditioning and then pop back to power lifting 2 something like that how good are MRAPS sets and predicting 1RM after more than 5 reps more than if it really if they're more than 3 reps probably not that great but yeah maybe 5 reps is kind of really where the trailing off tends to happen you know as far as like accuracy is very physiologically optimal time of the day to train so actually kind of looked in this into this and this chronobiology or chrono training and it appears no you look at some of the studies done on this people tend to perform best 7-8 hours ish after waking up but that's generally their self reported exercise time anyway and untrained populations doesn't tend to be a reliable transfer there so let's see what lenses I'll use into the track the other day this guy 70 to 200 f28 this big old guy hands are going numb while sleeping at night don't bother me much during day while training going to try splintine at night concern or not really that sounds like you know comment things being common you think about carpal tunnel and so try this once your doctor and make sure it's evaluated you're not missing anything but yeah that would be the first thing comes to mind especially if it's bilateral so the splintine can help and it goes away yeah if thinking it's a carpal tunnel but nothing gym related that you need to worry about unless you end up having surgery on it all right i've been here for an hour we got 30 seconds left so i'm gonna do some announcements one check out the vlog from yesterday it's over on youtube too thank you guys so much for watching please share this one of your friends doesn't follow me don't think follows me helps grow borrow a message community got's great and uh... thing three if you haven't signed up for newsletter it's dropping this friday so sign up for that get your latest borrow minutes and stuff in your inbox she got a good