Welcome back to the Barrel Medicine YouTube channel. We bring modern medicine to strength conditioning, and strengthening conditioning to modern medicine. We're in Miami, Florida, hybrid, first seminar, 2020. That's the first time that's happened. Yeah, thanks, guys. Thank you. So we're going to do a Q&A here. Cultivate, we have curated questions. Austin picked him out. His fault if your question didn't get answered. If it didn't get answered and he still have this burning query, please post up on our forum or Facebook page. It's a great community of over 10,000 folks. We're all trying to get better and learn a lot and help each other. So also, if none of those work, if you don't get accepted to our Facebook group and we delete your question off our forum, please slide into Leah Lutz's direct messages. She cannot let the DMs go. And she will bug Pester, one of us for the answer. Yes, true. OK. Question number one. Smoking is associated with obesity and central adiposity. But smokers often cite fear of weight gain as a barrier to smoking cessation. What do? Yeah. Well, so I understand where this comes from, because the idea, and again, there's nuggets of truth in here that nicotine is like an appetite to suppress it. People have this habitual process of smoking them after meals. And they feel like that helps them curb their hunger, et cetera. And then every time they've tried to quit, it is common for individuals who quit smoking that they start eating more in the short term. That being said, amongst smokers, people who smoke, who are heavy smokers, tend to have higher rates of obesity. You also pulled the study. Yeah, I pulled a, I did some background research while I was back there sifting through these. And this paper by Dair in 2015, they looked at almost 500,000 people in the UK who were smokers. So pretty substantial population size that they looked at there. And I'll just quote this line from it. Said amongst smokers, the risk of obesity increased with the amount smoked. And former heavy smokers were more likely to be obese than former light smokers, about a 60% higher odds of that. And they said, risk of obesity fell with the amount of time from quitting. After 30 years, former smokers still had high risk of obesity than current smokers, but the same risk as people who had never smoked. So that increase in kind of tendency towards gaining weight after quitting smoking. That seems to be a transient thing after quitting. But the further out you get from successfully quitting smoking, the more your obesity risk tends to normalize and kind of merges with the same risk of somebody who had never smoked at any point in their life. So I would not use this as a reason to not smoke or to not quit smoking. Although it is cited as a barrier commonly, you know, that risk normalizes after, you know, longterm. Yeah, it's like a short-term risk. In addition with some of the medical sort of management, we have with the associate's smoking cessation and some of the other psychological techniques exceed the CBT and stuff, that those tend to be having better outcomes with respect to even that short-term risk of increase in weight. They tend to not see that as much. Practical slash example suggestions for initiated the conversation with family members that appear to be suffering from sarcopenia. It's actually a great question because it affects a lot of people, but also can this, the answer to this can extend more broadly to other medical conditions that you think a family member might have but not be addressing. Just the first part of this, I don't actually think it's terribly important for you to diagnose them or tell them that you're necessarily afraid that they have a particular condition that's got a diagnosed name. That doesn't mean you never have to do that or that can't be part of your talking strategy, but I think the initial communication should be what your concerns are with about their health. Show some understanding of their current situation and then try to direct them towards resources. So for example, I probably wouldn't even though I am medically trained. I don't know that I would bring up that I'm afraid that somebody in my family has sarcopenia directly to them, but rather I would ask them if they'd be open to going to the gym with me or going to the gym to see a coach or one of my friends who trains folks because that they're already engaging in the behavioral change that I want to get them towards and I don't necessarily want to scare them with medical terminology. If I'm not their doctor. So I would direct them not only to the gym in this case, but then also to see their doctor though then again, you'd have to assume that their doctor's up on this stuff which is kind of hamstrung here. Yeah, I also probably wouldn't bring it up in terms of like an ominous medical diagnosis, but rather my strategies for doing this really revolve around making it meaningful to the person. So the first step in behavior change like what Jordan laid out at the beginning of the weekend is identifying where is this person in the the the the trans-theoretical model with respect to where are they in terms of readiness for behavior change? Do they even know that there may be an issue here? So I do this all the time with my hospitalized inpatients and I think I've talked about this maybe before where I might have an elderly person or even a non-elgently person admitted for a particular medical condition and I'll test them out. I'll do the sit-to-stands. I do that pretty routinely on my patients in the hospital and routinely they fail it. They're either unable to do it or unable to do it without their arms or something like that. And so that might be something that they just had accepted as a part of aging for example. They just thought, oh, this is just what happens when you get old, right? And I don't actually mention the word sarcopiniate to them. I asked them that once I've identified that they that they were unable to complete that task, I might say tell me about the things that you like to do in a given day. Knowing that the answer is usually, I don't usually do very much, you know, I might walk around the house a little bit and that's usually about it. That's what I get from a lot of these patients. What did you use to like to do? What kind of things were your hobbies? What did you use to enjoy things like that? What kind of things were you previously able to do that you don't think you could do any more? Then they'll rattle off a whole bunch of things. Oh, I used to do this in this and this and this do you think that, you know, if there are any of those that you'd really like to be able to do again? Oh, yeah, I'd love to be able to do this, but you know, I'm just old, I can't do it anymore. And then that's my way in to say, what if there's a way that we could work to get you back towards being able to do some of these things? Wouldn't it be nice to be able to do this thing independently without needing to help of your family member, your son, your daughter, your spouse, your caregiver, whoever to help you do this relatively simple task, reaching to grab something out of a cabinet, getting up to go out and get the mail or something like that that they feel like they can't do anymore. So those are activities that hold meaning to the individual and they give me like a hook that I can grab and make this goal something that they can actually foresee as being impactful to them. Rather than saying, oh, I'm concerned that you have Sarkopinian that's associated with an increased risk of morbidity and mortality. Right? They're like, okay. Yeah, buzz off, you know? That doesn't mean anything. Rather, making it tying it to a meaningful activity. We do the same thing in the rehab context, right? We're trying to get people to rehabilitate back towards valued activities that they want to be able to do, whether that's squatting and deadlifting, or whether that's, you know, bending over and picking up their kids or something like that. So Sarkopinian is a training process and it involves behavior change. Same as the pain and rehab thing, but again, you have to make it meaningful to the person in order to get buy-in. But of course, even before that, they have to recognize that it's a problem. And a lot of these folks don't even recognize it as a problem at all. So that's when if they can't even get out of a chair, I'm like, that kind of concerns me that you're unable to get out of a chair, you know, just because you're 60 or 70 or 80 or 40 or 50 or whatever, you know, you should be able to get out of a chair and do these things. And I think that there are ways that we can get you here. You interested in learning more about how we can accomplish this and then kind of go from there. So that's how I do it. Yep. You do that. I do that all the time. Also, like, and again, just to reiterate the part when I said the beginning, I think directed people towards good resources. Like, if you want to bring this up in some fashion, then you have to know what your next move is going to be. So now you've got them to recognize that there's an issue. So when I was your solution, I don't know. Well, but you should really work on that. Yeah, you should really work on that. Yeah, you're a little clean. Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Not a known for that. Not a known for your rocky. Yeah. Okay. All right. Thoughts on when it makes sense for non-competitive lifters to use straps. Other than grip strength, does it greatly diminish the benefits of the dead lift? Yeah. I mean, I wrote a whole article about this called gripping matters. It's available on a future different locations on the interwebs. I don't really care outside of competitive power lifters or people who are involved in the barbell sports. I do think there's something we said about developing grip strength just in general. So I think, you know, there's carry over then from the deadlift to other exercises where you have to hold on to things like, you know, pull ups, chin ups, stuff like that. That being said, you could work on those just by pull ups and chin ups. So other than just competing to barbell sports, I don't know that you necessarily need to develop deadlift specific grip strength. I think that straps in general can be a great training tool to help folks who have grip problems still train their deadlift. But I would also at the same time be training their grip in the deadlift. So the way I generally program this is working up to your top set. I want you to not use straps for your top set. Use just your hands with chalk and try to hold the last rep of your heaviest working set for about 20 seconds. Set it down. Then if you need to use straps for the rest of your workout, that's fine. But again, if you're not at least trying to develop your grip strength, I think that you're missing out. And I think that just part of the general training development process, you're missing out a little bit. But if someone was very adamant like, look, I do not want to use this alternate grip. It scares me and all this other stuff. I think that's a big deeper issue to have to dive into. And the only way that they're going to resistance train is by using straps. Okay. Yeah. If it's a non-competitive general health person, I don't really care at all. I just think I do think there's just something to like having a developed grip strength. I think I would make the point here that if you had somebody in that situation and they became very trained in their deadlift using straps the whole time. I still think they're likely to have improved their grip strength. I agree. I agree. Just a good enough. I'm good enough for me. I think for a non-competitive person. Yeah. I just think for the Instagram cloud, which you know is increasingly becoming more and more important, can't use straps. Yeah. Do you think that health care provider should be more liberal in their use of obesity drugs? What resources would you recommend to a physician who's interested in learning more? Yes. I don't have the specific prescription rates or how often these should be used but then aren't or how often they're available to patients who would get covered for them. But then they're not made it. They're not prescribed. I don't know that all those rates. But I do know that they're underutilized. And so as far as resources on learning more about not only the mechanism of action but the prescription like indications and things to monitor and watch out for it. Et cetera. The 2016 American Academy of Clinical and Recrerologist Obesity Guidelines has a very lengthy discussion of all of these agents and when they should and shouldn't be prescribed in potential medication interactions and things of that nature. So that would be the first resource I would go to and then after that it would be based on each particular medication just on up to date or Lexi Compton. Lexi Compton. Yeah. I agree that they're probably underused but I don't think we want to because that's likely to get us like YouTube commenter saying the original big there it is. There it is. We just want to throw everybody on medicines. Do I have to listen to your story? Well we're here. Listen. Listen. Pfizer emailed me. Pfizer emailed me because they want to run this social media campaign. Okay and they were going to offer me this is the funny part. They were going to offer me $300. $300. $300. $300. $300. To make a post about this Pfizer campaign. Now to be fair this was like a getting healthy like advertisement that running this sort of campaign to get people more active and eating right and but here's the thing though. It's Pfizer. Yeah I feel like they don't actually care about it. It's sponsored by Pfizer and again like we already get accused enough of being big farm-assials even though most of the medications that we actually like recommend or the classes there's like a lot of generic so it means we're certainly not getting paid for them. Like I don't make I make precisely zero dollars prescribing any medication. Right nobody's giving you kickbacks. No one. Literally nobody. So there's an opportunity. No. I was just so weird that they emailed and so when I said no thank you they were like we have some wiggle room on our reimbursements and I was like I started to think I was like what amount of money would it take for me to make a Pfizer post like being pro Pfizer? You just have to assume that that's the end of your career. Yeah so it have to be at least like I don't know what a thousand times higher than that. I mean I just have to live on it so I was going to say look I need $3 billion. And unless you're willing to give me $3 billion that's what it takes for you to live. That's right to sell my soul to actually be big farm-assials. Okay Oh sorry. Yeah I think that these medicines are also underutilized but given those concerns that people are likely to have I think that we should emphasize that there are specific indications for when they should be used. So remember when Jordan was talking about the nutrition interventions and say you want to initiate the aggressive lifestyle stuff there's a percentage goal for clinically relevant weight loss and there's a timeframe that you want to achieve that and if you do it. Right so if you go through hit that timeframe and you're missing your weight loss targets then there's a perfectly reasonable situation to initiate that discussion rather than just blaming the patient more and saying it's your fault you didn't do this you need to try harder your bad person. That might be a time to say hey maybe the dietary RPE of this intervention right the how difficult this behavior changes for you might be a little too high too difficult to adhere to one of the ways these medications can help is by actually making it a little bit easier to adhere to a calorie restricted diet right through effects on the brains, the tidy mechanisms, all kinds of so I've used these medications actually pretty frequently despite the fact that I was not actually formally trained in them in residency it's quite easy to learn to learn about them for people who have prescribing power and to learn about side effects and things like that particularly through like a family medicine training and trauma that's in turning any kind of generalist practice they're not that difficult to manage or to deal with so I've used them with a handful of obviously as with any intervention just like in training there's a spectrum of individual responses I've had some patients who did awesome with it they said suddenly like adhering to their calorie restricted diet was a piece of cake they had no difficulty with it and others who didn't do great on one but did better on another and some who had less of an effect altogether and so again I don't think these are a great tool to use as what we call monotherapy you just like put somebody on a pill and say up guess you're good now it still needs aggressive multi-modal interventions in terms of the nutrition piece the physical activity piece medication piece etc they all have kind of a role to play here because again weight loss and particularly sustained weight loss is hard yeah the lifestyle recommendations are recommended at literally every level for individuals with obesity and then there's only a certain swath of those that would be qualified for medications sorry Pfizer not today okay after years of being exposed to the more intellectual evidence-based side of the fitness industry I found it harder and harder to communicate with the gen pop about training in a way that doesn't go over their head questions like how do I lose weight or what program do you follow usually a list at lengthy responses where I rarely feel like the other party has any takeaway that allows them to take action well communication strategies do you use with less experienced populations to communicate so that you're able to meet them on their level I mean honestly I think you answered your own question within this question effectively if you're not meeting people at their level based on their level of education understanding etc then it doesn't matter what your fund of knowledge is you just missed it doesn't mean that you're a bad person and that you should like quit or whatever it just you're going to have to try a different strategy so I think it's okay to simplify things I think it's okay to draw things down if you need to make a graph they get it's okay to have pre-prepared materials where you've actually sat down and thought about this and constructed out like you know a couple different statements you can actually run these through different software like free software that's available on the internet to check for like reading level like how how complicated is this stuff but if you're finding yourself explaining like relatively simple concepts and these very long you know complicated manners my my first instinct is to say hey just try to explain it in one sentence or less dumb it down it's fine because they're not asking you like what are all the mechanisms by which somebody may lose weight please provide references I might ask you that right in a question an open book test soon becoming for the barbell medicine training certification no but with respect to just you know peer to you know or not peer to peer communication but also just client to provider communication if they're disassing you how do you lose weight the answer would would be I you need to be in a calorie deficit and if we can find you a way to adhere to a diet where you're eating less calories than you burn for a day we're gonna get there you don't need to go into this long thing because then there they might that might trigger additional questions that you'll have to answer in a similar way so the Twitter I call it the Twitter method you have 160 characters to effectively explain a complex topic and if you can't fit it in there I think you might need to think about this a little harder before you respond it's easier to make up with volume of language no rather than substance and then I also think again having the preprepair materials offer common questions or fact frequently asked questions super useful that's what like in the medical clinic we always laugh or I always used to laugh rather about the pamphlets like the handouts but a lot of that stuff has been thought about even research on some levels in order to better communicate these things because you can't think of a off the cuff response that's necessarily going to be helpful so you can have the pamphlet literally go through that with them and say here's what I think and this is for you to have yeah this is difficult for sure and so you know my regular job in the in the medical setting in the hospital setting I train residents and medical students and so I frequently observe their interactions with patients and I get to see how they counsel patients how they talk with patients how they educate and kind of the way they speak and overwhelmingly the most common problem that I see when they're talking to patients is using too much complicated medical jargon when explaining things to patients particularly really these really complex medical things that they're saying admitted to the hospital for so I always end up debriefing with them and tell them hey that was like you know they were clearly not understanding what we were talking about there this is how I would explain this and it takes practice to develop like an arsenal of metaphors of explanatory strategies to explain some of these complicated things but the way I at least initiate these conversations is always by asking the patient what they know about a particular topic so they somebody might say how do I lose weight and I'm like well maybe tell me what you already know about this condition tell me what you know about you know being overweight tell me what you know about weight loss and that might get nothing that tells me where I need to start like at the very bottom right or they might have some degree of knowledge but it might be wrong well that gives me a little place to start in terms of you know steering them in the right direction or they might start spouting off a whole bunch of complex scientific jargon I'm like oh you're like a scientist and you already know all this stuff right so I've had you know I've seen that a lot with patients who come in and they and I asked them what do you know about this and they'll spread out a bunch of medical jargon like oh you're in healthcare so I can talk to you at a particular level so I use that initial question of tell me what you know about this as my screening tool to identify where the person is at in terms of their level of education and then I tried to reflect that back at them with my language in terms of the way I explain things so I just reflect what they're giving me back at them and again that takes practice uh takes a lot of a lot of work and you have to pay a lot of attention to your language which is something that hopefully you took away from the pain lecture already in terms of words that we use with people when discussing these topics so paying attention towards uses is good but I like assessing where people are at and then just reflecting it back at them yep and to get feedback on like how good or bad of a job you did just asking for a teach back at the end of whatever your communication was so like okay so let's review let's review tell me what you know you know now what you know about this yeah can be useful because if they if nothing comes back you're like bang it missed again but hopefully you build like again certain murder metaphors certain phrases explanations that stick with you add to your arsenal there's a bunch of doctor Lawrence my psych attending like every time she feels oh my gosh I thought he was like like a CD player like you just skip to the next track every time you prescribe the medication it would be the same thing every single time and now in retrospect he probably had explained each one of those things a couple hundred of different times and was like here's how to best explain that so people understand or just you know he liked it personally I don't all right next question do you believe heart rate plays a role in program design for cardiovascular fitness if so when if not why I feel like this is a bit of a kind of a try to get me to commit to like a strong man kind of thing like so I think that the heart like obviously obviously your heart rate is going to be a thing that you're going to use or sorry that you're going to sort of monitor or it's going to be a part of the actual exercise program prescription I just don't like using that as the intensity sort of communication meaning that go run at a you know heart rate of 140 to 150 beats per minute or 80 percent of your max heart rate one because not everyone has a heart rate monitor to some of the problems with accuracy of heart rate monitors particularly with novel sort of training and modalities and then in addition I just I prefer the ease of use with RPE effectively they're both measurements of internal load but RPE you don't need any specialized equipment and does the same scale that you can use across a wide different variety of modalities so that being said I do use heart rate prescription for people who are new to certain exercises so for example I have a client right now who's like I want to get better at running I'm terrible at running so after we address the catastrophic language then I was like okay so do you have a heart rate monitor he happened to have one I was like great so I need you to go you're going to go jog for 25 minutes at an RPE 6 your heart rate's not going to go over 130 beats per minute if it does you need to start walking because I wanted him to understand like even if he didn't feel like he was working that hard his heart rate was telling him something different because he was very new on the other hand if I had a person that same person but they didn't have a heart rate monitor I'd probably just lower the RPE I'd say RPE 5 meaning you should be able to talk in complete sentences you might be able to sing a bar from your favorite song provided it's not Dr. Gray and you're not just yelling all right so you're actually sing twist the yeah long long bar if you don't know twist is a Lincoln bio so yeah it's obviously a thing I just don't use it that often I just don't use it that often mate again because there are limitations to it and then not everyone has heart re-monitor I think if we did more cardiovascular like if we were the the cardio dudes like well I mean cardio has their medicine yeah for about 15 years I was a cardio dude when I swim and obviously the talk test is not an option when you're swimming right where you can you know talk but not sing not really not really an option under water we also didn't use heart rate monitors in general but when I think back to the way at least my college swimming coach programmed a lot of our sets he just used a color system pink red or blue and those were increasing in tech no no blue was actually like all out sprint like maximal and then red was like what I would call like an RPE8 and pink was like an RPE6 and then like no color assigned was like you know the first warm-up sets or something like that and so when I think back I'm like oh he was just using you know internal load you know kind of an RPE type thing but even more simplified which means that if you are working with a client and using a one to ten numerical system for their RPE rating is too difficult then you know it could literally be like you know a stoplight color code system or something like that right and that's you know gonna be gonna be getting you close and you've used you've talked about the feeling scale before it's like this set should feel bad and that you know that's something that's gonna be pretty hard to see this has been researched yeah so for general population people who don't care about one RM powerlifting performance and you're just trying to get a ballpark intensity prescription probably good enough yeah use a feeling scale or don't yeah we often hear from a nutritional and fitness standpoint that you want to live it inflammation I know that certain disease states involve inflammation but inflammation is also part of the healing process can you distinguish between good versus bad inflammation and when we want to control or limit inflammation yeah I mean I think the biggest thing here is is the amount of total inflammation so inflammation when it is in excess is can be or can be problematic generally inflammation cause from training or from other sort of what we would consider it potentially beneficial or benign sources do not go to the level where it can cause harm so one common marker of inflammation is like this metric called C reactive protein or CRP another one BESR the RITS are site sedimentation rate there are studies out there showing that the resistance training drives up CRP at ESR after training but a little bit enough where that's still within the error margins of the test itself and it's effectively meaningless we don't know what to do with the slightly elevated ESR or CRP that doesn't reach a certain threshold where common diseases hang out so it's really just a total amount of inflammation same thing with dietary interventions so you can go find a study right now that talks about tart cherry juice how it lowers cut CRP in half but what that study also says is that the level by which it's cutting in half is a normal level it just goes from literally one and a half to 0.75 and it doesn't you don't even think about that metric until it gets to 10 okay so that's an oversimplified view of inflammation and like how we would want to either assess it or address it but the way I think about it is that in disease processes the amount of inflammation and total inflammation is large and then the amount of inflammation that occurs second dairy to resistance training or other potentially beneficial or benign sort of stresses tend to be well below the the level that causes disease yeah I think that outside of having a diagnosed autoimmune or auto inflammatory syndrome medical condition like rheumatoid arthritis, lupus, etc that there's really no reason for you to be worried about inflammation yeah well that's something when you're worried about it because in general you shouldn't because even you know I see enormous amounts of acute inflammation in patients sometimes who come in with sepsis severe infections things like that and even that inflammation which is off the charts in terms of how high it is I'm not trying to suppress it because I recognize that it's an immune response to the infection that's going on and I'm treating the infection to try to deal with that so even in that situation I'm not trying to suppress inflammation in these autoimmune auto inflammatory syndrome where your body is chronically attacking itself yep that merits treatment by somebody who's qualified to handle those kind of immune suppressing medications and things like that but for anybody who doesn't have those medical conditions don't worry about it you know it's going to happen it's a normal part of human existence it is an immune mediated process that's generally physiologic adaptive it helps you recover from training heal from injuries and recover from other illnesses and I just wouldn't worry about it's become like a like a demonized kind of a buzzword that people worry about when they really shouldn't it's just inflammation and just cause something hurts doesn't mean it's inflamed which doesn't mean you need to take anti-inflammatory medications either sure general doesn't help for a lot of things sure yeah all right 20 years ago 20 years ago there was controversy or at least discussion of pediatricic effects of statins in afloat sclerosis what is the current thought on these effects I see parents here yeah basically the question is you know people have discussed whether statins reduce cardiovascular through a bunch of other mechanisms unrelated to cholesterol and they definitely do have a bunch of other effects however I'll cite I will say that we have a huge body of evidence at this point both from genetic data these fancy studies called medallion randomization studies as well as randomized control trials of medications that basically show that any intervention that we can do that lowers the blood lipid level yeah you can actually predict how much it's going to reduce risk based on how much it lowers the blood lipid level so I'll quote this line from a Brian Francis 2017 paper where he says that trials suggest that the effect of low density lipoproteiner LDL on the risk of cardiovascular events is approximately the same per unit change in LDL cholesterol for any mechanism that lowers LDLC so basically any intervention that lowers those numbers a certain amount you get the same effective risk reduction so whether that's from a statin or whether it's from something else or whether it's from something else per unit reduction in blood LDL levels you get the same predictable risk reduction so the overwhelming effect of those medications on reducing cardiovascular risk is via lowering LDL levels or these lipoproteines that we talked about so in general play a tropic effects interesting topic not super relevant to worry about yeah it's like every one millimole of LDL concentration that you lower it's at 18% get to a certain amount of risk of CBD yeah which is cool yeah parents is a meta no yeah he lives probably not in your opinion when does it oh wait oh wait oh wait oh wait oh I escaped one how to set realistic lifting goals for a first year lifter broadly and specifically weight on the bar in the main lifts yeah that's a great question um i mean i i think about to my personal experience all right let's talk about our first years first years in lifting okay first year in lifting i remember i was a freshman at Truman State University i had just came back from this dislocated hip that's how I got into resistance training i was told the squat and i was like got a squat so i went to the gym and i didn't know that you could load weights lighter than 45 pounds on a you can't first squat can't because i never seen it right when i was in there doing curls because that's all i was doing at the time curls in incline bench because i wanted to target my upper pecs all i saw were people loading plates right on the leg press and on a squat so i just thought you put a plate on a squat so i remember i won thirty five i walked it out i squat it down probably half depth and it pinned me i just that i was died yeah luckily i didn't then i figured out their lighter weight increments um my first year of squat did 500 to be clear it was probably high but whatever you know sometimes it's like that i did a bench three sixty five for a double and i deadlifted five forty five to in Nike shocks that was the key um he's what we would call a high responder to train sure or you know i don't know i just i was in college man's what you do right just lift weights and get get jacked yeah i didn't have the same experience but i would okay but i remember thinking in my in my head like i wanted to squat five hundred like my first year i wanted to squat 500 i wanted to deadlift 500 and i wanted to bench 365 and then at soon of the end of the first year i was like like i remember the soon as i squated 500 i was like i need six plates and as soon as like all in the way up three sixty five's going up i'm like i need four oh five five forty five i thought six hundred like that's immediately how it went but i didn't have any like lifetime goals and every time i had like set a lifetime goal uh it was always too low so i think now in hindsight here's the loud recommend for a first year lifter don't pick lifetime goals pick like medium medium to long term goals that you think are reasonable in next year too so for example you're in your first year you want to squat 500 like that's you know not in your first year but that's maybe your that's maybe your first like medium term goal okay right so maybe it's then the first three years of training which i think is reasonable if you're like a pretty good responder to training if yeah okay look i know i've been saying though like pick a pick a goal that you think is achievable in the next six to twelve months three six twelve months something like that and that should be your and then you got to keep redoing that so now what happened the last PR that i hit i dead lifted seven thirty five right and on the way up the only thing in my brain was like i bet 800 to be fucking cool like i can't even be happy you know just sad on my own my own it but yes my recommendation for a new lifter would be to pick uh something that you can do in the next twelve months see you and uh and and go from there but i don't think it's appropriate to try to develop like lifetime goals because you just don't know how you're gonna respond you know this dude you squatted 285 at the end of your what nine nine five yeah i mean i suppose i lifted weights in high school when i was a swimmer because i was smart enough to do some non-swimming stuff sure then i didn't similarly didn't know what i was doing and just did what other people did in the weight room pretty much when i actually started barbell training properly or proper like that yeah it's quite a 285 in four months of training yeah i think that started around one twenty five or something on the squat i guess yeah um but how many people running that same program looks quite more than you lots of them how many of those people have been more than you for a single very few none of them yeah the point is that your initial results within the first six months or a year are not predictive of how you're gonna do long term so that's why i don't think it's a that you could do like these lifetime goals yeah no i agree with that i actually probably wouldn't if i you know if i were in that situation i probably wouldn't set goals in terms of number performance at all at the beginning fair because i think about where i was and there was a guy who was front squatting three fifteen of my gym and i thought he was a god it was like i don't know if i'll ever be able to do that right and i've since front squatting three fifteen for ten i just had no concept of anything back then and so numbers were like meaningless and i would probably rather set like process goals rather than outcome goals right process goals being you know i want to train say three times a week consistently not miss a session for the next nine months or something like that i would set that kind of a goal um rather than a number because i think a number you end up doing stupid things when there are a number goals right because if you're not on pace then you start doing stupid things to try to speed up the pace if you start to get greedy and you try to get too close to it and then maybe you have a setback then you're like whole goal is ruined and then you're like lose a bunch of motivation and bad things happen from that standpoint um so even now i don't typically set hard numerical goals for myself because training has so many ups and downs particularly at this stage of our training training has so many ups and downs um and PRs are few and far between they take a long time to get through so i don't actually set new numerical i'm like it'd be cool to lift this much but i don't know what i'm gonna get there i'm just gonna keep training and you know show up four times a week and put in the work or whatever until i get there so i focus way more in process goals than on outcome goals for myself where other people feel like i want to win national so i'm like okay well i guess if that's realistic then maybe you're gonna win national yeah i'm glad you brought up the process being process oriented particularly early on because again you're just guessing with numbers anyway like outcome really to goals but if that's your thing okay i just think something short term is probably a little more uh tangible than like always what so i have an laundry like that you're probably bound to be disappointed yeah never gonna happen probably last question is it yeah oh have you ever been in a position where you're willingness to denounce silly BS in medicine negatively affected relationships with colleagues or friends if so what was your experience like and how did you deal with it uh yes this has happened often i mean i mean so so for me i it doesn't matter to me if i'm wrong and what i mean by that is not that i don't get upset or like it doesn't like challenge my like oh man or i don't want to prove that i'm right but like i don't hold a grudge about it i just like thing i was wrong i feel smarter at the end of that and then i get to tell you guys funny stories well i'm like writing stuff on the board i'm like yeah and then i thought this and turns out i was an idiot um at the moment you feel like oh my whole being is being challenged um but in general i like go that you know relatively quickly after i accept that i was wrong so i'm i'm cool with with with feeling that uh some other individuals are not cool with feeling that and want to protect that at all costs and so if we disagree on something it's not just that we disagree and like we can still be friends and get a beer together but it's i think that they're stupid i think that they're a bad person and we can't ever hang out again one of my you know i thought we were boys my publish that article shades gray and we're not friends anymore like we we i had a sense of a text message to be like hey like we we good you know and he's like you know there was some some back and forth there and and uh yet i don't think we're gonna ever add i think it's irreparable so it's unfortunate you know because i thought we were friends just because we have a different sort of opinions on things doesn't mean that we can't be you know cordial and like talk about other stuff so that's one thought but it's happened a lot i think with respect to denouncing silly bs like our main thing is like we don't want individuals to cause harm in our community so we're more apt to speak out against people we feel like are doing harm i also think that now particularly are are we've kind of pivoted instead of like just arguing with people we'd rather just put out our own information and say here's what we think if you're willing to accept it you will into you know look at this critically like cool good if you want us to just argue with somebody on on their own terms like probably not gonna engage in that too often unless you know have had a few too many drinks or like super bored so i think you like we've kind of graduated in a way like instead of putting out you know trying to extinguish somebody else's flange like we'll just build our build our own light and and let people come to us yeah that's pretty much my where where i'm at at this point in terms of putting out information trying to support it as best i can and then if people are wanting to buy into that that's cool and if not that's cool too but we get tagged all the time and stuff that people try to drag us into arguments and 100% of the time i ignore those tags just you can't drag me into this stuff anymore um get DMs from people trying to argue about stuff ignore that and it's just not worth it to me so there's some degree of like self preservation that has to happen because we're in this like public space now that i never really asked for but here we are so hello kind of well hold on what let's go back to like 2015 you're about to graduate yeah so let's say that we were having a standard brocestersh mega rush yeah all right and i was like looked dude like five years from now we're gonna be on tour prestige worldwide bridging the gap between modern medicine and striking dishening and communicating this as public figures in the community you you cool with that or not well if i wasn't ever cool with that i don't think we're doing you'd be psyched you'd be like wait really yeah and i'd be like and get this you're not gonna work full time at all so well you'd be like whoa yeah i think being in a public being in this public space uh it comes with a bunch of challenges with it and you can let it kind of wear you down in some capacities or you can develop some coping mechanisms and so there's certainly colleagues that i've come to disagree with on things and that's led to some of us going in our separate directions necessarily but yeah i i have developed things some skills of emotionally detaching from some of those things and not letting it wear me down too bad because it's it's not worth it so i think that i agree we try to put out this material put out a positive message get people empowered self efficacious taking care of themselves and training and then you know haters gonna hate hate is gonna play or look i'm adding one question okay because we already talked about it so we know the answer okay so we were asked yesterday by Russell we had to ask a physician like five questions or we had like five criteria to pick a primary care doctor what would those five things be because we could ask some variation of this question all the time like what makes good primary care doctor and that's how everyone talks in my mind so i'm sorry i know either none of you sound like that but in my mind like that's what sound like that's so i have a hearing problem okay so i'm gonna do this from memory you correct me if i'm wrong okay so is effectively the familiarity with the following five things so you have to be familiar with the obesity guidelines from the american academy of enter chronology 2016 you have to be familiar with the low back pain series in the Lancet good 2018 2018 so funny you have to use the uh USPSTF uh guidelines training guidelines yeah all right what else were the other two i forgot the other two you haven't said the physical activity guidelines yet you have to be familiar with the physical activity guidelines for americans 2018 2018 because they're updated yeah it was a fifth one do we forget what was the fifth one i know it was like a wild card hmm maybe you have to be really good at this whole behavior change do you? yeah that was like my my take on this you know so so the idea is wrapping up the behavior change in motivational interviewing stuff all in one like criterion yeah you just have to have access to like at least we're gonna be able to refer people just to to different places if you don't have time to do this in your clinic um the whole thing you know is that you're familiar with what we consider to be the oh would be the it was the high blood pressure uh stuff because you're thinking the top five risk factors for mortality yeah yeah yeah so the top five risk factors for mortality we would have except expect the primary care doc to be able to take care of or at least make some sort of headway in and so again that's addressing obesity addressing being sedentary addressing high blood pressure addressing high blood sugar yeah i'm sure it's okay and smoking yes and then also having this oh by the way i can i can work with you on pain too doesn't mean that the other skills that they learn or learn in residency or that a learning medical training aren't useful it's just like i don't necessarily care if my low if my primary care doctor can diagnose this particular autoimmune disease or you know treat treat some other condition with there this there might be a specialist for that i'd rather have more primary care doctors who know these things than you know we're able to exercise a lipoma you can get your office sure yeah so yeah that's it for our first seminar for 2020 thank you guys so much for coming out