My name is Jordan Faganbaum, I'm the creator of Barbel Medicine and I'm going to do a strong man competition. Yeah, so I normally compete in powerlifting, I just did powerlifting me two weeks ago, never had done a strong man competition or anything like this before. I don't know, I had this competitive bug where I was like, I want to compete in powerlifting again and I want to compete in strong man. And I'd been wanting to do a strong man meat for a while just because the events look fun, you get to display your strength in different ways, it looks like it's a fun thing to watch for the crowd and I don't know the idea of doing these different types of strength displays. It seems fun. You get to do axle bar deadlifts and clean and press and pull a truck like that all seems cool and I don't know, I just finished it and try and it. I've never trained any strong man stuff before actually, which is interesting because I used to train at this gym, brute strength gym in Norfolk, Virginia and I was in medical school and they had all of the strong man stuff there. They had everything from like finger fingers to the appallants wheel to a Hussophel stone. They had regular stones, yolks and farmers walk handles and framed heres and a car deadlift and I mean literally everything but I didn't touch any of that stuff. I think in fact one time at the gym some of the guys were goading me into do like a car deadlift and I don't know. Because they knew I was like decent polar. They were like yeah, you know, I'm fighting about going and do this car deadlift and luckily no video exists from that because it was not a good display of my strength. But I literally have never done a joke, never have done stones or anything like that up until two weeks ago when I started training for the strong man meat. Yeah, so a parallel thing that like said two weeks ago and then since then basically got right back on the horse and started training. So I had to meet on Sunday and then Tuesday we went to Chicago and I started training again. I mean, it's still been squatted and deadlifting but I have been squatting with the yoke, the yoke attachments if I can find them and I've been doing more reps because I'm trying to build some capacity to walk with this heavy yoke. So I've been basically working up to heavy set of five and then doing some sets of ten for back off work and then all the pressing work I've been doing with has been mostly with an axle. I think I've bench pressed once in the last two weeks, something like that and then everything else has been either axle press or axle cleaning press or something like that. And I've used the flip all bar Swiss bar to bench press once and then for my deadlift training I've just been doing deadlifts with the axle if I can get one to play on. If not, I've been just deadlifting for high reps on the regular barbell because it's Amrap deadlift in a minute. So just kind of trying to build some capacity there. But yeah, how it basically has been working is just one or two, you know, couldnt go big lifts, so it would be like squat with the yoke attachments or yoke bar or something like that and then axle press and then I would do some event specific work like farmers walk or yoke yoke walks or actually don't know if they call them that. This is just what I call them. So over a heavy sled push and pull medley, something like that. So it's basically how I've been training for the last two weeks. I mean, obviously it'd be nice to have more time to train. It just hasn't worked out like that. Oh yeah, okay, so event-wise there's a max deadlift. I think it's 500 pounds for the lightweight men. I'm going to be at the 200 pound class. Although they did just combine it. It's like under 231, so I'm not going to cut. I'm just going to go weigh in at like 202 or 205 or whatever. I end up being into the middle of the day, so I'm going to eat normally and then just weigh in because it doesn't matter. But yes, so there's an Amrap deadlift at 500 pounds using an axle bar. And I asked Alan, I was like, why are you guys using the axle? You know, if it's from the floor, like what's the deal? He's like, yeah, so the bar doesn't give it all, like a normal bar belt would and then the plates don't roll. So, and obviously the thing is thicker, so it's a little bit forward. I was like, I mean, weird flex, but okay, Alan. So it's one minute as many reps as possible, so it's at 500. I feel pretty confident about that because deadlifts. So I think the last time, I've been, I've trained this a few times over the past two weeks. 525 for a set of 10, like an 8 and then I did 500 for 12 at an 8. And yeah, some pretty confident about that one, it should be okay. Although I wonder if they allow you to like, touch and go, because I don't know how to do that. I mean, not efficiently anyway, so we'll see how that goes. And then the second event is a clean and press. I think most people are going to be continental cleaning pressing, and I don't know how to do that. So I'm just going to like muscle clean it and then strict press it because I'm pretty efficient. If that's I did 260, 255 and 260 have done that in the last two weeks and Allencing to think that'd be pretty competitive. So so then they have a yoke and farmers walk medley, so it's 700 pounds on the yoke and then 300 pounds in each hand on the farmers walk. So the first time I did the yoke was three days after my meat, uh, and I was in Chicago, and I loaded it up to 600 pounds and that felt fine. And then the next time I did it was two days after that, uh, in Chicago, Alan was there, and I loaded it to 700 pounds and that felt terrible. I think the yoke was too high and my stance was too narrow and whatever and I don't know what I'm doing. So that just it felt bad. And so that was my, those were my two times, um, you know, being exposed to the yoke, basically just like walking school hot, so there's something like that. But heavy, uh, so we'll see how that goes. I've been able to practice on the farmers handles a few times, so I'm more confident in that, although I guess it's going to depend on which farmers handles they use. So I just I bought a pair from rogue, which seemed fine. And, um, yeah, it's hard to hold onto 300 plus pounds in each hand, but I've been doing it. So, uh, I feel okay about that. The next one, the stones, uh, I've touched stones once in my life. Alan was there, and, uh, there's definitely some skill to it, and then I just don't know what I'm doing. Um, but I can pick the stones up pretty well. Uh, it's just figuring out how to like, readjust and get it over the, over the bar. Uh, and I guess you, we have to carry them, too. So I'm not very confident about that, just given the fact that I'm only going to want's. And then, uh, the last event, I think is the truck pole push medley, which seems pretty self explanatory. Uh, I've been just pushing and pulling a heavy sled to try to get ready for that. So we'll see in my cardio is, you know, reasonably good. Uh, so overall, I feel pretty confident. I don't have no idea what to expect competition-wise, and I have no idea, like how the flow of the meat's going to go. So we'll see how all that shakes out. Uh, it should be a good time though. And, uh, I don't know, I'm pretty competitive guy. So, let's see if I can sneak in there for maybe a podium or something like that. Also my favorite thing so far. Uh, I don't know. Honestly, probably the, the farmer's handles have been like the most quote unquote fun at just because like, I don't know, you feel like more athletic, just carrying something really, really heavy and it's hard. And I don't know, it's like cool, because you get to use a lot of weight. I like that. Uh, the yoke has been the least fun. And I know it just said it's cool to like do this thing with a lot of weight or whatever in the yokes even heavier, but it's just so uncomfortable. And I know that sounds like whatever it excuse. I just, it's really uncomfortable. And I think the learning process for that maybe is a little longer than farmer, so at least for me. So, uh, but yeah, that and the stones are cool. And I don't know, I just think it's going to be fun to go out there and do something different. And, uh, so if we can, uh, see if we can put in a good result. If you're not using a new iron mind straps that I just got, they're not paying you say these. I love their straps. I have their so easy straps that I normally use, prepare a lifting for a lot of supplemental pulls when I need them. But these are the longer ones for straw man, which are handy for the accident. So I got to check out those water bottle, action probably gonna wear my deadlift shoes. Certainly on the accident deadlift. And probably on the farmers walk and yoke medley. I'll probably wear my Olympic shoes for the clean press and the stones. And then I'll probably wear these things. These are just like mechons, whatever for the truck pull push. I don't love those shoes. I'm just saying, I don't love them. I probably wouldn't train them, uh, although I did pull 500 for 10 in them and I never find. And I think I pulled 5, 15 for 10 in 2 and they're also fine, you know, but that's still, I don't love these shoes for just like general training. I was trying to push it heavy, heavy and the shoe kept coming off. And I had these things like cinch down. Like the heel kept coming off. Not, not certainly comfortable. Uh, let's see, pair X. This YouTube video has been sponsored by pair X. I guess some kind of wood. But yeah, just some caffeine. Uh, to use that, you get my Olympic shoes, watches, whatever, and cool, short of loads. This is in here. I'm going to bring my wrist straps, even though I don't think I'm going to use them for anything. But if I do want to use them on the cleaner press, I haven't been using them, but maybe I won't just in case. I have all these, uh, uh, uh, don't see it all, bringing these knees sleeves, probably these just in case. I have one among the, uh, or farmers, which I, I might. Um, but, uh, you know, balance, that's a good idea. But yeah, almost brain just in case. That's the other stuff. Okay. Yeah. So these are the, the row straps that I bought, because I thought they were going to be long enough to use on the axle. They're like one inch short. So I'm not going to bring those out. And then these are my normal straps, so easy. Once for my reminder, I probably had these for like five or six years. I'm not going to bring them, because I don't get a strong enough comp, but these are my favorite straps. Also, and I think has the same ones, but they make a longer version. There's like one or two inches longer, and I think he's got that. This had a spin of my fan, I think. It's probably a thing to put it in the belt, ammonia, baby powder. Yeah, I'm probably not. I don't know if I've been bringing this. I think balance got tacky for me, I didn't buy my own, but what are these? Oh, just socks. Do those in there? Yeah, I'm like most of my life is very unorganized. Oh, I brought a spare change of clothes. I still have a similar. And my meat shirt, I think those things fall in need of your wash. What do you guys think? This is gross. So, headphones, chaps to great. Well, I'll get packed up, get ready to go, and the blast off in the morning. I'll go see Alan. I'll put on tape straight. All right, made it to the venue, rep in the old vintage barbell medicine shirt. Getting ready for rules briefing and first event, things to axle deadlift. So, I'll talk to about that. First, I'm in me. Let's do it. And I fell in a corkerance when I was a kid. And still I can a girl芝ifi on short barbell medicine shirt popping up. I'm gonna get up and start getting through I'm gonna get up and start getting through I'm feeling cold I can't wait to hear the melody go I'm gonna go into the beat I'm gonna go into the beat I'm gonna get up and start getting through I'm gonna go into the beat I'm gonna go into the beat I'm gonna drop that stuff. I'm gonna drop that stuff. I'm gonna drop him with a bear. What happened there, Jordan? Not strong enough. Yeah, the yolk just, I mean, as the third time I've ever touched the yolk. So, I'm gonna drop you again. Four, four, four. So I think, I mean, you saw like, the first two, like, it's not knowing what to do. I was just, I was just, I was just, I was just, I was like, oh, I figured it out. I almost made the whole pass and a farmer thought I was tired. And retrospective? How would I have done more, you? I'm saying you're under a train. I'm saying, for this specific type of strength, I'm under train. Can I change my clothes? Touch me. Oh, my clothes... Oh, my clothes... There she is. Here you go. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is. Where are you going? There's my hot plan. There he is. There he is. There he is. There he is.osse- roast and Yeah, when you were like, we're taking, we're taking. Yeah, remember when we were, yeah, we were like Steve, I said you were just going to sweat. I was like, pick it up and it was like, yeah. Yeah, yeah. That's a job dude. It's like a deadlift bar with stones. Yeah. Yeah. I'm really, really. Yeah. Yeah. I'm really, really. Yeah. Go. I'm really, really, really. I'm really glad to be here. I'm really glad to be here. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. We're going to get this backpack, and we're going to get this backpack. I'm really glad to be here. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm really glad to be here. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's a good, a good, a good, a good, a good. I'm here! I'm the winner! I'm going! Let's go! Come on! I'm going! Come on! You go! Come on! You go! You should sit. Hey, you're out! Hey, we did do it, go, go, go! Can you do it with a coaching? She's like... She's like... Yeah, literally I was like... Trying to dig in? Yeah. Like the MX. Slip it. I wanted to shine up. You're pushing with the tires straight. Super man, bro. Yeah. Alright, so that was my first strong man competition. I had a ton of fun, all the events were completely different than anything I had done before. And I had a blast. Things I would do differently. I would train actually for strong man competitions, been a longer amount of time preparing, doing the specific events. Mainly just to improve my skill set with respect to doing those actual movements. The actual deadlift obviously was fine because it's deadlift. But the clean and press even I would have preferred to learn how to do the continental clean and press. So my best strict press of all time is 295 pounds. But if I have to muscle clean it and then press it, especially with an axle of the best I've ever done. It's 260 which was a week prior to the meat. The issue was this particular bar was like smoothly machined. It wasn't like chrome or polished or anything like that. But it was just very, very smooth compared to the textured rogue bar that I had bought and practiced with. So ultimately I would have liked to learn the continental clean and press because I think that I could do a lot better. I would have liked to have known the rules a little bit more clearly on the axle clean and press as far as how they do tie breakers. So in my mind it was like a powerlifting me where you could just do you know you have your three attempts and whoever's got the heaviest weight at the end of the three attempts is the winner. If there's a tie they go on body weight or just everyone gets the same amount of points. In strong man it the tie is broken by who opened heavier. So I opened at 180 just because I wanted to take all three attempts and my plan was go from 180 to 220. Then if you 20 felt great I was going to go to 260 because they were taking 20 pound jumps but I felt pretty confident on my press 220 felt okay but the texture of the bar. I just didn't feel confident being able to muscle clean 260. So even though a lot of us tied at 240 I lost the tie breaker which is why I got fifth in that event. How I opened at 220 I would have actually taken second or third in that event and won the overall for the lightweight men's division. So I wish I would have known that rule and I wish I would have learned how to do the continental clean press. The yolk in farmers carry medley actually went way better than planned. I got second in that event. I would have liked to have practiced more on the yolk so that way I didn't drop it so many times so that I could have a fair shake at doing the farmers carry. Because I think I could have done better on that had I had an opportunity to drop it more than once. I just needed to get my grip set and that didn't do a good job of that. The stones actually went better than planned because I've only touched stones once before and so being able to carry and then load 240 was pretty good for me. The last stone I was actually surprised that I couldn't pick it up. Yeah, I decided to use medical tape around my forearm because I was told that that would help with the tacky that was already on the stones and from the other competitors. And then I would like that. However, my forearms got sweaty and the things just slid down. I wish I wouldn't have used them because every time I tried to pick up that last stone it was just kind of like pulling down. So that was a mistake and I would have obviously liked to practice with the stones more but I was just really surprised to not be able to pick it up because I picked up a heavier stone than that before with no tacky, nothing. I just yeah the medical tape was just sliding on there. And then on the truck pull and push that actually went really well. I don't think that I could have prepared any better for that. I did well on that. The shoes that I had those Nike Metcon flying it, whatever the heck they are. Nike's definitely not paying me to say this because I do not like those shoes. Even for other sort of general training, you know, just for like a training sneaker. I think they're much better options. I prefer the Metcon one or Metcon two if I have to stick with it Nike or the innovates. Those are like my preferred sort of just general training shoe. If I'm not going to wear weightlifting shoe or something like that or deadless specific shoe. At the meat at this competition, I probably should just want my deadlifts shoes. They're a little stickier. Those Nike's were like just sliding all over the place. And my heel was trying to come out of the thing even though they're the correct size. And I had them cinched down and it's not the first time I've had that problem. I just thought that they needed to break in but yeah, the not my favorite not my favorite shoes. But getting second on that event and second overall, I, you know, can't be unhappy with how I did and I had an absolute blast. So I want to thank Alan Throll and Robert Striehan for putting this meat on the untamed strength. And Sacramento, it was great. I'll probably do another one maybe some time early next year. But before then, I have to move to San Diego and actually a parallel thing to me coming up in October that's in San Diego. So that's going to be a good time. Hopefully a full meat prep can help me pee on my total and all my lifts. That would be a good day for me. And so I'm looking forward to that. But as always, thank you so much for watching the Bartle Medicine YouTube channel. We bring modern medicine to strengthen conditioning. I'm Dr. Jordan Faganbaum. If you dug the video, make sure to leave a comment below, hit like, subscribe for all the latest content. Share it with your friends. See you guys next time. For a cameraman, what I do is fucking his life. How the hype teams? That's what I do. Yeah, and hype team. Thank you guys for coming out. This is chocolate. Free bucket to cocaine. Oh, this is for the ladies right here. Thank you.