Okay. Should the elderly be prescribed anabolic steroids? So there are actually some situations where anabolic steroids have been researched for medical use. This includes severe burns because burn patients, whole body burns and things like that is a major hyper-cathabolic state. So there's some research in that world. And other syndromes where there is severe muscle and fat wasting, syndrome called Kekcia. So anabolic steroids have also been researched in like HIV-AIDS related Kekcia where these patients are just literally skin and bones. They've wasted away. So this is being looked at. I think part of the reason outside of the obvious social stigma around this stuff that they're not kind of used more liberally in practice is actually when you look at the available research that we have on this stuff in elderly patients, the outcomes are actually not like mind-blowingly good. And so I think that until such point as that evidence would emerge where we put an elderly individual presumably sarcopenic individual, not just somebody who's elderly for the sake of it, on anabolic if we see fantastic results in terms of quality of life or other kind of positive outcome measures, then I wouldn't expect medical societies or organizations to recommend this stuff until we have a solid evidence based to stand on. Think a big part of it is that that doesn't actually exist yet. And I'm actually open to the possibility that they may not deliver the benefits that we all assume they would. Rather, I think that we should pull the levers that we know work right now, getting physical activity up and getting the nutritional intake to where it should be. And I definitely think it's reasonable for us to research this stuff. But going back to the root of the question should the elderly be prescribed anabolic steroids? At this time, no, that's not wouldn't be my recommendation because we don't have clear evidence of consistent benefit whereas there is some potential for harm, particularly in elderly who, again, remember the number one cause of death in the US in the world that I talked about on day one yesterday is cardiovascular disease. And there are cardiovascular risks associated with these medications. If you were to give them to patients, so we're giving them medications with some known risk from a cardiovascular standpoint and potentially other organ systems that can be evolved. They're involved. There can be side effects on the liver depending on the type of antibiotics deride and the route of administration as well as on the kidneys. And a few other kind of potential side effects and complications for unclear benefit. So we need research to demonstrate clear benefit before we're going to comfortably prescribe it and that really stands. In my opinion for any medical intervention that we're going to do, I would prefer to have good evidence of benefit before I do it. And that has been particularly relevant recently with COVID when it comes to deciding how we're going to treat these patients. Yeah, I won't get good evidence before I decide to give somebody particularly medication that has known risks and unknown benefits. Yeah, I feel similarly mainly with respect to the, obviously the respect of it analysis, but with the existing data on this. If there was robust data showing like, yeah, when you give elderly patients testosterone, they grow huge muscles and their quality of life improves and all this other stuff improves, then I think it would already be widely adopted. Right now you have, you know, a relatively few amount of studies, particularly looking at muscle wasting and muscle in fact combined wastey diseases. So like Austin said, HIV burn patients, other diseases that causes cakexia like liver disease, et cetera. And then a few like fringe papers that like randomly pop up like using testosterone and women who have chest pain like angina. Pretty easy. Yeah, I remember that one. Yes, we were. Or now the most recent paper that came out of this is testosterone use and depression. And there's other papers obviously out there on testosterone, but much fewer on other antibiotic agents, right? So people are talking about like, oxygen, gelone or anovar, decandurable, whatever. This is the same case that Psalms the selective androgen receptor modulators, these are the new drugs that are on the street, well they're on the street right now, but they're being researched. These are effectively, they're supposed to be like steroid analogs, like work like steroids, but have none of the side effects because they're selective for the receptors that they actually bind to. But unfortunately during the phase two clinical trials when they're doing using them on these older people, they're not getting the benefits that are purported like bigger muscles, stronger muscles, being able to be more active or anything like that. And so when you have this data that like overall suggests not a reliable benefit, and then there are known risk factors, it makes sense that the medical community is kind of like, even during our board's prep, I remember on like step one, there was a question about using anabolic steroid, like a patient who was using anabolic steroids, and then like one of the lines was, data that, at present, does not show or shows that anabolic steroids don't provide a performance benefit in sport, please counsel the patient accordingly. And I was like, uh, Vinny down the street at gold, might have been a video. So as far as how this works in the future, I think if better data comes out, that of a useful, in order to get that better data, we need to do more studies. And I think that in general medicine is fairly liberally leaning, liberal leaning, and so as new data emerges, I don't know that any stigma is going to prevent us from like adopting the latest practices provided ample evidence exists. There was a big series of studies that came out, uh, think maybe last year or two years ago called the testosterone trials. It was a big set of multiple studies on testosterone for various outcomes. So if you're interested in this topic, I'll just look up, look, that was up, and get some results. Yep.