All right, question number two. If hospitalized, should I have somebody bring me way protein? You know, this is a funny question. I'm not a silly question. I'm not like that. Yeah. So when I was an intern, I did try to routinely order people double protein when I was putting in their nutrition like Rex. So you have to put in orders for every patient you admit. And for diet, you know, you pick, oh, they NPO. So they can't eat anything. Or is it just liquids or whatever? I would routinely put in double protein. And every time I would get a page, like in the audition, I said, why? And I'm like, I mean, look, they're risk for sarcopenia. Oh, I feel like this is, and they're like, no, this is wrong. Yeah, I mean, if I was hospitalized, I would try to eat more dietary protein. And I'm not saying that just because I'm like protein or gains. This is the thing is the risk of like critical illness, myopathy, bed rest, and it's effect on your antibiotic resistance. All those sort of factors, in addition to not training, would all put you up much higher risk for losing muscle tissue. And for most folks, especially those who don't have like a profound amount of extra muscle tissue to lose, having a concentrated source of dietary protein that is available to stimulate muscle protein synthesis. And there's also relatively low in calories, and it's easy to consume, seems like a good deal. So you don't, I mean, if you can't get it in the hospital, because they would give you insure or something or boost or something like that. There's effectively a protein shake that is low in protein. Well, with plenty of sugar in it. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I mean, look, it's got calories, and so people can consume that. And I'm not saying that it's bad, universally. I'm just saying that if you're going to have the insure, like I want the extra 20 grams of protein, too, so get you some way. Yeah, I mean, I think that's reasonable. On the other hand, the counter argument that I make frequently, when we're talking about in hospital diets, because I am involved in making these decisions frequently, is that it's unlikely to make a big difference on people's long-term outcomes when most hospital stays or not going to be particularly long. If you're in an unfortunate situation where you're in the hospital for like three months, then sure, I can make an argument that it's going to make a big difference there. But I'll frequently, majority of the patients that I admit to the hospital are going to be in the hospital for three days or less. Most of them, and fewer, they're longer than that. And then the few of us are going to be there for like weeks to months on end. So somebody who's going to be in the hospital for a day or two days or three days, we're going to say, oh, they have heart disease. So we're going to put them on a heart healthy diet for a day in the hospital. And like, it doesn't really do anything. So I tend to not be super picky about that, because ultimately what it ends up is doing is just restricting the patients' choices when they're in the hospital. And they're already miserable enough. And there's no sense in my mind torturing them for something to give them like two meals that fit this criteria that really. So the bigger deal would be if we could get them to consume sufficient dietary protein in the weeks, months, and years leading up to the hospitalization. So they're super jacked when they go to the hospital. And they're at lower risk of in-hospital mortality. And arguably, they don't need to potentially go into the hospital all if the condition could have been averted. So I think that's far more important than worrying about an in-hospital diet because most hospital stays are relatively short. But to the extent they're going to be there for a while, as long as you don't have any reasons not to feed somebody's gut, then sure you can give them some protein. So they're going to be there for a while. If you were going to be in the hospital for seven days, you take it some way. Maybe I'm not going to be going out of my way to get it now. But you know, you know the range of ring these some way. Yeah, probably that strawberry junk junk keeps it in the back of your head. Yeah, I know.