Welcome back to the Barbell Medicine YouTube channel. I'm Dr. Jordan Fagginbaum. This is training vlog number 39. I am six weeks out from my powerlifting meat and we're going to recap my lifts from the week. First, we need coffee. First up, let's start with the gear. I'm using a Baratza On-core Burr grinder. On the Burr grinder, I have the setting set to 15. Basically, there are two steel burrs that grind the coffee and the grind size is regulated by the distance between the two burrs. So, higher the number, the further the distance between the burrs and the course are the grind. The pour over that I'm using is a kaleeta trai wave pour over and it does use a paper filter that slows down the flow of water, but not a whole lot and then it waves inside the drippers well and that basically speeds up the flow of water. So, to get the right extraction to get the right flavor for me, I like to use a medium to find grind. It basically slows down the passage of water through the grounds because it's a little finer consistency. So like I said, I'm using a kaleeta trai wave pour over and I put that on top of the time more electronic scale. It not only tells you the mass of coffee grounds and water that you're using so you can get the right ratio, but also there's a timer on there. I'm also using Verf coffee, Verf was a local brand. I started in Santa Cruz, California and I was living up there for a little bit and got addicted and I can find it at my local Whole Foods. So that's the coffee that I'm using. So in any case to try to get the right amount of extraction, basically we're trying to get the right flavor notes from the beans. So I use this one to 15 ratio. You can use anything from one to 14, one to 16 and that's grounds to water. It's 40 grams of coffee to 600 grams of water when I'm making two cups or when I'm making one cup I'll use 30 grams of coffee and 450 grams of water. The main thing here is to use enough grounds to actually restrict the flow of water. So you actually have to have enough coffee grounds in the filter to make sure you're slowing down the passage of water enough. So I can't make a smaller cup with like 20 grams of grounds. So I kind of cut it off at 30 grams. That's the minimum amount of coffee that I'm going to make using this brew device. Another thing that people will tell you to like rinse the filter basically you're trying to rinse away any filter flavors. Maybe preheat the brewing device in this case to clean a dry wave dripper and maybe that helps maintain a constant flow rate of water if you preheat it. But I'm not convinced that any of that is real. So I don't want the filter. I don't do any of that stuff. In any case I just put 30 grams of coffee grounds into the filter and then I'm ready to start my pour. To do the pour I'm using the Stag EKG electric kettle. It's really great because you get to set the temperature and you want somewhere between 195 to 205 degrees Fahrenheit or 90 to 96 degrees Celsius. When I do the pours to make the coffee I'm trying to do four pours on average. I start the timer on my scale just to make sure that I'm taking enough time to for each pour and between pours. I'm usually trying to do about 60 grams of water on the first pour to get a bloom. That's basically the release of carbon dioxide from the beans. So I'm looking to do that over about 15 seconds and then wait about 40 seconds so at a minute I'll do my second pour which is usually 100 to 150 grams of water. Something like that. In another 20 seconds and then I'm going to wait a minute. Then I'm going to do about a similar slice pour maybe a little bit smaller because I'm just making one cup here. 15 to 20 seconds, wait another minute and then I'm going to finish it up to make my single cup at 450 grams. Again I'm using that one to 15 ratio and kind of let it finish dripping. It should take about three to four minutes to do this whole brew. This is a light roast until I'm shooting for three to four minutes. It's a dark roast maybe a little bit longer but yep that's how I make coffee. Just because I know it's going to come up if you have any questions about caffeine and how it pertains to health I did a YouTube video on that and I've linked that in the description below. A few announcements before we get into this week's training blog did a really great podcast with Coach Jake Sipkin of NRK's training methods. I've ever wondered about CrossFit, how to program for CrossFit, the differences between programming for a CrossFit athlete who's like going to the games, regionals versus recreational CrossFit, injury risk, all that sort of stuff. That's the podcast. It's the CrossFit podcast. I've linked that in the description below as well and then finally you may be digging this new spruce maybe is the color hoodie. We have a bunch of new apparel that is dropping tomorrow. This video should go up on Friday the 15th and then I believe the apparel drop is the 16th. Depending on when you're watching this, head over to the barbell medicine website and check out the new apparel if you want to rep barbell medicine. Okay, so let's hop into this week's training. It was technically last week's training because again that's how time works. So this current week, which you'll see next week, has also been going great. But last week was my first week of a new training block. I wanted to answer a question that actually got a lot of likes from the last video because it does pertain to starting a new training block, particularly for a meat prep. So Matt the Furn writes would love to see you troubleshoot training and stuff during meat prep in order to stay on track to hit your numbers when things don't go as planned. So just first and foremost, I don't know that there's a way to manufacture a weight on the bar, meaning that if you go into a training session and it's not there, I don't know that I have any tricks to give you to just spontaneously put more weight on the bar. Really, I think the most important thing that I could impart to you guys, the audience is when you're starting a new training block is I would be a little bit more conservative in picking your initial weights. I think it is also useful, particularly if you're a trained individual and if it's a meat prep, there is a firm end date to your training block to have goals that you're trying to achieve by the end of that block. Now, most training should be process oriented and I get in all the training in and I do all the sets, I'm sticking to the RPE, stuff like that. But I do think when you have a firm end date to your training block because you have a meat, it's okay to also have some of those outcome-based goals. So for me, I do like starting conservatively on week one and I'm kind of basing where I'm starting at particularly for the lifts that I've had prior exposure to based on the last block. So the last training block I finished up with a 291 kilo or 640 pounds squat on the bench press. I did 187.5 kilos, which is 412 pounds and then on the deadlift, I did 320, 4 kilo deadlift or 115 pounds. So I don't want to start there because that's as high as I got on the last training block. I want to start a little bit under it and the idea is that through this block I'll be able to surpass that and then do that at the meat. And since I have meat numbers that I'm kind of thinking about, I also know like, okay, I can't start any lower than this and reasonably add a little chunk of weight each week. So to do this in practice, I think the RPE is going to be very useful. So generally on your prescription for training, you're going to have rep set an RPE sort of prescription. Mine, for example, this week for squat was a single at eight and then do a set of five at eight and then do one back down set. That was on competition squat. I had multiple other squats, slots throughout the week. So in picking that weight, if I want to end around 290 or maybe a little bit higher before I go to the meat, I know that the most I'm going to feel comfortable adding week by week is about five kilos. Sure if I'm really feeling it, I could add a little bit more but the idea that I'll be able to add seven and a half kilos or ten kilos per week is just unlikely. 1% 2% that seems like a reasonable sort of gain, particularly if I'm building momentum, which is probably the most important thing you can do in a meat prep block. You want the person feeling invincible when they go into the meat, have a lot of positive jugeo, a lot of momentum rolling into the meat if you can. So I couldn't start any lighter really than like 270 or 270 2.5 kilos, which is 595 or 600 pounds. The idea would be, I'm going to try to add five kilos each week and then if I do that, the duration of this meat prep block I'll be at 290 or so by the end of it before I go to the meat. I would be totally fine hitting 290 again and going into the meat and then trying to hit something like 295 at the meat if it's there. So the benchmark, how do they get to 290 kilos or 638 pounds as like my sort of target? I'm looking at like a conservative third attempt. Something that I'm pretty sure I can get. I'm really confident in and I would like to do that in training. My reach number is like 295 kilos or 650 pounds or maybe even 300 kilos, 660 pounds. But I just don't think it's reasonable that I'm going to hit that in training without it costing me a ton of fatigue. If I didn't have a meat coming up, then you know, yellow, let's do this thing. But so that's the way I kind of bracket like where do I want to get by the end of a meat? What's the conservative third? So for a squat, it's 290 kilos or 638 pounds for a bench. Some around 200 kilos or 440 pounds and on deadlift I'd like to pull 340, which is 748. I believe so yeah, I'm going to add, try to add somewhere between 2.5 to 5 kilos per week to each of my top singles there. And so in order to ensure that at least the first 2 or 3 weeks of this meat prep block, I'm building some positive momentum, I'm going to start conservatively. Doesn't mean to ignore the RPE. It just means that you don't have to concentrate on making sure it's really a single of 8. If it's a single 7 or 7 and a half, that's fine. Try to build some momentum this first few weeks and then ideally you have all those good vibes going into the final few weeks. Make sure at that point you might go do a single at 8.5 or a single at 9, over a shoot a little bit to hit your target. But the point is to, at that point you're very close to the meat, it's probably a good trade-off at that point rather than doing it at the start of a meat prep block. Again, I don't know a way to manufacture weight on days that it's just not there, but I do play some games with myself. For example, I can't add weight to the top set or top single or something or it don't feel comfortable doing that, I'll try to do it on a back-off set or something like that. So at least I feel like I'm improving, I can rationalize things, I'm still trending that way. Now this assumes that I'm not injured or feeling just very, very fatigued. If that's the case, I'm probably going to try to change the programming in order to again, try to build some momentum and dissipate fatigue. So if I'm injured or very, very fatigued, I may start my taper earlier, maybe 10 days out, 14 days out, which is about twice as long as I normally do, just like three to five days, it's my normal taper to go into a meat. Or if my training numbers are just kind of tanking and I don't really feel that tired, I don't really feel that that beat up that I'm kind of like, all right, well this programming isn't really working, maybe I need to go back to a more sort of developmental phase where I'm doing maybe a single, seven or single, eight, and then more volume sets a five at a lower RPE or sets a four at a lower RPE to kind of again, try to build some momentum where I can add weight week by week versus more of a specialization block, which is what I'm in now with a single, eight, and then more some higher intensity work. So that's just kind of how I start a block and I do think that it's important to be relatively conservative when you're starting out, give yourself some room to grow, it's okay to understute, I'd much rather have you understute the initial weights than overstute, and then as far as how much can you understute by, well it just depends on where trying to go and how much time you have. And what you feel like is a reasonable target for yourself to actually add weight to the bar each week. It's unlikely that you'll be able to add weight to the bar each week indefinitely, that linear progression thing kind of falls off, but you know, we gotta make a while of the sun shining and for me right now, my confidence is at all time high, my training has been going really, really well and I feel like it's reasonable, I can add two and a half to five kilos, two my competition lifts each week for the next few weeks as I go into the meat, hit my targets and then do some damage at the meat. So hopefully that's helpful. Let me know in the comments below and which you guys want me to talk about next week, otherwise we'll just review the lifts, which is what we'll do now. All right, so we're starting off on squats here. So this is again the first week of new meat prep block, this is 272.5 kilos, 601, using the squat bar, that looks crispy, good velocity. I mean I probably rate this a seven or seven and a half, but again trying to start conservatively and these are the back offsets, actually done at a little bit lower intensity this first week. So this is only 215 kilos, 463 pounds, if my kilo to pound math is good off hand. Yeah, this second week it actually bumped up to a five at eight, but just had some lighter percentage back offs. This is my comp bench, which I did also on day one, 180 kilos, 396 pounds. This is probably going to be either my last warm-up before my bench, and then I had penalty rows, this is 140 kilos, 388 pounds. I don't really like these platforms are super bouncy, but whatever. And then after that I had track bar dead lifts, so this is 240 kilos, 528 pounds I believe. I had these for eights. So the biggest difference between this block in my last normal meat prep block is I'm doing a lot less volume per lift, but a lot more lifts. So I normally do three lifts per session or so, this is five to six lifts per session, and the overall volume ends up being the same. It just, there's just more lifts. And then I finished up with dumbbell bench. Again, these are hundreds and I'm supposed to do 10 reps at seven. The problem is they don't have any heavier dumbbells, so I actually swapped this out on week two for a duffle of bar bench. Just trying to get that added range of motion. I think that's the real purpose here in addition to some unilateral work. I couldn't find a way. If you're going to wait to do unilateral work, so anyway, all right. So this is day two, 606 or 200 and 75 kilos. About a two inch deficit. And I'm going to do this for a set of four at eight. Yeah, I feel like these are pretty good. Again, with the bouncy platforms, the bar just kind of like jumps all over the place. It actually doesn't feel great on my arms because it's really hard to like just relax your arms at the bottom. So that I went to feed up bench press. It's 130 kilos to 86 pounds. And the biggest thing for me here is to try to keep my shoulder blades pulled back. So when you're doing this feed up stuff, really trying to keep your shoulder blades back. I'm not doing a great job here, but doing sets of 10. So it's hard to keep that going, but just something I'm seeing. Still on day two, same outfit you see. Beltsquats, some doing these with a much narrower stance than I do. Most of the time because it's supposed to be close, close stance, beltsquats. This is actually a myel rep. I can't remember if it was my first or my second myel rep set, but do three 15 for set of 15. It's me somewhere close that eight to nine range, RPUIs. And then I do sets of four after that. So I did two sets of four. I believe one of the first one. And then one set of four and called it on the second one. Myel reps are tough. And for me, particularly because I'm really good at doing singles and low reps stuff, particularly now on my training. Myel reps just gas me. So, but cool shirt, all right. Okay, so this is day three, comp deadlift. This is 320 kilos, 705 pounds. So again, just starting here so that I can add, you know, about five kilos per week as I go into the meat, hit 340 before the meat. Little torque in the mirror. If you guys saw this on Instagram, that's kind of funny. And yeah, I'm happy the way this moved. Starting out over 700 pounds, rated RPA, maybe a little less than that. This is 280 kilos, 16 pounds. I'm going to do this for a set of four. So the prescription was a single at eight and four at eight. This is probably a little bit lighter than an eight. But, you know, again, being conservative on week one so I can build some momentum, manufacture momentum for sure. I don't know how to manufacture weight on the bar when you don't have it, but manufacture some momentum. I can start out a little lighter and then kind of at least give myself a few weeks to grow into a block. Second movement of the day, this is pin bench. This is 182.5 kilos, 402 I believe. And I think that actually moved a little bit better. Even though I hit the I need to move out further from the rack. I think that moved better than my comp bench. So that's reassuring. 165 kilos, 363 pounds. Yeah, this moved pretty good. Again, pin bench is not stronger than my regular bench. It just for whatever reason on this particular day felt better. And these are the GM presses. So another upper body slot, press dominant slot. And I use chains on there to make a little harder at the top just because I'm trying to focus on the tricep. So this is kind of like a hybrid skull crusher, bench press sort of thing. It's trying to really keep the elbows forward and tucked and not hit myself in the face. Did that for sets of 10? Then I did close stance hack squat. This is two 95. I believe these are my o-reps. No, I think these are just sets of 10. You can see my low back actually coming off the pad on some of these reps. And I think, I mean, I haven't ever had never used this particular hack squat machine before. So I did them again this week and again, really Q and myself to kind of push in the pad. Maybe a little bit more comfortable, but, you know, just trying to get some extra leg work with a little bit less back fatigue than another squat slot. These are fine. Squats, squats moving. So can't can't complain. Finally, on a day four, start out with high bar squat. Like the Halloween shirt and the contrast here. A lot of fast fall off. So the idea here was to just set a five and eight. This is 500 pounds. Yeah, haven't done high bar on a while. I think I could do a better job keeping my elbows down, particularly my right elbow. I don't know what it's doing all the way out there. I think the bar is just off centered a little bit if I see. But yeah, that was probably the less than an eight, maybe a seven. But again, conservative, build momentum. Yadda, Yadda, Yadda, you guys know the drill. This close grip bench says 350, 8 pounds or 162.5 kilos. Instead of five, you're like, why are you coming and bringing the bar down so fast? Well, I've been hesitant to actually bring the bar down fast on all the rest of my bench work. And that was my cue. That is bench go faster. And that was a pretty good place to start. Then I had RDLs for sets of 15. And I'm not gonna lie to you guys. My back was lit at this point. So it kept a pretty light 185 kilos, 407. Got some work in. Biggest thing people do wrong in RDLs, they keep their knees straight. It's not a stiff like a deadlift. It's kind of like just a three-quarter deadlift from the top. And yeah, so I come down as low as I can without touching the plates to the floor unless I'm programmed a different depth. But mid-shin levels would I kind of aim for? Keep my back flat as possible. And then squeeze my butt at top. And that's my training from six weeks out. This is training vlog 39. So let me know what you guys want to see on next week's vlog. Could be golf. Could be I'd recently sold both of my vehicles and picked up something new. So if you want to turn this into a car show, we can do that too. Let me know in the comments below. Let me know what you want to talk about training wise next week. And we'll have all the training footage and do this thing again. Thanks for tuning in. Here on the barbell medicine YouTube channel. Again, I'm Dr. Jordan Faganbaum. See you guys next time.