Hey everyone, welcome back to the Barbell Medicine YouTube channel where we bring modern medicine to strength conditioning and strength conditioning to modern medicine. I'm your host, Dr. Jordan Fagan-Mom and this is training blog number 33. I'm getting ready for this powerlifting meet that's a little over a week away. We've got some questions that you guys have submitted and a bunch of form checks on both my own lifts and then some lifts that you have submitted as well. So let's not waste any time. Let's get right into the questions. First question is from Perry Tate and it is on static stretching. So I decided to call up Dr. Michael Ray, get his input on this because he wrote a great article over on a website called Mobility Explained. So let's see what Dr. Ray has to say. Art's with got Dr. Michael Ray on the line right now. So we've got a question here on the Barbell Medicine blog from Perry Tate. The question is what demographic would benefit from static stretching when and how should they stretch? And no stretching doesn't prevent or treat pain and injury and I know it's not the most specific way to get better at the squat or deadlift since most form difficulties are a result of improper coaching rather than poor mobility. My come back to that one. But I'm still curious to know when it might be useful. So Dr. Michael Ray, what do you think about static stretching? Yeah, this is an interesting discussion. It's typically defined as I must hold taking an end range while LinkedIn and then held there for some period of time as static stretching and I wrote a really lengthy piece called Mobility Explained last year that really dives down the rabbit hole with this topic. I can't say that I recommended to any population currently, whether we're talking clinically or for talking for just general training for athletes. And that's not just Barbell or is this in focus athlete, that's also sports specific like team base sports soccer rugby. So it doesn't seem to have any meaningful long-term effect for the populations that engage it and based on the research that we currently have on it. So it's difficult. I don't think I would recommend it for anyone at this time. I mean, that's certainly a change in the future. But the way I look at this is it's kind of return on investment. So the cost of investment would be lifetime effort and potentially money if I'm playing someone else just statically stretch me. And then what's the return on that and right now the return just doesn't seem meaningful enough to put time into it. It doesn't improve performance and in fact, if we're specifically just talking about static stretching, we have evidence that it decreases performance for strength and power focused athletes and will speed agility athletes. And so I wouldn't do it because we're going to have a negative out of that for those athletes. Specifically, it doesn't reduce the risk for injury. Yeah, interestingly, some data actually shows that it increases the risk for injury. Yeah. And so those are the kind of the two big ones and the third one people are like, oh, well, jobs and it turns out we actually have a copper review on that and it's no positive benefit for delayed onset muscle soreness in a meaningful way. So and then that's kind of what mobility explained that block goes through. It's like it just knocks down all the common narratives based on what we're seeing in the evidence. So I can't think of a reason to recommend it at this time. Usually where this goes back to is people asking all the time, well, what about yoga and my kind of thought processes if it gets you doing something something is better than nothing. So much rather, see you be active through doing yoga and some of maybe the positive kind of cognitive and mental size of that engaging in that process. And I would be much more inclined to be like, well, if that gets you doing something, then I'm okay with that. And oftentimes, yoga is not just statically held positions at in-range. But people think what's statically a lot of times it's ice and metric as well, holding a position like warrior two or something, you know. So I'm much more okay with that, camp then versus like, oh, you have low back pain because you have a quote unquote tight hamstrings and we just see to stretch them or tight so as that's a really, really bad narrative that can instill some not super ineviors long term. Question number two is actually on to particular cancer. And so we're going to cover some of the nuances of that particular condition and then expand it towards training, considerations for cancer patients in general. So let's start off with the question is from Steven. He says I was recently diagnosed with testicular cancer at 24 years old and went through an orchieth academy of one of my testicles this past week. I was wondering what the long term effects of this may cause for my strength pursuit with only one testicle going forward. Is this going to limit my ability to gain and maintain muscle slash strength at all? Should I look into T RT treatments? Any feedback would be much appreciated. This is a great place to actually say that none of this constitutes medical advice. This is all for infotainment purposes. You should definitely follow up with your doctor with respect to management, treatment, an evaluation of any medical condition. So this is more of a discussion in general sense. So again, I'm not your doctor. This is not constitute medical advice. Please follow up your own provider. So with that in mind, let's talk about this in a more general sense. So when orchieth academy is a surgical procedure to actually remove one or both testicles one is called a unilateral orchieth academy and then if both are moved that say bilateral orchieth to me. Similarly, this is the initial treatment for most testicular cancers and then also tends to be diagnostic in that you get to send the tissue off for pathology and then further evaluate the patient for staging. And any event the survival rates pretty good, five years of average, greater than 95% were pretty good at treating this sort of stuff. So after the orchidectomy, we have some good news and some bad news. The good news is most of these cancers are curable. In fact, the five years survival rates greater than 95%. The bad news is that your risk of having low testosterone is significantly increased with a unilateral orchieth academy where we remove one testicle. And the risk of low testosterone is even higher for those undergoing bilateral orchieth and we're both testicles removed because you're removing the specialized tissue that produces testosterone, the light excels in the testies. Dr. Gilligan of the American Society of Clinical Anthropology says we can cure about 19 out of 20 cases of testicular cancer, but a significant number of testicular cancers survivors have low testosterone and economic other aspects of health. So we look at a study on 1200 men who all had testicular cancer, how do unilateral orchieth academy? And you compare them to 200 matched controls, age matched controls. And you look at the sort of risk of male hypogonetism. It was increased by almost fourfold in those who had the unilateral orchieth academy and the risk was increased with the intensity of treatment. So increase amounts of chemotherapy, radiation, or additional surgical procedures all can't confer increased risk. So the question then becomes, what do you do with this information? And this is really similar to the recommendation we give towards the general population. If you have physical signs of male hypogonetism, it should be assessed properly via appropriate testing and additional medical history gathering. So these symptoms would include decreased vigor and libido, depressed mood, decreased muscle mass, and body hair actually less common takes much longer time for those things to manifest. And there are additional signs and symptoms that your doctor will work you up for. These are all non-specific symptoms, meaning that they don't always correlate to a low testosterone. And so what you would do if you have these symptoms is just talked to your doctor about them and you would be evaluated appropriately. Now if you have a patient who's recently undergone a unilateral orchieth academy, then you might be a little bit more vigilant about, hey, I need to monitor this a little bit more closely compared to somebody you hadn't had that procedure. For more information on male hypogonetism, I've actually linked an article from Dr. Baraki in the description below so you guys can check that out. So shifting away from specifically testicular cancer to the more general question of cancer and exercise, what do? There's an interesting trend for people with cancer actually decreasing their physical activity. So 75% of individuals report decreasing their physical activity levels after the diagnosis whereas only 4% report increasing their physical activity after the diagnosis. So the main predictors of people decreasing their physical activity after a cancer diagnosis are undergoing chemotherapy, being diagnosed with metastatic disease or having undergo surgery. And similar to other diseases, it's very important for those with cancer to actually maintain or increase their physical activity levels to meet the sort of minimum requirements. We'll look at mortality and cancer and physical signs that predict a poor outcome, weight loss history, loss of muscle mass, loss of muscle size. So looking at a study on about 1500 individuals, either GI or lung cancer, if individuals had all three of these poor, prognostic variables, they survive for about 8.4 months, regardless of their BMI so that means it doesn't matter if they were obese, if they were overweight, normal weight or underweight and if they had none of those features, their average survival was about 28 and a half months. And I think a lot of that comes back to having increased anaabolic resistance. So when you think about anaabolic resistance, that just means a sub normal response to anaabolic stimuli, dietary protein for example, training for example or the hormonal milieu. So testosterone and other anaabolic hormones. So when you think about individuals with cancer who are undergoing treatment, they have a lot of things that are actually promoting anaabolic resistance like chemotherapy, which causes inflammation, mitochondrial dysfunction, fatigue, weight loss, radiation therapy, has systemic effects, again, making people tired, weight loss, et cetera. And they might also be on medications like that deprived them of angergen, so reducing hormonal concentrations in the case of this bilateral or kiectomy for example or other conditions. Whether it might be taking glucocorticoids, which also promote anaabolic resistance. On the other side of this, we have tools that we can promote anaabolic sensitivity. So the first sort of arrow in our quiver would be resistance training. There's a dose response relationship between the amount of training that you can get somebody to do and their improvement in strength, in lean body mass, in skeletal muscle index, all of these things. One of the problems with recommending exercise in cancer patients who do tend to be older is that it's underdosed. And when we look at this choosing wisely initiative, which is from the American Board of Internal Medicine, and in this particular case, supported by the American Physical Therapy Association, they specifically say, do not underdose strength training programs for older adults. And instead match the frequency intensity and duration of the exercise to an individual's abilities and goals. What we'd like to do, again, is to increase the amount of resistance training, increase the amount of total physical activity that these people are doing to start combating some of that anaabolic resistance. The second strategy we have, or the second arrow in our quiver, is to engage in a dietary change that would overcome some of those anaabolic resistance. So right now, the RDA for protein intake in the United States is 0.8 grams of protein per kilogram body weight per day. However, this fails to account for anaabolic resistance and protein quality. And contrast to the RDA, the European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism actually published in different guidelines for healthy aging and adults, and also specifically makes mention of cancer patients. And so they're recommended protein intake is 1.2 to 2.0 grams per kilogram body weight per day, which is almost double that of the RDA. The idea is that the amount of essential amino acids that are concentrated in a meal, and that includes the branch channel amino acids, specifically loose-scene. The idea is that you'd want enough of those per meal in order to overcome this anaabolic resistance so that you can maintain or even improve muscle mass and skeletal muscle index and skeletal muscle function and prevent some of that weight loss associated with cancer treatment. That's 1.2 to 2.0 grams per kilogram body weight per day, which breaks down to 0.4 to 0.66 grams of protein per kilogram body weight per meal. And so the benefits of engaging in this resistance training and increase in dietary protein obviously increase lean body mass, increase muscle strength, increase muscle function in cancer patients. You get a reduction in cancer related fatigue, improvement in their quality of life. You also get increased rates of chemotherapy completion, meaning that individuals who are undergoing the physical activity changes and the dietary changes are actually able to complete all of their chemotherapy course, which is obviously beneficial for other cancer outcomes. And then finally, there's a reduced risk of cancer-specific and all-cause mortality for individuals who are engaging in these physical activity guidelines. So what are the recommendations? The 2018 Physical activity guidelines for Americans suggested on 2 to 3 days per week, adult should perform resistance exercises of moderate or greater intensity for each of the major muscle groups. They also suggest that individuals obtain 150 to 300 minutes of moderate intensity aerobic training or 75 to 150 minutes of vigorous intensity aerobic training. And for a more thorough discussion on that, we would recommend that you read our free beginner prescription text. We talk about that extensively in there. This recommendation is also supported by the National Comprehensive Cancer Network. That'll be instead there are some special populations that we should make specific considerations for when we're talking about exercise programming. So for instance, there are treatment related complications such as lymphedema. It's basically swelling that occurs in an arm or leg or sometimes both arms, both legs, usually due to removal or damage to the lymph nodes as part of cancer treatment. That being said, we do have data suggesting that high intensity resistance training is safe in this population. That doesn't mean we should ignore that somebody has lymphedema, but rather we can encourage them to exercise and then manage the actual training based on the symptoms that they have during the exercise. There's also a concern for fracture in cancer is that either invade the bone from a primary tumor or from a metastatic cancer. However, early evidence suggests that resistance training is safe in metastatic prostate cancer. And there's established safety and efficacy of high intensity resistance training in other conditions where there's bone loss such as osteoporosis. That being said, we probably shouldn't ignore that somebody has this condition, but rather be cautious and monitor symptoms over time, adjust training as needed. And there are a whole host of other side effects that may be caused by cancer treatment, for instance peripheral neuropathy, which is basically an issue in the nerves carrying the signals from the brain or spinal cord to the muscles they can become damaged due to the medications. This is called chemo-induced peripheral neuropathy. That being said, there's actually evidence suggesting that exercise may reduce the peripheral neuropathy symptoms. And despite the sort of widespread relief that physical activity is not safe for those with peripheral neuropathy, there's substantial evidence, particularly from diabetic patients, suggesting that exercise is not only safe, meaning that they don't have an increased risk of injury, but actually is, again, beneficial to those with peripheral neuropathy. This is definitely not an exhaustive list of all potential side effects that people can have from cancer-related treatments. That being said, the underlying premise here is that there's a known benefit of meeting these physical activity guidelines or exceeding them in this population. And so, combined that with the known risk of being sedentary and it appears that the risks probably outweigh the benefits, although, again, each case is going to be different and we would recommend that you have this conversation with your physician. Overall, though, we should be encouraging increased physical activity and dietary changes in this population. All right, so we talked about stretching and we talked about cancer and exercise. Now let's go to some of these form checks and see what we can do. All right, so we'll start up here with Col G. This is 370 for 5. Camera angles weird because it's above your hip, so it's hard to tell depth. Yeah, it looks close. I wouldn't probably argue with you about that. It doesn't look like you're shifting your butt back out of the bottom yet rather than straight up, like you're scooting your butt back. Your feet are staying flat on the floor, so that's good. But I can see your knees are also caving in from here, and I think it's because your stance is so wide. It's hard to keep your knees out. So I would probably narrow your stance just a little bit, and instead of thinking hip drive, like hip-scope back, I think leg drive, hip-scope straight up. You could also think about keeping your knees forward out of the bottom. That was a little bit better. But, all right, this next video is from Andy. That's my whole choose. I sold my old Reebok legacies. This is 405 for 3. Let's see. Now, on your toes a little bit on that one, depth is good though. Yeah, it's still on your toes a little bit. I can see just because your heels are coming up just as a smidgen. Yeah, same on that one, even though you cut that out of the video. So I try to get off your toes when you're squatting. Unknown weight is Madeline, high bar squat. Your elbows are way high, just right off the bat. It doesn't make you bad person, but I would just bring your elbows down. Yeah, tuck your elbows down the side. Yeah, these are like well below parallel. You know, if you want to squat that deep, that's fine by me. But these aren't, they're not bad. I would just adjust your elbows. Yeah, so bastion 391 freedom units for set of five. Yeah, your heels are coming up off the ground at the bottom. I like those socks though, three stripes. Yeah, so it's what I would do is try to get off your toes. And your shoving your butt back as a response. So I would probably try to push your knees further forward and keep them there at the bottom. Yeah, see how you're shoving your butt back. And it's kind of you're getting that good morning-esque thing. I know that because I've done that a bunch. But yeah, I see daylight underneath your heels underneath your feet. Doesn't make you bad person, but this is Kristen. I think it's 195. I wish I could see all of your foot and the silhouette's kind of difficult to judge here. But it is what it is. Yeah, the depth looks right. I mean, it's right on there. I actually don't think it's bad. I just think that the silhouette is tough to tell. Yeah, you see how you're, again, shifting back out of the bottom. I would aim to try to keep your knees in place coming out of the bottom. Push your hips forward on the way up, rather than thinking about. Yeah, that would see. There you go. It hits go forward. That was a little better in the last row. Okay, pause squats. It's 345. I said a four. There's a good angle. Good diagnostic coaching angle here. Yeah, the pause is pretty good. It's just right at parallel, which I'm not concerned about. I think you're okay. I look at your feet. Yeah, the pause is good. It's just right at parallel. A feet are good. Back angles good. I can't see your elbows from here, but that one was deeper. Yeah. And it's like you're sinking a little bit. Just a, you're just sinking a little bit at the bottom, like while it's moving. Yeah, so those are fine. Those are fine for set of four. I call that RP7 or eight. This is Mani 155, I think, this is what this is for five. Yeah, I wish I would go to see you pull your shoulder blades back before each rep. Because it looks like your pro-tracted. And I would just try to have you pull your shoulder blades back, push your chest up into the bar. Yeah, let's see the only thing I'm seeing right now. We don't have much leg drive here, and it's not bad. It's not bad. You hit the rack, I think, on the way up to there. So it's hard to kind of do this with the self-handoff and everything. But I would have you scoot down away from the pins a little bit, where you can still unwrap if you're not going to hit the pins. Yeah, it will bridge there. And then pull your shoulder blades back and take a big breath for each rep. Not bad, set though. It's 375 for 3. Sumo. We're doing the devil's work. Fap A, I see your knees cave in in a little bit off the floor, and if you can keep them out, I mean, it's just minor. It's just real light. So not a bad set. 355 before, this is Jason. It looks like 335 from here. Unless there's a 10 somewhere else or a 55 pound plate. Yeah, so let's just watch the logo on the plate. See if he moves him at all. Yeah, it's not bad. But look, you're just taking too long between reps. Go, hurt 3, 2, 1, pull. You think about it. You're going to make it heavier. Yeah, also don't change your gaze position. Pick a spot, look at it. Yeah, none of these are bad. That's not even, I mean, Rp7, 8. Nice job. 331 for set of 5. Yeah, so lock, I want you to stand up the top of every pull. Yeah, you're just like a little short. Stand up, lock it, wait for the applause. And then I would try to get you to set your lower back just a little flatter. It's just, yeah, it's almost like your hips are like a half inch low. It's hard for you to get that last bit of extension. So it raises your hips up a half inch. Really squeeze your low back into extension. And then yeah, that lap, just lock them out all like that last one. Sick belt, man. Okay, this is, uh, yeah, three weeks ago, two weeks ago. It's 5.73. Fine. It's all I can say. This is 601. This is the last week, I believe. Yeah, so I ready this in eight. Move pretty well. Now we get to watch it in slow mode. Yes, you can watch the feet. So the heels, you don't see the heels come up. You don't see the toes come up anything like that. That depth is good. Good eyebrow drive. Oh yeah. There's 190. Yeah, you get to see some bench presses that are overshot. I don't know. I'll show you guys my whole bench set up and some of these videos. But yeah, bench hasn't been feeling the greatest, but I think it's coming around. They were turning corners. Just 1490 kilos. Yeah, pause a little short and then I punched it a little forward. That's why it kind of slowed down on the way up. But still went, this is 190 a week later, 192.5, 425 pounds. Claire is not impressed. But you know, what are you going to do? Not bench press. You can see my whole setup. All right, so just watch to see how the borroth is here. Yeah, the pause was short and I actually think that's hurting me. So yeah, pause was short. Luckily, this week I had some good benching in, so we'll say that for the next vlog. All right, so this is 180 kilos. Two count pause bench, overexposed. Yeah, she got some more of this bench setup. We'll talk about it in detail. Yeah, so the idea is that you want to push the bar back off the chest. You can see it on that video pretty well. And now this is 358 for a triple. Yeah, and just watch the bar, you want the bar to go back off the chest first. So it's not up and back like in a diagonal. Like you're only scooping it back that initial, that initial movement. Yeah, and this is the next week. So this is last week I believe. 413, 2 count pause bench, paused. Yep, I might have been better in my comp bench. 170 kilos, 374, more two count pause bench. It must be the pink. It must be the pink, you know? Yeah. So again, just right off the chest, shoving it back, this is pretty good. I'm happy with those pauses. Happy with those pauses. All things considered. Okay, so we're just going to watch this. This is a 363 plus 100, some change in chains. Now they all come off the floor. So who knows what this is? Probably like 43440 something like that at the top. So watch in slow mode. And now watch this in slow mode, go through this step. So take a grip. Mine's about pinkies on the ring. Maybe a little narrower than that. Step two is going to be to take your arch now. I do this by levering myself against the bar. Now this is mostly in your lumbar spine. People say it's the thoracic thing. No, it's not. Pin your shoulder blades back to the bench. That's active shoulder retraction. Get the lift off. Big breath. And now you're going to initiate the descent. The descent. And then to drive the bar off the chest, you're going to drive your heels forward. Push the bar up and back towards the rack. Rack. Step 10 is not in here. Profit. So that's my little bench set. If you can watch that again, if you like. Close grip bench, pause. Yeah, that was good. You see the bar go back on that one. This is the week after. Looking thick with three seas bro. This is 185 kilos 407. Yeah, it's been hot. It's been hot, man. I feel like there's just too much hair. Yeah, what are you going to do? Yeah, and you see that scoop back. That was actually a little late, but I'm happy with that. Considering the weight and yeah, close grip bench is going well. Our dead lift time. I like that I set up these videos like a power lift to meet. This is 700. This was two weeks ago. I think yep, something like that. So 317.5 700 pounds. People ask me why do this like these hip things? I think it's just to get mentally prepared to pull this weight. But yeah, it's moved pretty well. Kept it on my legs. I looked at the Ivanka on, didn't kick it forward. Okay, what is this? 325, 716. I think there's a week ago. I'll think I'll think. Rock. No, I'm gonna kick it forward. I feel it. There it is, yeah. And all that flex in the bar is off my left leg. And I could have looked it out better. That's this is 66. Yep. That's second one's a little forward. And tell you, just because it's a little slow off floor, but that plates aren't moving so I'm not kicking anymore. Third one. Hey, good luck out. Look at you, you're capable of it. On 60 off of deficit, I actually did this after I did my pin squats and I have a bench press, so kind of a weird schedule that week, but that's good. More deficit pulls is 550. So you're gonna just look at the Ivanka logo and just see if it kick it forward. Yeah, you're pretty good. That's light. So now this is 600. I might write knees, came in a little bit. I don't know if my stance is too wide, or if I'm just standing awkwardly. Is the platform or something? And it's all right, still move quickly. All right, what is this? 290. Again, looking at the logos on the plates. And a little bit, that was a little touch forward. Yeah. That was better. I guess this actually is heavy, huh? Yeah, third one was best one. Nice, cool. And then now, what was this? 672? I probably overshot that. Not bad though, not bad. So what I ended up doing on this particular day, I didn't want to overshoot my single, the day before I had Penn Squad at 585 for one, and that was, I overshot. And so I didn't want to do that again. So I just did my tripals all the way up 37, 380, 380, 380, 9, and then pulled my single afterwards. And so that's how that worked out. The single at eight, probably was probably higher than that, probably a single at nine, but given the fatigue building up, I was okay with it and accomplished the goals for the day. In any event, it's first training vlog in a while. We got another one drop in next week, then the meat training vlog, and then a bunch of other new content coming up. So hit subscribe, you can stay up to date with all the latest content. Drop us a comment below. I'm going to read the top comments on the next video. So again, another training vlog, drop it next week, then the meat vlog, much of all the new content. It's going to be great. Hope to see you there. Thank you so much for watching. See you next time.