Hey everyone, welcome back to the Barbell Medicine YouTube channel, we bring modern medicine to strengthen conditioning and strengthen conditioning to modern medicine. I'm your host, Dr. Jordan Fagrimam, and this is a meat recap. I just had a powerlifting meat mate 12, and I figured that it would be cool to take you guys through my meat day. Prior to this, my last meat was like four years ago, 2015, raw nationals, and the reason I hadn't done a meat for so long, the medical residency, and then I was doing a bunch of strong, strength lifting meats with the overhead press instead of the bench press, and so I actually didn't mean for it to go that long, but that's what happened. And so I knew I'd been wanting to do a meat, an actual powerlifting meat, but I kept putting it off, I kept putting it off, and I said, I was thinking, well, maybe I'll do it at the end of summer, maybe I'll do it in the fall, but then I started looking at my schedule, and I was like, oh dang, I actually don't have a good schedule coming up as far as having uninterrupted training, it's of high priority. So for instance, I'm moving this summer, I was going to Europe for almost a month, an August to present a conference, and then the Barrow Medicine Seminar and Berlin, plus our older domestic Seminar, so I kind of just wanted to get a meat under my belt, while training was going pretty well. So I found this meat down about two and a half hours south from where I live right now, and San Luis Obispo, and decided to sign up for it for weeks prior to the meat. So not necessarily a ton of prep for this meat, but training was going well, and I kind of had an inkling that I was either going to test or go to a meat relatively soon, so no excuses there. So anyway, I wanted to take you guys through my meat day and give you guys a glimpse into what it was like. So first, let's talk about my weight. Normally I sit between two, three, two, five, that's like my standard walking around, weight, and for the USAPL and IPF, that's nicely to the 93 kilo class, but this is actually my first USPA meat, and again, just on short notice, I was just looking for a federation that had a meat nearby. So I realized they have a 198 class, and I was like, that won't be a big deal. So about a week out, I just reduced my calories a little bit, and I got down to, I guess it was 202, 201 and a half, rather, the Friday before the weigh, and so they do a 24 hour weigh. So anyway, I went to the sauna. Normally, I could get a two or five here, say, gill, this is the USK meat, 288, so if you have pounds over, you would take care of that right now, and it's on. Alright, we made it, I feel like a wet rat, but got away in Maro, and then he don't send it. And then the morning of the weigh-in, which was Saturday, May 11th, I was at 1.98.5, when I left the house, and it's again, it's like a 2 1 1 1 1 1 out drive, so I figured it wasn't going to be a big deal. Many of that. It's a little less comfortable that I'd like to eat, but I'll feed that until I can sit in the sauna, and I feel like to a little water, water can kind of make a check. It's just a wonderful battle, it's like that. It's an description of, for you guys, but many of it, the main problem is, I have a coffee and this is a big, so, I'm just trying to, I'm going to let it go. But, things we do for games. It was interesting when I got there for the weigh-in, we had morning weigh-ins, and so I stripped out, I get on the scale with the official right there. I stepped on the scale, says 90.2, and I was like, okay, this is not what I planned on, and then I stepped off the scale, and I stepped on the scale again, and it flashed to 90.2, and then down to 89.5 and stayed there. So, I don't know, you know, the scales, the digital scales are usually pretty accurate, and I have a competition scale here, the tenita comp scale that I spent way too much money on, but I just got sick of playing this weigh-teen game. That's a dad joke, you shouldn't laugh at that. But anyway, I was pretty confident that my weight was dead on, and so. So anyway, after I weighed in, I just went about my day, found a cough-is, ate normally, and the real thing was just getting more fluids back in me. So I didn't take a bunch of video of me just chowing down on food, but I really didn't do too much, because again, I didn't have to cut that much weight. So, that rest of the day was pretty low-key, normal Saturday for me, Sunday, and it went up pretty good breakfast in the hotel. Right to the just here in the morning of the meat, we'll go get some breakfast and just realized that it didn't make us meat-carb. I usually bought all my tenita and form up everything. So, I'm gonna do that. It's just fine. I'm out. I'm doing a beautiful day here in San Francisco, Tompsey, and then we're together. Then, yeah, just ready to go today. Then, went to the meat venue. Now, there were three flights. I was actually the first flight I expected to be the last flight, because I had a feeling that I was gonna be opening heavier than anybody else, but because I was a 198, the 180 weight class, I was lumped in the first flight with the 181s, and then the heavier competitors when the second and third flight. Now, if they had been going just by weight on the bar, I would have been in the last flight, but, you know, you don't get to pick these sort of things, and so is in the first flight. I would prefer to have been in the later flights just because, you know, I don't like lifting first thing in the morning, but it was all good. So, let's see on squats I opened at 250 kilos, which is 5, 51, and warmups felt okay. You know, no big deal there, and then I took my first attempt to 50. And I was going to show us, look at this, 551 pounds of defying weight of 1.97 super and impressive. Mixing weight is for joy. But, proud Jordan. Thank you, my dear. The 250 kilos felt good for the first attempt, and then I think my next attempt was what to 62, 5, which is 57, or something like that. Jordan. And that actually moved really well. I wasn't necessarily surprised with how well that it moved. I expected it to feel heavier, and I know you're thinking, wow, your face looks like you were straining pretty hard on that, but the speed was pretty good, and no big deal there. So I'd actually consider jumping to 275, or something like that, but then I decided to be conservative, go to 272.5, which is 600, which would have been an all-time meat PR for squats in knee sleeves. I've done 640, and it made before with knee wraps, but this would have been a PR in knee sleeves. And honestly, I was pretty confident that I was going to get it just based on my second attempt, then obviously that didn't work out so well. So I was already kind of bummed, because I did the meat because I wanted to PR on my lips. It's not just to go to the meat and try to win. That wasn't really that important to me. I just wanted to PR. So I was pretty bummed on that, and I'll be honest for like the next 10, 15 minutes. I was just bummed out about it. It's like the whole meat was ruined, but that wasn't true. And I had my pity party pouted a little bit, and yeah, I don't have any sort of inkling as to why I didn't make my third, it just wasn't there that day. So anyway, got ready for bench press, and I was really confident my bench training going into this meat. So I actually bumped on my open right planned. At opening at 185, it was just 407, but I wanted to make a bigger jump from my first to my second, at least that's what I was thinking based on how well my bench training has been going. So I opened at 411, 187 and half kilos. And I felt way worse than I wanted it to feel. Just way worse. And you know the interesting thing, I wasn't aware of this, I should have read the rulebook more thoroughly. The USPA meets you to supply your own liftoff person. And yeah, I would have preferred maybe more of a liftoff. I also noticed that on my first attempt in particular, I was way under the support, so I was way too close. So I needed to actually move out, although then it's harder to lift the weight out to the liftor. I don't know. It was finally a great hand-off. So I just, I would have liked to know, I would have liked to be prepared for that. So anyway, 187-5 moved not as good as I wanted it to, so I jumped to 195. And that felt actually better than my first attempt, because I think I pushed the bar back a little bit better. And then on my third attempt, I just jumped to 195, 2.5 kilo in cramming it just because 195 didn't feel great. I didn't go. I tried to move out even further on the bench press further away from the hooks, so I could actually push the bar back. It wasn't there that day. I don't know, even if I had Ray Williams giving me a liftoff, I'm not sure that I would have gotten that. It wasn't there, which was really surprising, because again, in training, I'd pin benched 200 kilos, I'd benched 190 to 195 a bunch of times in the two or three weeks leading up to the meat. So I was really confident in my bench press. I had, compared to my squat or my deadlift, which also were going well, so that was another bummer. So between missing my third squat and my third bench I was kind of, it was hard to get rally for the deadlift. But got had some food, and then got ready for the deadlifts, and I figured, if anything is going to go right for this meat, it's going to be the deadlifts. So the warm up room, they had a Texas deadlift bar, which is, you know, it's a whip If you're bar then some of the other deadlift bars that are out there like the rogue deadlift bar which is not quite as wippy and also has wider hand spacing and not quite as wippy is the and in the Oki bar which is less wippy compared to the Texas bar. And any event, a well-used Texas bar is just fun to use if you're used to it because the bar just you know it's you pull on the bar and it gets to below your knees before the weight to leave the floor. So that's kind of fun although if you're not well-practiced on it sometimes you're list don't go up in any event. So in the warm-up room my last warm-up I think was 5.85 it that thing flew it was fine and then my opener was 6.60 but it's funny when I got out onto the platform and I went about my normal deadlift setups I thought they were using a stiff bar which is fine because I actually prefer using a stiff bar just if I especially if I'm trying to on a deadlift bar but it was a deadlift bar just it felt much much different and I'm not sure if it's because it was new or different brand or whatever you know it's just kind of a weird deal. 6.60 flew no big deal so I jumped to 700 that flew as well that was probably the fastest I've ever pulled 700. Come on Jordan and I honestly don't know what happened on the third pole I went to three I guess it was three thirty let's THIS And honestly, it's like I didn't even give it a good try. I don't know if I was tired or just kind of bummed out. But after my second pull at 700, I kind of felt like, oh, I'm gonna all pull this PR no big deal. It just wasn't there. So hard to say, like, I didn't hurt myself. You know, I felt fine. It just wasn't as strong as I wanted it to. So overall, the meat is not what I wanted, but it's what I had that day. I mean, it wasn't a bad performance. It means squatting five, seventy eight and benching four, twenty five and lifting seven hundred and one ninety seven and a one ninety eight weight class. You know, it's pretty good. It just, they, none of those were PRs for me, and I really wanted to do that. And when they're gold, that'll 7,725 kilos, but it's been four day and five. I'm called. On the other hand, I haven't really done a powerlifting meet, you know, in a long time. So this is a pretty good return to the sport. I can't even get a strong power with the open division. But they swallow it so four hundred and ninety four point five five five eight. So see Jordan, I'm called. And I'll probably do a meet in October. That's the plan right now. Just kind of looking at my schedule. And there's, I know there's a couple of meats in the area where I'll be living. So we'll see how I do. But first, I got a strong man meat. This idea that I was going to try to do these competitions before I ended up moving and Allen, and I'm going to throw all one of our barbell medicine coaches you guys know is the train on the team guy. This got a powerlift or a strong man meat up at his gym. And so I ended up signing up for that. So I've been doing a bunch of strong man stuff. And honestly, it's beating the crap out of me. I've got these crazy marks on my arm that I don't, yeah, I don't know if I can show those to you guys. And then on my back from the yoke and then my hands are all beat up from the farmers walk, which is fine. It's like strong man is is a whole new deal. So we'll see. I'm excited to go out there and do that. And if you're in the area in Sacramento. June second, I think is what it is. You know, comes, come see me flounder in the, just strong man competition. It'll be fun though. I'm excited to do it. And I was excited to do this powerlift in me, USPA put on a great meat and had strong gym balance sandwich with this boat. Like a great place to train to really appreciate them having me out there. And it was, it was a great, it was fun. You know, again, I left the meat, you know, feeling like I wanted to come back and compete and do better next time. So we'll see maybe October, maybe sometime other times this fall. And anyway, thanks for tuning in to the barbell medicine YouTube channel. Thanks for watching my meat recap. If you guys like the video, drop a like and a comment below share it with your friends if they want to see me lift. And we'll catch you guys next time. Thanks for watching. Bye.