This is really happening here. It's our feet, ready? I've been doing the gym. Alright, just. RPE what it means it was made by the sweet it was made to perceive and to see the appropriate stress that would mean. Thanks into account, very opposed like the tea, nutrition and sleep, so many conditions that play a position telling you what the weights should be, weight and sleep. The benefits of using RPE. It's a scale that reads, 1 to 10, and 10 being a weight you couldn't lift again. Horses. Everyone welcome back to the Barable Medicine YouTube channel. We bring modern medicine to strength conditioning. It's strength conditioning to modern medicine. Dr. Austin Bromke, I am Dr. Jordan Fagamon. This is training blog number 31. We've got some questions that you guys have submitted. We have some form checks that you guys have submitted. We'll review together and then some of my own training because Austin doesn't send me videos anymore. Which makes me sad. So without further ado, let's get into the questions. Make sure to stay tuned to the end of the video to find out how you can submit your own questions. Your own form checks to be reviewed right here on the Barable Medicine YouTube channel. So Austin, this first question from Kyle Fairbain. He asks, Just wanted to start off by saying your content is great and I see that things are picking up for you all. Which is great. Indeed. I had a question in regards to dealing with what I suspect is my particular tendon. I was making pretty good strength gains with my squat and then I started to feel a dull ache that I would squat through the pain. After a couple weeks at the Barable squat, the pain has increased. It is really tender to the point of where I have you load, makes my knee feel like it's going to explode. I've tried rehabbing myself but no results, any tips for recovery or what to do or what to avoid would be great. Thank you for your time. Yeah. So we deal with knee issues pretty frequently, particularly knee issues that are suspicious for tendon opportunities. And so a classic, you're giving it a pretty classic history for something like this. Typically, you can involve a quadriceps tendon opportunity which tends to be a little bit more localized to both the knee cap or a patella tendonopathy that tends to be localized a little bit below the knee cap for most people. And they tend to experience their discomfort associated with the squat, oftentimes in the bottom portion or during the balance or during the ascent when there's a little bit more tension applied to that structure. And so the question is why do these things kind of get sensitized in the first place? And the pathogenesis or the pathophysiology of how tendonopathy is happening is pretty complex. And that's really within the scope of the question, but it's thought that when you kind of chronically overload the tissue, usually in a cyclical fashion above the level that it's adapted to handle for, you know, a certain period of time that things can get a little bit, can get sensitized there. Some histologic changes that can happen, some neurological changes that can happen. There's a bunch of changes that occur in the process of precipitating a tendonopathy. So the question is what do we do about it? And we view these overwhelmingly as load-based issues. And so the treatment approach to it is also going to have to be, it's going to have to target that same issue. So it's going to be a load-based way to approach the management of it. So we just put that up for us that we approach this by managing training loads of justing programming, sometimes exercise selection, things like that overwhelmingly over or will be considered more passive approaches to treating tendonopathy that you might see so things like needle-ing or whatever other types of instruments you use for your tendon. That overwhelmingly don't tend to work compared to sham interventions or placebo interventions. And even surgery, I would be writing up a review of a re-syn article that was published on the role of surgery in tendonopathy and it doesn't really appear to have a great role in it. So what I would do for you is it sounds like at some point along the line that you're training or in your programming, there was some period of overload to that those tissues that were beyond what they were adapted to handle for whatever reason. And the more you continue to try to push through that if it's not improving, you're just prolonging this process. And this is something I've had to learn in the hard way in the past where usually we expect that a lot of aches and pains that come about the course of training tend to get better on their own and in fact they often do. But sometimes they don't and particularly when they start to smell like a tendonopathy is going on, then frequently you really end up requiring a change in how you're managing your programming. And so what I would probably do initially is dial you far back on your intensity. Potentially even on your dose of training volume that you're doing, maybe maybe not depending on how much you're doing right now. And sometimes we also adjust frequency and typically the intervention that we'll do is we'll actually do something either two to three times a week with a non consecutive days to give kind of a day off in between. There's some evidence pertaining to you know how tendons regenerate and adapt to reorganize in this process that where that can be beneficial. And really we need to we don't need to train in a point where there is no discomfort whatsoever. But the threshold or the kind of the decision process that we take here is if your symptoms are tolerable during the training session and they're not markedly exacerbated afterwards or for the 24 hours 36 48 hours afterwards. Then it's probably a reasonable stress dose. The question is how much do you increment it and this is where people frequently get this wrong. Is they want to get back to their prior level of function much more quickly than is realistic. So standard 10 and off the protocols tend to take a minimum of about 12 weeks or so for most kind of standard prescriptions or the studies on the matter. So you're going to have to set expectations early that this is the process you're going to have to commit to your increments are going to have to be small. You know rules of thumb that we use in practice is generally no more than 10% increments from session session oftentimes. I'll pull things even back further than that about you five percent increment from session session early on. But you're talking about loading load absolute load correct. Not like just reps. You're like well as not just resist 10. Yeah, give in that we pull the loads back quite a bit sometimes we'll both prescribe load loads but also physically like restrained people from overloading by introducing some tempo to the movement because you're in straight check it. That's also basically really good. So you know a lot of the protocols that you'll see already have guys use they might have some people start out with something like in the 10 12 upwards of even the 15 rep range using some tempo to get some initial kind of desensitization going on. And basically to get some people some what we call some wins some sessions where they feel like they're getting some work in they're doing okay the next day they're feeling okay and not getting more sensitizing or discomfort. And then those small increments and try to build momentum and chalk up one win at a time each session. And as the loads go up using those increments the reps will eventually come down you can pull the tempo back down closer to normal. Maybe you go from a 10 post walk to a pause walk if that's a tolerable variation for you at the time and kind of again just bridge your way back towards more. And you're way back towards normal function over time but think the biggest place is where people go wrong is trying to do it too quickly which is really involves the increments and loading that you're making. So if you're jumping you know 25 pounds of session you know or some very large increment where that's a substantial percentage from session session that's a great way to make this process last too long. Yeah because it's likely going to resist burp is not on mismatch and you're keep low versus. Chrono versus what what what the tendon is ready to handle at the right time. Yeah, the way I think about this whole thing I mean the questions about I have me pain you know what do yeah and he's suspected to be a tendonopathy. Or tendon related pain which might not be wrong especially given it's pin point ten and it's worse at the bottom of the squat and you use related related those things all tend to like yeah they tend to like drive you towards this tendonitis. Uh, tendonopathy related issue knee pain as far as what the actual diagnosis is you can use location to kind of like you said kind of guide you so if it's up to the. So the. Uh, Patel I either think quadriceps of its below you think you know, Patel or 10 interpellent statement depending on how staunch you and then if necessary was. And if it's around if there's you know it's sort of global thing maybe think Patel of federal pains in your own which have actually put a link to a science article about that's kind of an umbrella term just means. And you know, right exactly so that's the whole thing though that you do have me pain and you suspected to be due to a must feel skeletal cause right now you don't need a call at a tendonitis or tendonopathy and the notice is like you don't need to get because it's not. It's not going to change what you do. So I'm going to change your management. So the real thing here that is again managing load and breaking that sort of cycle of every time that you squat or do ex movement you have pain. But we do like in our me rehab template which I think fits all the criteria that we've talked about like if you need examples of how to sort of okay pull things back in an organized systematic way and then get back to your normal training like that's what that's there for. So I've linked that also in the description below but we begin with like isometric then we change the movements to like tempo variations pause variations usually at higher repringues to again we're breaking the cycle where getting people some wins some momentum where they don't have pain when they squat so that way is the load built in this small incremental way. Then they get back to the normal training. The only other things that I would talk about would be actually be prevention people people would say or ask how do I prevent getting this tendon related knee pain. It's like well thing one is not to have this acute on chronic mismatch in what you're able to tolerate so that just means advancing things if they're volume wise or training intensity wise we're both too quickly for what you're able to tolerate. So which is just standard principles of reasonably good programming until the program occurs yes exactly and then also not. If you are pretty under trained or under strong that is a risk factor for developing sort of pain like this so getting strong anyway that progressively overloads you over time is kind of the way to prevent this from happening. We do have this we think that it's reasonable to change multiple elements of programming to break the cycle get you on the right path and get you back sooner rather than if you kind of said oh I'm just going to work through it. Well the really common thing we see is people assume that anything that's pain related and training is due because they moved wrong. Yes we have a technique notice we haven't said like we didn't say it because you know we'll typically see people who say I want to fix my technique and keep using the same loads and we hear really enough they tend to not get better from their tendon off the one this happens. Usually hyper vigilante they have some personality traits associated with like actually perfectionism. Yeah focus in like light perfection and focus on their technique they focus on you know if I move this one weird movement is that's what's causing the pain and then. So you pay too much attention to your hyper vigilante and ultimately do worse like and. However, I will say that when people have pain sometimes just getting them to move in a different pattern correct can be a less sensitive way to move and that doesn't really imply that you were previously moving wrong. No it just doesn't. Yeah you're moving in a different way that's less sensitive to any may in fact not actually have a tendon off the if that's the case. Yeah so my stock recommendation if I had somebody come in like this this is you I think our knee rehab temple totally reasonable like just to like jump on you because you were telling you do multiple things if you want to clearly spell it out like. That temple if you're like not man not buying that I think. Doing some isometric works for like a week or two to get your kind of break that cycle get you back you know moving in a way. Uh uh they get you some bill you know gives you that foundation to make some small wins that's a good idea and then tempo work higher rep range and move the pattern that you can tolerate and then ultimately over the next 12 to 16 weeks working back towards your current training right now. I've linked some studies and our knee rehab temple it also in the description. The last thing I would say if you've done the knee rehab temple it were similar before I that failed to work for you then I think that's a that's grounds for like professional evaluation doctor like a ray and direct miles both those guys are been true and Charlie. I always leave them out. Well sorry Charlie well that's what you're here. Our all really keyed up on the stuff really good with the evidence and I think that if you've tried to do this on your own or you try to do this under like this sort of stock template sort of thing that didn't necessarily work as well as you wanted to I think those would be the guys to contact you can. Shoot them and email through our website or email address info for barbomboniston.com. All right next question this is from me kale. I assume that's how you say. McCookly yes. He says I'm very strong like no. Michael Allen in he says after strength development has adapted to the preliminary stress of weight training the main driver to strength development is said to be volume. I've equivalent that this is basically the explanation as I've understood it to be the thinking behind the singular eight and then taking off 20% and doing five so five we're similar. Your programs are based on the main lifts where competition lists are done once per week in the accessory lifts are there to add volume without too much intensity and I've equivalent with that as well. If volume is so important why is the why are the accessory lists done with higher relative intensities and lower volumes and the volume work for the competition list. In short why is volume for the accessory lifts often prescribed lower volume and for the competition lifts. So just a few just problems just off the off the bat so you state that after strength development has adapted to the preliminary stress of weight training the main driver of strength is said to be volume so I think at all stages of the game volume has a very. Direct role at driving outcomes as far as improvements and strength and meaning that you know you need to do some number of reps. So that's it. To have a certain supply higher low or any of it just just needs to be present correct yes same thing with intensity is not either or they're always both important and they have a relationship. Together that's you know usually when volume is higher intensity is lower and vice versa so that's. They're always present in a program at some level and they always are going to help determine the not only the type of adaptations that you get but also the magnitude of the adaptation so that's quibble. Number one when you talk about things in low volume and and and higher intensity whatever it's all relative right so I would not say that any of our lists are programmed at low intensity especially when you look at the literature low intensity typically like 30% to 50% of one or we don't program in there so all of our. All of all intensity ranges that we use are in that moderate to high intensity 60 plus yeah 100 get pretty much not to 100% but. Yeah, but I would say that 100% of our training recommendations are in the moderate to high intensity ranges. But do you have another quibble before we kind of get into this. No, I'm going to get into it. I was doing so I want to talk about first on to find like what strength actually is and then we can kind of talk about how intensity plays a role doesn't how volume plays a role and this is the kind of wrap this up together so first of all strength. The definition of strength is force production that's measured in a specific context so you can't just say it's force production period because it has it's always measured in specific context so for instance the one around the power of the display is not platform. Okay, specific context where force is being produced similar to a two hour 15 minute marathon that is. Placed that is how a context where forced production is being displayed their gymnast doing an iron cross or so it's just different context right and so it's all for structure and then in different ways all strength is measured in specific context you can't differentiate separate just the force production from how it's measured and strength is very specific and. Any different ways that will actually discuss I think probably speaking think about the two like main categories of elements or buckets when you describe like what actually drives strength. Development one is physical changes to the actual muscle the other would be neurological changes to the muscle. So physical changes in the muscle you think about muscle cross sectional area you think about penetration angle you think about you know how many you start a music like all sorts of enzymatic activity in the muscle like how many might a kind of real density. How much blood vessels or supply all things that happen physically right from a holdover of how I think about a lot of like medicine or physiology topics I kind of think about. Do we produce force from start to finish and so it starts in the brain as most things do you have this you know the various the movement centers the motivation kind of the decision to execute the movement and and. And then trace that all the way down through the brain through the spinal cord out the peripheral nerve so the skeletal muscle to the violent or genetics the actual act in mice and the latter force transmission through the tendons to the bone and so you know when you talk about force production. It's like the these questions reflect a lot of kind of reductionism and the way the question gets asked or the like it doesn't all come down the volume of this and all come down to the intensity or something. Yeah, it's it's not really the right way of thinking about this very complex system that has to adapt at every level sure right from the brain through the spinal cord through the peripheral nerve to the skeletal muscle to the tendon all the way out to the bone where the joints get moved. There are adaptations that happen at every point in that pathway. Yeah, and not only as you said to an extent are they specific to the task, but they respond differently to different stimuli exactly. Yeah, so that's kind of where and I think about this just if there's if we can lump group things physical personerological. You know that is one way to describe this thing with your right every yes there are a bunch of different players in the force production and they all respond in different ways to the same training and in the overall adaptation that that yield is specific to the task. So let's think about like how intensity what the role of training intensity is in strength development so intensity is going to be percentage of one RRM or basically describing how heavy the way is what's the load. I like to actually think about this just as a summary sort of standpoint from a summary sort of standpoint that intensity determines the type of adaptations that you're going to get. So all of us being equal the intensity will tell you like what type of force production is going to be improved so for instance when you work at very high intensities you're talking about low velocity. For production what what is under a bar below or you can talk high force production like a sprinter yes with that which you're context right but that but that's high velocity for fraction below the external low external short correct is less and that's just the force velocity continuum meaning that you. You are able to move at higher velocities at lower forces lower loads yeah and so. Intensities determine what velocity for instance you're going to get stronger at intensities also determining what sort of improvements you're going to make. With your ability to display force production so for instance if you want to get a better one RRM. You should be practicing singles and you should be working in rep ranges that are similar to a one RM for the majority of your work. On the other hand if you're never going to a powerless you don't necessarily care what you want to run as you just want to get stronger. Well that you what you're telling me is you want to improve force production in many different rep ranges you don't want to just get better singles you want to get better and shore singles and shore 5 and shore 10s and you know you might want to be able to repeat force production. For a series of tasks like a 20 reps that like you would want to be proficient all of those things and so intensity is going to determine the load. And ultimately determine where you get better at producing force so that's the type of adaptation that's how I think about it. Did you think about intensity in a different way or is that. I think that that's probably reasonably good there's that there's a large input from that standpoint on a lot of the neurologic adaptations that we see. We know that tendons actually preferentially also tend to respond to higher intensities compared to lower and then the only other caveat is that this is again assuming that we're talking about a dynamic. Task like just like a deadlift and those are where things like skill come into play and that's where if you want to get good at executing the skill under a high load you have to do it. However, we have data on lower load training for again isometric force production and you can get essentially equivalent strength outcomes with lower high load strength training when you remove the skill aspect current. You know sustained isometric contraction you know you have enough time to recruit everything you need and there's no skill involved and so you know it's kind of interesting then even using lower loads we can get similar adaptations out of that but again most people here don't care about their you know one RM hand hand. Yeah performance they care about their dynamic strength adaptations in a particular lift or in some particular context and that's where the load needs to match how you're going to test it if you want to you know have the neurological the skill out of patients like that but what you're probably getting to is that that plays a much smaller role in terms of altering a lot of the muscular architectural changes like muscular hypertrophy where we see this huge range of intensities where we can get equivalent. equivalent high-purtrophy outcomes at it and this is where there's been something a couple interesting papers published recently back and forth between. Cody Hawn and the Gatski and knuckles on kind of one side of the discussion and then Lenniky's group on the other side and. All of the like Lenniky's group is almost talking past them with a saying like well you can get stronger without getting bigger muscles so. hypertrophy doesn't really matter that much for strength and they're like well that's not refuting the idea of the getting bigger muscles is probably helpful for strength. Right particularly in this dynamic context or or an either context really but you know the skill and our logical part is kind of separate piece of the art. Just because you can do it doesn't mean that that's not one of the major drivers particularly the more trained you get. Yeah so we talk about like strength improvement again, the neurological aspect you're talking about getting better your volitional ability to produce force like which and that's any specific context is you have to practice that skill. All talk but additionally you have antagonistic muscle relaxation. Reaction is the first time you do a task a physical task like the first time you've ever swatted the antagonistic muscles are slowing you down and breaking you and wasting energy preventing you from like. Realize in your full force project potential but as you squat more more that goes away. Other neurological things include just motor patterning in general so that these all happen from a mirror to step with their specific again to task and intensity and that include and then from a physical standpoint sure. The muscle muscular hypertrophy muscle cross sexual areas of big one also the actual stiffness properties of the muscle the enzymatic activity of the muscles which are all going to be determined again the intensity ranges going to determine the rep range which is going to have an influence on all those things except for maybe muscle hypertrophy so muscle hypertrophy is kind of this. Like I would call it. It's it's on a island here because it doesn't really matter the intensity that you use as long as you're doing enough volume and your sets get hard enough at the end that you're getting this full on motor you can approve it and really what you see when you look at the data. When you look at volumes effect on strength and then you know we'll talk about muscle hypertrophy you see this dose response relationship. I mean when you look at the reviews you see a dose response relationship between volume and hypertrophy you see a dose response relationship between train exercise volume and health outcomes like blood pressure law or an effect. And blood glucose control you know and literally any health metric obesity improvements like what you know by that loss. I'm to clarify just a dose response relationship means that you increase the dose you increase the response it does not imply anything about the linearity of that response. Yes, we'll have of course diminishing returns, but it still increases doing pretty pretty high dose before we start to see things turn around and you see the same thing on strength training as well. It's that once you've corrected for the right intensity and for the movement selection for the task that you're testing you see another dose response relationship. So again the way I think about this overall is intensity determines the type of adaptations that you're likely getting. So all you can determine is the magnitude of adaptations that you're getting. So those response relationship and there are nuances at every level of this sort of force production is a confusing discussion. Yeah, but I'm saying those so but and and so stop trying to reduce it to one very well. Exactly and then just as like when we come back to this question like you know what are your things program like this and when you look at the total program. You see particularly our strength based programs you see a prioritization of the competition list because by saying that you're doing the way strength based program we have to pick our targets right there's no such thing as general strength strength is specific. The specific to contractual type, the specific to contractual velocity specific to the movement you know the range of motion the muscle length literally again every step away and so if you're saying I want to get stronger like when you get stronger what. So we pick arbitrary movements that we prioritize and so we give you more chances to practice that skill more exposure to that specific skill that's why their competition list as we designate the 10 to add more volume on our strength based programs are non strength based programs. Ten to not have that programization because we don't care as much just another tool and tool box to get you to do resistance training. And then as far as why are some of our accessory list on higher intensities than the competition list that's just because the inverse relationship between intensity and volume. So because the competition list are done with greater volumes when we program them that way we have to do them at lower intensities and so. And then on the flip side we know that there's still useful adaptations to be had by training higher intensities and then have lower volumes. So there's a spectrum of what we consider to be high intensity training that would improve your strength outcomes that in those tasks and we use them on our programs. Yeah, I don't see like our competition list being programmed 50% like yeah just do you know tens of 10 it's not having a program. No, we say do six sets of five at 86%. No, so that's the process. So somebody would argue then like look if I want my one arm to go up my three arm five or I'm to go up one and I just do one arms all the time one on just do three arms all the time one on just do five arm. There's very specific you guys just specifically 100 times was drinking game now drunk. Like that's what they would say and you say well the problem is yes the intensity that you are selecting for when you do that is generating that type of adaptation. But you can't do an a volume that way to get the magnitude of that. Yeah, exactly magnitude is going to be necessarily limited correct that those response relationship gets eliminated when you can only do a small dose one three arm does not you know help build or develop the strength long term. So you have to drop the intensity a little bit so that you can do a Napoleon down. I did a message yesterday or earlier today from like a 17 year old kid healthy who said that he was he was doing very high intensity work because he wanted to get his top in strength higher and he was getting so sore and beat up from it that he wanted to reduce his training frequency to twice a week. What which is taking things in the wrong direction the distance. Yeah, so he's hit that's kind of the scenario describing where he's hitting high intensity stuff all the time but because of how fatiguing it is it's limiting the dose that he can generate and so it's going to limit his ultimate adaptation. The type is right. Your fun to drugs and then you can do things like hey I'm going to work up to one top set on the squat per week and make games forever share it because these articles get shared around to us. Like it doesn't play. Yeah, right the flavor the flavor is right. Yeah, okay, you know, you know, yeah, all right. So we talked about for a while. Yeah. Very good question from Connor Willch. I'm currently doing my exercise science undergrad. I'm working on a public health program for a project. I'm trying to get seniors involved in strength training to combat, teacher, the groups of groups of groups of students made out of肬 studies, so this is increasing each other's conclusions. Whether it's for willing repaying or providing and defending incredible things. be lifting heavy barbells for their health. Do barbell exercises provide you need benefits that machines can't offer for seniors. I appreciate you taking a time to answer this and thank you for being a light in the fitness industry. Thanks, man. All right, so I just want to address some of the other dream address. Yeah, all right. So this is a very good question. And I definitely want to talk about all these different points. Particularly this is opportunity to discuss our opinion. He did like a full-on hour presentation on this that is on our YouTube channel. I will leave that link in also in the description below. This will be a condensed discussion on that. We can kind of wrap about it a little more free form. So you state that many tell the delet as a dangerous exercise for anyone who will do it in just 65. But present the view that the sort of advanced age, added advanced ages, low bearing intensity should be reduced in order to avoid injuries and chronic abuse is it's a death. Like everybody thinks this, right? That's what they say. But that's not supported by current evidence. We do not have data, say if you have seen that the deadlift or any one resistance training exercise is inherently dangerous. In fact, when you look at the data on resistance training in injury, risk, and you look at things like competitive weight lifting, competitive power lifting, crossfit, strongman, and even an individual recreational resistance training. You do not see this sort of really crazy high risk. You see that it's actually really low. And then you also have to balance that against the risk of not training, not training. Like legitimately, what are you going to do not train? And it's like the risk of being said and Terry far outweighs the potential risk of injury. The number one way that people get hurt in recreational resistance training is dropping a dumbbell or a weight on themselves. Like that's how it happens. Now sure, in other competitive, barbell sports, applications, that's not necessarily the case. But I'm not worried about grandma getting hurt lifting weights. I'm worried about her, hurting herself by not lifting weights. And then, so, you know, when somebody said all of deadlift dangerous for your back, it's like, well, where's the evidence? I think it's more dangerous to not train your deadlift and not be able to pick things up off the ground. Yeah, it's just kind of people translating quote unquote, compensants, literally, because that's, it is such a prevalent idea and just because things sound right. In fact, frequently, those very things are not to be wrong. So I would just dismiss that at the hand. Yeah, exactly. Just ask the citation when no citation is provided. And you say then, stop saying that. Yeah. And maybe I'll be able to have to. So, then you ask, do barbell exercise provide unique benefits that machines can't offer for seniors? So, I think the answer to that is yes, no and maybe. So, well, let me explain. So, if you're just hit back some new ones, the next new ones. So, if you're asking, do barbell exercises offer unique benefits compared to machine based resistance training from hypertrophy or strength outcomes. The answer is no. The answer is no. You can get equivalent outcomes. And if your goal is to like encourage participation on like a population level, like you should definitely have machine based options because that's going to be a net win. People aren't going to get stronger in a non-barbell exercise by doing barbell training compared to leg press. This study has actually been done. I've linked it in the description below. They tested, they tested people on a isometric leg dynamometer. Would they actually like just lift up against the force, play kind of thing? And they took one group, squatted, one group did leg press, and they both did the same. The improvement was the same. So, yeah, there's no like improvement in strength. Our approach for outcomes based based on machine versus barbell training. If you're assuming you measure it in a different way, like, correct. Because strength is the same. Correct. So, just to make sense. So, the way that barbell training is better than machine based training is if you are trying to get better at that barbell exercise. If that's important to you, if you want to go to IP of world as a master's three or four competitors, you should probably please squat pension template because you're going to be surprised. Then I'll let you use a selectorized leg press machine on your opening attempt. That would be a problem. As far as maybe, I think you could make an argument for the balance component of a ground based standing for you. That being said, there's studies on this as far as fall. And it's not universally in support of barbell training doing better than other exercise programs. So, I don't think I could say that confidently, especially because it's not just an absence of data there. It's like you have data that's not convincing. So, my answer again is, yes, no, maybe just depends on that. Okay, now, to the thick part of this question. Let's talk about Sarkopinia. Does this guy almost come up with a public health program? Sure. Anyone thinking about, do people need you barbell training to come up at Sarkopinia? So, let's talk about Sarkopinia. Let's define it and go through it a little bit. And then, yeah, so, really, it's just defined as a decreased level of scale to muscle mass. There are arbitrary diagnostic thresholds for this that have been established in the literature. But we rather just focus on, you know, low scale to muscle mass, low physical performance, low muscle strength, are kind of the primary ways that we look at this. It happens over time when chronic, well, chronicly when muscle protein break down tends to outpace muscle protein synthesis. And so, I use that framework when I teach about this topic to back to, to explain the stimuli that lead to both of those things. So, things like muscular tension from resistance training is animal-extimulus. We're not going to be tense in action. So, it's like, so, so, so, most of the attention like resistance training dietary protein and hormonal factors, you know, growth factors, either endogenous or exogenous, so, you know, use of animal oxteros can all be animal-extimuli versus primarily catabolic stimuli being the absence of those things or things like an acute or chronic illness, things like chronic hypoxia, being on certain medications that can induce muscle wasting like prednisone, glucocorticoids, and several others. It's just a mismatch though. It's a chronic mismatch between the two. So, when we're muscles being broken down versus that's being synthesized and what you started or said earlier about the physical performance, the consequence of that in its later stages tends to be that, not only do you just have the limoussa-ness but the consequence of that being reductions in physical performance and function. Do you have a sense like what comes first? I mean, we both read a lot of the same things. So, as far as you see the reduction in performance that might be like the first, you know, present, before actually, I think that you can probably lose a decent amount of muscle mass before you start to see substantial decreases of physical performance. However, I say that in the context of the general population that generally don't demand very high-end of the physical performance. That was my tip. For us, if we lost, you know, if we lost 10% of our muscle mass, we would probably observe another substantial change in our physical performance under the barbell when we're demanding, you know, one-heart performance as under our ourselves. For the general population that, you know, might just walk around their house if that, they can probably lose a substantial, large, or portion of their muscle mass before they start to notice like, hey, I'm having a hard time getting off the couch, which is why we use some of these screening tests in practice to look for it. So, like, the repeated up and sit-to-stands that I talked about in my lecture, people cross their arms and have them sit up, they're standing up and sit down, five times as quickly as they can. And if they, it takes them somewhere longer between about 13 to 15 seconds to do that, you got a pretty solid chance that this individual may have circumpine in front of. They may have other things because that's a non-specific test. So, an example, non-specific could be caused by other things. So, they could be super drunk or they could turn their neurological disease or something else, or post-tip. But, like, something else, like, an interview with it. But, in the absence of those things, if they look, if they look thin, they look weak and they take a long time to do that test, there's a good shot that they may have sort of pina. So, as far screening for sarcapina, it's recommended it's done at any time that there, like, any time that an older adult's hospitalized, like, you just should be screening and then by their primary care, they're recommended 65-year-older every time. They see the see-as-as, they're just worth talking about with everybody, right? Because Laura, we should already be talking about them with exercise, if they don't exercise, they're at higher risk. Yes, exactly. Yeah. But, as far as the idea of a screening test is that it picks up your diet, noticing you're not missing anybody with the screening tool. And so, yeah, you might get some false positives in there that you don't want to miss people. So, there's a bunch of different tools that I've linked in the description below if you're like a healthcare provider, you're like, what's the sarcaf tool? Like, I'll put that in there. Some other resources on there, but what Austin's referring to is that there are, that's that test is like, how often do you have problems, like, lifting stuff above your head? There's kind of obvious questions. Yeah, you get on a good decent history. And then, after someone is identified themselves, like, this person's at risk of sarcafini, right? The same thing that you had to do that first before you would then move on to, like, this short performance or physical battery test, where it's like, get up, go, five times, walking, feet test. Those are all diagnostic tests to get to front figure out, like, does this person, in fact, have reduced physical performance? Yeah. The ultimate diagnostic test would be to test a physical performance or physical and or physical strength. And then, technique, like, it takes it to measure how much muscle that's they have. And, again, in practice, I don't think that all this stuff needs to be done. Yeah. Because, again, this is a situation where the risk of inappropriately treating somebody means that you're counseling them to exercise and lift weights, which is different than inappropriately treating, you know, you know, a false positive cancer screen or something where you're going to put them on chemo. And appropriately, which is what it does. So the question was really about, like, you know, what sort of evidence do we have on resistance training in sarcafini? And I think you could look at that from two different ways. Like, one is a prevention of sarcafini. And the other one would be, like, actual management of sarcafini. That being said, um, would you look at both those dig prevention of sarcafini? That's really difficult to assess. Mainly because sarcafini usually is not in isolation. There's other, there's people have other disease processes that are either contributing to or complicating their sarcafini. So it's not like you also have to follow people for a really long time. Right. Yes. And then as far as we're first in sarcafini at that, again, that same issue or those two same issues make it difficult to say, well, resistance training is actually moving. And you don't look like, well, somebody's got CBD diabetes hypertension. You're already asking disease. All this other sort of things. You're like, oh, but didn't resist the strain of health or sarcafini. It's like, well, they have all these other things that are making them sarcafini. And so how do you? Yeah. So it's probably, and then you have to do that for a long period of time. That being said, the latest guidelines on this and I've linked the two, a full tax article you can read on this below. They strongly recommend resistance training. And I think they do that from the same point you, the same sort of position that you were just saying that the potential benefit is high and the potential risk is very low. So why are we not recommending this? Yeah. Yeah. I think that like you said, because of how heterogeneous it can be from patient to patient, meaning that one patient can have sarcafini in due to cancer. Another one might have a due to heart failure. Another might have a due to COPD. Another one might have a due to a combination of all of these things. For it on a immune disease or any number of things, if you do a research study on a variety of patients with medical conditions and you provide them with one standardized resistance training intervention, it's going to be hard to prove that that one intervention works for everybody. Yeah. Because it's likely going to be underdozed for some appropriately dozed for others and maybe even overdozed for some people. So this is a situation where the training intervention probably needs to be pretty individualized, accounting for their baseline physical ability. Their resources available to train and in particular their degree of antibiotic resistance, which unfortunately, not something that we can include measure. But you can kind of infer based on what's a medical condition as this individual have going on, how old are they, how sedentary are they, and that should give you an idea of does this person need a low dose of training? Do they need to, you know, do one heavy triple once a week or do they need to be training more relative? We more frequently be more active, doing more of the activity on a regular basis, and I would lean towards that. The older, the more sedentary and the more sick somebody is. I'll also just say, I'm not worried about overtraining this population. So, and a one overtrainer resistance training isn't. It's another topic, but I'm not scared of that. I am worried about people overfitting themselves over a period of time and then developing an injury, but I'm not worried about that in this population. I'm just not, and I think that older folks have been in general have been done at a service by not only the public lay public, but then also the experts in this summer of public arena telling them, like, you are fragile. You need less. You should be very, very careful. And it's like, I know when you've lived this long, you're resilient, you're a sturdy, you know? Like, otherwise you wouldn't have made it this far. And then we know that there's this dose of sponsorship, just in general, I don't mind premise, and then if you are antibody resistant, if you're anti-idegaloscopy, you check all the boxes for antibody resistant. I know that the relative dose of exercise that you need or see improvement is going to be higher than somebody's very antibody resistant. Further, further, I know that if you don't do that, the potential negatives are much much worse. You know, I'm not worried about like, did they get a little too sore? Like, yeah, you know, we're going to get better. So that's one big piece of this is dosing it appropriately for the individual rather than kind of like, we can't give you a blanket. Like, here's the Sarkopedia template because it's not going to work across the board because just this population. So heterogeneous, the other piece of this that I would recommend you look into. This is a paper that I'm writing a review on for a research review this month. It is written by Rhodes. It was published in 2017. I'm sure you can link it in the show notes. It talks about basically factors that are related to or predictive of resistance training participation in the general population. So that's the thing that will actually get people to do this and to stick to it. And it suggests that there are whole host of factors that we need to be paying attention to, so rather than being extremely rigid with our prescription and saying everybody has to do this single thing. It lists all the factors that we need to be paying attention to, including people's attitudes, beliefs and expectations about exercise, whether they're going to enjoy or not, or it's going to be pleasant or not. That's like a big factor, right? If people are dreading, people who actually train, recognize this when they dread every training session. Basically, it's a pretty darn hard. You're your RPE for going to the gym, as you know how that just needs it. So this is a factor in environmental access to gyms, guidance, all that kind of stuff plays a role. And so you need to have a flexible intervention that accounts for individual preferences, beliefs, things like that. It needs to be dose-depropriably for the individual. And that's going to be difficult to do. But you need to get a sense of it based on how old-centrarier this individual is, and it needs to be progress-depropriately. So even if they're old-sick and frail, and you practically have to start with a low dose, your goal is to increase that dose over time, not to decrease that dose over time. That sounds like so that's a complexity. Well, I do my best. But so you wouldn't those strictly recommend strictly advocate for barbell training. No, no, I think that that is likely to leave out a very large proportion of this population who needs this intervention. And so, you know, I would ask them, hey, like, you know, do you feel about this? Yeah, do you want to like this? Go ahead. Go to the shot. Cool. If not, what can, what, what do you know about strength training, what might you be willing to start with or something like that? But it's not even that you're preferring barbell training. You're just like settling for somebody doing machine-based. You don't care. No, no, no. Let's go. Let me go to how I'll have to be correct from a health standpoint. I actually don't care. We just like it because we like fun. And we're for us, we have biases. Yes, right. But like, I cannot make a straw of argument for barbell training outside of the context of performance in the barbell lift. Sure. Okay. Like, stop eating that to death or is there more? No, I mean, it's just we're going to keep the same to same thing. The only other thing I wanted to talk about was respect to Sarcopinia is protein ingestion. Yeah, we were kind of rapping about this earlier. So again, when you look at the articles that I've like below on this, particularly on those Sarcopinia guidelines, they recommend that these populations take in a higher amount of dietary protein. I think that's the 1.2 grams for kilos. It's like their recommendation. Whereas the 1.6 grams for kilo is the other recognition from Horton. Yes, based on all the evidence. So we just bracket it and say 1.2 to 1.6. Yeah. And that's in general for people who are either in a calorie of it, is your calorie surplus or standpoint, and so Sarcopinia would represent that in general for both, you know, if you start with a obesity, that's a different deal, but at the same time than you. If you're actively losing weight, yes, and you're in a calorie deficit, then calorie deficit is actually made you end of all of the resistance. Right. So then you could actually advocate for some of the higher dose, but that's again, another episode. But the point is that yes, these folks in general need to hire protein intake, and we kind of bracket that 1.2 grams, 1.6 grams per kilo. Now, I am not the big, you know, sort of vocal supporter of protein supplementation in this particular group. Even though I think it's a reasonable inclusion, like if somebody wanted to use a weight protein high quality, you know, high-pohnt and see protein supplement, I think that's fine. But I can't be like, yeah, the evidence says that people who take this generally do weigh away better problems with that evidence that when they look at people who are either elderly or with start opinion, they're not using the diagnostic criteria to like stratified these people. The protein intakes are like substantially different than they have to like show this human's reaction from food or from supplement, and we just consider protein supplements be food than your outcome should be the same. Right. And so, and they're not, they don't have these huge differences between people taking in weight protein, and then like their regular dietary protein intake. Oh, this person had, did that at one point five grams per kilo versus point set, and the more active you are, the less all of this matters. Yeah, if you're, I'm very good if you're older and you're super healthy and you're super active, then you're probably maintaining a pretty darn good level of animal sensitivity and you can probably even get away with less. Yeah, so just because you're 50, which again, we don't consider to be old. That'll, right, you're not frail it. But we hear people say like, oh, I'm, I'm guess I'm 35 now. I guess I need to really start cranking up the protein, and it's like, well, you're not old. Yeah, you can crank it up if you want, but not because of that number. Yeah, one point six grams for key levels. Super healthy, you know, super healthy, super active, 60 plus, zero people are so much that I still don't really, you know, I don't have evidence to say you really need to be consuming this crazy high dose of protein. We think that again, more seditarian, more sick, more frail in the setting of people who are older as well, that then we can make a stronger case for it. Yeah. So I think takeaway for this is that from full the Cal standpoint, we're both like, where does this Australian aim? By hook or by crook, doesn't need to be marble training. Yeah, it could be a machine based. I think you get a equivalent outcomes unless you're going to power. You see in these crossfit videos that they're putting out, where they have people like, looks like they're standing on the set of the sitcom and they're like picking up jugs of antifreeze or something. Yeah, for the cross and healthy. It's like, well, I mean, I guess for like a few days and then you got to get a bigger deal with these, you just add 5 milliliters to it all the gym. But you have how many thousands of gyms for crossfit to say that short. Yeah, although from the roads are at a golly would say that access in a lot of places is yes, it's a barrier. I feel like maybe there's some risk of lifting that antifreeze thing, you know, five is not going to like the legal icon of toxicity. Yeah, it's a problem. And then we talk about protein intake again, if five food are by protein supplement, I think it's yeah, 1.2 to 1.6 grams for kilos. That's kind of a stock recommendation. And then for as far as a stock opinion treatment prevention, I think this stuff is complicated. If you had an develop a public health program, it would be pro resistance training, you know, pro get enough protein in but that's really as far as you can go from a general recommendation, everything else has to be tailored to the person. Yeah, to the extent that you fail to tailor to the person and make it rigid and has to do this way. Then again, there are substantial substantial swath of the population that are going to be necessarily excluded by that, which is kind of not the idea of a public health intervention. The opposite, only people with access resources and willingness to do this, they're going to get benefit and kind of screw the rest. That's not how we do public health. Yes, that narrow casting. So I'll just be kind of relevant. All right, now we're back in Santa Cruz. Let's review some form checks. So this first video is from Katherine. Let's see, this is 60 kilos and she's going to do, think of triple with this. I'm not sure if it's high bar low bar because I can't really see from here. Let's just take a look here. Yeah, depth is in good position. depth is good. Backstays in a good position. A bar path that's kind of wonky. It honestly just looks like you're a little tentative, like you're almost scared. So I think, yeah, and the bar path was kind of a little place on a third rep. So Katherine, none of these are bad squads. I think if something is preventing you from squatting regularly, then you're going to have this sort of tentative on the way down and you might have some reps that look a lot different than others, where as if you were able to squat more frequently, then I think that your squat technique gets cleaned up. So if the weight is a little too much for you to be able to squat more frequently or do more reps, then I would probably advise doing more back offsets at a lighter weight for instance. I'm not sure the program. But yeah, that's not a very difficult set of three, not certainly not a limit set, but it does look very tentative on the way down. But all right, moving on. So this is 275. I don't love the hate banner behind you, but you know, whatever you gotta do. Yeah, your gaze is too close to you. I was wondering if the bar was too low, but it's not, and then you're not taking a breath between your trap. I know it's just light for you, but you said it then, right? So I would take a breath between each wrap, I would move your gaze out a little bit and really focus on squeezing your chest into this like thoracic extension and take the hate banner down behind you. I put this next video in here. This is 3.95, I believe. So I don't love this angle, because I would like to get the feet and the bar, like the whole thing in the frame. So just back the camera, but it looks like it's using a regular camera too, because there's a little autofocus, lens breathing going on there, but yeah, so I can't see your feet, you know, and I can't see the bar now, but let's take a peek at this squat. So yeah, it looks a little deep and just loose at the bottom. So yeah, it's almost like your feet are descent increases, like you start it out like real tight and then you just kind of drop into the hole. So I'll just tell you to get tighter, but your elbow is look good, your head position looks good, and then, you know, the mechanics look pretty good too. I would just try to get a little tighter for each rep and maintain that tightness throughout the duration of the rep. Alright, this is why it, what is this? 3, this is 370. Yeah, I think so. Maybe 340, that's a 10. I see three plates. Yeah, your hips shot back just a little bit, but that's not bad. It's hard to tell depth given the angle of the video, that one. Yeah, you can see your back come a little unlocked, just out of the bottom, and then see your hips want to shoot back. So I would instead of thinking hip drive, if you're thinking that, I would think leg drive, keep your knees forward out of the bottom, and really try to keep your back squeeze tightly into position. I shouldn't improve some efficiency, but it's a nice set. Why it? Alright, this is 20 kilos. Yeah, these aren't bad presses. I would like to see again the whole frame, and I would hold the lock out, just hold the lock out, shrug, just a second, but the bar path looks pretty good, your little bounce looks pretty good. Yeah, nice. Alright, this Sergio, what is this? 65 kilos? It's a good arch, although, and I see you're not using collars, which is fine, because you don't have spotter, but I would just get a spotter problem. Yeah, looks pretty good. Bar path looks alright. That one came a little forward off your chest. Yeah, same thing. So it's like you're pushing straight up right off the chest, and it needs to go back towards the rack. So I'll try to throw the bar back faster off your chest. Yeah, why? That bar is forward. It looks like you're set up too far back, because you don't have a lift off, so you don't want to hit the uprights with the bar sits. So yeah, all these reps are forward. That's way too low on your chest, and you're having to like scoot it back around back towards the rack. So I would either ask for a hand off or figure out a way to un-rack the bar out of the rack by yourself. Alright, so this is Sean, what do you say? This was 360, I think. Yeah, I wish I could see you, the whole your whole body in the frame at the top, doesn't look like you're standing up all the way. Yes, it's like you're stopping and they come back down. I like the emoji, the weightlifting emoji, the background, and I would take an extra second on the on the floor. It looks like the bar is bouncing all the way all over the place, but they looked okay, you're back, it's good. Jamie, I think this is Jamie Douglas. Sumo deadlift, and she said this was like 342. Yeah, those look fine. Nothing wrong with this. I feel like I know this gym too. Anyway. Yeah, yeah, it looks okay. I think I could cue to like squeeze the slack out of the bar and then push the bar off the floor with a little little more tension, because it kind of looks like you're ripping it off the floor a little bit, but that you know, yeah, especially that last one, but it's not bad. Yeah, pretty decent. I think this is her husband. She said this was 405. More similar deadlifting. Yeah, that looks pretty good. Yeah. So you can, and this particular example, you can see the loridosis of the Lumbar spine, you know, pretty clearly. That's not always the case. So, you know, while you can see it clearly here, you might see another lifter where you don't see that loridosis as clearly, and it doesn't mean it's wrong. It's just, you know, different people. But yeah, I don't have anything to say about these deadlifts of that last one, so we'll forward. Yeah, it's a little bit, but, you know, pretty good. All right, another vertical video, just to troll me. So that one's not locked out. Uh, that's not locked out. Your back looks good. The bar position looks good. You're just not standing up all the way. So stand up tall, puff your chest out at the top, just, you know, say it with your chest. And, uh, yeah, last one was at closest one. Yeah, I just would yell at you to stand up each time. All right, so some of my training, I got to meet coming up this weekend, so I just wanted to get this out. It was 550. It's probably where I'll open like that. This is 505. It was going to my feet. Yeah, a little forward. I like my dissent speed here, though. It's better than it's been. Less, less tentative, certainly. Yeah, it's pretty good. So 550 for a triple, no big deal. Did that for a couple sets. Not going to review all my training. So this is 495. It is from a week or two before. 4 triple. I just wanted to put this in here. So again, I'm happy with the dissent speed. I'm looking at my feet as I can. Yeah, that's a little forward. Yeah, I need to focus on staying back. I could probably do a wider stance, but, um, I kind of messed with my hip. And so I just kind of gave up on it for this meat. This is 410. I'm going to do a pin bench on what show you guys some videos there. So that's pretty good for me. I think that was a PR at the time. And then this is 385. I did it after that. This is, uh, I think I do this for a triple. Yeah, the good thing about pin bench really forces you to like figure out how to throw the bar backwards off your chest. So in a regular bench press, you don't want to push the bar straight up. You want to push it back towards the rack. And a pin bench like requires you to do that. Uh, this is a 190 kilo pin bench. This is actually from this just this past week. Um, the week before I did 192.5, I thought I was going to go up a heavier. Um, but anyway, called it there. This is 190 for a regular cop bench. It's from Saturday. Yeah, so that's 192.5. It's probably going to be on a second attempt probably open at 185. Then you see if I can go 200 on a third or something like that. All right. So on some dead lifts, I'm going to look at the plates again. See if I roll the bar. This is 680. Sit here. Yeah, kicked it a little forward. Did it look hard, though. It was a 625, 620. I think I do this for four. Yes, so we're going to use a deadlift bar at the meat. So I got one. I've pulled on it once now. Um, just think I have a video here at the end. Pulled. Uh, on one in the meat before, but it's been like five years. So yeah, I mean, being strong is cool. So yeah, this is a deficit pull. Uh, 635 stiff bar, no belt, the straps. This is 585. I think I do this for triple. So that one kicked forward, but it's light. So 585. That's a little better. I'm just looking at the York logo as again. And then, uh, yeah, pretty good. But anyway, back to this deadlift bar thing. Uh, so, you know, having good deadlift strength is good, but the bar is kind of tricky. So this is my, you know, on the deadlift bar. This is 585 from a deficit, no belt. Pulled up. This is my second set of four. Uh, I lost the video of the single I did with 300. AV issues, but yeah, I think that I'm almost ready for this meat. So yeah, I've been coming up on Sunday, this Sunday. And 1808 class and the soup too we can do. So the plan's going to be trying to get close to 600 pounds, squat, uh, knee sleeves. That's, that's the idea. And then 440 on the bench would be nice. Third, and then if I can, uh, go over, uh, I think like 727 was where I had, uh, pegged for my, my deadlift. So we'll see. We'll see you out definitely vlog about it. This training vlog is getting super long. So let's cut it here. If you guys like the video, uh, hit the like button, subscribe for all these content. Drop us a comment below. What you want to see next. And we'll catch you guys next time. See you. Austin's the extra for the barbell medicine group. You really enjoy this interacting. Matthew. Zainius. That's your middle name. You've been a little bit lazy. Be used to stand for Austin. Zainius. Or Rocky.