Hey everyone, welcome back to the Barbell Medicine YouTube channel. We'll be bringing modern medicine to strength conditioning and strength conditioning to modern medicine. I'm your host Dr. Jordan Faganbaum and this is Train of Long number 35. This is our recap of the 2019 USAPL RAW Nationals held in Lombard, Illinois. So for this vlog we've got meat footage from Lorraine Baraki Sam Cowham and Charlie Dix and Lea Lutz and Claire Zai. So what we'll do is we'll take a look at all the footage that we have. Sometimes we use the announcers commentary if it's relevant, audible and good. If it's not you'll hear me narrating, trying to set the scene and then we have some other cool stuff in turn mixed and at the end there's this or that section where Dr. Baraki and I go back and forth on some users submitted questions. So hopefully you guys enjoy that. Thought of you further do. Let's get into it. My name is Lorraine Baraki. I am a captain in the army and I'm also an OB-GYN physician. I have been powerlifting for six to seven years. My husband, boyfriend at the time in medical school, Austin, I think we all know, was teaching himself methods of lifting weights after he finished college. We met in medical school and as he was learning more it just peaked my interest to learn how to move a barbell around so started to get some exposure with that through him essentially. It depends how you define recently. But if we think about this time last year, national's last year since then I have completed my OB-GYN residency after four years and I've also transitioned into being a staff OB-GYN currently in Fort Polk, Louisiana. It's been marked by pretty significant schedule changes for sure, being on call in the hospital quite frequently. But I actually see it as a positive thing, surprise, surprise. Just because my life has become kind of regimented and either at work or I am leaving work in training or I am resting recovering, refueling to do it all over again. So it's not a lot going on in Fort Polk, Louisiana. But in your numbers have been pretty well in training. I have been going pretty well with my bench specifically. My squat and Dudlift have held steady, I would say. I know that I have more room to grow in both of those. I have some kind of waxing and waning low back pain that I've been consistently working through. So that's played a little bit of a role here recently. Well, I have an English choice and a Spanish choice. So great. So just depends. But my English choice would probably have to be that the Anna Blueface Baby, featuring Cardi B. I have no idea if lots of it. Noted wise, a loss for a Cardi B. And then my Spanish choice would probably be Ector Novo, me, and de. That's also my favorite song. My people. My right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Oh, show them. Let's just see. See what happens. See what future me does. Alright, so this is Primetime Day. Three, so first night we were there Friday night. 63 kilo women's classes, Lorraine Baraki, opening squat attempt. Now what they did for Primetime is basically take the top. Seven or eight or something like that. Lifters in each class and put them together so that they would all be on the same platform, competing together, actually made for really nice view and experience. This is the only platform going and you could see her on all of the background videos. So very cool. This is 150 kilos, 331 smokes it. That's what you want your opener to look like. About Rp7 when we say that. It means like easy opener. Alternatively, if you're trying to pick a weight, well, this would usually be something you could do for a comfortable triple. Particularly this weekend, they were being very, very harsh on depth, which is good. That's what you want in a competition at this level. I think they had like 1,300 competitors and so you'd want the judging standard to be very, very high. So anyway, she moves up to 155 kilos. This is 341 in the American. Gives the squat command. You'll notice what she did there should take. She took two breaths and one out of the rack and then one after the squat command. I'd probably wait to take the breath till after the squat command. But no problems here. So she moves on up 160. Again, this is under her best squat. I don't think her training was actually going to well for this and some of the interview that we had before this actually asked you about that. And it is what it is. And 160 would be a good number for her. So let's look at this one. Gives the squat command. Takes that second breath. Yeah, and she looks like it almost got a little behind her. And it's weird before she actually stopped moving the bar. They took the bar. So theoretically, she could have retaken that weight if she wanted to. But Austin decided to wave it because she'd rather have a bigger deadlift and not fatigue herself on another lift. So moving on the first bench is 97.5, which is a monster bench. So it's 215 smokes. That is her opener. She's one of the heavier ventures in the class. We'll watch it on replay. Comes back off the chest. Very nice, very nice lift, Lorraine. And they were very expedient about getting the weights changed. This meat moved pretty quickly actually. As you can imagine, that a meat with, you know, something like 1300 lifters would have to move in order for it to get done over the course of four or five days. So yeah, now you can see her grip. It's a pretty moderate grip, especially compared to her competitors. And she's very, very strong. So there's one or two and a half, two, 25. The bro way, two plates. Gives the bench command. She sees her ticks up right after that. Long pause. And yes, smokes it. Back off the chest very nicely. Three white lights. All systems go here. And so she's going to go up on her third. We can watch this second again in slow mo. Again, really cool when they did this for the prime time. A meat that the prime time lifters. It's nice to watch again. Right. And then Lorraine on our third bench. This is 105 kilos to 31. Gives the hand off. Now she's going to wait for the bench command. The star command gives the star command. Yeah, she probably had 107.5. But that would have been a hit or miss 105. What up nicely? Very good bench. Believe that's a PR for her. So now she's going to move into the deadlifts. You know, with her subtotal, she's just wanted a 155. And then 105 there. She's a right at 260 kilos for her subtotal. Open it up 165 kilos. 360, three smokes it. See if they give us a little replay for this. And no replay on this one. Uh, okay, moves up to 175. So this is 385 pounds. It's cool. Watch this bowl. Yeah, a little bit off her legs off the bottom. But no problems. Her dad was actually sitting right behind me. Just going crazy. It was really cool to watch. Yeah, she holds her back in a great position. Then gets the bar back on her legs. Smoke is 385 pounds at 63 kilo body weight or 138 pounds. Very impressive to watch now up to 396 again at 138 pounds. Also, she's a doctor, which is awesome. And I think, you know, for my money, she smoked 180 faster than 175. What's the what's the recap? Recampus. They have got your paper. No, no. You've been new and I'm about to get it. How'd the meet go? Me went very well. Are you happy? Obviously. Are you satisfied? I'm satisfied. Oh, man, I was really going to hopefully, that you're going to say no. I could do an Alexander Hamilton reference in there. But I mean, ladies. Perfect. Yeah. Very cool. Well, say goodbye to the YouTube. You just do since Cardi B out. So Lorraine had a pretty solid day. She came in feeling very confident on her bench. Her bench training has been going awesome. Squat and deadlift. We've been making due with her kind of some back aches and pains. They kind of come and go with training intensity, life stress, sleep stuff that seem to make it flare up. But ended up putting up a 440 kilo total, which is five kilos under her best total. From when she's actually heavier. She has two kilos underweight for this meet. All time meet PR on the bench with a 231 bench, which is pretty good. Very good for that weight class. And Squat did 341 on her second and just miss her third and then pull 397. So I think that our plan moving forward is going to be to get her back symptoms, kind of desensitized. These her back into things, build up her training volume again. And then I really, I mean, her potential is really high on the squat and deadlift. She's nowhere near her potential there. I think she could probably get up to squatting, you know, 165. She could probably get up to deadlifting. Probably get close to 200. I think is possible in her future. Just has to be a matter of training, getting her to tolerate enough training to get there. So that's what we're going to be working towards with her. Sam had the meat of her life. She her prep for this meet we experimented with some different approaches, particularly on her deadlift training. And things seem to go really well. Easy. Smooth. She hit all time, PR on the squat. All reds on the bar. That's, that's a pretty load all over the chair. Oh my god, she's that was so easy. She's got it 391 or 177.5 kilos, which went up faster than any of us expected. So that was awesome. She benched a meat PR of 107. And a half kilos. So she gets this today. So we actually have to be a pure, half kilo PR from there. Largest. You're the over 100 kilos. Well, if you look at her meat history, then. Nice look. Look at that. We are for Samantha. Nice work. We've been benching 105, 105, 105, but multiple meats trying to get a few more kilos on the bar. So finally got that done. And then she ripped a 226. American record, an official world record deadlift. Here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, we are alive from Lombard, Illinois. 2019, we're on nationals. All the way up, Sam. Come on. Holy crap, Sam just took, let's wait for the white lights. But three white lights have been fogging ahead of us. To seal the deal for all time, PR total, 511 kilos. At about 62.7 kilos body weight. So incredible meat. Really, she has matured a lot as a competitor. Her mindset, her preparation, her just everything about her is come together really well. To be able to perform at this level and repeat as national champion. So we're very proud of her. I'm very, very happy with how the weekend went both Floreen and Sam did a fantastic job. We've had a bunch of other awesome performances from our folks, including Charlie and Leah and lots of other lifters on our team. So we're happy. We'll grab. Charlie Dixon successful on his first 290 kilos. Got calls for depth on his second. So let's see if he can nail this one and get that 307.5. Charlie with his SPD equipment. All the way down. Let's get it. Oh nice. It moved fast. So let's see what the judges have to say about that. He is credited with 307.5 kilos on his third attempt. We have Charlie six in top now. But I just want to. Two hundred five kilos. That was a beautiful. Oh, drives it all the way up. Yes, the worst. Two to one. Anyway, that was an amazing. Yeah, they were super cool. They're watching. They're watching. They're watching. They're watching. I mean, just sticking with it though is. Hey, you got a fight. Got a fight. We're all here because we fight. Charlie three 32 and a half. So Charlie six in with three 32 and a half. So he's also so he makes a look easy. Easy, easy. That is under his best. Oh, however. referees three white lines. That puts him in second place. So that is absolutely amazing. That's probably why they made that call. It was a silver medal winner Charlie Dixon. All right, Saturday morning here. Lambert, Illinois, Lea Lutz, Claire, Zai, set to do battle day, Lorraine, Sam, and Charlie all did extremely well last night. So we're just going to walk over to the venue now. Meet Lea for this morning session. Trying to grab some breakfast. Something for my voice. So I've been screaming my face off. And yeah, so they got a day for a barba medicine and all of our athletes. Great part about having breakfast. What we'll be a lot is she will be impressed with your breakfast order because you're the epitome of health. Lea, we're here before you're session. Are you impressed with this order? Oh, I am very impressed. I mean, I'm only really an unobestly amount of cheese. I've got all my butt. You can afford that fat. That's right. But they are egg whites. Yeah. And then I got this. You'll cut oatmeal. Right. And it's got nothing in it. And it's acceptable. Solidarity for those who have to cut away. So my name is Lea Lutz and I am a coach with Barbel Medicine. I also make sure Barbel Medicine runs behind the scenes. So we don't want to forget that. So I've been powerlifting for six and a half years now, I think. I think this is my fifth raw national. Numbers I hope for tomorrow. So a bunch of people asked me this on Instagram. And I wouldn't tell them. Right. But yeah, this is for the tubes. I big goal is I want a fairly sizeable PR total this meet. And I'm excited about that. So I will be really excited if I hit a squat 1575. Bench, 90 or in the back of my mind. I think I could do 90 to five but that may or may not be in the cards. And then I hope for my biggest pull ever in the 170s. I'm Lea Lutz which may lack. So now this is day four in the morning. Lea was in the morning session. Platform five. She was the last flight in the morning session because they were lifted the most weights. That's how they did it. Masters one class opening up 142.5 kilos. This is like 313 pounds. Get to Squaw Command, take your breath. Yep. Move drill quick. So I wanted to put her in a position to take a PR third attempt. So I had to pick 152.5. She got one red light on depth on the side. But sometimes it do be like that. So we were not worried about that. She's never gotten called on depth. Enemy. And so we moved up to 152.5. Planned was for 157. And a half on her third gets the Squaw Command. And obviously you can't tell depth from this angle. But you'll see they actually gave her two red lights from the side on depth. Center judge said it was okay. Which is usually how that goes. So we retook it. Wanted to get this 152.5 kilo on the scoreboard. Gives these Squaw Command again. And to me, it looks like she buried it, you know. And got a little lot of position. It was able to stick it. And then now she's get two red lights. One from the front on depth, which is very odd. But yeah, it's out of our control. Can't control the outcomes here. Only can control the process. So regrouped. So she opens up here. 80 kilos, smoke show, 176 pounds. Not too long ago. She actually had a slap tear repair. Surgical age. She couldn't even bench, you know, the pink dumbbell. So very impressive to see her come back for this. 85 kilos smokes that. It's 176. And now we're going to go up to her third. This would be a meat PR here. 90 kilos, 198 pounds. You can see me creeping in the background. All day. Yeah, 90 kilos was the right call. 92 and a half, you know, it might have been a little too much for the day. And a big celebration. Nice meat PR 90 kilos. All right, moving on to deadlift. So this is 160 kilos, 352 pounds smokes it. No problem. And what we were doing, we're doing a lot of math on sub-tools to see how can we get leonopotium. Top five is podium. Position in the 72 kilo class or in all these classes. And so, head to do a bunch of math and try to figure out like what do we need to pull? And so, I bumped her up to 167 and a half. This is 3, 68 at a 72 kilo body weight, master's one division. And yeah, from here I was like, you know, 170'd be a really easy third, 374, really solid third. But we had to go up more than that. I was thinking maybe 172 and a half would be like a limit third, 175 was going to be pushing it, but that's what we had to call for to get her to get in that number five position to get a metal. So we took it, you know, 172 and a half and 178 was I was 100% sure of 175 created a little bit of drama. So let's watch what she does. 185? Yes. Come on, stick with it. Look at it. Patience, patience. That's that hard part. Is that skin, full-to-right underneath the single it? Lock it back, lock it back. And you can see me leaning back at the background. She gives the white light. She's a good lift. All-time meet PR, 385 pounds, master pull, great job, yeah, great job. Moving on to master's one, 72 kilo class by popular demand. In fifth place, Leah Luce. Hopefully she's still here. A barbell medicine fame, release. These are your master's one, 72 kilo champions. So my name is Claire Zy. I'm a competitive power lifter and a researcher. I was in grad school and one of my friends, I was always a gym rat and one of my friends recognized that I had some competitive numbers and kind of entice me with some records and said I could break them and went out and caught the bug and never stopped. I started Burma Medicine a little over a year ago doing group programming and then I ended up switching to one-on-one programming right after California State Championships, which was about three months ago. And my last meet, I totaled 452 and a half kilos and this meet, my goal is to go 9 for 9 and I don't know, I think at 475 total is my goal for this meet. And welcome to the prime time session for the 72 females and 105 males here at the USA powerlifting raw nationals 2019. So this is a day for prime time session Claire Zy, 72 kilo open class, opening up here 157 and a half kilos 346 again. Notice you had to take two breaths. Always want to take the breath after this guacamole. And yeah, they actually redlighted her on-depth again from the center judge, which is odd, but you know, that happened. So we retook it, really want to get on the board and not to attempt the barbell gods by going up even though she's much much stronger than this, as you can tell by the bar velocity. So basically I told her hey, take your breath after this guacamole, and make sure to bury it and then you'll be, you'll be all good. Now watch what happens when she walks the way out here. So in order to get the guacamole, the two side judges have to drop their arms, basically signifying that you've locked your knees out. And so the side judge you can see in this frame never drops his arm, so they make her re-rack it, clock still running. All right, so you get a minute to take each attempt. So she has to basically do this whole thing again and lock her knees out. I would be interested to know what was going through her mind when this was happening. And this has happened to me before, but you know, you should regroup and go ahead and do it. It gets a squaw command again, really fast reps, very strong lifter. And yeah, she gets two to one. That's a good lift, moving up on the third. So already we were in a kind of a precarious position, based on what we had done in training. So it went to 165, really wanted to just increase her totals. She buried this one. And again, two to one, that side judge, just not loving her, but we're on the board with her third attempt at 165, 360, eight pounds. So now we want to bench press. This is 97 and half kilos, 215 pounds, 72 kilo body weight, gets a star command. Now notice she's got a much wider grip. Also notice me in the background with no hat, apparently you can't wear a hat when from the coaching platform, but three white lights. So all systems go here, moved her up to 105, 231 pounds. And she gets the star command and let's watch the bar velocity on this one. Yeah, so from here, 110 would have been a match her best in the gym and would have been a all-time meat PR. So we went there again, a little more aggressive than we wanted to be just based on what she did on the squat and then just gets out of the groove and the bar went too far back, actually hit the rack. So unfortunately, that's how it went. Didn't make that lift, but still in the mix for this potting position again, top five gets metal. This is the biggest class all weekend long. opens up here, 385 pounds. I actually thought they might troll her with that little movement at the end. I wanted her to kind of hold it and add lock out and be a little bit further behind the bar, but no problem. They gave it to her and it was a good lift. I moved up to 185, 407 pounds, 72 kilo body weight. Watch her pull this. Yeah, again, good velocity and I had a lot of number crunching to do in the background, actually changed her third deadlift attempt twice. So 185 was good, had to change her third deadlift twice to get her in position to pull for that top five position. And again, largest class all weekend, it's men or women. So she goes to 192.5. This is a 423, I believe. I'll talk to my head originally wanted it 190, but had to bump her up and then bump her up and back down. So originally put in 1951 in her first change, then I did 25 to make the other people take there, third deadlift up. And yeah, she smokes this nice pull. This is for fifth place and her first runational gets the fifth place overall. The open 72 kilo class fifth place, Claireえる as long as the shift has beenığını d on the second leader. Okay, this is the this or that section. This is the this or I got trapped in my own sentence structure. So basically what we did is we asked you guys that gals on Instagram to submit this or that style questions so that me and Oberaki here can battle it out. The Gentay Montay. How do you think you say that? Vicente Montes-Sac. He asked chicken or beef. I think I eat chicken more often but I probably like beef more. I feel the same way which actually does tails nicely into our upcoming podcast with Alan Flanagan on red meat intake and we cover a bunch of different stuff. Basically red meat intake recommendations, saturated fat, dietary cholesterol, diet and heart hypothesis. We go deep. But yeah, I think if I had to pick one for like tastiness, I'm going to pick the beef. Yeah. In particular, an A5 Wagyu cut. But what I eat more frequently is chicken. All one SS asks safety squat bar or hacksquat. I'm going to pick safe squat bar squat. Same. Yeah. Just because I prefer squatting to doing like a machine-based exercise but that's just me. If you asked me like should somebody do hacksquat or safety squat bar squat, I don't care. Yeah, for what? Yeah. I mean, I think we've covered this just the benefits of like freestanding movements tend to be you do train your balance on some component and then usually there's more global muscle mass involved but that may not be a concern if it ultimately prevents people from adhering to training. Yeah. So if the question is you're using this in a program for somebody who trains like a bar bow athlete and there's squatting on some day of the week and you want to introduce something else on a different day. Same to squat bar versus hacksquat. There's no automatic answer to that that I would give that where I would feel strongly about it if they, you know, if they want, I have actually a few clients who hacksquat in one slot. Yeah. There's a of their week and then others who don't do any kind of machine-based stuff for it. Hacksquat or belt squat. Does the same thing? Yeah. You'd say overwhelming shrug. Yeah. Okay, Natty 24 run a marathon or do a bodybuilding show. A bodybuilding show. I mean, like, I don't like being hungry and I don't like shaving. Yeah. Yeah. But I hate, I don't like running long distances that hurt me even more. Yeah. So lesser two evils. I feel like probably if this was like 10 years ago, I probably would have just done the marathon. Just because I moved the marathon. In sufficient shape to do it. At this point, the amount of training required to do a marathon would be substantial. Yeah. Versus. There's no specification here as to how well you'd have to do it the bottom. Yeah, you could literally just get up and be completely unremarkable on stage and take that box. Yeah. There's it's true. Yeah. I guess they don't have like a quality control checkpoint. So I just like go up there. It's like a meme of a dude who just this like show how you look and do to got him next to Larry Wheels. Yeah. Yeah. Do you think it's more stuff for the do you think he'd be better bodybuilder or better marathoner? It's hard to judge the competitiveness in something like bodybuilding, of course, just because of the nature of the sport as pose in terms of, you know, who shows up in the subjectiveness of the aesthetic, whatever. I mean, knowing that my endurance background, I was decent at it. I think I'd be decent at marathon, but I think it may take longer than a year to get good enough at it. Transfer all those previous adaptations over that you've likely either lost or tucked away somewhere to another sport. Yeah. I think it'd be a better bodybuilder. Not that I'm like particularly aesthetic. But you know, I'll be training the arms. No. Yeah. That makes one of them. What do you do for arms? Like not like have them? Pivot block or traditional d-load. This is just labels. Right. Yeah. They're just made up. What does traditional d-load mean? So like, if you're defining that as when people, you know, say, oh, I'm going to only do 70% for like a reduced volume, so reduction in intensity and volume. I mean, that's kind of what a pivot block is. You can make an argument that some iterations of a pivot block actually have less discrepancy in the volume. But the intensity usually is significantly lighter meaning then you're previously doing like heavy sets of five or three or something like that. And now you do a week where you're just doing tens. So the intensity is lighter. The volume may be similar. And the movements tend to be different. I think that's probably the bigger thing in terms of the way people think about these as exercise selection stuff. But these are just words. Like, you know, the words matter. Like, I don't know that there's such things like traditional d-load. Unless you just go by the literal definition of d-load and you just decrease the load. Yeah. That's the only traditional way that I would view it. And, you know, I don't think that there's one that's better than another. It's kind of a depends on what the person needs. So for example, if somebody is complaining of tons of accumulated aches and pains that I think are, you know, the result of a, you know, over accumulation of fatigue or something. Yeah. I'm probably not going to switch them over to a block where I just like switch the exercises. But the reps and keep the intensities that like nine or ten RPEs. Yeah. I'm definitely going to pull back on the load, decrease the load and hence maybe I'd use a traditional d-load in that sense. Especially that. Another situation where somebody is like, maybe feeling fine, but their response to the training is kind of waning and, or maybe there's some psychological stuff where they're not enjoying the training is much anymore. And I might switch them to something where they're doing different movements, different rep ranges that they haven't been exposed to, that they can PR and anything, get excited about training. Yep. But they can still tolerate high intensities. I don't care for the labels for either of those things is just different ways of altering the training based on the response. Yeah. Yeah. I think that context, those, those examples that you mentioned are, I feel similarly, like those are good rules of thumb. And then also, when decreased specificity is actually warranted for the particular goal that your program in around and that is important. And I think you can use pivot blocks or pivot weeks more liberally. So, but, you know, for example, if people are going into a powerlifting meat and, you know, you're three weeks out or four weeks out and you're changing training just a little bit and you need like this lower fatigue week. That's mostly more going to be a traditional d-load that's how I tend to program it. But if I'm separating different blocks that are have similar goals or both developmental blocks or GPP blocks or whatever, I tend to use just a pivot where movements are different. The rep ranges are significantly different. It's kind of like a washout in a way. Or if people aren't going to powerlifting meat, I tend to not use the traditional d-load as much unless they're really geeked out on testing their 1rm. All right, this from Annie Paladino, our friend from Pacific Northwest. Oh, we have, she has a bunch. Okay. Yeah, this is a for some. Uh, now, teen off. Not that. Look, the golf. What was the question? All right. Star, star, star, star, wars. Uh, I guess I've not seen like enough. Of either to call myself like a trekky or a star wars like person, like, you know, fan. Yeah. So I'm just going to say star wars because I've seen, I've definitely seen more star wars and I think George Lucas did something really interesting that had never been seen before at the time when he came out the original star wars. Yeah, I've seen all the star wars multiple times. So I'm going to go with that. You know what I think star trek is. Not for me. Not for you. Yeah. You have passed. Poor over or espresso. Poor over easy. These espresso is a pre-party. Everyone's like, what's your coffee or what do you mean? I'm like, pour over with an espresso on the side and you get the espresso first because it doesn't take as long a make. Right. And then it's your pre-game. And then you have a made event. I'm going to go espresso. If I could get like a mug of espresso. Perfect. That was not that. I think the the odor and the the tang of it. I really enjoy. Uh, have you ever done like a coffee cup in or tasting course? Oh, my gosh. So they make you like slurp the things. You're like, That's why I don't think I could do it. No, yeah. Yeah. They're like you're aerating your pallets. So you get all these notes. I'm like, I just feel like a fool. Uh, beat your mountains. Um, well, I, yes. I live by the beach. But I also am not far away from mountains. Thank you, California. Yeah. And you pay extra for that. Yeah. To put you into that location. But if I had to pick one of the other, I'm going to pick the beach. Yes. You're up at near a beach. And mountains are there. What we did is that tend to be colder and snow, which I'm not a fan of. Sure. Yeah. Versus more temperate. Stuff by water. Phil James, Paul Sumo or Squat High Bar for the rest of your life. I'd probably just pull Sumo. I don't, I don't particularly dislike high bar. But if I had to pick one of the other, I would probably just pull Sumo because I find that to be more comfortable than I do squatting high bar as my dominant squatting movement. What's your best high bar for like a single and then for reps? I actually don't know that I've ever had high bar single. But I could probably high bar. Like when I was at my strongest low bar, I would be surprised if I could high bar squat in probably in the mid 500s or so. I could probably have high bar 550 or something then. I had to guess. Yeah. But I was low bar in 6.5 then. Yeah. I have high bar 500. No belt. And no knee sleeves. That was my no no no. Yeah. I felt like the my low poster. And then I did 195 for 10. Okay. Just for 30, I think. Rips. Yeah. Just two sets of five really. Yeah. Tim. Doritos or Ruffles. Hmm. Can we get to stipulate the flavor? Because I'm trying to remember what Ruffles are. Those are the ones that... With bridges. No dude. No. Quirk Street. You talk about like bugles. I did enjoy those. Yeah. I thought they look up what Ruffles look like. Ruffles have ridges. And what's their... That's their slogan. Yeah. So they're just like a potato chip with the Ruffles. So look here's if I could pick the flavor. I'm picking Ruffles. A sour cream and onion. Okay. But my favorite potato chip is going to be salt and vinegar and their lays. Salt and vinegar are pretty good. Yeah. But he said Doritos. So they didn't have to be cool or ranch. Yeah. Not the cheddar. No. Those get old too quickly. Another ranch Doritos or sour cream and onion ruffles. I think I'm going to pick the cool ranch. Yeah. Although the correct answer to this question is lays salt and vinegar. Costco hotdog or Ikea meatballs. I don't like... I don't like meatballs. Just either. Yeah. I've never had either. But I don't like meatballs. So I'm going to default to the hotdog. Yeah. I've never had a Costco hotdog. Yeah. And I've been to IKEA once in my life. So. Oh yeah. And then I've just got a score barbell medicine. And you know her? Yeah. I know her. Puerto Rico or Cuba. Like, I wish there was more to this. Like, to visit or like, which, like, for a government do you work for or like. I've been to any career in islands. I've been in Puerto Rico. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'd go back. Yes. Also, I could move there if I live there more than I think it's 40% or 50% of the time. You know, like, qualify as like a Puerto Rican. Like, like, that you live there and get a tax break on that because you're moving a business. So I pick all of that over Cuba. Not that I think there's anything wrong with living in Cuba right now. I just, yeah. I like the amenities. Yeah. Puerto Rico is a great time on them with there. And I also would like to go back. But we haven't had a chance to. And there was the whole hurricane business that decimated there. Yes. Yes. Yeah. That's a thing. That's a problem. Yeah. CNS fatigue or adrenal fatigue. Well, only one of these things actually exists. So, and CNS fatigue really is a misnomer as far as how it's actually stated. You call it central fatigue. Effectively means that the amount of a neural stimulation that is transmitted, like, little electrical stimulation that's transmitted to the level of a muscle is decreased. And this is a protective mechanism so that you don't go into the rev zone into the danger zone. That's contrasted to peripheral fatigue. It means there's actually something wrong with the muscle. The nerves are sending the same signal to the muscle, but the muscle goes, not dog, I'm out. Yeah. So, that's a thing. I wouldn't call it CNS fatigue. I would just call it central fatigue. If we had these two brought them, like, big umbrellas, big buckets. Central fatigue peripheral fatigue. Adrenal fatigue is wholly made up. Yes. You can have adrenal insufficiency. Yes. That's a thing. That's a real thing. Yeah. And, like, requires objective signs, symptoms, confirmatory lab testing. That is validating. That's reliable validated and requires, like, medical intervention. People, you know, so... So hopefully, like, for an ing. Yeah. So the adrenal fatigue thing, yeah. You can't just tell people, though, that it doesn't exist. Like, that's the wrong way of going about counseling. That's a good way to, backfire people. You ride exactly. Just like telling people that they're low back pain doesn't exist. Like, don't do that. There's, you know, different ways to counsel this. But, yeah, as far as we know right now, based on evidence, and evidence exists to basically suggest that this is a wholly made up condition. And then treatments for this condition that are, you know, advised are completely made up, baseless stuff. Although, you know, the lifestyle stuff I get behind, like, sleep more. Sleep more. Yeah. Make sure to eat a healthy diet, you know, whatever they wanted to find that is. But, going around telling people that have adrenal fatigue, or they're overstressing their adrenals, or whatever. It's like, no, man, that's why they're there. Yeah, literally there to deal with stress. Yeah. Yeah. One of these kind of reductionists are the point of being wrong things. And then the CNS fatigue thing, it always kind of cracks me up because I think about, like, real things that could be labeled as such, the best example being like a post-dictal state after somebody's had a seizure. Oh, yeah. So after people have a real true, like epileptic seizures, they're usually pretty drowsy for a, for a decent amount of time at the doors. And that's called a post-dictal state. I was thinking about that as like true because they're brain just kind of electrically fried. It's literally fried itself. Yes, catatronic states. Yeah. You're just, you know, but, you know, You can chop it with it. They're frying themselves from doing a few sets of squats. It's kind of amazing to me in a sense because you don't collapse. Post-dictal, like you do after a seizure when you're done with it. No, usually not. Usually not. Javan asks, flats versus heels for squats. I don't care. Yeah. I mean, I'd probably like to use a heel chew, but it doesn't matter. But when we go train in an hour now, I'm going to go squat in Sanities sneakers. Well, I brought my nanos because it's open season. Yeah. So, that's fine. Don't care. Do we mobility drills every workout or never be able to squat again? Is this question a threat from squat you? Yeah. Where do you get your evidence? Yeah. Got you. Shots fire. Uh, if it's more than like 30 minutes of mobility, I'm just saying I'm not willing to sacrifice that much of my life just to squat. Just start entering. There's no need to go do that. Yeah. Yeah. So, 30 minutes is my cut off. Yeah. And that doesn't mean you should do 30 minutes mobility. Like you shouldn't do any mobility. Just when I say doing mobility, just don't do it. Yeah. You can do like dynamic movements that are specific to the task you'd like to gain more range of motion in. Do that. If you want to call that mobility, that's fine. But that's not what other people mean when they say mobility. I mean rock, rock. Or like the stupid warmup stretches. Yeah. Activation drills. Ah. Long sigh. A world without no C-bos or a world without anti-vaxxers. Uh, well, I think the death toll would be better if there were no anti-vaxxers. And I don't mean that these people, like, I'm not aggressive threat on them. I just think that they should change their mind and be open to actual, like, scientific evidence. This is an interesting question. Because I'm wondering, this is basically a question of morbidity or mortality. Yes, correct. Yes. So you would reduce mortality. You would, uh, uh, get save a lot of lives. If there were no anti-vaxxers out there, um, just to be clear, there's no scientific evidence that supports that line of thinking. Yeah. So when people start talking about, well, this person said this. It's like, yeah, that's not based on actual evidence. So, gotcha. Um, but there are those people, these people aren't interested in actually having a discussion on the science. No C-bos, though. I mean, you would argue maybe that the quality of life that does. Correct. Yeah. We've less morbidity quality life would likely be improved. Uh, and this is like when I go, I cite a lot of the landscapes. Global burden of disease data and some of the talks that I give and, uh, some of the stuff that I talk about leans on the mortality side where they have like rankings of the top causes of deaf. Worldwide the WHO has their like top risk factors for mortality, like bloodshed, sugar, high blood pressure obesity and activity. Um, and tobacco use are the top five from the WHO. And so, you know, you know, uh, the vaccine topic and immunization and stuff isn't necessarily in that top five. Sure. Um, see the blood say was mortality. Yeah, I think they're just bigger big, big, big targets. And so you could even make an argument that without no C-bos, maybe some people would be less reluctant or have fewer barriers to engage in health promoting activities that they're afraid of doing. And you may be able to round about kind of interesting to think about. Yeah, I think I'll probably take the world without Nasibo's thing myself. Yeah, so you made your point. Yeah. I think I agree with you because initially I was thinking antibiotics or yeah. But I think maybe you end up causing less people to become a hand-tive haxers without the Nasibo's. Yeah. Uh, I think that's it. Yeah. Cool. All right. I'll go lift this or that segment. Dr. Baraki, Dr. Jordan Bygmong. We're going to get back to the lifting. Thanks for watching. I'm Tom Kampotelli and I'm a part of Medicine Coach. The question is, uh, how do I come up with the witty captions? And I would assume that you are talking about on my personal Instagram account because, again, I cannot confirm nor deny that I am involved with the Barbel Medicine and Syrian account. But I will say this. Uh, it often comes from the bits of detritus that are bouncing around my head during the day, uh, which through a process of, um, great stupidity, I embellish upon and add a relevant cease to until I have reached a character limit that is too big, and then I'll dial it back a little. Thank you.