Nico I need a city and return with my trade-in Hey, dude. Dude, what are you doing? Pulling something heavy today. Oh boy. Are you gonna call your own shot today? Yes. What are you doing? I'm a thing to feel in quite light. If the fear is there, I'm gonna take it. I'm always 7.15. Maybe. I like it. Oh, 5.85. Alright, see now you're gonna 6.75. Yeah. I'm telling you dude, 7.55. 65 now. Well, there's just another plate. Oh, thanks. That's the idea. Oh, cool. Cool. Dude. Pretty good. Okay, once it unsticks from the floor, it feels good. Is 7.75 your best? Yeah. So 7.15. 7.25. I mean, it's just loading. It becomes stupid. Yeah, it's probably 20. Alright, here we go off the rock. 7.120 pound. Yeah, this 15 pound PR. Oh, right, buddy. Yeah, man. Good. Yeah. How do you feel? 15 pound PR. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, man. Good. That's cool, bro. Yeah. How do you feel? 15 pound PR. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, man. 15 pound PR. Yeah. Without slides, even. But I brought it out slide. I brought it out slide. Yeah. Nice job, buddy. Thanks, man. It's still like kind of. Yeah. In a day. Deadlift, brain. Yeah. When was last time you hit a deadlift PR? About a little over a year ago. Oh, man. 15 pounds a year, though, not bad. Shit. At this point. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, can't complain. That's you. Just deadlifted 720 pounds. And now you're back down sets or 495. Yeah. I'm no mathematician. That seems like about 70%. 60%. That's about 70%. Yeah. Wow. Maybe I should be a mathematician. Well, so what's the deal, though? We just had this little stimulus fatigue convo. Yeah. So for the past, I don't know. Three is months or so. I haven't really pulled anything over in our P7. Yeah. I worked up to, I was doing set the five until those the effort required to do five started to get a little too high. And then pulled that back a little bit and started to do in doubles at a seven or a top set and back offs in like the 70 to 75% range. And then that kept going up. Then transition to singles and pulled. Six, 89 last week for a single that was not, it was probably about an eight, eight and a half. In terms of like single level effort. And so I had a feeling that a PR was coming soon. But yeah, I've definitely not pushed. Push sets to close to failure. I mean like a, you know, a RPE 9 or 10 in months. Yeah. If you keep the velocity higher on your working sets, you can still impart a good stimulus with less fatigue. So that you can do more sets. So it's more stimulus. Yeah. That's the idea. Yeah. And I was mentioning how I haven't needed to take a D-load or a back off low stress whatever you want to call it kind of weak in quite a while. Yeah. I think just because the fatigue and stimulus are better, kind of distributed, I guess. Yeah. And you get more cumulative stimulus because you have to take less breaks. Yeah. That's the idea anyway. Yeah. Caviot and Tor, people are different. I mean, it may not work as well for you. It did for me and maybe it works better for you than it works for me. Yeah. I mean, it works forever. That's how they can go. Yeah. It's called a mouser block. A what? A mouser block. How you guys name it? I think it's Paul. Okay. Mouser. He's a strong man who makes this stuff. But this is a piece of equipment. What do you do with it? It's a loadable block, press or carry. So you can put weight in there? Yeah. You can take these off and put weight in there. I'm not going to net root. I'm not going to change weight, but I just want to press it. Pretty fun. Did you press it already? Yeah. Oh. Okay. I do. Yeah. I do. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Alan for all! Who's a Phil stone? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. the one more all let's go somebody please admire my ninja steps come on Allen come on Allen what a what a how's my form yeah it's great look good and very good low bar who's a felt stone carry what a what RPE Ray that yeah trunks of tricks that was RPE 10 I couldn't go back down yeah I heard that you had a little interesting experience at the airport yeah yeah so checking in and I check my bags with my on-tem train business debit card and the lady is pointing to the card she says is this she's pointing to on-tem train she says is this your business do you work with animals or mental health patients and I did not just pause and thought is she trolling me right now maybe she knows I said yeah so I thought my idea I guess kind of both but I said no it's a the name of a gym that I own she said oh I see I saw the untamed and I was trying to put it to her so she doesn't she doesn't see the name I see it but anyways it only to me they go a little barbell barbell barbell medicine really bad thing like when I go get coffee and they see that they take my name from my card and they're like a coffee ready for barbell and it's like come on down no my name mr. medicine mr. medicine mr. medicine please me doctor medicine mr. medicine mr. medicine mr. medicine mr. medicine hey I'm Cassie Neiman I'm a you can wrote to master Rowan instructor and I know you guys are probably already using the Rowan machine for your conditioning so what I'm going to do is give you a few tips to make it a little bit more effective and probably make you feel a little bit better on the machine as you do that number one we're going to look at the damper I'm going to tell you how to set that thing number two where are your feet going to go number three how are you going to sit on the seat and number four we're going to talk just a little bit about the order of operations in the way that the stroke works best number one I want you to take a look at the damper so when you come to sit down on the machine you need to make sure it's set for you and one of those things is making sure there's damper is set in the place where you want it to be set this is not the resistance when it's on a one that doesn't mean it's going to be the easiest when it's on a ten that doesn't mean it's going to be the hardest this is a variable resistance machine which means the resistance it gives you is based on the work you put into the machine this just represents the drag so it's pulling an air when it's at a one it's not pulling in in any air when it's at a ten it's pulling in a bunch of air I would suggest most people start with it between a three and a five that's a good place to start but definitely play around with it but also definitely just look at it before you start throwing it up at a ten doesn't mean you're going to get the most out of your workout number two where are you going to put your feet first of all don't row in your lifting shoes put on some regular old ten of shoes it doesn't matter just nothing with that lifted in the heel and the super rigid sole so when you put your feet in the straps you're going to put it so that the strap is over the widest part of your foot then you're going to pull those straps nice and tight so that straps going to sit over like the bottom of your shoelaces where the the widest part of your foot is and that's going to put your foot in the best position so that you can pick your heels up doesn't mean you need to but you can and it's going to put you in the best position to mechanically apply force to do each stroke number three how to sit on the seat seems really simple but there's actually a few things you can do that might make your whole stroke way better just by adjusting how you sit on the seat what i like to do is go ahead and straighten out your legs and reach over try and touch your feet it could be a nice stretch when you first sit on the machine but also it's just kind of a nice segue into picking your butt cheeks up so you're going to actually pick your butt cheeks up to kind of rotate your pelvis into a more neutral position so instead of sitting on the seat like this i'm going to adjust so everything rotates forward this is going to put me in a much better position to hinge from my hips and get more out of every stroke when it comes to rowing what we're trying to do is push through our legs and hang on this handle to produce force to make the machine move right make that flywheel inside push the air so starting up in that catch position which is this front position we're looking for a shin's vertical with the shoulders and front of the hips arms nice and long shoulders down chin up neck nice and long from this position think of using your biggest movers using your legs you're going to drive with the legs then swing the body open then pull the arms in so it's really simple mantra arms come away body comes over legs bend so it's a legs body arms arms body legs a lot of people like to skip that body swing right here and they don't end up in this body over position up at the front at the catch and so then they end up missing a lot of power from the legs as they drive it back so as you get started rowing once you're in that perfect position your feet are in the right place and then dampers in the right place then you just break it down and you row a little slower just for a little while all right and you get that legs body arms arms body legs and that's going to get you a much stronger stroke because when you're in this position you can push through your legs and transfer that force from the legs through your body into your arms into the machine all right so legs body arms arms body legs thinking about using the legs to drive to get the most out of your stroke and hopefully you'll have a much better time in your conditioning good luck hey dad hey do a man you ready to do this thing well I think we're going to be a little rusty but we'll make it work I'm more optimistic I think we're going to be fresh fresh yeah so this is the difference we've had a six month the six month dealer do you know what about it let it marinate had to probably explain the same things you know it doesn't times differently yeah it's great we'll be right are you more excited about doing this seminar than your 720 pull yesterday you don't have to be I think there are going to be diminishing returns at the high end of how much activity you're doing but if we can get some initial buy-in with a low amount that's fine we'll start there and then we'll see if we can nudge things in the right direction by continuing to work through that behavior change cycle what's keeping you from adding another day of activity what's keeping you from doing an additional session of the rubic activity right what are the pros and cons that play here is it because you work three jobs and you have five kids and you know you have real significant barriers to actually doing this or is it just that you haven't found an activity that you enjoy enough to do that much yet so not only is there no minimum threshold for benefit any amount is better than none but we see what is called a dose response relationship what that means is the higher the dose the higher the response you get with respect to training volume and health related benefits are our pre-existing ideas about pain and how it works right so if you are still stuck in the old school interpretation of what pain means where pain always means tissue damage right that's going to be more counterproductive you're not going to be able to function as well because anytime you experience any sentiment you're going to be like oh that means something that's happened right so you're pre-existing understanding can be problematic here and that's one of the avenues that we target when we're working with clients and patients we try to provide a lot of this education in a way as to reframe their ideas their beliefs and their understanding about pain and what it means and what they can do about putting them in charge of the situation building up that self-efficacy that they can actually benefit for example we talk about exercise technique we try not to talk about it in a way that unnecessarily makes exercise threatening in other words we don't say you must move this one perfect way otherwise you will develop pain that is unhelpful not only is it unhelpful if potentially harmful if people begin assigning threat value to exercise because you can't control how much threat they assign to it right this is where dead looks for bad for the back squads are bad for the knees comes from not only do people come to believe those but they come to believe that there's so dangerous and so threatening that the risk of doing those outweigh the potential health benefits of doing those things which is not the case right so we want to tilt the scales back again so people can say the benefits of doing these exercises far outweigh the risks in many situations regardless of the fine minute details of how I'm moving whether my knees are an inch forward or an inch back whether my back is a centimeter flex or a centimeter extended particularly if the loads that you're using are reasonable for the person