Music Hey everyone, welcome back to the Barbell Medicine YouTube channel. I'm Dr. Jordan Fagamon. This is training vlog 38. That's right. We're back with a training vlog. I figured it would be a good time to chronicle my preparation for this upcoming meet. It's the 12th of November. So I'm about five and a half weeks out now. This week is the sixth week out. Last week, which is what we'll review here. I was seven weeks out and I'm just going to release videos every week, chronoclean the previous week and we'll go through the meet, go to the meet together and then, you know, recap, after it's done. So pretty excited. It is the USPA Desert Wars meet is just outside of LA. In the middle of November to answer some questions. I am going to be entering the 100 kilo raw class. I usually weigh between 95 or 93 to 95 kilos so to a five to two ten and I'm going to weigh the same. I like this weight. I feel like I'm pretty strong here. I have no desire to really get any bigger and I feel like I can lift what I want to lift at this body weight. So I'm not going to cut any weight to go down to the 90 kilo or 198 pound weight class. I'll just hang out here, walk into the meet and go lift some weights. So it's the open division. So you can use knee sleeves. You can use about wrist wraps, but no knee wraps. And the idea here is I'd like to beat my best total. My previous best total was in 2014 with knee wraps. It was 1795 pounds or 815 kilos. I squatted 640. I benched 430 pounds, which is 195 kilos. And then I deadlifted 725 pounds or approximately 330 kilos. So training actually has been going pretty well. My squat. I was able to beat my all-time best squat PR of 640 pounds. I did that in knee wraps and this time I did it in sleeves. I actually chipped it. So it was 291 kilos, 641 pounds. So that was great. Right, yeah, cool. My bench press has been doing okay. I've been playing a lot of golf recently three to four times a week. And I feel like that's been just generating a lot of upper body fatigue which has kind of been holding my bench press back. So I'm cutting down my golf to once a week until I'm like two or three weeks out from the meat and then I'll just cut golf out. I know like golf is not that stressful that's true. But yeah, as far as upper body fatigue, I probably don't need any extra fatigue compared to all the training I'm doing now. Really excited for next week's training vlog where you get to see what I'm doing this week. Because it's a substantial departure for what from what I normally do leading into a meat. And I'm pretty excited about it. So I think I think things are going to go well. So in any case, my best bench, I think for the the previous block was 187.5 kilos or four eleven. I did that for three singles on that day. And that's a fine place to be going into this final meat prep. And then my deadlift, the first week I switched to a deadlift bar, which does have a little bit of a learning curve. I was able to lift 715 pounds. It's pretty easy single. So a goals for the meat. I just want to beat my best total. 815 kilos. It was my previous best total of 1795 pounds. I'd like to total somewhere in the 84850 range kilos. And then I'd like that's, you know, somewhere in the 1850-ish pounds. I'd like to squat about 295 kilos. That's my goal. So 650 pounds. If I can beat or meet my best bench press in the gym, which is 200 kilos, 440, that'd be fine. I'd beat my best meat bench press. And time I best gym bench press. I just don't feel like there's a ton of upside in my bench press right now. Like 202 is not going to make really a huge difference. And the idea is to maximize total, take what's there, build the best total you can. That's, that's why I'm going to the meat. And then I'd like to pull 340 kilos, which is 748. I've pulled 738 in the gym before. My best meat deadlift is 727. 725. So yeah, we'll see if that's there. If I can hit my numbers, I'm going to be super excited. But like I said, we'll take what's there. See how training goes. And excited for you guys to take this trip with me. Now, this training vlog is going to be a little bit different than previous training vlogs. What we used to do, what I used to do is take questions that you would submit and answer them. You know, there'd be a whole list of citations and a bunch of science going on. We're doing a lot of these Q&A, you know, releases as you've seen on our YouTube channel. So we're doing a lot of the science stuff. And I think that's great. Time to place for that. So let's keep the scientific questions and scientific review stuff kind of separate from this more lifestyle stuff, the training vlogs. And so what I'd like to do is make the training vlog a little more personal. I want to show you guys like this week. We're going to go over what's in my gym bag. What I take to the gym every time I go train. Provided I don't lose my gym bag or forget it in one of my vehicles in the other car. So that'll be this week. I'd love to hear what you want to see on next week's training vlog. So leave a comment below. Otherwise, you know, you're going to see how I make coffee or see what's in the bag for my, that I go golfing with, you know, see what kind of clubs I'm playing with or something. Whatever you want to see, we'll see if we can accommodate that. But it more lifestyle personal stuff. And then we'll keep the Q&A drip and science questions kind of as their own things so that way people can search them and I access them easily rather than them being like buried in a 20 minute training vlog. So yeah, excited to see what you what you come up with. All right, so now let's see what's in my gym bag. Hopefully no surprises. All right. This is my gym bag. It is from Lulu Lemon. I actually don't know the name of the bag. I just know that it's big and it keeps all my stuff in it. So we're just going to crack her open. Yes, he would's in there. So first up, these are the re-box legacy liftor twos. I do change out my shoes quite often, just a new color way or style or interesting design comes out. I do really like these shoes. I've had the Nike Romalayos ones, twos, threes, leather edition. All that stuff I've had the re-box legacy liftor ones. I've had no bulls. I've had a D-dice power perfect twos and threes and adi powers, like all of them. Right. These are my favorite shoes so far. I think they're they're most similar to the Nike Romalayos twos as far as support in the heel cup and the heel elevation but they're lighter. And I like that. They're not perfect. I did the little tab when you pull across with the pull it real tight. I ripped some of the leather off but otherwise I've had these shoes now for almost a year maybe a little bit longer. And yeah, they're going strong. I actually have a brand new pair of the, uh, what if they're the ante, altar? I don't know. I forget the name of them. The weight lifting shoes that I may switch to next just to try them out. But so far these are my favorites. I don't think these are adding any weight to my, to my lifts. I'm outside of using a different type of shoe but these are what I'm lifting with. Straps. So these are wrists straps. I got these from Rogue. I used to have the iron mines so easy, the short wraps. And they were one piece, uh, like sewn together. You can see that these like slide like this. They were actually kind of fixed so there was no like stitching there for to break. Um, but these are fine too. They're nylon. So when you're using these, you're going to want to use a little bit of chalk too. Um, particularly if your hands are sweating or there's not chalk already on the implement. I actually don't know how long these are, but there's one version that's longer than them. Um, I tried to use these on an axle and they're not long enough to use on an axle comfortably anyway. Uh, but I tried to use them in a strong man meat and they were barely long enough for me to use. It worked. I still won the deadlift event. There's a strong man video. If you want to see me do strong man, but uh, these are fine. I don't really like the leather straps in general. They don't feel awesome. They don't smell awesome after a while, but again, my preference would be the iron mine. So easy, uh, wrists, uh, wrist straps, but I lost them. If you if you have them, if you stole them from me, uh, I'll take it back. Uh, right, uh, these are wrist wraps. These are the SBD1 meter, uh, believe they call them firm or stiff that, as far as, uh, yeah, top how stiff they are. Uh, I got these back in 2014. So I know that that was like the first year the SBD came out and, um, they made great products. I liked them. They were like an innovator in the field, because they were the only ones making a left and a right wrist wrap, uh, that was IPF and USAP all approved at the time. Tighten only makes like left sided ones, and I'm like, why can't you just make the left and right wrist wraps? But, um, I really like these. And, uh, yeah, I've had since 2014. I see no reason upgrade the Velcro still holding out holding, uh, well, um, I guess if they come out with another color way that I want, maybe I'll get them or if Pete, if you're watching this, if you want to hook me up with some of the latest SBD gear, that, hey, that'd be great. Uh, right, have a little chalk. This is actually just like a little climbers chalk. I keep it in here in case I go to a gym that doesn't have chalk, um, which is rare, but, you know, find it. I don't love climbers chalk. It's not, I prefer the loose chalk. Um, I don't have a favorite type of chalk other than in fact, it's loose and I can like, you know, rub it on my hands, um, versus like powdering it, but, uh, this will work in a pinch and it's less messy and doesn't get all of my gym bag. So, you need some chalk. Uh, knee sleeves. These are also from SBD. These are the eclipse. These are the black ones. I turn them inside out because, uh, that's how I take them off. Um, these need to be washed. Uh, you guys can't smell this. They don't smell terrible, but these, uh, have been, uh, out of the wash for a couple months now and, uh, they, they're, they're, they're neat. Now, I just put these in my washing machine and I dry them to and I've noticed no decrement over time. I've had a bunch of these pairs of knee, uh, knee sleeves and they're fine. Austin, uh, believe sometimes puts them in a shower. I don't know. And I've heard other people put them in the dishwasher like whatever, whatever you like, just make sure you wash them from time to time. These are, yeah, now a lot better out. I'll probably upload a wash. All right. In other old school stuff, I've got a slingshot. This is one of the original slingshot. This is from like 2015. Um, it's an extra large, um, about 200 or five pounds, 210 pounds, five foot, 10 and a half. And, uh, this is one I use. My best bench is 440. Um, interestingly with the slingshot, I've never actually benched more than my best touching go bench press. I've been able to handle more for reps and definitely on days where I wasn't quite as strong. I've been able to use more weight. Do some overload stuff and definitely does take, uh, some tension and pressure off the chest and shoulders at the, you know, bottom end of the range of motion. But I've never actually like been able to bench like 450 or 60 or anything like that in this. I just use it as a training tool. Um, and yeah, so, is it my best single on a regular bench press is apparently quite well developed. And I really haven't done a lot of singles in a slingshot. It's not really how I train with the slingshot. Uh, another pair of knee sleeves. I don't know why I have a second pair in here other than I just forgot to take them out. But these blue ones, um, also probably need to be washed. Uh, they go well with our singlets. We found a bunch of singlets when we were moving warehouses. So we have SBD singlets, um, that are brand-out barbell medicine, um, over on a website. There's a link in the description below. If you guys are having a meet, they are approved for all federations. Uh, and our logo is too. And, uh, yeah, if you want to rep us at a meet, get one of our singlets. Uh, this belt is a best belt's prime cut 13 millimeters thick single prong. I've had this belt since 2012, uh, and the meet first meet I used this in. I weighed in 178.6 pounds. The center on this used at the sticker. Yeah, the center on this was cut on 29 and a half inches. And I'm still using the same belt even though my waist is now 31 inches. I think something like that when I measured it last on camera for how to measure your waist video and article. Um, so yeah, this belt is fine. When I tell people to get belts, I just have get a 4 inch wide 13 millimeter thick belt. If you want to lever belt, that's fine. I don't particularly like lever belts. Um, single prong is what I prefer. I don't see an advantage to a double prong, other than it's kind of a little bit more difficult to latch in. But if that's your preference, I won't argue with you about it. You can live a full and complete life with one prong, two prongs, no prongs. Do your thing. I don't like Velcro belts outside of maybe a Olympic weight lifting, but even that I would prefer one of the old leather thinner belts with the single prong. But yeah, people you have used Velcro belts and success with success. I just for powerlifting. I've busted a lever lever belt and I've definitely seen belts come on done, uh, that are Velcro in squats and that seems concerning. Okay. What else we got in here? I got a pair of bands. Um, sometimes I do banded work. Um, and I just want to pair of bands that are matched meaning like they're the same level of like stretched outness. There's a technical term for that, but it is eluding me right now. So I just have a pair of mini bands. I use mini bands on pretty much everything. Um, if I'm using, if I'm doing banded work. So squats against bands, um, deadlift against bands. I pretty much always use these. Sometimes I'll use micro minis on the bench press. Um, but the idea is you would have like about 20% of your one rep max in accommodating resistance, whether that's chains, bands, et cetera. And, uh, these depending on how you anchor them if they're doubled up, single up. Uh, yeah, you're getting about that. And again, I just don't want one side of the bar to be like, wow, that's way harder and the other one's way easier because one band people use to stretch with all the time and the other band has been sitting there. So I just have my own carry them around pretty pretty portable. What else isn't here? I got another pair of wrist traps. There's same SPD ones. These are actually new. Um, I thought I lost my old pair and I was so bummed about it, but then I found them. It's a recurring theme. I think I lose something and then have to replace it. But yeah, these are brand new. I just never use them because I just like my old ones. If the Velcro starts to fail, at least I got to pair them back up. Um, these were given to me as a gift. These are SPD wrist traps. These are the smaller, like, flexible ones. If I had to do like front squads or Olympic weight lifting or something like that, I'd probably use these. Um, a little bit more flexibility rather than a full cast around the wrist. But since I don't do those, I don't ever use these. What else? Shh. I have some pink athletic tape that I use if I tear my hand open or otherwise need to cover something on my hand. Um, so use that. This is just K tape. Can you see a tape? Um, I just find it as a little more flexible and it's kind of sticks to the hand a little bit better than like regular white athletic tape. But you may have a different preference. What else? Oh, it looks like a baby powder thing when often here because I think that's exactly what happened. But I believe I threw that away. There's nothing in that one. All right, what do I have over here? AirPods. These are what I use. They stick in my ears at maximum attempts. They are noise canceling. They're fine. I've had beats that've had the regular AirPods. I've had the, what was it like fly wire or something like that? Some other brand. They're all fine, right? But these are just convenient. I use them when I'm lifting, when I'm working, um, when I'm on a plane, whatever, and pretty versatile. So I keep these in the bag. Nothing else in there. Just curious like did I leave anything in here? Oh, I got some smelling salt. Yeah, cool. I don't have to buy this for the meat. So I only use smelling salt at a meat on 30th. I don't use it in the gym. Even under testing situations, I just find like I want to keep that in the meat for the meat for 30th times where it really, really matters. It just really doesn't matter in the gym. Not to say that, you know, PRs in the gym are important, but it's like, you know, the money's online, the win is online. I just want to have that little extra, you know, final gear to shift into. That said, if you've never used it before and you want to like see if you like it or not, you can use it the gym. That's fine. Um, I just don't use it for everything all the time. Otherwise, you know, where is that next level you can take things to? I think that's it. So that's what's in my gym bag. Hopefully you found some of that interesting. Oh, oh, yeah. The final thing I bring to the gym is this camera. This is definitely overkill. This is a Sony A7R4. I have another camera that I'm filming. This thing on this YouTube video on, but yeah, this is what I take to the gym. Sony A7R4. It's got a size 50 millimeter 1.4 lens on there. That's what makes me look half way presentable. When I'm lifting weights, got a road video mic pro mic on there and then this is a newer tripod. And it like extends and whatever. All right. So now let's take a look at this past week's training, again, a seven weeks out last week, six weeks out this week. So last week was actually a D load week. It was my first D load week in about 20 weeks. So the previous mesocycle is actually very productive. And so before we kind of dive into the lifts, I actually did just a brief word on D load weeks. I don't think that we should be taking D load weeks on a regularly scheduled basis. Unless there's like a firm concrete, not arbitrary date that you need to peak for a meet a test competition, something like that, and need to transition your training before that to prepare adequately for that test meeting. If it's a pilot meeting, you're doing more singles, you're specializing the training to the movements that you're going to be tested on, stuff like that. If you don't have to do that, or if your test is kind of flexible, meaning that you could go test your lifts in the gym whenever you want to, I don't think that you need to plan D loads. If your training is working for you right now, you're highly motivated for what you're doing, like carry on until proven otherwise. On the other hand, there are two basic categories that like would prompt me to give somebody a D load one is psychological and one is physiological. So psychological, if somebody is bored, they are not motivated, or they are otherwise like having compromised adherence or really stagnant with respect to their attitudes towards training. Hey, let's change training up and two transition into that next block. Let's do a D load week. On the physiology side, I'm thinking more like persistent soreness fatigue, maybe an injury, or pain that thing that's kind of crept up and we need to transition anyways into something that more meets the person where they're at. But the idea is that if your programming regularly requires D loads like every fourth week, I don't know that the thing is programmed very well. A lot of our templates do have regularly programmed D load weeks. But the idea is that we're trying to build a template for the general population and on average, most mesocycles that are well programmed are going to last somewhere between four to eight weeks depending on the goal and the population that you're applying the training to. But like I said, my previous mesocycle lasted 20 weeks. And again, the only reason we kept running it with just small tweaks here and there to maybe movements and maybe total training stress, yeah, it just kept working. So if your training is working and you're motivated and you're not having this persistent fatigue or soreness or anything else that's compromising your training, like carry on. That would be my recommendation. Okay, so with that out of the way, what are the goals of A D load week? What you'd like to do is to prepare the individual or that lifter for the next training block, whether there's new movements, new rep schemes, stuff like that. That's a good place to kind of introduce those things. So that way they can hit the ground running. Another thing that is pretty consistent across all different types or styles of D load weeks is to reduce the amount of fatigue that the individual is carrying so they can be more fresh leading into the next training block. And so what you're going to see is a reduction in training stress, training stress being the training intensity. So how heavy it is, the training volume, you're going to see market reductions and usually both of those things. And though the reduction in sort of training stress typically leads to a reduction in training load, which leads to a decrease in fatigue. Now the thing is if you just did nothing, no training at all. The problem with it isn't that you wouldn't dissipate fatigue. You certainly would. The problem is that you're also decaying a lot of the fitness adaptations or reducing a lot of the fitness adaptations that you previously built over your previous training block or blocks. And so you'd like to preserve those to the best of your ability. So we're talking about things like strength. We're talking about things like power, things like lean body mass, cardiovascular risk perifitness of those power and strength probably are the ones most likely to decay without any sort of training because of the skill component there. Meaning that you're unlikely to after-feed significantly, even if you don't train for a week, provided you're eating enough protein and not, you know, confined to bed rest or ill, same thing with cardiovascular fitness. But you can definitely get weaker, noticeably weaker in a week if you're not doing any sort of training, just because of the high skill nature of resistance training, particularly maximal force production at low velocities or like power lifting. Same thing, a little bit with a Olympic weightlifting or power sort of exercises like that that do have a high skill component. So in this context, in a D-load week, you'd like to give people a little bit of strength work to maintain their strength, right? Make sure they get a pretty decent pump, get some blood flow, and overall lower training stress so that they can be less fatigue for the next training block. And that's what we're going to see this week in my D-load week. All right, so this is a day one, pretty much every training day. There's a bench, there's a squat and then some sort of pull or row. So this one's supposed to work up to a set of 10 at 8, believe this is 320. Again, I guess that my bench hasn't been feeling great and I believe I did this on Tuesday because I played golf on Monday because it was D-load week and, you know, no, this is on Monday and I played golf on Sunday. Anyway, 320 for 10, pretty decent. Then I moved on to deadlifts. This is supposed to do 70% for 1 set of 4. I think this is 535, which is about 70%. And yeah, this is fine. I probably should have used callers. That's how lazy I am. And yeah, no surprises there. And then finally finished off with this high row. Now I was supposed to do pull downs, but the gym that I used to go to was sell it has sold nearly all of its equipment or at least a good chunk of it. So this is as close as I could get. I could have done 10ly rows. It could have done lever rows or dumbbell rows, but I thought hey, like a lap pull down. It's kind of vertical. It's used machine. It's low or supposed to be lower fatigue. I can do this with this high hammer rope. So this is day two. First time using a squat bar. So that's kind of funky. This is 515 because the bar is 25 kilos. And again, I'm supposed to do a set of 5 at 8. And based on the velocity of the first rep and the second rep I'm like, oh, easy day. And I think honestly, again, the d-load mentality just kind of gets in your brain or like, nah, I'm going to mail it in. So I didn't even brace for that fourth rep really. And then fifth rep. I did decided to brace, but then yeah, this little struggle there. That's probably more of a 7, but I didn't want to go up. Then on this day, so again doing some funky stuff, Mike actually had me squatting 30% for 40 seconds straight. And then it was 40 seconds or 30 seconds, something like that. I think it was 40 seconds. And you take a minute break and do three rounds. So I'm not going to show you all of that stuff. So we'll just fast forward through this. But that's what I'm doing here. And let me tell you, uncomfortable. Very uncomfortable. Okay. The next exercise that I did was feet up bench. And I was supposed to work up to again 5 at 8. That's some of that strength maintenance stuff. This is 3 20 again, but with my feet up rather than feet down. So 5 at 8. And yeah, that looks hard enough. And then again, same sort of thing, 40 seconds, 30% of the one RM just keep moving. I'm not going to show you all of this, but I will tell you that 135 was very humbling at the end for this power lifter. And all right. And the next exercise I did after this, after that was that high pull down again for the 40 seconds of effort at 30% minute break by 3 rounds. So that was the end of day two. This is day three. I'm doing cannibal squats or plat squats. So my heels are elevated. And I'm supposed to be doing my reps. I'm just going to show you the first set of 15. This is 140 kilos, 308. And so with this, heels are elevated. Trying to push the knees as far forward as possible. I wish you would have brought my lifting shoes, but I changed gyms and I forgot my gym bag and my other car. So just doing these. First time ever doing them, they're okay. I think I could stay more vertical, but again, just more strength, maintenance stuff, get a pump, can't confirm. He started feeling very uncomfortable. So I did 15 here at 140. And then I did two sets of four after that. And I was like, yeah, that's enough. And then I did a second mile rep where I did 12 reps and the one set of four and was tired. All right. Second exercise. I was done bell bench. So the idea was just work up to set of 15 at RP-8. Do a couple sets there. So use 100. This is heavy as they go. So yeah, nothing special here. The exercise after this was a seated row mile rep, which I'm not showing you that because it's very boring. But this is D-Load. We basically each day I did some sort of squat or lower extremity dominant exercise. I did a bench press and I did some sort of row. And I made it challenging by either doing a mile rep or higher rep sets, set like an eight. Or I would do some strength maintenance thing, which is like a 10 at eight or five at eight. And then the back off work was this timed interval set where you're just working for 40 seconds. Or you could do a circuit, you know, where you're doing, like 30% four or five to 10 reps of squat, bench, deadlift, or squat, bench, row or something like that. All right. So that's a wrap on training vlog 38. Thank you so much for joining me on the barbell minus YouTube channel. If you liked the video, like you actually liked it, like click like. Let me know. Let the algorithm know. Leave us a comment below. Subscribe for all the latest updates and videos. You can turn the notification thing on if you're into that. And then let me know in the comments below what you want to see next time. It'll be training vlog 39. It'll be six weeks out. And I'm really excited to show you this different type of training leading into the meat. It's a lot more training volume that I'm used to doing at this point and pretty excited to see how it works and to take you along for the ride. So in any case, thanks for joining me. Catch you next time.