Hey everyone, welcome back to the Barbell Medicine YouTube channel where we bring modern medicine to strengthen conditioning and strengthening conditioning to modern medicine. I'm your host, Dr. Jordan Fagginbaum, and this is training vlog number 34. I want to apparel with you, meet, and I want to bring you guys with me. All right, walking to the East San Diego FedEx, but we're going to weigh in. Actually, right down the street from my place, like a 20-minute walk, so I figured, get some steps in today. Enjoy the scenery and sounds of San Diego, so try to figure out where this thing is, go in. I'm going to guess 205, 205, 205 something like that. We'll see how right I will. I don't want no cover, I want change. I don't want the second, I want dance. I'm burning my ass where I'm all right. I'm in moving like a hug. All right, just wait in, 93.6 kilos, so 205, I've got a lot. I'm going to go home each second practice, the day is morning, and yeah, chill out, rest day, come back tomorrow, and you can do it. So obviously, I did not cut to the 90 kilo or 1.98 class, like I normally do, rather I just wait in when I normally weigh in at, which is about 93 kilos or 205. I'm about 5, 10, and I just walk around at 200 to 205. It's my normal walking around weight, and I just didn't want to cut for this meat. Rather, I was more focused on the performance at this meat. I really had some all-time PRs that I wanted to hit, and I just didn't want to mess around with cutting. In fact, I just ate what I normally ate throughout the week. I ate breakfast the morning before I weighed in. Could I have cut to 90 kilos? Sure, it probably wouldn't have been a big deal. So the reality is I just didn't want to add any extra stress to this meat. It was super convenient. Going to this meat right down the street for me, I walked there. The venue is nice. A lot of people there, big crowd. So yeah, it was going to be a lot of fun. I didn't want to, like, sell it any of that by cutting weight. Well, I ever go back down in the 90 kilo or 1.98 class again. Maybe it really just depends on what the focus is on the meat. If I want to be competitive to win the meat or win best-lifter, which is usually scored on Wilkes or something like that, or set an all-time top 20 total in a particular weight class. Yeah, obviously, I would want to do that at the lightest bodyweight possible with the highest total. That means that I don't know that those are my goals right now. Rather, I just have some numbers that I want to hit. So for the foreseeable future, I'll probably just weigh in at my normal walking around bodyweight. And as I keep trying to add lean body mass, slowly, but surely try to get a little bit stronger. I don't know that my body weight is actually going to try and down. All right, day of the meat. And to the actual spot where we're going to live, but we're in the middle of a fit expo, convention center. It's like a ghost town in here right now. Like, where's everybody at? Where are all the fit spos? I don't smell the white rain and I don't see any glitter dust in the air coming up on the venue. Here we go. That's it. That's where we're going to be. So get a setup changed. And now ready to do battle today. All right, so we'll start out here on the squad attempts. All right, so we start off this is 260 kilos, 5, 7, E3. Now Leah's filming from the front using my camera. There's like this barrier though. So some of the videos are actually cut like at the bottom. There's been nice pan down, but we have some side views that Claire took Claire. Zai was actually handling me. She's a big help. You see her in the background there. She's actually competing this weekend. So good luck to Claire. Good depth. Good speed. I can't see my feet. So I want to see if I actually shifted back at all, but yeah, good squad. Nice way to open. And so from there, I jumped to 272.5. But let's watch this again from the side. So again, this is 260 or 573. Good walkout. Probably too many steps, but that's just, you know, what I like. That is good. Yeah, no problems there. Okay, so second attempt was 272.5. Just trying to get that bar nice and low on my back. I have a tendency to sometimes have it a little high, like about a half inch high. It's not so great. This is 600 pounds, 601. You notice I look up to get the squad command. And so yeah, from this angle, I mean, that's pretty good speed there for 600. I wish that guy would stop touching me. It was kind of weird. But actually, miss that squad. So it was two reds to one white. They said that I was at parallel. Did I didn't quite go low enough. So we'll check it out from the side. This is again, not that greatest angle because it looks like it's above hit level and also from behind. So it can kind of lie to you. Preferting goes directly from the side if you're going to look at depth, right at hip height. But we'll check this out. It keeps touching me on my belt. I wish I don't like that. Yeah, so I mean, I agree that it wasn't buried certainly. And so I agree with the ruling. So I stayed the same. I was hoping to get up to 280 on my squad. So, you know, it took some San kilos off. But I just repeated 601 again. This is 2002 and a half kilos. And, you know, the problem after you get called on depth, I've never been called on depth for my entire life. Is that it's hard to do the same squad. You really want to focus on depth. So yeah, much slower tempo. And then, you know, that's probably harder than I wanted it to be. But I got depth. I got three whites. And I was pretty psyched about that. Yeah. So that's a meat PR for me in knee sleeves. So the most I've ever done in a full powerlifting meat prior to this was actually 573 in knee sleeves. So that was a 27 pound PR. And we'll watch this again from the side. So yeah, I had to go much slower just to make sure that I got down there didn't rebound off that. But yeah, that was a good squad. Three whites. So went into bench. Opened up here. This is 185. Give my grip set. Set the arch. Yeah, so no problems there. I felt like that was, you know, right on par for my open or should be. So this is 190 2.5 or 30. I've actually hit this in a neat twice before. Clairs give me good handoffs. Yep, good pause. And I thought that was pretty easy. I thought that moved very well. So I rated that like a 8.5. So after one 92.5 moved so well. Jump up to 197.5. Just wanted to make a nice conservative jump. Yeah, touched a little low there. Yeah, that makes sense. Then this is actually the first time I've watched any of these videos. So yeah, the bench thing, I hit 190 2.5, 430 in competition twice prior to this meet. So once in 2014 and once in the meet in May, and I missed 190 5 at the meet in May. Bench actually this training cycle didn't go that well. So 197.5 out of taking that meet PR that have been great. I've hit 240 in training before and I didn't want to get greedy. As fast as 190 2.5 moved, I had considered calling for 200. So I would have put me on track or at least back on track towards hitting or a tie in my best total. And any event, I thought 197.5 is going to be conservative on that particular app. I just touched too low and I think it's just too heavy to mess up. So that was me. That was my fault on that one. So definitely one thing to work on going forward. You know, just in addition to getting stronger, but just making sure to execute. Would not recommend touching the bar to low at PR or near PR levels. All right, so moving on to deadlift. This is 305, 672. This ties my best triple in the gym. Pretty conservative. Opener, I do like making big jumps on the deadlift. So let's check this out. Yep, pretty good. Move fast. You see I get one red in the background. My right knee apparently wasn't locked all the way up. I'll take the two to one decision. I was a decent pull. So that being said, my warm-up's actually didn't feel that great. And on the platform, that didn't feel that great either. So my plan was to jump to 330, which is 727. But it's then I jumped at 325, which is 716. Effectively, I thought 325 would be a hard rep, but not a limit rep. And then 335 would have probably been my max for the day. That was the plan. So next attempt here was 325. Little, little barking during the walk-up. And smile. Got a smile. You know, you're supposed to be having fun. See how this looks. Yeah, it's a little a little forward. The bar is a little forward. Off the floor. Probably made it feel a little slower. Yeah, but I got 3 lights pumped about that. Yeah, so I jumped actually to 330 because again, 325 didn't feel like this total smoke show where it's like, oh, you have so much left in the tank. You could go tie your best training pull. So I thought again, I'd be conservative and just go to 330. So that's the plan. 330 is loaded on the bar. That's 727. My best pull in a meet is 725. So what have been two pound PR? Although those were not on calibrated kilo plates. So the further the plates are spaced up off the bar, the more it'll whip and calibrated kilo plates don't take up that much space on the bar. So there's some discrepancy there. Yeah, net bar. I mean, I'm just behind the bar. I can tell super frustrating. Honestly, deadless were going the best out of any of my lifts all throughout training. I pulled 700, a number of times in training. I had rep PRs. I hit an all-time PR of 3305 kilo 738. The next one is the one that's been on the top of the bar. The next one is the one that's been on the top of the bar. The next one is the one that's been on the top of the bar. The next one is the one that's been on the top of the bar. And yeah, so deadless were just going super well. I'll unsure why things felt like they did at this meet. So overall, the meet was good, but not great. And that's kind of what I told Claire and Leah and anybody who's been asking, you know, hey, how to go. It was a good meet, but not a great meet. I performed well. I said a squat PR. My total went up about 50 pounds from the last meet I did in May. So I can't be upset about it. I'm just not satisfied with the numbers that I was actually shooting for and that my training actually kind of indicated. First, having to take my second squat again because it was high. It didn't rattle me. It just definitely threw me off the plan. The plan was to try to go up to 280 kilos. That would have set me up for success there. So it was problematic having to repeat 272.5 because I already I was in a hole. So definitely want to work on making sure that each rep that I do no matter if it's a rep effort set or pin squats or competition squats that all them are done to competition depth. I mean, sometimes this happens. I've never been called on depth before. So it was really surprising, but you know, it do be like that sometimes. On bench, my bench actually was not going very well in training. The heavyest bench that I had performed in training was actually 192.5. In contrast, my bench training prior to the meet in May, I'd actually pin benched 200 kilos. So things weren't going terribly well. Like, oh my gosh, I'm going to set an all-time bench PR at this meet. But that being said, at the meet, things really did come together for my bench press. 192.5 felt so good. 197.5. I was sure that was going to go. And honestly, if I wouldn't attach it to low for what I made a technical error, I think it would have been there. So that's my bad. I really do like the taper that I did for my bench for this particular meet. So I think I'll use that again. I do think that the training leading up to the meet is going to be a little different with a little bit more volume. And maybe use some of the variations that I prefer a little bit more like pin bench. I didn't use this time around where I did use like a five-count pause bench. I did bench with chains this time around where as last time I was using the sling shot a little bit more. So I think I'll have some variations be changed and then I'll still use the same taper. The OXER worked really well. Squat programming I think was spot on, squat taper, spot on. The only real thing that was confusing to me was my deadlift. I'd pull that 738 in training that felt so good and then to get to the meet and my deadlift was kind of flat. I mean even during warmups. And I don't know if I was just tired, you know, just from the squat, from the bench press and then being at the meet. It seems unlikely. I mean I have a few squat bench deadlift days in training. So there one option would be to increase the frequency of doing the squat bench deadlift days to make sure the conditioning is on point and that kind of use to doing those when you go to the meet. So that's one option. And then to the taper I use this time for my deadlift. I don't think that I would do that again. One thing that I've been worrying about is we're thinking about the least is that like the more well-trained you become, the better you are at tolerating the training, general and recovering from the training. I was worried that if I didn't pull anything during the week leading up to the meet that I actually would get significantly weaker, detrained a little bit. And the meet was on Sunday. So on Monday actually pulled my opener and then I pulled some backoffs like five, sixty-one or something like that. Some sets of five and I didn't think anything of it. And you know, maybe it doesn't mean anything but I know that traditionally my taper on the deadlift is I actually don't pull anything that last week. When I get to let my hands heal up too, I just typically have not done any pulls and I get to kind of recover a little bit better by not pulling. So I think the next meet I'm just not going to pull the week before the meet. Even if it is on a Sunday, I just, you know, that's worked well for me historically. I just, you know, thought this time maybe maybe take it up a notch with respect to performance. So I messed that one up. That's on me. And maybe some more squat bench deadlift days and we talked about squat at the bench already. So overall, good meet. Not a great meet. Still chasing this 1800 pound unicorn total. So I'd like to do that and we'll look for a meet maybe first quarter 2020. Got a lot of travel coming up. A lot of barbell medicine events. Hope to see you guys there. But yeah, we'll plan for something first quarter 2020. Take another run at this 1800 pound total. And then finally you guys write so many funny comments on these videos most of the time. Most of the time they're funny or they're questions. So we answer them. But I wanted to read some of them because these are great. So this is from the last training vlog. Druce saying he says, I lose brain cells when you don't post vlogs. I lose brain cells when I don't post vlogs or maybe I lose brain cells when I'm editing the vlogs because I stare at the screen for too long. I don't know. But I'm going to keep posting them. If I start getting done or just let me know. Huff entry says, could to see you Jordan and your parents on the iron culture podcast was great by the way. I enjoy it when you mingle with other fitness personality and expose them to barbell medicines approach. Thanks man. Yes. So I was on the iron culture podcast with Omar Isof and Dr. Eric Helms and Dr. Quinn Henach and Nick and Omar Isof. It was a good time. So if you guys haven't checked that episode out, it's literally all about pain. And we talk about the biosec social model, the biomedical model. And there's a lot of practical little pearls in there. And apologies to Nick and advance. I've forgotten your last name and I'm recording this thing and I know your great guy. I'm sorry. It's a really cool episode though. So check to check that out. Back to basics says, I'm just saying, grow your beard out. It will definitely add 10 kilos to your current lifts. Like if I had a beard that came down here, I just feel like as much as I travel, I don't want to be on a TSA no fly list. I feel like, you know, it's got potential. So maybe, but you know, Alan does fine. So maybe if we had matching beards, people would either think that we're easy top or, you know, I'd be fine. So maybe, maybe. And any of that, thank you guys so much for watching the Barbell Medicine YouTube channel. Thanks for watching this vlog. Make sure to subscribe if you want to stay up to date with all latest content. Leave a comment below. I might read them on our next vlog. And then if you want to submit your own form checks, your own questions, anything like that to be answered right here on this YouTube channel. Send them over to mediabarbometasand.com. If you're sending them over a lifting video, please turn your phone sideways. Okay, make landscape, ideally 1080p higher. And send me a set of like 5, 6 multiple reps, not just a single. And yeah, if it's good, we'll put it on the old YouTube channel and give you a form check. So anyway, thank you guys so much for watching. Catch you next time. See you.