Music Hey everyone, welcome back to the Barbell Medicine YouTube channel. I'm Dr. Jordan Fyganbaum. This is Training Vlog 40. We're recapping my training from five weeks out prior to my meat. In addition, we'll talk about progressive loading, versus progressive overload. And first, we're going to place them golf. If you don't like golf, just skip the next 10 minutes of the video, get to the good stuff that you might like, but if you are in the golf, you're going to see me swing a golf club. We're going to do it. All right. We're out here at Journey Pachenga to vacuillitis my favorite course in San Diego area. That's not three pines. Yeah, we're going to place them golf. All right, here at Journey Pachenga started out number one of the par, uh, the four, 476 yards. Pretty straight, although every time it goes off to the right. So if you're trying to go down the left side, get the windman. You got to set it. Absolutely perfect. As requested down the left side, and it will actually start taking off to a right a little bit. This is Leonard, my father, making his debut here. The barbell medicine YouTube channel. Yeah, 26 off the tee into the fan. And I'm not really rolling. It's kind of soggy out here. Got 175, front, 200 to stick, begin into it. Some of take a six-nine. The trouble is left. The bunker, long as dead. Check it out on the front here. But we're in the fairway. All right, we're two over through. This is six, or this is seven. Whatever, two over. Okay, I have a really good plan on it all over. My last round before. Anyway, this is maybe one of the signature holes out here. So this is the mechula. I don't know if you guys can see maybe the fairway down there. This bunker is down the left. You've been flirting with those bunkers. You're dead. We're just going to try to go over the bunker that bar bunker on the right. Go over it. Catch the speed slot. We can't even want to play honestly on that. I think the last time that I caught that speed slot is like 394. Long way. It'd be good. They got. Yep, fighting center. And step in here. Just stop at the top. About 120 yards in. We'll be good luck for the first. We got 137 stick, and back, down, hill, down, wind, wind off the left. What are they saying? Give it your best shot. Look at those goodCheerberg. Two minutes underground at ½t and these walls. This building is a huge difference with 165 total. Six thirds left street. One keymer. Six out of air clearance Berryen, as you can tell. Like I said, it was the overhead level. I was trying to realize what area it's gonna be. And the on board of the truck ya'll be beating for 250 feet. All right. There's the original daddy. All right. Pop. Yes. You bet. I told someone over for nine. I wish I could say the same. Yeah, they have to add a zero to it. At least a drivable par four. So we'll do this whole two and then 18. I think everything is just fine. We're out here together. Chango. That's also three eleven. We're here. I don't want to go over the clock. I think I can carry it all the way there. But I don't think we can do that. Three eleven carry it in. Pretty. It works down. So we're playing nice. We're going to get all the other side of the street. We'll call it golf management. All right. So get it on to the first cut here. But you guys see the stick over there. So see if we can play something. I don't know. Get it close. All right. We're here in 18. It's getting dark. We had it back to even. Getting dark. It is getting dark. We'll win the yellow collar. Yeah. Now we're five over. Hey. Three bogies and a double. Back nine is not looking great. But hey, teen. We are having fun though. Oh yeah. All right. 18. 431 yards. Maybe see that bunker back right. We're trying to go left with that. You can carry it all the way up there. You have like a hundred yards shot in. You fall down, though. I get par. 277. Great. So we're about three ten off the tee. Got a hundred and twenty nine left of stick. And back like a little swell front of it. It's a little downwind. I'm going to hit a gap wedge. Try to fly it. One twenty five just right of the stick. And like I said, get out of here with the car. I think good. Just like that. See that just like that. All right. So pretty good round out there at Pachanga again with my handicap and how difficult that course is. Braking 80 is a great score out there for me. It's really challenging and so is happy to be able to put it together on camera. We'll nervous not going to lie. But yeah, I love golf. It's great to get out there and especially do to play with my dad. Um, ton of fun. I picked it up about two years ago. And I was playing about three to four times a week. Uh, tapered down to once per week. The last few weeks getting ready for this meat. And then now I'm on no golf for the last three weeks prior to the meat. Um, so yeah, we'll get back to it after the meat. And so if you watch that and, uh, you know, yeah, I know I need some work on the swing. Um, work with a coach trying to get a little more shallow, a little more from the inside. And, uh, fix some nasty habits I picked up when I first picked up the game. I'll get about two years ago. But yeah, I can get around a course. Okay. And, uh, if you liked that, let me know in the comments below. Uh, let me know what you want to see next week. Um, for training this week. Because the time thing. Okay. So training from five weeks out will get to it just here in the middle of the day. Just here in a second. But first I want to talk about progressive loading versus progressive overload. So in the context of strength training, I think the central tenet of progressive loading is that you're able to increase the weight on the bar while keeping the rest of the program. All of the other constraints the same. That is the reps scheme, the volume, the rest periods, the range of motion, the exercise, etc. Uh, and including the rate of perceived exertion or what other subjective metric or even objective if you're using a velocity tracker or something. You're able to keep those things the same from work out to work out and increase the weight. That is a demonstrable increase in performance. You're able to progressively load the person. So increase the training stimulus without necessarily altering the training stress. The training stress is about the same. So this is going to require us to go over some definitions. So let's talk about those now. First definition is going to be training stimulus. These are the nuts and bolts of a program like the exercises, the reps schemes, the rep ranges, the intensity, rest periods, the tempo of the movement or velocity, range of motion, etc. This can also be conceptualized as the external load. The training stress is the resultant load placed upon the individual based on their current level of fitness and performance potential and everything that goes into that. Like their mood, their training expectations, nutrition status, fatigue, etc. This can also be classified as the internal load and can be measured by rate of perceived exertion, changes in heart rate, etc. Fitness adaptations are the positive, physiological, and psychological effects of exercise, like strength, hypertrophy, cardiovascular fitness, improved cognitive performance, etc. Fatigue can be conceptualized as the negative, physiological, and psychological effects of exercise. Things like soreness, muscle damage, reduced force production, tiredness, etc. Performance potential is the ratio or balance of fitness adaptations relative to fatigue at any given point in a specific environment for completing a particular task. Thus, training stimulus produces a given training stress that is unique to the individual, which subsequently results in both fitness adaptations and fatigue. If, over a given period of time, fatigue is greater than fitness adaptations, performance declines even if fitness adaptations are accruing. They're just being hidden or cloaked by fatigue. If fitness adaptations are greater than the resulting fatigue, performance potential can be realized if the environment is correct. Overall, the goal of training is to develop and realize fitness adaptations over time. So how does this fit in with progressive overload? The principle of progressive overload suggests that the human body must be continually challenged by greater and greater training stimuli over time in order to drive fitness adaptations. If taking at face value, I would pretty much agree with that. Though I think in practice, this gets misunderstood and misapplied, because really the adaptation rate determines the rate at which the training stimuli must increase. Rather than the increase in training stimuli determining the adaptation rate. In other words, applying the right dose of training stimulus based on individual's goals, their current fitness and performance levels, the environment and so on, is of primary importance. If the increase in training stimulus occurs too quickly, we're likely to also get too much fatigue on board, which reduces performance potential, can increase injury risk and may not actually lead to greater fitness adaptations anyway. Similarly, if we increase the training stimulus too slowly, the rate of fitness adaptation accrual will be decreased. In both cases, if the training stimulus is not matched to the individual's current fitness and performance potential, they're unlikely to get the best results. That can also work in reverse, that in order to get the best results, the training stimulus must be matched to the individual's current fitness and performance potential. In other words, the person's adaptation rate, which is reflected at any given point by their performance potential, should determine the training stimulus for the day. Because we have tools that allow us to determine an individual's performance potential on a given day, things like RPE, Reps and Reserve, Barvelocity, we're able to tailor the training stimulus on every training session for every movement in order to get the right dose. If fitness adaptations have accrued relative to fatigue, then an individual will be able to add something like weight, reps, reduced rest periods, something like that, while keeping the rest of the program the same. In other words, training stimulus has gone up while training stress has stayed about the same. So RPE has stayed the same, heart rate change has stayed the same, barvelocity has stayed the same. Again, the performance potential should determine the appropriate training stimulus on a given day. So what does this look like in practice? On the left, you have me squatting 600 pounds on the right, you have me squatting 6006, there are one week apart. The barvelocity is the same. I'm still doing the same reps, came it's a single rep. The RPE was about the same. I rated them both at about RPE 8 7 1.5 something like that. And so effectively, this is a demonstrable increase in performance potential that has then determined the training stimulus, the load on the bar. Because everything else about the program is static. If I had had an even greater increase in performance potential, I'd add even more weight to the bar. If I would have a decrease in performance potential, I'd have to take weight off the bar. And if my performance potential didn't increase at all, I would have to repeat the weight. And that's fine. Again, it is the performance potential, which is a proxy for the adaptation rate that determines the appropriate training stimulus. Not the training stimulus and increase in training stimulus determining the adaptation rate. Alright, last example is going to be my deadlift here. So we have 705 on the left, 7 17 on the right, doing them both for a single. They should be about RPE 8 and we'll look at the barvelocity. They're about the same. If not, maybe a little faster on the 7 17. Again, this represents a demonstrable increase in performance potential, which is then determined the training stimulus. So why do it this way versus just adding weight to the bar indiscriminately or changing weight on the bar or changing rep schemes indiscriminately? And by indiscriminately, I mean irrespective of what the RPE is, what the RIR is, what the velocity of the barvelocity is. Well, the point is that if you are generating too much fatigue out of proportion to the fitness adaptations on board, then the reality is you're trying to maximize performance on a given training session. And for most training sessions, particularly ones that are far away from a competition, a test, a need. You're really trying to just generate as many fitness adaptations as possible over time without generating too much fatigue. If you're generating all this fatigue, just so you can have the max performance on a single session, but that session wasn't really that important, that's kind of a waste. And so I think that most of your sessions should be sub-maximal, should be not too fatiguing, and you can only go to the well so many times before it goes dry. You'll see an example of me going to the well and overshooting and trying to force weight on the bar. And I think that's appropriate when you're getting ready for a test or a meat, and you can only do it for a short period of time because again, the fatigue cost is very, very high. The meat coming up though, I'm willing to kind of do that in some settings, not obviously all of my lifts that would not work, even though I'm getting really close to the meat, but here and there, I'm okay with making that compromise. But if I was 16 weeks out, 20 weeks out or had no meat on the schedule, I wouldn't do that at all because again, all I'm doing is trying to maximize the performance of a single session with, you know, disregard to other upcoming sessions or past sessions. Again, the fatigue that I'm going to generate is just out of proportion to the potential fitness adaptations. Again, the take home from this is that your adaptation rate, and we can use a proxy performance potential to determine that, is what's going to determine the change in training stimulus, not the increase or change in training stimulus determining the adaptation rate. So hopefully that makes more sense from what progressive loading is, and I think where people get off track is when they hear the term overload, they're like, oh, I have to do more. It has to overload the body. Really, it all has to do is stress the body enough to drive the fitness adaptations that you want. And principally, it can't drive too much fatigue because if it does, then you're not going to realize those fitness adaptations anyway. So maybe we should just call it progressive loading and get over this whole progressive overload thing. I don't know. Let me know what you guys think in the comments. I'll talk about it more. We do have a podcast on this and I've linked that in the description below. Maybe we'll write a long form article on this if you guys want. Let me know here thoughts. Finally, let's get into some training from last week, again, five weeks out, and I'll be interested to hear what you guys think about next week's vlog with the training from four weeks out. It gets a little dice in there. All right, so this is day one starting off again. It's a score up or so this is 275 kilos or 606. I'm going to do this for a single. I had done 600 of the week before pretty happy with how that move that might be last warm up. This is just a back offset. This is to 20 kilos, so 484. I did a couple sets of five with this. I'm just trying to get some volume in and make sure to keep the velocity of the barbell pretty high. I don't want to do anything super fatiguing, but I wanted to get enough volume in to sort of drive or at least support this fitness adaptations that I'm trying to get, which is strength development. On the bench, this is 185 kilos, 407. That was okay. I think the pause needs to be a little bit longer. Did my back offset here with 352. But this point of my training, my bench still was not feeling great, just relative to my normal, but still got to go to the meat. On the trap bar deadlift, I went up by 10 kilos, so this is 550. I did two sets of eight here and yeah, you know what I don't like about the trap bar deadlift. I don't like, well, I don't like when a person walks right in front of me will undead lifting, but that's not either here nor there. It just feels kind of like a weird snatch grip deadlift to me, but anyway. Pennlight Rose went up 10 kilos here, did 308, the previous week, this is 330, did three sets of five here. I already had these like RPE6, RPE7. So this is day two starting off with a 280 kilos, 606, instead of deficit poles, these are two inch deficits. Notice the bar coming off my legs. That's one of the challenges here. That third rep was better. The second rep was kind of loopy. See how we doing the fourth rep. Yeah, not bad. Yeah, I read it at that in eight, the plates are all fallen off on the left side, even with the collar, it's like a collar failure anyway. Second exercise, feet up bench press, and this is really just trying to get you to set your arch and maintain it, even without a lot of leg drive. I think some people get a little overzealous with the leg drive and they can get their butt coming off the bench. So this is what to 281. Yeah, that's fine. And then close grip floor press. I, you can do these either way, you can pause them if you want. If you're able to pause your elbows on the floor, just really depends. I find that I don't really notice a difference in the weight that I'm using, just my elbows seem to prefer like a brief pause. You can also do with your feet off the ground or like I have them there. I don't really feel strongly either way. Some people do with their legs laying flat, but I don't think it matters. This is day three, 717 on the deadlift. I already showed you guys that it moved very similarly to 705 a week before, pretty happy with that. All right, back offsets to 90, so it's 638. Yeah, I can even tell from here that I'm keeping the bar on my legs pretty well. You can see my kind of shorts coming up. I should probably hold that lock out a little bit longer, just wait for the crowds of ploughs. Did two sets of four here after the single, yeah, I'm fine with that. Basically, I pull my top single without straps and then my back offsets with straps, keep my hands nice and fresh. At least try to, especially since I tore my hand up, pin bench. That was 187.5. And back offsets I did is at 167.5, which is 360.8. So yeah, I just like to stay tight when I get down on the pins, especially some of the, you know, the bar wants to like bounce and move all the way around. So if you squeeze the life out of it, it's a pretty good way to do it. J.M. Press, again, with chains. Yeah, so basically I try to like bring the bar down like a bench press and then kind of roll it over my face, kind of like a skull pressure. I think it's a good way to think about it. It's really, you know, anytime you can feel the triceps, what would the elbows feel like that's going to be good for me and my bench press, which has been trending up, which will see in subsequent vlogs. But this vlog was, my bench was still not feeling great. So this is 230 kilos, 507 high bar squat. It's kind of high bar for me, for sure. Basically, my Q on high bar is push my knees forward further than I want them to go right off the bat. So knees go further forward and try to push my hips forward on the way up. But anyway, I rate it that in eight. I posted a five and eight. I did that. Took some weight off. Did one more set of five. All right, on the close grip bench, this is 165 kilos, 3603. So yeah, switch to a pause bench this following week, not here. And then also, I think I'm bringing the bar down a little too low. I don't really like my wrist angle here. I would like to keep my elbows in tucked in a little bit more, but not unhappy with that. Rated that five reps at RP eight did some dips added 45 pounds. My body weights like 210 to 11 right now. And I rated these RP six. I ended up doing four sets of 10 here. Again, try to get the triceps involved. Lean forward, push my chest forward. And finished up with some RDS did these at 190. And then I'm really tired at this point of the week and the training week. Five to six exercise per day. Big things on the RDL. Again, I think don't try to do him stiff leg, they're not stiff leg and dead lifts. Trace the barbell down your leg, feel the steel on your legs. Squeeze your back as tight as possible, and squeeze your butt at the top. And profit. That's how you do RDLs. I like taking him down just below the knee, a couple inches below the knee. That's my preferred way to do RDLs. All right, that's a wrap on training vlog 40, five weeks out. Let me know what you want to see next week. When we do training vlog 41, four weeks out. Again, training gets a little dicey there, so excited to show you that. But things are rolling, we're getting closer to the meat. And I'm getting excited. So thanks for following me along here. And let me know what you want to see in the comments below. See you guys. Thank you.