Music Welcome back to the Barbell Medicine YouTube channel. I'm Dr. Jordan Fagginbaum. We have Dr. Awesome Rocky in the studio live in the flesh. That's real. He's in town this week and we decided to answer some questions from the internet. Alright, what is the most interesting research you've read up on that is outside your normal scope? I will answer first while you ponder. Yeah. Okay. You're like, wait, what's on my Twitter? That's right. Yes. The most interesting research that I've read recently has to do with this gravity-ostat sort of mechanism with respect to like weight regulation. Okay. So they took these, I can't remember if they're mice or rats, but they put a weight inside of them. Like so do weight inside of them. Then saw what happened to their body weight independent of that weight. And these, they lost weight because there's like this gravity-ostat mechanism. It's thought to be produced by a hormone produced from the bones, the interacts with areas of the hypothalamus to say, yeah, you don't need eat as much because you weigh more now. Which I thought was super interesting. And then, funnily enough, I think I said this or like hinted that I read this paper on one of our podcasts or YouTube, something like that. A researcher who works in the lab where they did this DM'd me. Oh, that's awesome. Oh, yeah. I was like, what's going on? This is crazy. So that was so interesting. I remember reading the paper and I was like, what? Yeah. Turns out bones do stuff too. Yeah. I think the challenging thing about this question is that it seems like we have a fairly wide scope. Okay. That's right. Is there's like a bunch of medical stuff, a bunch of training stuff, health related things, what you're doing is technically, that's like a obesity paper, which we're sharing with others. But anyway, it's interesting, nonetheless. There are, there are a few. I think the one that I sent you recently that was a good paper. This isn't necessarily like a primary research, but a paper called obesity and responsibility. Is it time to rethink agency, strongly recommended read for folks, particularly those are in the fitness space, and tend to talk a lot about obesity and the extent to which it's a choice slash a personal success or failing. The extent to which people can manage it. It's super complicated and interesting. I research. Another one that came up just actually, I think it was yesterday earlier today. There's some new studies being done on gene editing for folks. And a sprint. Yeah. CRISPR and related technologies. And I think that that may end up being kind of the future of a lot of medical things. There's they took a group of, I think it was primates of some sort monkeys and did some gene editing a single dose kind of treatment. It was like an infusion that that affected this gene editing process that led to durable lowering of their blood lipid levels for like nine months or something like that. It didn't necessarily like skyrocket, but that was like the duration of follow-up. And so that something like that to the extent that it could be done feasibly in humans that it was safe and you know, didn't have like off-target effects that were problematic. Then that would effectively end up being kind of like, it's like a lipid vaccine. Kind of like a vaccine against cardiovascular disease. So to speak, which is the number one killer in the world is cardiovascular disease. And so durable long-term lowering of blood lipid levels with a single dose treatment would, you know, obviously there's an, there's a role for lifestyle, you know, things managing obesity, exercise nutrition, and managing blood lipid, but for some people for a lot of folks with genetic predispositions to elevated blood cholesterol levels. That's not necessarily enough to address their risk. And so in those situations, they end up needing to either take a daily medicine to address it or take, you know, like an injection or an infusion of some of the more advanced newer agents. But if you could do something like once and it had like safe lifelong durable effects, that'd be kind of huge. Yeah. Super interesting. This concept of gene editing, I think is not going to go away. It'll be pretty interesting to see where that goes in the future. Should workshop the name from like lipid vaccine? Or like, yeah, that's not going to play well. Yeah. I think one other thing that might be useful or at least a question that we get all the time. Yeah, I don't know how useful it is. Okay. So like, how do you get your research? So I know you're big on the on the Twitter's. I'm big on medical and academic Twitter. That's really all I use Twitter for. It's academicians, medical educators like myself and researchers. Yeah. Yeah. That's where you get most of your papers from. Yeah. There's a handful. There are handful that I like scour. So I go to the JCR, like every first of the month. I play a bone thugs and harmony. We go. We go. And then I go check it. JCR. I go to the ACSM's website for the medicine science and health and exercise. And I go to the frontiers website frontiers. Yeah. And I just kind of produce those. All the other stuff, either get inboxed to me based on like keyword searches that I have or like various medical newsletters or outlets that I've subscribed to. And that's enough. Like it's way more than stuff than I'll ever read. So I think my advice would be like pick one or two journals that you the content directly applies to you. Yeah. And then like if you saw happen to sign up for a newsletter or like a, you know, something like that, you'll get updates on and you'll have more than enough to read. I remember it was like in residency, uh, in turn, here they were like, you try to read one paper a day. You know what I was like? How that, do you understand how many papers that would be in the year? Very hard. Yeah. Like I would just be like how many papers you read this last quarter. Yeah. Well, I'm going to get to it. Yeah. All right.