Why is there an idea that olive oil is healthier than canola oil when replacing saturated fats with polyunsaturated versus monounsaturated? I don't understand the question. It's kind of phrased strangely. Do you agree? Here's the other question though. Before I'm going to let you finish. I don't know that anyone's arguing over olive oil versus canola oil. There's a canola oil. Well, what I'm getting at is that I don't know that like people in academic academia are arguing about this. I think people who are like big seed oil like, you know, species. It's both serious. 100%. Those are the people who are irrelevant because they make up, you know, very small proportion, but very vocal mind you. So from a social learning perspective, our relevant, but as far as like a policy, opinion, you know, informed status level, they, you know, I'm not unconcerned with their opinions. So what I'm getting at is that actual professionals and experts in the field are not arguing about this. It's only like the seed oil conspiracy theorists. And they're like, I think you're probably right. Olive oil versus canola oil. Again, I'm not, like the olive oil, like, you know, big subsidiaries aren't like, you know, canola oil, you suck. And you know, canola oil is on there's like, no, all oil, we're perfectly help promoting. It's like that's not happening. Yeah. I think that there are, there's a fair amount of research, you know, this to, to lay the background, just as a reminder is that we talked about in the, let's hear what you say. I'll know. Oh, yes. Align. Number and then, like at the end of, sorry, but of course, our professors in LA want to give your an appeal, or maybe be able to be able to have anление in a scratch in Brady. And go home, say anything with your obligations,けど, or you, say, that one would have I, see, Bücher, were not equal to Donald Trump to try the going from that high intake to low shows a very consistent effect. We have plenty of evidence in the Mediterranean diet realm, and that Mediterranean diet is classically associated with foods like olive oil. And so that's probably where that general population idea or understanding comes from is associating Mediterranean diet as a healthy dietary pattern that has olive oil. There you go. But actually, right, when you look at the actual research on this, the actual evidence of these replacement nutrients in controlled trials, can oil oil actually shows further reduction in like your blood lipids blood cholesterol, even when it's replaced. And not just when it's replacing saturated fats, but when it's replacing olive oil. You actually see further reductions in your blood cholesterol levels and blood blood lipid parameters. This hasn't been tested necessarily head to head. These two like oils with everything else in the diet equivalent for actual cardiovascular events, like heart attacks and strokes and things like that. But there is for anybody who is interested in this topic and wants a reference, there's there's a large metanalysis on the topic titled the effects of cannola oil on cardiovascular risk factors. And that's that will be sufficient to find it where they look at cannola oil replacing various other nutrient, nutrient sources and showing the effects on things like blood lipids, blood cholesterol parameters, things like that, and it shows an improvement in risk. So yeah, there is not much controversy over this idea that polyunsaturated fatty acid sources, when replacing saturated fatty acid sources at high levels of intake show the most potent reduction in risk factors and actual cardiovascular risk. But the controversy does exist among people who are less informed on the topic. Yeah, so I just feel like you should see the movie. The other part is like if somebody's super concerned about their seed oil intake, I think that in general, that's like such a privileged level for like their dietary pattern and you know potential for health promoting behaviors. It's like, I don't care, dude, if you don't want to eat seed oils like do your thing provided you're not then subsequently engaging in dietary practices that like juggling butter in your coffee. Correct. Or like eating a carnivore diet that's super high in saturated fat. But if you like otherwise, or like nope, all oils, my jam but cannola oil won't touch and like do your thing. Okay. Yeah.