All right. Suggestions for ISO metric core work. I've seen Planks mentioned in your content, but try Sips seem to be the limit on those for me. The reason why I prefer ISO metric sort of add direct ad training if you're going to do it for strength training purposes is that that's really their kind of role. In the big four that we tend to get asked the most questions about also this is Barbell Medicine, not like functional fitness medicine, kettlebell medicine was also taken. So like we have to like form our niche somewhere. So as Barbell Medicine, so in general the role of the abs during those movement tend to be isometric. So I like Planks. I like Paloff presses. I like Abwheel roll out, see there from kneeling Abwheel roll out. So if you can do it from your toes, that's cool. I also like sort of V-sit progressions. L-sit progressions are usually beyond most individuals, but so I think most folks can do Planks. You can't do those. Then the Paloff presses tend to be pretty pretty good. And I know somebody at home sitting on a couch saying Planks. I don't need a Plank. Doesn't do anything. I'll just low bar backs, squat my way to top to your high level of domino. Strength. Well guy at home, the recent research on this suggests that a Plank in a 6rm back squat have about the same amount of abdominal activation, which means that a Plank is like pretty good because it's not the same level of fatigue that you get from a 6rm squat. Right, 6 at RP-10 would be substantially fatiguing set for most individuals compared to just doing a 32nd Plank. So I'm not saying that you should do Planks instead of squats, but in addition to, be fine. The other hand, if you said, I don't want to do any additional direct ab training because I find it boring and whatever. That's fine too. Who would say something? Austin does a yearly GPP session. He's just living off previously developed Cardi-Restory Fitness from Swimming. And at some point he'll do it. It'll be by yearly. And then you'll just keep titating it. Keep titrating it up. Yeah, I mean, you're free to edit this out, but yeah, I don't do ab work. Yeah, I'm fine with this, buddy. Yeah, that's fine. I think though if people are asking about it, sure I'm happy with you doing more physical activity and I want it to be the correct fatigue stimulus to treat ratios. So fair. I.