So I've had several people ask me about my rebounds training from the J. Cutler Show, I put on crazy exercise. Probably the most productive size days I've ever had in my life to be honest with you, I've spent some time on my 60 pounds and I'm still relatively lean. I'm not biting means ripped, but you know, seeing the pictures on my profile. Anyway, the training program that I'm doing, I towards the show, I like the read and I've been reading a ton of books and research studies on training. And I started off with Dr. Brad Schofel, and I read several of his studies in book on, he did scientific studies on hypertrophotrating and found, but actually volume training every time, and most recent studies seems to be the most productive for hypertrophy. For muscle growth, high volume, high frequency, and high frequency, not the typical bro split where you hit everything once a week. And it got me to thinking, I've always done hit-style training during a hit, some from that Dante Trudeau, to Dante Train me in a long time ago, probably 20 years ago, and I've always been of that philosophy, getting more from less, hit it hard and get out. But as I'm getting older, I'm approaching 50. I don't think that's training is sustainable with my joints past the age of 50, and I'm trying to think about what type of training would be sustainable. So I thought I would give it a go and do higher volume training, see how it went. So I read Dr. Mike Isria tells book after Schofel's book, I think it's called the scientific principles of hypertrophy. And I really enjoyed the book, I actually read it twice, and then he has an entire video series of his run-and-s-hawn superiorization website, went through and watched that multiple times, and I built a program somewhat structured on his principles and Schofel's principles of hypertrophy, high volume training, and I've been doing that for the last six weeks, and I'll be honest, my body has responded like crazy. The same thing with this program is that nothing is to failure, everything is a repertoire short of failure, and you know, you gradually progressively progressively progressively overload, increase the volume as the program goes along. So you know, week one, you might only be doing three sets per body part, and eventually we're up to 12 to 15 per body part, getting each body part twice a week. So my split right now is a push, legs, pull, push, legs, pull off, so I'm training six days a week, getting each body part twice a week. Volume is currently at maximum volume, at least for me that I can seem to recover from, which is somewhere in the 10 to 15 sets per body part range. Smaller body parts might be a little less, and rep ranges are in the 10 to 20 range, on the heavier compound movement squats, bench press, things like barbell rows, things like that, the rep ranges 10 to 12 reps. On smaller, more isolation exercises, for example, cable crossovers for chest would be closer to the 15 to 20 rep range once again nothing to failure. I don't know the root, they result have been crazy. Now, this could be a combination of factors. I was also extremely depleted from the show I've been big before. So I think there was a super compensation component there combined with the nutrition, the high volume training. I'm working with Justin Harris from Japan in nutrition on my diet. He is a carb cycling proponent. I also have been eating a high amount of carbs as well. I've had a few fuck ups in there. I'm eating an entire family size bag of peanut M&Ms a few weeks ago. But for the most part, I've been following the diet, I've been 95% adherents. But I think that also plays a component in it. As far as super supplement's go, very moderate low doses, just 500 milligrams of tests, 300 milligrams of NPP, six units of growth hormone a day, and pretty basic, nothing crazy. And I am ramping that down into a cruise here in the next week or so. We'll see if I hold on to this. But anyway, that's it. That's what I've been doing. Feel free to ask questions if you have them. Thank you.