Okay, today I'm going to talk about my rebound cycle from the 2021 J-Cottler Classic. I'm recording this after I already recorded the video. I got someone to add some context to it, so I apologize for the disjoin it nature of things. But the picture on the left that you see is from me eight weeks pre-contested roughly 230 pounds in the picture on the right is four weeks post-contest 230 pounds again, but completely different body composition. So you can see how we caught the rebound effectively. I also forgot to mention in the video that I am also running six units of growth hormone every day. But anyway, here it goes. Thank you. I've had several people, probably message me and ask me about my rebound cycle. I've had a pretty good rebound from my contest of about 50 pounds in the state-failet lean. It's nothing complex. Right now I'm doing 500 milligrams a week of test. 300 milligrams of MPP tapering down with the goal of being on just TRT here in a couple weeks of 200 milligrams of test a week somewhere around there. I have tapered off the fat burners and the aromatase inhibitor too as we have come off the contest. I want to quit everything cold turkey and blow myself out of the water. Same thing with cardio. I tapered the cardio down after the show. I didn't quit cold turkey. I kept coming under the gym as well. I didn't do anything crazy the week after the gym felt pretty shitty, but it was all white weights, high volume, training, all light weights, high volume stuff. Justin Harris, my nutritional host had scheduled me to have five high days after the show with cheat meals. Basically, just kind of eat when I want after that. But my blood sugar wouldn't let me do that. I have issues with blood sugar control sometimes. So after the show just didn't happen, I had to pretty much eat clean the week after the show. So that probably helped me keep lean. I did have a couple of fuckups. I did housement tire thing of peanut in my nose at one point like a giant Costco family size thing. I did raid the pantry, thankfully for some of the kid's stuff. But other than that, I've been pretty solid with the diet. I've been following the plan he set out. Right now we're doing three high days a week with the cheat meal, the high day. A little bit of insulin with the high day. Keep the blood, blood sugar and check. Three medium days and then one low day, which is probably ISO caloric, where I'm going to deficit the. But anyway, pretty simple. MPP tests pretty moderate doses taping down to to TRT. I'll run TRT probably for a month or so. Get a physical don't see where my health is at. I did get blood work done after the show. Nothing was crazy. My, you know, surprisingly my cholesterol was great. The only thing that was really out of whack was my liver, which I've never had liver issues before. But I think it's probably my fault for not taking any liver support. During the during the the contest prep. I just didn't think I needed it, but I wasn't really taking high amounts of Orals, but I guess guess I needed it with all the stress I was putting on my body. Anyway, let's say if you have questions asked.