I've had quite a few people direct message me on social media asking me about my diet for the 2021 Jay-Cutler Classic and I thought I'd break it down for everybody. I worked with Justin Harris from Tripone and Nutrition for my diet for the contest. Justin is a proponent of carbs cycling for a diet and I'll be honest with the first time I've ever tried anything like this. It was required a lot of measuring and keeping track of things accurately. I think that was important otherwise it doesn't work. The basic premise of carbs cycling for anybody is unfamiliar with it, especially in a fat loss phase. Essentially what you're doing is with my diet. We did one day a week where we were hyper-cooloric, where we were in a calorie surplus. The rest of the days of the week on training days I would do a medium carb day where we would do moderate carbs, moderate fats. On non-training days we would do a low-day where we would do low carbs, moderate fats. The medium days and the low days are isocloric, where we're in a caloric deficit, where we're burning fat. The single high day that we do each week you would be hyper-cooloric. It sounds like maybe you would store fat on that day, but what ends up happening? You're kind of playing a trick with your body. During the days where you're in a deficit you're actually depleting the muscles of glycogen. Then on the high day what ends up happening, we eat high carbs, low fat, as to not promote fat storage. The premise is with the excess carbs that I'm eating, those will be stored as muscle glycogen rather than fat. You can be hyper-cooloric, not gain fat on that day, and store those carbs in the muscle glycogen filling your muscles back up. It worked quite well. It was the most effective diet I've ever done to be honest with you. Wake came off of me. At the beginning of the diet we kept things pretty high calories. I mean for the first eight weeks I was eating a ton of food and lost a lot of weight. Then we crank things up as we went along. During the last four weeks or so we got pretty extreme with it. On the low days it was eating no carbs of the investibles. On the medium days it was something like 100 grams of carbs. On the high day I was still eating 800 grams of carbs a quite a bit. Sometimes I'd be a cheap meal in there at the end of the day if he prescribed it. We kept me burning fat quite nicely through the whole thing. I didn't do as much cardio as I did last year when I died at down. Not even nearly as much and I burned, I got pretty lean. I could see for my pictures. On the high days too this also threw it three years for a loop. A lot of people like you must be eating vegetables and you know, clean food all the time on the high days. Half my calories came from sugar. It was eating things like Captain Crunch, Apple Pie filling, gummy bears, all kinds of fun stuff. The cool thing with that was it kept me sane. I kept food cravings, I kept sugar cravings all the time. And what it did is it kept me from cheating. I went 16 weeks without one cheat. I didn't screw up or fuck up once in my diet, which is the first for me. And what it did, I always knew that I only had to make it a few more days before I could have some sugar and some carbs to keep myself sane. And it kept me motivated, kept me going through the whole time and it worked quite well. I know that what my body fat was at the end, I didn't really check, but I would imagine it was pretty freaking low. It was definitely in the single digits. Somewhere in 5, 7% range, I'm guessing. But I don't know where I started off. It was probably a lot higher than what I thought I was. Just guessing, I was probably somewhere in the 18 to 20% range. Even though I had a dexiscan done at the beginning of the diet, it said I was around 16%, but I don't know it seems kind of dubious to me. Looking back at the pictures, I definitely looked a lot fatter than that. But anyway, I feel I'm a diet to be quite effective. We're going to continue it in the offseason. I'm trying to stick to somewhat similar self-added diet right now. So it was not to gain fat on the rebound. But if you have questions, feel free to message me or type them in the comments below. I'm happy to answer any questions about the diet. And if you're looking for a coach, Justin's fantastic. I can't recommend him enough. Have a good day.