Remedax probably more commonly known in bodybuilding as a Nashr's, or at least that's what I hear it called. This is a Romeatase inhibitor, a class of anti-estrogen, probably the most commonly one used in bodybuilding for estrogen management. We're going to dig into it and talk about it a little bit. Before I get into it, please like the video, subscribe to my channel. I've put a lot of videos up and I've done many people subscribing. You're going to have to be watching but not many subscribe. If you think it's great, share it with other people and I'll keep cranking out more of these. It seems that people like these. I'm getting some good feedback about it but please like and subscribe. I appreciate it. Let's dig into a Nashr's, I'll a bit here. It is an oral anti-estrogen drug, anti-estrogen class of drug. It is a third generation oral aromatez inhibitor. Note, this is one thing, a total of all aromatez are all anti-estrogens into the same bucket. They're not, they're different. This is an aromatez inhibitor, not a serum. It blocks the aromatez enzyme which prevents the conversion of a conversion to a drug. It's originally developed as a breast cancer treatment as most of these class of drugs. Where breast cancer growth tend to be exacerbated by estrogen. Studies are shown that I have one milligram per day reduced estrogen by about 80%. This is not going to crush your estrogen the same way that lecturers all will but it's pretty strong. It was approved for human use in 1995 as an adjunct therapy for breast cancer treatment. At that time, the common treatment was using this with Tomoxifen. Now I believe it's lecturers all as they go to. In astrosol is still used some but an electrosol is more effective for what I understand. So, effective in astrosol, it blocks the aromatez enzyme from converting testosterone to estrogen or just the conversion of estrogen period. Reduce estrogen stimulated breast tissue growth and I take note for bodybuilding. This is important if you're susceptible to gyna estrogen, estrogen relating gyna can be a progesterone issue as well. But if you have issues with gyna from estrogen, this will prevent it from help prevented from happening. So as I mentioned before, it's used in conjunction with Tomoxifen studies actually show that when using to. Conjecture with Tomoxifen, it can cause a regression in breast growth. Now I will tell you once tissue and the hard tissue has formed and you let it go for too long. You can't get rid of it. You can reverse it to a certain degree if you catch it early. This is my experience if you let gyna go too long. You gotta get surgery. But if you catch it early, you can get rid of it. It seems that the lecture is more effective in nuking it than aromatezis. Aromatezis is not as harsh though. Side effects of an astrosol, hot flashes, joint pain, weakness, fatigue, decreased bone and mineral density, aka osteoporosis. Naja, in worsen lipids, it does suppress HDL, the good cholesterol. Make sure HDL goes down. So with that in mind, you have to find the sweet spot. Most people just throw darts of the wall and they take it. They have this fear of estrogen. The anestheson is good for muscle growth and for your overall health. It's going to help your cholesterol levels. It's going to help you grow. Keep your joints and your bones healthy. If you crush your estrogen too much, you're going to have issues. Now going into contests, we do want to, at the end, we do want to crush our estrogen to get that last time. It's a little bit of dryness. But that is, you know, we're in extremes. It's only for a few weeks. People in hypertrophy phases just get this pushes panic button. They think they're estrogen and the two high. And they don't even know. You've got to get your blood worked on. I last time I have my blood worked on to add in a estridial test. I think it was like 20 bucks, 15 bucks. It was super cheap. So instead of guessing, find out. And if you, I would say, if you in the offseason in size building phase, if you're not having side effects related to estrogen, you know, high blood pressure, you know, you're having issues with gyno, I wouldn't even take an aromattags inhibitor at all. Maybe just use something like to moxifen. That's my two cents, but, you know, just something to consider. I don't overuse the remedies and temperatures. You're going to call yourself longterm health problems. If you do, you want your estrogen in that sweet spot. Keep it at normal healthy levels. Don't completely crush it. You're around. You're going to have problems. I know you want to look dry year around, but it's just not healthy. Bodybuilding uses for a nashri's all. It's pretty straightforward. It's used to come back high estrogen levels. I personally get really high estrogen levels. It's almost a must for me at most points. It's also used to prevent or shrink gyno, as we mentioned. Combat estrogen related bloating. It's good. Good. Great for hardening up for context prep. Like if you're that last little bit. And you need to get that last little bit of fat off. You need to pull some additional water off. That comes from using testosterone. You know, you push it up at the end of context prep. As I mentioned before, a few weeks is not going to kill you. Keeping high doses of around. Inhibitors year round it's going to be bad for your longterm health. So I'm going to kill you in the long run, but. Right. I mean, the short run, but in the long run you're going to end up having blocked arteries. From your cholesterol, being all fucked up. Um, and Ashens all's half life, 40 to 50 hours. So really, you only need to dose it every other day if you're doing it in, um, you know, the off season, you know, contest prep. Um, and that last couple of weeks, you can do it every day. Um, that's typically what I see people doing. I'm going to when, when, when, when, when, when, when, every day. Uh, doses, uh, you know, I, I hate to say beginner and media intermediate and advanced. It really should be based on what your estrogen levels are and what is necessary to get you to the point where you need to be. Um, a beginner, I would say a half a milligrams every other day. If you're estrogen's just a tad overwards, where it should be, maybe you're getting a little puffiness and nipples, things like that, half a milligrams every other day. I would start with there. It also is dependent upon your dose of testosterone too. So the higher your dose of testosterone is the more you're going to need to counteract the, uh, the conversion, um, you know, so if I see a lot of guys on T RT taking, um, um, uh, a river decks. I just don't think that in most cases it's necessary. Uh, but, you know, certainly you could test your hormone levels to see, um, I was recently talking to a guy that was taking 1 milligrams every other day. I want 150 milligrams of a test, testosterone for T RT. We can he, I totally, I totally, we get his, he said, he said, like shit, totally, get his extra dial levels checked and he, they came back at almost zero. No wonder, it's just too fucking much. I can't believe a doctor told him to do this shit and didn't check it. Unfuckably, but most, you know, a lot of doctors are idiots. I'll just say that, um, advanced dose of what I mean by advanced. This is like contest prep. You're taking a gram of tests. You need to fucking crush everything down, um, you know, 1 milligrams each day. Uh, that, that's honestly that should be the maximum dose you ever take of this shit. If you need something, um, you know, you get out the nuclear bomb, which is letrasal. I mean, letrasal is going to completely shut your test. I was, or your estrogen down. Um, I would say premenopause of women should avoid this. Uh, I, I know a women using it in contest prep. Um, you know, I'm not saying, don't, but I would just think it's pretty terrible for your long-term health, especially if you want to have kids. If you want to not have iced tea of process when you're older, um, it's probably awful for women to use more than just at the last couple of bits of of, of contest prep. You know, obviously, if you're, if you're fighting with press cancer, it's a different situation. There are trade-offs, um, you know, a little bit of osteoporosis, but better than fucking dying of cancer. Um, but once again, it's always a scale with these things, you know, what, what the desired outcome, if, if it's worth the cost, not dying of cancer is worth the cost. Um, my experience, like I said, my estrogen always runs high, like crazy high. I've had, I've had it up like 1, 80, 200 before. Uh, I don't know why I'm such a heavy converter. Even when I'm lean, I, I, I seem to have a romanticized heavily. Um, my experience with an astras, uh, I don't get a lot of side effects with it. Um, it will make me feel a little with magic. Um, but it does bring my estrogen down without feeling like shit. Letters all makes me feel like I got hit by God, they're a mac truck. I heat fucking letters all. Um, it is effective. Um, great for drying out for the last couple of weeks of, of contest prep. But I prefer XMS day or, or if I need to go something a little more powerful, an astras all or just using to mock if and by itself, if I can get away with it. Um, it's easier, it definitely easier my body than letters all. So it doesn't negatively affect my cholesterol if I push it too hard. Um, if I keep my really the cholesterol, I have noticed is not so much how much of this I'm taking, but where am I astro dial levels are, are at. If I'm in a good range, a good healthy range, my cholesterol stays healthy. Um, very minimal sides for me. Um, I don't run an AI in the off season unless I need one. A lot of times I'll just have to mock. And I've had so much trouble with going to come assy over the years, even after having surgery. I know I had some asshole message me saying, you can't get kind of again after your head surgery. Wrong dude. I had it. Maybe my surgeon sucked. I don't know. But, um, so don't think that you're, you can't get kind of again after you've had surgery. I did twice. Um, one million grand per day really drows me out and pushes my estradile now. I'm pretty low. So just keep that in mind. Um, and an important note here, super important note, it does not work with non-a-run statistics steroids. Some people say anti estrogen, I'm going to stop estrogen. So I, you know, for example, anodrol has some sort of direct effect on the estrogen receptor. But yet it doesn't aromatize. It's not going to do shit for you if you're taking anodrol in your trying to combat. I got a guy on the first time using anodrol. So it's not going to help you with training either. Okay. I'm not going to train this on a aromatize. So it's not going to do fuck all for you with training if you get gyna from training. So just keep that in mind. You're trying to stop gyna with, with, with, train or anodrol and you're taking anodrol. You're wasting your time. Thank you for watching my video. Please like and subscribe as I mentioned before. I'm going to keep pounding that hole. I'm trying to build this channel up. And feel free to ask questions in the comments section. I love answering questions. I like helping people. Why are these going to do this is harm reduction? I think people don't know what the fuck they're doing and I'm doing more damage. Hopefully a little bit of information will help you be safer with this stuff. If there are other videos on PDG, would like me to make. Please let me know and follow me on Instagram and Paul K Barnett. Have a great day.