And of our ox andreloin, so today we're going to take a look at Annavar. There's a lot of mystique surrounding Annavar. Some of it more into some of it not. It's very popular with female competitors. Who are kind of dipping their toe into the steroid pool seem to be interested in Annavar. But we'll take a look at it. So today's the Annavar steroid profile. Let's take a look here. So properties of Annavar. It is structurally an altered form of DHT dihydro testosterone. There's an added oxygen atom replacing the carbon to the a ring. That modification makes it a very strong anabolic. So it has a strong anabolic to an energetic ratio. Also a modification at the 17th carbon position by adding a adding of a methyl group of making it a C-17 AA anabolic steroid. So it can be administered orally. This also makes it somewhat liver toxic. But Annavar is pretty mild compared to other orals. As I mentioned, it has a very low intergenic properties as compared to testosterone. And look at it. The endogenic rating is a 24 anabolic rating can range from 32 to 630. So it is significantly the endogen to anabolic ratio is significantly more than other other steroids you're looking at anywhere from 10 to 30 times anabolic properties versus anabolic properties. Which makes it attractive for women to use. There are no estrogenic effects or measurable projects in effects. It promotes lean tissue growth primarily to the endogenic effects of very, very mild. And it's relatively mild for an oral, although no oral is completely harmless to the liver. It increased, so the effects of Annavar increased protein synthesis like other steroids increased nitrogen retention just like other steroids. It has been shown to decreased sex hormone binding globular, SHBB, SHGB sorry, freeing up your testosterone to work more effectively. Increased IGF one production increased red blood cell counts. So to make your hemoglobin and hematocrit go up, I haven't seen any significant impact on it. But reduces thyroid binding, globular, and there is some belief that that may help with fat burning. And there also is anecdotal, bleak, evidence, you know, experience-wise that Annavar does aid in my sister a little bit. I haven't seen any dramatic effect, but you know, it does seem to harden your up-to-add. Inhibition of glucocorticoids like cortisol. So what would this be good for when you stress out the most, which is in contest prep. Your body is under a lot of de-ress during contest prep, so this would make it a somewhat ideal condition to your contest prep sec. Very strong antibiotic action, although that to me I haven't seen that translate directly into large muscle gain. Side effects of Annavar, as I mentioned, it's very mild compared to other antibiotics. It's probably a good training wheels steroid because of it if you just want to dip your toe in the pool and you're chicken-shitting to want to take a shot. You can start off with Annavar. Cannot aid rib-botsalke on an antibiotic rate, like I said, I haven't really seen it. It affects, of course, this affects different people. I don't have a dramatic response to that, like some other people do. I've taken pretty high doses of stuff in my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, I've taken ridiculously high. There are low risk of antigenic side effects, but ladies, they do exist. If you run high enough doses, you take it long enough. It will masculine, is I, is you masculine, why can I say that fucking word? Mascillization, it will masculineize you. It can cause body hair growth, baldness, BPH, acne. One of these things I'm going to say that fucking word, right? It does suppress HDL significantly. So it will fuck your lipids up. I have definitely noticed it on my blood work that my, my cholesterol gets messed up when I, when I'm on, and I'm on, and I'm like, it's not without side effects. You know, so if you're concerned about cardiovascular health, that's something to consider. It will mildly suppress natural testosterone production. I just read something about it recently. I can't remember what it was. It was a study done over an eight week period. And it was all, it was pretty mild. It was something like a 30% suppression. Don't quote me on that. You know, if, if I'm wrong about that, don't ribbing, but you can probably find the study yourself online. But it was pretty mild. So it won't completely shut off your testosterone production. One of short cycle probably over the long duration and high doses. Well, because it is C 17 alpha-aculated, it can be liver toxic at higher doses. There's a study I found where it said that they did, this was, I think it was pretty old, but they tested it on a group set 20 milligrams. There was no liver toxicity at 20 milligrams doses or less at 40 milligrams. At 40 milligrams per day, it produced a 30 to 40% increase in liver enzymes across the test group. At 80 milligrams per day, it caused an 80% increase in liver enzymes. So pretty significant at that dose. I would not drink an excess or take Tylenol while you're on it. It's probably just asking for trouble. You're going to put even more stress on your liver. Tylenol is pretty nasty for your liver. In case you don't know, I had a friend of mine go and do complete liver failure from taking Tylenol. He was taking Tylenol to recover from hangovers and the combination of Tylenol and alcohol, put in complete liver failure. He wasn't even like a crazy, heavy drinker. I don't know what the dose of Tylenol he was taking, but it fucked him up. So be aware with Tylenol of the impact that can have when you're liver. Applications for animals are great for fat loss phases. It can say before it seems to be ideally suited for contests, probably the last phase of contests prep. You know, because you have the increased nitrogen retention, no estrogenic sides, so it'll keep you nice and dry. So, it's a S-H-B-G, which can be rising your S-H-B-G can be a problem in contests prep. So, precious court is all court is all of its elevated as you get deeper in the contests prep, so that's also very beneficial. You know, as I mentioned before, any total evidence that it does cause some fat, additional fat burning. Like I said, I haven't seen any significant difference, but you know, some people claim that it does. And, you know, predisposal retention and a caloric deficit that in trend both do. I think trends are more effective at it. It can be used in hypertrophy phases, but I don't know, I know some people love it. I've tried it before and I saw little to no difference, but you know, you can, you can, it will be your strength to go up. Half life of the animal. It has a 9 to 13 hour half life, depending, you know, there's a lot of things that can factor in how long it takes to metabolize it, which you eat. You just do general overall body chemistry, what it can affect it, but so, also I've read studies that age seems to impact the half life too. But if you want to keep a nice, even levels of it in your system, you probably want to take it twice a day, morning and evening. Cyclocin doses, typical doses of seeing guys take 20 to 30 milligrams per day. It's kind of a beginner dose, intermediate dose, 40 to 50 milligrams per day, advanced dose, 50 milligrams per day. I don't know what to do, but it was taken 200, I don't know how to fuck you afford it. I don't know why you would take 200 milligrams of an oral, with all that stress you're putting when you're living, better off taking an injectable, but it seems like a poor choice, but people do stupid things when it comes to steroids. Female doses, beginner dose, please don't quote me on the female doses. Not biting means the expert on what women take, but this is what I've heard. Five to ten milligrams kind of the training wheels dose for women. Intermediate doses like you have your local competitor that's doing a bikini contest at the local show, up to 30 milligrams. I've heard of some pros of her rumors of some pro bikini and physique competitors taking 30 plus milligrams, 50 plus milligrams, got only knows what, but I've heard of that. I've never actually spoken to anybody that has, so you know, take that with a grain of salt. My personal experiences with antivari, if I'm going to take an oral, it's my favorite oral. I'm not a big fan of orals in general, they just fucked my stomach up, I lose my appetite. I say for the last part of contest prep and that would be it, but I'm just like, I'm not a particular fan of orals. I think you're putting on do stress on your system and just put a needle on your ass and not have to deal with that and you'll probably get better results. I don't know how you can get big if you're stomach upset and you can't eat, so it may be effective at putting size on, but it gives me diarrhea. I'll be honest with you, if I take too much of it. Moderate side effects, you know, I haven't experienced any crazy side effects. I've most of ever taken 50 milligrams per day. 50 milligrams did elevate when I took a bite self did elevate by liver enzymes slightly. It wasn't anything crazy. It was probably at 90% range that they were talking about. When combined with 50 milligrams of wind straw in my last contest prep, my liver enzymes were destroyed. So I will not do that again. I will take lower doses or any shorter duration and also use some liver support with it. I've never had trouble with liver enzymes before, so this was the first for me. Like, significant trouble. So next time I will use liver support, probably take a lower dose. And if I does upset my stomach, I've heard people report that. I have to eat it with food. If I take it with an empty stomach, I am in trouble. It does suppress my appetite. All oral seem to suppress my appetite, which when you're in a hypertrophy phase is it disadvantage. You don't want to suppress the appetite. I was always my big complaint with anodrol. I know people love anodrol for size and strength, but I don't want to eat when it takes anodrol. I don't know why you would consider that a good choice if you're not eating and you're trying to put size on. If you're in contest prep in your suppressing your appetite, it's probably a good thing, right? It does harden me up. I will say that. I don't want to be hard to get a drier, a vain ear look within a couple weeks of starting up. It definitely makes me look good. I'm moving forward. I would only use it for, I just don't see it benefit in hypertrophy phases because of what it caused me to stomach. I can use things less tacking to my system. I would only use it moving forward. This is really up to you, but for me personally, I'm only going to use it moving forward for contest prep and in probably the last six to eight weeks. I will be more conservative when using it with a wind straw. Obviously, from my reasoning experience, I'd deal with it. Really, it shouldn't be used in combination with other roles. If you're in a hypertrophy phase and you're taking this with debaul or anodrol, you're fucking crazy. I'm also valpitate in increased liver values or less than an ideal environment for growth. I mean, I just don't understand why people think you're going to grow if you're sick. You know, definitely more drugs work, but if you push the drugs so high you're sick, you're not going to want to train hard, you're not going to want to eat. That's not an ideal environment for growth. So you have to walk the line when it comes to this stuff. One thing I want to add in, I forgot to mention earlier. I'm going to edit this into the video. Anavar is probably outside of the prima bull in the most fake antibiotics. There is a women be careful. I've seen that most UGL, Anavar is actually debaul, sometimes it's even anodrol. So guys probably don't really care, but just, you know, be cautious that the UGL and I'm aware that you're getting it's probably not real. Good, good chunk of it. Usually the you, your pan pharmaceutical grade stuff is real or most of it tends to be. I've also found that anything more than 10 milligrams pills tends to be fake. It's 15 milligrams pills, at least everyone I've ever tested has been faked. You know, so just something to keep in mind when getting out of our. If you like my video, please subscribe to my channel and try to get this thing off the ground. I don't know what I'm doing with it. I have no long-term goal other than just helping people out. There's a lot of shitty information out there. I'm not saying I'm the be all-in-all, but hopefully the information I provide is at least decent and accurate. If I'm not accurate on anything, please let me know. I want to know. Feel free to ask questions in the comment section. I'm happy to answer questions and take suggestions for other videos you like me to do. And follow me on Instagram at Paul K Barnett. Have a great day.