Androgynich to anabolic ratios explained this was a request. I had to use it commented on I'd finalized it anyway so I needed some fodder for videos so figured I'd dig into it a little bit. So you know we'll talk about the ratios and ratings for anabolic to an energetic and energetic to anabolic properties. Before I do that please take the time to like my video subscribe to my channel. Got a lot of people watching videos not a lot of subscribers. So I would really appreciate it if you subscribe to my motivates me to make more videos. And if you want to keep up, let's go on with me. You can follow me on Instagram at Paul K Barnets. All right. So let's dig into this. So first things first, D.D. I understand with energetic properties and anabolic properties are so. Androgynich is the masculinization effects of a, of a steroid body hair growth, deep invoices, development, sex organs, aggression, libido, et cetera. Those are all things that are, and, and, and, and, and large amount of prostate things like that, there's are all things that would be considered an energetic properties. Andabolic properties are, you know, at a high level, the muscle building nature of, of the, uh, steroid, you know, dig a little bit deeper into it. It does, you know, a little bit more increased protein, synthesis, improved body composition. Um, increased bone remodeling, increased muscle and, uh, anapolism. Um, so, establish that, well, well, you know, we'll dig into how these ratings are, are, how they're figured out. Um, so determining the anabolic, or energetic anabolic ratio, um, the method uses called the, uh, herchberger bio essay, the method compares the relative weights of the eventual prostate and the leveter, any muscle of a male rat. So really what you're doing is comparing prostate tissue growth to muscle growth. All right. Um, the, the prostate growth is an indicator of the endroginic effect of the steroid, the muscle weight growth is an indicator of the anabolic effect of the steroid. Um, in this testing method, it's been used for 50s or is it, you know, it is considered the established method, um, for evaluating these things, the control group of male rats are castrated and given, um, no anabolic steroid treatment. The test group are also castrated, but they are given anabolic, um, anrogenic steroid, um, the substance that's being evaluated, you know, so they can compare the two. The prostate, to muscle ratio for an a a a a s is calculated as the, um, ratio of the prostate growth versus the muscle growth, um, that the tested steroid produced, um, untreated rats are the baseline for the steroid. Um, when, for the math for the ratios test, theosterone is, is considered the base, um, you know, that all others are, are evaluated off of. So they, the testosterone has a one to one ratio and practicality testosterone does not exactly have a one to one ratio, but that's what it's, what is used to evaluate the other, um, substances, um, their scale to testosterone. So let's take a look at some common ratings that we have here, um, testosterone, as I said, one to one, um, Debal, um, has an anrogenic rating of 40 to 60 in anabolic radio of 92 to 10. There's variability in, in both equipoies is 50 and 100. Halo is 850 to 1900. Holy shit. Nanhalo is 37 to 125. Trin is 500 to 500. Uh, meant is 650 to 2300. Holy crap. Uh, Previron is 30 to 50 to 150 to 150. When starls 30 to 320, um, Annover is 24 to 32 to 630 per bowl and is 57 to 88. And it draws 45 to 320. So it sounds like everybody should be taking Halo and meant right. Uh, if only that was true. You know, these, I don't, I don't read too much into these numbers. I'll be honest with you. Um, if you, they, they, they, what, what, what shows up and rats is not working in practicality and humans, you know, according to these numbers, um, Proviron is more anabolic than Nandrolone. And we all know that's an outtrue. Nandrolone actually doesn't have that high of an anabolic rating. Compared to the task, but uh, I find it to be one of the best, um, AAS is for, for muscle growth. It just is. I use this as a guide post and nothing more. I mean, Trin has a rating of 500 and 500, you know, in theory it's five times more powerful and test. It is pretty powerful. So I just don't put a lot of, don't read into these numbers too much. Don't, I would go with practical experience on these things. You know, like I said, their guide post, but I, what happens in real life is not what these, these things indicate. The ratings also don't account for the unique effects of the drugs, like you know, some might have suppression of cortisol, you know, you know, the collagen growth with, with with, uh, with, uh, with, uh, with, uh, Nandrolone that you don't get with others other, they're, they're just, there's just stuff that that doesn't factor in it. It, it's an over the over some complications. I'll be honest with you. I find it to honestly be useless. So I wouldn't read too much into those ratings. Um, people people get a bone or forearm and I, I think you're just kind of wasting your time, um, getting too focused on them. Anyway, that's my two cents. Take that for a while. It's worth hopefully you found this helpful. Please, once again, please like and subscribe. If you have other videos you'd like me to make, I'm happy to do so. Um, you know, make suggestions if you have any questions about this, please let me know. Um, anyway, thank you for watching.