anti-assurgyans for bodybuilding. I'm going to do a whole series of videos on the various types of anti-assurgyans how they are deployed in bodybuilding. This seems to be one that a lot of bros get confused on and just fuck up in general. They don't understand how anti-assurgyans work. They don't apply them correctly and they don't understand the health ramifications of incorrect anti-assurgyans use. As I mentioned in my other videos, my number one objective here is harm reduction. Anti-assurgyans are necessary at times in bodybuilding. I have to use them. I have lots of trouble with estrogen. Some people don't. I'll talk about when you need to use it when you don't. I'll get it in more detail on the other videos. But this is just kind of like a high-level overview of what the different types of anti-assurgyans are that are used to bodybuilding and when we apply them. Before I get started, please like my video, subscribe to my channel. I get a lot of people watching the videos, not a lot of people subscribing. I'd really appreciate it if you subscribe to share my videos. If you like them, a lot of people like it subscribe to crank out more of this stuff. It's so far it seems like people are enjoying the information. Anyway, let's dig into anti-assurgyans. Bodybuilding uses for anti-assurgyans. It's primarily used to combat high-assurgyan levels. They're best used with steroids that heavily converted to estrogen tests, etc. I have had issues with estrogen even without using steroids. I had gynaub before I ever even touched an antibiotic steroid. It's not always an issue with just people using AAAS. It can happen naturally. The crazy thing to me is that doctors don't seem to know about it and don't prescribe it for young men that have gynacomasia issues. It just blows my fucking mind. Anyway, that's a rant for another day. The primary, you know, beyond that, primary use in bodybuilding is to prevent or shrink bird-existing gynaub. A caveat to that, if gynaub has progressed to the point that you have a massive hard lump, a lot of times surgery is the only option to get rid of that. Small lumps probably, pea size, or maybe marble size or smaller, you can get rid of without surgery. If you use the right anti-assurgyans, I have another video up on how to get rid of gynaub without surgery. There are also used to combat estrogen related bloating. And on contest prep, when you're near the end and you really need to dry out, guys will deliberately crush their estrogen. Not the best for your health long term. Really, you can fuck up your lipids. But, you know, a couple weeks, not the end of the world, doing it year round. It has a cumulative effect. We'll mess you up in the long run. But, you know, you need to get that last little bit of estrogenic fat off in contest prep. You need to get some water off, you know, crushing estrogen towards the end of contest prep can be beneficial. You know, there's a general use as we see in bodybuilding. This is why word guys just get thoroughly confused. And while all anti-assurgyans into the same category, they are not the same. Primarily in bodybuilding, we see two classes of anti-assurgyans in use, which are aromatees inhibitors in serums, selective estrogen receptor modulators. So let's look at aromatees inhibitors first. First of all, need to explain what aromatees is. I don't want to assume that people even know what aromatees is. This is taken directly from medicine.net. It's their definition. It aromatees, it's an enzyme involved in the production of estrogen that acts by catalyzing the conversion of testosterone and angrogen. Hopefully, you know that. To estrodyal and estrogen. So, you know, that too aromatees is located in the estrogen producing cells in the adrenal glands, ovaries, placenta, testicles, adipose tissue fat. I want to make a point about that. The fat are you are the more test you convert to estrogen. So dudes, when you're 30% body fat, you should not probably be taking a shit ton of estosterone and a large chunk of it's going to convert to estrogen. Just saying in the brain, taking from medicine.net. So now that we understand that aromatees inhibitors, obviously, are going to inhibit the aromatees enzyme, which prevents the conversion of steroid hormones, testosterone to estrogen. And the different classes are the different types of aromatees inhibitors have different effects and different strengths with letharousol being the nuclear bomb of aromatees inhibitors. I'm going to do profile videos on all the aromatees inhibitors that I see used in bodybuilding, which is pretty much an ashesol letharousol and exomestame. I'll have those up, so I'm not going to get any detail on those, but if you want more detail on how each works, I will have those up. Serum selective estrogen receptor modulators they work completely different than, than aromatees inhibitors do. Serums selectively bind with the estrogen receptor in the breast tissue while leaving other estrogen receptors alone. So a certain will occupy the estrogen receptor in your man boobs and prevent estrogen from interacting it with it while leaving other estrogen receptors alone. Why is that important that it's leaving others alone because serums don't fuck up other things that AI is do such as your cholesterol. So, estrogen is important for keeping your lipets and balance, bone density, keeping it from getting osteoporosis or joint health. Anybody who's crushed the estrogen knows that your joints feel awful. So, you know, that is an advantage of using serums sometimes aren't enough, you know, if you're trying to get rid of blood. The other estrogen's base side effects, it's not going to do it, but if you're just purely looking out for gyna, using a serum might be the better choice. Common serums that we see in bodybuilding, unless people use tobacco, hopefully people aren't using clomet anymore, clomethm, etc. So, if you're looking at a fucking garbage, or lots of fun, I've never used a toarm machine. I've heard good things about it, I've never tried it either, but to my sense, it seems to be the most commonly used. It's also the most commonly one that's prescribed for breast cancer treatment. Application, so when to use each, kind of talk about it a little bit, but rummeteze inhibitors, if you have excessive estrogen levels, like super high estrogen levels, and you need to bring this puppies down, rummeteze inhibitors are probably your, your go to here. My estrogen levels go through the fucking roof, even when I'm not on anything. I don't know why my body just likes to make estrogen, even when I'm lean. It doesn't matter, my body, my estrogen levels are always high. I just recently had blood work done when I was cruising up 200 milligrams of tests for TRT. My estrogen levels were twice what they should be. So for someone like me and anti-estrogated is important, get your blood work done, don't guess. Make sure you find out if you actually need it, a lot of guys use it and don't need it. You know, it can, if all your testosterone is converting to estrogen, then your testosterone is less effective. It can make your testosterone more effective. Keep in mind, the rheumatase inhibitors, this is very important. Do not work with not a rheumatizing hormones, okay? So if you're watching in my other videos, we know that anodraught has a direct effect on the estrogen receptor, but it does not a rheumatize, okay? Does not a rheumatize. If it doesn't a rheumatize, guess what? rheumatase inhibitors aren't going to help. So if you get gyna from anodraught, I have a rheumatase inhibitors and I could help you. Trin, it's another example. Trin doesn't aromatize, but it has a progestinic effect, and can cause issues with progesterone-based gynachamacia. You know, if you don't have issues with gyna, you don't need a serum. I mean, it's suppose that. I don't know. I see like guys, if you don't have gyna issues that take serum, you don't need it. It's just blocking the estrogen receptor in the breast tissue, and if you don't have issues with that, then I don't know why you need it. It's, you know, my opinion. It is a good option for men who are sensitive to gyna, but have that aromatase inhibitors crush their lipids. Since the serum's do not bind with the liver, it doesn't fuck up your cholesterol level, so it's a good effect. There's been some evidence that it actually improves. Also, I'll help fold with non-aromatizing hormones like anodoro. Talk about earlier. I don't think it has any effect with trin though. I have to, you know, fold disclosure. We have to talk about aromatase inhibitor risk. You know, they do carry some risk. Once again, this is relative to what your estrogen levels are. But if you completely, if you use aromatase inhibitors and you completely crush your estrogen, it could cause these are long term side effects. These are short term. You know, doing a few weeks before contests prep, I'm not going to have long term damage on you. It's like going out and getting hammered one night a year. Probably not going to kill you. But if you do it every night, you know, get drunk off your ass every night. It's going to have a cumulative effect and you're going to probably die from from alcohol related issues. So, if you're taking, crushing your estrogen over the long term, the risk that you could have bone-menomeral degradation. Long term, I see a process. You know, you can end up being a guy with osteoporosis. Just doesn't happen to men usually. But you don't want to be in that situation, especially not when you're lifting heavy weights. You don't want weak and fragile bones. Where's the lipids we talked about that already? You know, over the long term, you could cause plaque build up in your arteries and you're not having a heart attack or a stroke. I'm joined in connective tissue health. Your estrogen is important to join in connective tissue health. Anybody who's crushing estrogen in contests prep or is taking letters all that you know what I'm talking about. Your joints start feeling creaky. They hurt. Another side effect. A lot of people don't talk about it. If you completely crush your estrogen, you lose all your sex drive. You don't want to fuck. And you can end up with a rectal dysfunction as well. I'm going to do a whole video about that at some point to the very complex, stupid things that need to happen to make that area work. So, the more all the story with, I don't want to scare you away from a rheumatoid inhibitors. They are an esoteric surgeon. They're necessary for me. But you need to find the sweet spot when using it. Don't use them near around when heavy doses are completely crush your estrogen just because you want to look ripped and lean all year around. You're going to end up having a heart attack or stroke probably. If you're crushing your lipids around, you're going to have problems when you're in your late 40s or early 50s. So, find the sweet spot. Get your blood worked on. I mentioned it already. And I'm talking about it in other videos. I think I added an ester dial test to my recent blood weight. It was like $15. It's nothing compared to what people spend on. You spend more than that on chicken. If you're not having a gastrodiol, it actually makes an educated decision when it comes to dosing. If your ester dial is in line, you're not having gyno-comastios symptoms, then you don't need it. Don't take shit. You don't need it. That's going to preserve your long-term health and give you better results in the gym. The least amount possible is always the best. So, find the sweet spot. If you do need it, in my case, my estrogen was twice what it should have been on TRT. Obviously, I need something to bring that in line. So, I use a little bit and start off with a low dose. Retested a few weeks and see where I'm at to get myself in a spot where it's manageable and good for my health. I talked to Guy at the gym recently. He was telling me he is doctorating taking 1 mg of an astrosal every fricking day on TRT. What the fuck? He said, you said, you said, how you had no sex drugs and he said, he fell off all of it. I'm like, well, that's why. I told him to get his blood work done and he came back and told me that his estrogen was zero. But what do you feel like shit? I just blows my mind that a doctor wouldn't test that. But a lot of doctors are idiots. Anyway, this is beside the point. Thank you for watching my video. Please like and subscribe. We get a lot of people watching my videos. Not many people subscribing. Feel free to ask questions in the comments section. If there are other videos you would like me to make, I'd be happy to do so. It's all in my own Instagram, Apple. Okay. Barnett. Thank you.