I'm understanding a room of taste. We're taking a look today at a room of taste. I'm doing a bunch of videos on anti-assurgyns and most of them are a room of taste inhibitors. And I would say that it's important to understand what you're actually inhibiting. I see you can properly apply the drug and use it correctly. I think a lot of guys in bodybuilding are not using a room of taste inhibitors correctly. They don't know when to use them, how to use them, and even understand how a room of taste works. But let's dig into a little bit a room of taste. How Andrew Gyms are converted to estrogen. Before I do that, please subscribe to my channel. I get a lot of people watching my videos. Not a lot of people subscribing. I really appreciate it if you subscribe. My intentions to keep making these videos. But if there's a motivation to do so, I need people to subscribe. Also like the video, share with other people if you find it information helpful. If you have anything else that you want me to make videos, please let me know. Follow me at on Instagram to a poll-k bar or not. I'll give you the heads up when the stuff's coming out. Okay, so a room of taste. What is a room of taste? It is a enzyme that is responsible for a key step in the bio synthesis of astrogens. Bodybuilding. There's many hormones that there are antibiotic-entrogenic steroids that we use that are We have testosterone. Testosterone converts roughly into 20% Keep in mind that's an average. It can be more. It can be less depending on your genetics. Body fat percentage. It is responsible for the conversion of angiogen into estrogen. That is the process called aromatization. You'll hear that mentioned in bodybuilding from time to time. Aromatize enzyme in the men is primarily found in adipose tissue. It's made of other places in the brain. The gonads as well. But primarily in adipose tissue. So the fat are you are the more aromatase you make. Which means the more you're going to aromatize steroids that convert into estrogen. So consider that when making your choices of a a assisted employee. If you're 30% of body fat, you probably don't want to be taken a bunch of testosterone. It also transforms and are seen dion into estron and testosterone into estrodiologist. You know the different types of estrogens. Aromatize though, you know, so here's the thing. You don't want to completely crush your estrogens. It's a fine balance. Aromatize does play. It's important to help aromatize and estrogen are neuroprotective. And long term aromatase inhibitor abuse can lead to things such as neuropathy, nerve damage. It can also lead to, you know, there's other things they protect to bone health. You know, a subestrogen is necessary for bone health. You know, you can end up having osteoporosis if you don't have enough estrogen. Also, excessive estrodiologist aromatase suppression. And indirectly through the reduction of estrogen causes lipid issues. You end up crushing your cholesterol. And which short term. No big deal if you're just doing it for a couple weeks for contests prep. Not the end of the world, but if you completely crush your estrogen for years after year. You can end up having plaque build up in your arteries and have a heart attack or stroke as a result. There's other things to mention too, but, you know, those are the key things we're worried about with body building health. Neurological damage, you know, brain damage, numbness in your hands, numbness in your feet. Any up, us your process alone to have an heart attack or stroke, those are big deal. Now, it's not to say that it's super dangerous to do this, but you want to properly apply the drug. A lot of, a lot of guys end up using aromatase inhibitors when they aren't necessary. And that comes in from doing blood work. Do your blood work, find out where you're at. And, you know, find out if you truly need it. Also, if you're with symptoms, if you're not exhibiting symptoms of issues with estrogen, you know, such as gynacomascia, which is the main thing we're concerned about in body building. Especially the off season, who cares if you're blowing it up some, but don't worry about depression or estrogen. There are diseases that cause issues with aromatase. There is excess aromatase syndrome where some people just make too much aromatase. I wonder sometimes about myself if I don't have something similar. Although a lot of these guys that have that end up with stonigroth and full blown breast tissue. But I had gyna as a teenager before I ever even used anything. I hadn't touched a thing. And I had gyna when I was a teenager. And anytime I get my estrogen checked, it is through the root. I mean, there's been times it's been in the hundreds without even being on anything. It's nuts. And probably explains my, you know, I've had lots of issues with gynacomascia over the years. And I suspect other guys do too. There's also aromatase deficiency syndrome where people just don't make aromatase. You know, I hear these guys that can take tons and tons and tons of testosterone. Two, three grams testosterone. And their estrogen levels never get high. I suspect that they have the genetic mutation that allows them to get away with that. You'll see it sometimes in women that are mescalized where women will have beard, facial hair. You know, male characteristics. And it's often from aromatase deficiency syndrome, not always, but it can be. Considerations for cycles. I kind of briefly touched on this earlier, but. If you're fat, you know, if your body fat percentage is really high, you probably don't want to be loading up on a ton of aromatizable compounds. And don't be taking two grams of test week, you're just going to end up converting most of it or a large chunk of it's a third of it into estrogen. You're going to have a huge estrogen bomb and then you have to use heavy amounts of aromatase inhibitors to counteract it. And those come with their own rest to you know, more drugs to counteract the drugs you're taking. You should always try to use the least amount possible. I do this for harm reduction. This is why I put these videos out to try to help people to make good choices. You know, so always the. You guys take. Take drug A and then need drug B to manage the side effects for that and then need drug C to manage the side effects from that one. So it's it's just a cascade of bullshit that you get yourself into. So the the least amount of drugs you can use or always the best. So if you know that you are aromatized heavily. Don't take a ton ton of aromatizing hormones, you know, if you're high body fat. Stick with the dry compounds. And news lower doses of test, you know, you want some tests in your system for sexual function and just, you know, to get. You know, some of the masculinization benefits that men need from test, but you don't have to take a ton. So if you're going to have to take a ton of tests for 50 milligrams to 200 milligrams per week. You should survive at T RT levels and then throw something on top of it like premo bowling. Something that doesn't aromatize. If you don't aromatize by all means taking advantage of it, you know, load up. The old saying test is best. I don't know if I agree with that necessarily, but if you can get away with taking a ton of tests and not have estrogen issues. You know, just be careful with the other side effects, but you know, it's all individual. That's how a lot of the stuff is just because person your favorite pro bodybuilder says he takes this. These compounds doesn't mean you can get away with the same thing. You don't have histinetics. You don't have his makeup. And you also don't know if he's telling the truth either. Well, these guys are full of shit. So make your own decisions based on your health. Get blood worked on. No if you truly need it. And go from there. Hopefully this is helpful. Thank you for watching my video. Please like and subscribe. I know I keep saying that's really appreciated. If you subscribe, feel free to ask questions. I'm happy to answer any questions you have. You know, I have a Facebook. I have a Facebook page as well. You know, group or I'm kind of going to do Q and A's on there. And if there's other videos you want me to make on topics and open suggestions. And follow me on Instagram at Paul Cave Barnett. Thank you.