I wanted to do a quick video on actual studies and research about the side effects of aromatase and inhibitors and health consequences. As I mentioned in other videos, my primary objective with this channel is harm reduction. A lot of young guys are going to do this stuff regardless of what the health consequences are. But hopefully I can help people mitigate some of that with information. I do think a lot of bodybuilders overuse and abuse and aromatase inhibitors. They don't hit people worried about the side effects of AAS use, but don't consider the side effects of the Encelerate Drug use. And aromatase inhibitors can have some nasty long-term side effects that guys don't consider. So a lot of these things are not going to affect you in the short term. But if you're crushing aromatase inhibitors year-round, year after year, decade after decade to keep yourself that hard lean look, you might end up having some problems down the road. I have two short excerpts from some studies and research I found through PubMed and the USA Pharmacist Association that talks about it. One thing, I don't know why guys don't consider using XMSD and more often for aromatase inhibitors. Since people go for aromatase all the time, if you must use aromatase inhibitor in the off season when you're blocking, I personally think you should probably try to go without it if you can, or engineer your cycle so you don't need them. Less drugs is always better. XMSD through the study I found on PubMed by the team Greek medical study of cancer patients found that XMSD had no negative effect on cholesterol. And it was when the lectures in a master's hall were fucked across all up. And XMSD actually reduced triglyceride levels and to maximum was found to increase triglyceride levels. So if you're worried about cardiovascular health for a long term, it seems like XMSD might be the better choice for a long term use as far as health benefits go. Sting the most healthy. It's just what I found. Adverse side effects of aromatase inhibitors, XMSD shares some of these but for lectures all in an ashes all. There's some pretty nasty side effects that can cause hypertension, vasodilation, adema, chest pain, elevated lipids, that there's a long term going to affect your cardiovascular health. You could end up with a blocked artery or have a stroke. Patients may increase the decreased bone mineral density increase risk of fracture. Muscins skeletal pain, headache and somnia depression increase cough. It could have neurological effects as well on the brain. Like issues, bone loss is a predominant side effect. Patients on A, I, according to this study, should use vitamin D and calcium supplementation. I will tell you for my own experience. When I had my contests properly, my calcium levels were low in my blood work. I've never had issues with low calcium levels but I was crushing the AIs that didn't at the lectures all at the end of my contests prep. That is the reason why more than likely that my calcium levels were low. I supplemented vitamin D and calcium for 45 days get about blood work we've done. Fine, it was fine. So, just something to consider. Long-term guys are looking at blocked arteries, potential osteoporosis, things like that. So, I'd be judicious with the use of a rubber tays and inhibitors. Once again, I'm going to repeat this. Less drugs are always better. And if you want to get huge in bodybuilding, you have to do this for a long time. Long-term use of some of the stuff can have negative effects on your health. So, you want to use the least amount possible to get the job done and be smart with what you use. I am going to record another video on a smart cycle construction but if you have a hard, difficult time with the roomization, maybe you should stay away from stuff that I romanticise this heavily. Just the thought and then you might not need an aromatase inhibitor. Just something to consider. Hopefully this helps. Have a great day. Thank you.