Best compounds for a vascularity. So I got a request for what are the best things for making you vascular? To be honest with you about this, you know, I've had a lot of people asking this question to pass it. It was a good question. I appreciate you asking it. Vascularity is largely dependent upon body fat percentage and your genetics. I mean, some people just have big veins that sit in the surface. I am one of them. I can be fat ass and I still have veins. I have veins before I ever took anything. I'd be off gear. I still have veins all over the place. My dad, you know, he's almost 70 years old. He has vein arms and has never done anything in his life. So part of it's just genetics. With that said, there are compounds that do make you seem to enhance vascularity. If you have that, propensity genetically, first of all, get your body fat down. If you're about 20% most people aren't going to be that vascular. I mean, even with me, I mean, there are the I lose vascularity in certain areas. One, I am my body fat higher. If you're holding water, if you're fat, you're just not going to be vascular. The compounds that I found that seem to be that in help with vascularity, the world shape of vascularity for me is trend. I mean, I take trend within a week, man. My veins are popping everywhere. It's probably because my blood pressure is through the roof. I don't know, or if there's something special about trend. And of our also seems to be good for vascularity as well. Any really any of the DHT compounds, animals, specifically, master on seems to help. But for me, the the champ is trend. It's just as simple as that trend. Makes me feel like shit, but trend makes me look like a million bucks. Can't sleep, sweat, full of anxiety, bad mood. But you know, you look great on trend. Don't worry about, you know, I know, I think don't be focused on being vascular year-round either. It's probably not healthy for you. You know, eclene, you know, be smart with your cycles. Don't worry about that unless you're training for a contest or have some specific purpose. But trend is the champ when it comes to vascularity. Hopefully find this helpful. Take care.