Warning, this content is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Alright Jim Bros. Big Paul here today with another Anna Bala KQ and A. This is where I break down your questions regarding training, nutrition and responsible performance enhancement. All while showing you how to get the best results while reducing harm from the stupid crap you Bros. Love to do. I have some fantastic questions lined up today from my school and a bodybuilding members community. You can join over there if you want your questions answered on the Q&A for 30 bucks a month. Link is in the video description below. Here are just a few of the questions I am going to cover today. In your opinion, what are the two compounds that show the most synergy besides HGH and insulin? If you're strength recovery and blood work are all looking great, is there any harm and extending a cut beyond 20 weeks to get to your desired body composition? When running tests in EQ, what specific cholesterol numbers should make you consider running a statin or lowering your doses? What were the Olympia judges rewarding when giving Derek the title this year over HODY? What specific criteria wins in the Olympia? And I have these questions in a bunch of other great ones and we'll dig into all those in just one second. Alright folks, before we dig into this, I ask you to please like this video and subscribe to my channel. I get a lot of people watching and not a lot of people subscribing. I also just spun up a rumble channel. I've got to be posting exclusive content over there. Coming soon, I am replicating YouTube content over there as well. I have all my content distributed from here to X over on Instagram as well. Follow me on all those platforms if you want to keep up with the latest and greatest that's going on. And first question I got lined up here today is from Stephen K. Stephen asked on a high carb day is when carbs like Luke. You recommend keeping fats as low as possible. Can you break down how you like to structure your fat and take on medium and low carb days? For example, how low do you typically go in are there specific sources, timing and strategies that you prefer when it comes to selecting fats on carbs like dyes? Okay, so let's kind of start with a high level logic here with carbs like why we rotate fat intake. When we are doing the high carb a high-grade day, they're essentially a high calorie day. So we're going to be in a big surplus on those high calorie days with a carbs like lint diet. I typically run one to two high carb-hunter days depending on what phase of the season we're in. If we're trying to cut, if we're trying to lose body fat, it's typically one high carbohydrate day per week. We're just going to be in a caloric surplus. The idea with that day is we're going to go into a caloric surplus. We're going to be in a caloric surplus, we're going to be in a caloric surplus. We know in a caloric surplus we're definitely not burning fat, so we want to minimize fat gain in that day. Sort of the hack of the body's energy management system, so that we are taking advantage of how the body partitions energy, specifically glucose. So what we're going to do is take advantage of the day being a high calorie state replenished glycogen. Now the reason why we want to keep fats on that low on that day is because of the surplus in theory, any extra calories that we are getting from the body partitions energy management system. In theory, any extra calories that we are getting from fats are likely going to just be stored as body fat. Because your body either burns fats as fuel or stores them as adipose tissue for the most part. There are some essential fatty acids that are used in metabolic purposes, cellular repair. Things like that in vitamin transport, but it's a very minimal amount. It's not a ton. I do keep a little bit of VFA's in on the high carbohydrate day, maybe a few grams of fish oils, something like that. But nothing crazy, but we really want to keep the fat intake as low as humanly possible on that day to minimize fat gain. And get us in a caloric surplus where we're synthesizing glycogen. Really the whole crux, the core concept of carbs likely is we want to minimize fat gain, maximize muscle glycogen synthesis and maximize muscle gain. And we rotate through these different days. Now on the medium and low days, it depends on the phase of the diet that we're in. For an acute phase, I'll run the low days really low. We'll do a deep caloric deficit on the low days a lot of times to enhance fat loss on those days. And the medium days are usually either in a slight caloric deficit or net neutral as far as calories good depending on how hard we're trying to push the fat loss. And in the off season, generally the medium days are in a slight surplus or kind of isoccaloric or it just depends on body composition, how the body is responding. And it typically what I'll do depending on how we're progressing, how the body composition is looking, we'll push the fats a little bit higher on the low days. We'll keep the fats moderate on the medium days and keep them as low as possible on the high days. Now we do know that you do need a certain amount of essential fatty acids in your diet. We do know that you need some fats in your diet. We try to keep the saturated fats as low as possible. You are going to get some saturated fats from your protein sources just on avoidable. And you do need a little bit for bile production and things like that. But ultimately saturated fats for the most part are just the energy production. And I hear guys talk about frequently needing saturated fats in their diet for hormones, etc. Yada yada. Steroidal hormones are derived from the cholesterol molecule. And I've got to really see anybody deficient in cholesterol. So really the need to eat a ton of saturated fats, especially if you're in enhanced athlete, it's just completely unnecessary. So we want to try to keep those as low as possible. And not only that they do seem to increase lipid skewing, which is also a problem when we're running PED. So we want to keep saturated fats as low as possible. And what we want to do with the medium and low days still keep our protein sources as lean as we possibly can. If we are going to eat fatty or proteins, we want to eat protein sources that are rich in essential fatty acids or something like Sam and something like that. Some cuts of red meat say, for example, an organic bison may have a bit more central fatty acids and it's in say like a typical corn fed, you know, cheap ground beef would. So we can be a little more liberal with that. But what I usually do is add in some some level of essential fatty acids on those medium days and low days. Based on our carbohydrate consumption, I would say typically what I do, we're going to have probably 30 to 40 grams of fat throughout six meals just from our protein sources. No matter how lean we get our protein sources, you're probably going to get like four or five grams of fat per meal. And so you're going to have some saturated fat in there. It's going to be a few of those grams that are going to be from saturated fat just from how it shakes out with the protein sources during the meal. And then I will do, I will add in essential fatty acids to all the meals except for the pre and post workout window. What I will do in those other meals is add in probably something like seven to 10 grams of essential fatty acids from sources like nuts, abocados, olive oil, sometimes it's high as 14 grams. And so probably we can extra something like 30 to 40 grams of protein or sorry essential fatty acids per day. So if we look at what we have from our typical fat source from our protein sources, we're talking about a total day of something like 60 to 70 grams of fat with more than half of that coming from or essentially half of that. Maybe a little bit more than half of that coming from central fatty acids. Like I said, I like nuts, I like abocados, I like, flexible, I like olive oil, those are typically where I'm getting my, my fat source is from I do keep them away from the workout window. The reason for that is we are going to push carbohydrate to a bit higher during that workout window. And I want those carbohydrates to to, you know, to be delivered quickly and efficiently. Sometimes I'll add in a little bit of carbohydrates during the workout window and I'm assuming that a lot of the poters are also using insulin and that workout window not everybody, but I would say so. But in that case, it is especially important to keep fats away from the workout window because when insulin is present, you're pretty much any, any fat you're going to do. If there's a high probability that it's just going to be stored as body fat. Now on the low days, we are not working on a typically run low days on non workout days. Sometimes I even go zero carbs on the low days and pull the fats up even higher to allow insulin sensitivity to reset a little bit. It just depends on the person. I would say what I've generally seen to be the case is if you get below 150 grams of carbohydrate, you might as well just go to zero. You get below 150 grams, you just feel like dog shit if you don't. But on those days, I'll just spread the fats out throughout the meals and I might take the fats a little bit higher on that day. I might do like something like 60 to 70 of ad if fats on that on that day. On on the low days. So a lot of times low days will shake out to be just protein vegetables in a habit fats from EFA's. But typically that's how it shakes out with the carbs cycling diet. I found if you do that, that's enough to keep you healthy. I hope you keep your lipids in range, especially if you're using PDs, supplementing in the EFA's will keep. Sometimes I'll see HDL come up in that case and HDL suppression is a problem when your own PDs just depends on the type of PD that you're running. I also notice the body composition stays in a great place when you cycle through things like that with typically guy stay leaner. I minimize fat gain, maximize muscle gain, and prioritize insulin sensitivity by rotating through the carbohydrate intake and fat intake. Hopefully that answers your question. All right. Next question. I got here from Joseph A. Joseph asks from your personal experience, which two compounds, whether antibiotics, steroids or peptide, seem to create the most synergy together, aside from the classic HDH and insulin combination. What kind of results or effects have you seen with those compounds when they are used correctly? I mean, I don't know that HDH and insulin are the epic combination, but I honestly found that testosterone or GH are the kind of the baseline of performance enhancement. It seems like a lot of guys are scared to run GH and look at it. It's sort of had a lot of mystery and legend and just brometh it around the dangers of HDH use. We have a lot of long-term data on it now that shows that it's really dangerous if you are intelligent with it. It's probably out of the compounds that we take, besides testosterone, it's probably the safest thing that we can take. We have a baseline of growth hormone in HDH and we're really hitting two different pathways here. Testosterone is the core male hormone that's present in our body and it's going to convert the DHT and estrogen and is essential to basically being a man. It's important for growing muscle. And growth hormone, we are hitting a different pathway here. We have the IGF1 pathway and most men that are over over 40, 35, 40 are severely deficient in HDH. You can see the changes in the bodybuilding community before guys used growth hormone or athletes used growth hormone. They're really, we're not many people that were successful in bodybuilding or professional sports past their late 30s. I don't think it's a coincidence that that's one GH typically declined on our rapid, you know, decline rapidly. We can see it. And it seems you know, just anecdotally speaking that GH declines before testosterone does. I've seen 60 year olds with high testosterone levels, but most guys over 40 have no existing growth hormone levels. So that would make sense to supplement those together and they synergize well because they are the bio identical hormones that are key to being a vital human being a man basically. Outside of that as far as performance enhanced because you already mentioned the GH and insulin, they are counter regulatory hormones and they do they do have a synergy that work well together. We are doing all about that. One of the other ones I find that works really well and you can ask anybody, both of the does contest prep is trend and clin. If you want to rapidly change body composition, there really is no more efficient way at least I haven't seen it to rapidly change body body composition than trend and clin. They just work really well together. The synergize really well. Trend is very effective at changing body composition. Climbing was a very effective fabric. My opinion still probably the king of fat burning compounds that we have, although there's some compelling new stuff out with all peptides that we have now. Those are both compelling. Now when it comes to the strength portion, you can ask any power left or power left or flucking love and adorone decka. Anodrol and decka are like apple pie and ice cream. You want to be big, blow it and run some anodrol and decka. Those two are a little less of testosterone or whatever. I love to combo. There are some interesting stuff going on with the peptides now. I've seen some pretty radical changes in body composition with guys this year running. I'm going to treat my C and SLUPP332. I will be honest with you. It was pretty skeptical of all three. When they first came out, I probably was one of the guys that was in the column. I'm not really sure about the stuff a year ago. What I have seen this year is people that have been resistant to fat loss, especially people that really struggle with losing weight. That combination seems to have busted people past plateau. That's not to say they don't come with down sides and potential problems. We really don't know what the long term effects are using these things. We don't have long term data on it. We assume that it's pretty safe and paper. It seems like it might be better for you than running heavy doses of say tremble on. I've seen some pretty radical changes in body composition. Guys that couldn't lose fat before getting lean, even without doing cardio. It's pretty fucking wild with the exercise. I'm not a contender. I'm a contender. I'm a contender with the GLP1, which is going to press appetite and proven salinson sensitivity. I've had no problems with the Dansjum effects of the GLP1s. I do have some concern. Long term concerns about gastric emptying with the GLP1s. I've seen a lot of fat loss for more than a year. I've seen a lot of fat loss. I've seen a lot of fat loss. It's when you get low that 10% fat and when the body fat is really hairy. Getting down to 10% you can just keep cutting until you hit your goal. You'll know when it's time to pull back and take a break, a die break. Generally what I see is you get to a point where cardio is maxed out. You really can't take calories much lower. I really, for me, I don't like having guys go more than 90 minutes of cardio per day. And that's my absolute maximum. I don't like guys doing more than 15,000 steps per day. That's sort of my absolute maximum when it comes to cardio-vascular activity. I don't like guys to get much below say, I don't really have a caloric number, but 150 grams of carbs on a medium day. Down to maybe 20, 30 grams of fat. If at much below that, unless you're on contest prep, I don't like to take things much below that. I would say probably 1,800 calories for a dude, 1,800 to 2,000 calories for a dude. I don't like going much lower than that for extended periods of time. And what I find is that just after a while your metabolism just gives up and stops working. And then we have to take a die break, 6 to 8 weeks, and slowly push the food back up and try to get them to go on again. Pull back the cardio, give your body a break, and then we can do it another push. But with that said, if you're cruising along, you feel great. Blood works great, you haven't maxed out your cardio, you haven't maxed out your caloric deficit, your cruising along, still losing weight, feeling great. Sure, keep going, keep trucking. And as I mentioned before, if you started off at 30% body fat, and you're down to 16 or 17 now, I don't know where you're at, but I'm just throwing out arbitrary numbers, you're going to have more runway. The guys that have a lot of fat to lose can keep pushing for longer than dudes that are already lean, and trying to get down to single digit, low single digit body fat. I mean, that run from 10% down to 5% body fat sucks. And your body really does not want to be much leaner than 8% to 10% body fat. That's where most people let your some sort of gin and mute, and where their body just says, no, we're not, we're not going to get leaner than this. This is not where we want to be, and you have to really do some extreme shit to get down there. But I would say if your goal is the 10% goal, you feel good, everything's lined up. Sure, keep trucking. Alright, next question here is from Dave F. Dave said, I am planning on a cycle of 500 milligrams of testosterone, and 200 to 400 milligrams of EQ per week. I might each deal in LDL cholesterol levels are currently within normal ranges. And I'll be checking in our blood work every four weeks. At one point, should changes in my cholesterol, start becoming a concern enough to warrant either increasing statin dosage or reducing my test in EQ, and what markers do you look for when deciding those to make those adjustments? What we typically see when guys are on cycle, there is going to be some suppression of HDLs. HDL is almost always suppressed when you're on cycle. I would say 98% of the blood work that I see, there is going to be HDL suppression no matter what. Now it's a matter of how much the HDL is suppressed. LDL, on the other hand, for the most part, is largely related to diet. Now if you have a genetic predisposition to dyslipidemia, I have that, you run into people that do have that. A lot of times it doesn't matter what the fuck you eat, you're still going to have high LDL. I can get my LDL down into the low 1-hundreds without using drugs like 120-130. Sometimes closer to 100, if I basically eat nothing but chicken and rice and bread. But some of that is genetic as well. Now what I would say to pay attention to is your APAB levels. Ideally we probably want the APAB at 80 or lower. In an ideal way we would probably like LDL below 100. Usually LDL in APAB are closely related. If LDL is high, usually APAB is going to be high too. I know a guy said that LDL doesn't fucking matter, but there is definitely a correlation between APAB and LDL. They're almost always in a related way. If APAB is high, LDL is probably going to be high too in most situations. I don't know that I've honestly ever seen anybody with a low APAB and a high HGL. I've never seen that. I know most doctors that are progressive and up to date with managing with it's really lean on APAB as a indicator of cardiovascular risk and it's probably the stronger predictor of it. Now it is also a ratio of HGL to total cholesterol that matters as well. If your HGL is a bit suppressed in your LDL and APAB or low, probably the risk factor is very low. I wouldn't worry about things too much. Now if your HGL is in the single digits in your LDL is like 150, we got to fucking problem. That's you know, you're increasing the risk of having a cardiovascular, cardiovascular disease down the road of potential cardiovascular events. So I would take close attention to that. Ideally, I would say we would want our LDL somewhere around 100 or lower. It would be ideally should be at 80 or lower. We want to be in those ranges that probably would be the smart place to be. HDL really when you're on cycle. If you can get it above 30, you're doing great. I almost never see HGL over 40. There are some over the counter supplements that you can use to increase HDL. The initial will have an effect to a certain degree. Nious and if you can tolerate it, it seems to be the most potent at raising HDL. I'd probably leave it start with those as a first line of defense. You can use such a Spurgroma and Red Rice, yeast extract, Red Rice, yeast extract is a natural statin. So to speak, it has statin like effects. It's a very mild. If we were going to resort to using a statin, then we would want to use a Resuvas statin. Preferably it is a hydrophilic statin, not a lipophilic statin. Mypophilic statins are going to cause the muscle and tendon issues that we have problems with the also penetrate the blood. Brain barrier more easily since the brain is fat. So hydrophilic statins are going to come with less risk. The risk for a muscle tissue and cognitive health goes. And probably usually that combination of Resuvas statin and Zedomhym seems to be the most effective way of for bodybuilders. Our community, Zedomhym works through the GI to lower lower cholesterol. So that combination of those two really, from what I understand, I think five milligrams of Resuvas statin or it's like 10 milligrams of Resuvas statin and five milligrams of Zedomhym or more effective if I recall correctly than 40 milligrams or maybe it was 20 of Resuvas statin by itself. But I would just keep an eye on those numbers. Probably get a cardiovascular CT scan done once a while. See if there's any plaque built up. Now, for when I understand that doesn't show soft plaque, I think that's what my cardiologist said. Don't quote me on that, but that's what I recall him saying. But just keep an eye on this thing. Keep an eye on your blood pressure. All of these other risk factors. If you see triglycerides skewed than that, that's also a problem that needs to be addressed as well. But just keep an eye on things and see where he up. That's kind of where I would take it and go from there. All right. Next question is from Jodi. Yes, what's your take on injectable oral compounds? Are they actually more effective or safer compared to actually taking the oral's in their traditional forms? And when, if ever would you consider using them on cycle? So here is the thing with the injectable oral steroids. That's the delivery method. It's not the reason why these are delivered toxic. It is the molecular structure. They are still 17 alpha methylated, regardless of whether you're not going to be a doctor. Regardless of whether you take them or early or through an injectable method, which means that it still needs to be metabolized by the liver. That doesn't change things. Now, there is some evidence that there is a slightly less stress on the first path through the liver. If I can talk English here, when you take injectable versus oral versions of the liver, the lung term effects, as far as liver stress, probably aren't that much different between the two. Now, where I do find they are helpful and beneficial is a lot of times oral steroids. One that are 17 alpha methylated are really rough when you stomach. They fuck your stomach up bad. I can't take anodrial for more than a couple of days before I have massive acid reflux issues. I've seen guys with bleeding ulcers. There are all sorts of problems from running oral steroids or abusing oral steroids. So the main benefit that I would see from using injectable versions of oral steroids is saving. You're got from all the problems that using oral steroids cause with the, with your gut. It may even wreck your gut microbiome. We don't know a whole lot about how the microbiome would all know definitive things about how the microbiome works. But I would speculate that it probably has some effect on it. I know gut microbiome is a big buzzword. But one story short, the chemical structure of the oral steroids still to see whether it is injected or taken orally. It's still going to cause a paddock stress. Regardless, no matter what, there is some argument that it does reduce first pass metabolism stress. But the overall cumulative effect of taking an oral steroids through an injectable route is likely the same long term. They only real benefit would be saving your stomach from getting fucked up from taking the oral steroid. That way. So really, you know, look it's up to you. If you want to save your gut, do the injectable version otherwise not big difference between the two. Alright, next question here is from Philip F. I'm looking to mass up over the next six months while keeping fat gain to an absolute minimum. After check in that shows positive body changes in body comes. How do you decide when to increase calories? And by roughly how much each time is this a threshold you look for weight, visual changes, general performance before Bouncing up and take how do you go about evaluating this? For me, it's pretty simple. I look there's two goals for increase in calories in the off season. In my opinion, I like to make small incremental changes. One we want to put a muscle. That's pretty clear. We want to increase muscle gains. There's only so much you can force it with the diet. Muscle growth. And we want to get your metabolism as high as we possibly can going into a cut phase or if you're a competitive or a contest prep phase. Now if you can get your calorie intake up to say, like let's say if you come in out of a cut and you're cutting at 1800 calories and we can slowly and incrementally raise your average cooler can take up to 4,000 in an off season and massing phase without putting on any major body fat. We're going to have a lot more run way for calorie cuts when we get into a cutting phase. So we could initially come out of the gate. We could cut a thousand calories off of 4,000 calorie diet. Say if I've worked up me personally, I work up to 5,000 calories in terms of an average. Like let's say if I'm at 5,000 and I cut down to 4,000 and I start losing weight at 4,000. I got a lot more run way than the guy that only is eating 2500 calories in his off season. There's only so much you can cut from there and believe me, as you get deeper into a cut, you're going to have to cut calories even more because your metabolism sort of a dab. So over time and you have to keep lowering calories to keep up with your body as it adapts to the lower core can take. So more we can get those calories up in the off season, the more run way we're going to have for lower calories and losing fat during a cutting phase. Now how I go about evaluating this, how I go about increasing calories, it is mostly based off of look. How people are looking in a, in their check in pictures. If I see that hey, guy is staying pretty lean, I bumped up carbohydrate and take it which is usually the wild card that I adjust. I really don't change fat or protein and take that much from cuts to off season usually carbohydrates are the wild card. I'll just keep pressing carbohydrates up as high as I can possibly get away with. And I make small incremental changes I might add 25 grams of carbohydrates a day or 40 grams of carbohydrates per day this week. See what things look like, see if the scale change, see if body composition changed in the coming weeks. And if we can get away with another bump, I'll bump it again. I also let gym performance indicate things if I see an increase in gym performance from the increased food. If I see the body composition is stayed the same, if I see the scale has gone up, then there's really only one positive one that's happened and that's what we put on your muscle tissue. And I also find, and this is just anic, don't, I know science to back this up, this is just my anic, don't, bro science observation that it does seem to be as we increase carbohydrate and taking it off season that they're does seem to be some increase in capacity to synthesize glycogen. We don't have a lot of science to back this up because it really just aren't studies done on dudes like us that are using PEDs, growth hormone insulin, shit like that. And pressing our carbohydrate intake and calories up in the house season, don't know all the shit we're doing so we really only have anic double observation to go with. But I will make small changes usually 25 to 50 grams of carbohydrates once they're one of the days I'll pick one of these like the medium or the. The high day I'll increase a lot of times I leave the low day alone because we want to keep that in a calorie deficit on that day to allow our body to reset. So I'm going to press the calories up on a carbohydrate cycling diet what I'll do is move it up on the medium and high days and I'll see how aggressive we can get with it. I'll just slowly and incrementally start pressing things up and if we get to a point where body composition starts starting to decline. We either make a PED adjustment or I will back down on the carbohydrate intake and that's really it in a nutshell. All right next question here. I've got is from Nathan why he's he asked this is a good one. This is a lot of people really good questions could probably make an episode on it. I may even put this out by itself. Nathan asked can you break down what the judge is really looking at when Derek won the title over. Howdy was this more visible detail in conditioning in person compared to how it came across online and in the pictures. And overall what do you think about the Olympia open standard. And their emphasis where is it at is it mostly shape fullness or conditioning. I think a lot of people don't understand how the judging works and how the evaluation process works and bodybuilding and it really confuses the flock out of people. Most people are just looking at finals. They don't work at pre judging and they see the finals and they're like howdy got robbed howdy got robbed howdy beat Derek howdy looked better than Derek and you are right the judges actually agreed with you. Howdy if you look at the scorecards actually one finals he beat Derek and finals but Derek had enough of the lead over him and pre judging to overcome that if you look at the scorecard I got the scorecard front of me. During finals they the score was eight to seven low score wins so actually one. Howdy won by one point in finals so there was a one point in difference in pre judging. Derek had a six hotty had a nine so there's I think that runs up in a two judge swing now. If I remember correctly how the IFBB does they're judging their seven judges on the panel they throw out the highest and low score and then they keep the scores from the other five judges and then they all rank them from one to 15 and then if you're beyond 15 then you're basically disqualified or whatever they fuck they call you basically just you weren't in the plays. So in finals it was you know it was essentially split of one judge had voted one way different it would have been you know howdy would have won. I mean I you know or I'm sorry if pre judging if there had been one judge different it's it's sorry two judges different hotty would have won or would have been a time I don't know where my mouth is at on this but. It was very close and if you look at the scorecard hotty actually won at finals. So the judges agree with you and I think most people are looking at the final. The final results now as far as. Andrew Jack he was pretty far of had of Samson it looked like in both pre judging in finals. It was a little closer in pre judging and there's one one judge difference between Samson and and you're jacked in but Andrew Jack separated himself in finals and then the rest you know it's kind of. Power which is a mart martin what the his scores were pretty consistent neck walker his scores were pretty consistent didn't really change a whole lot. So the judges pretty much agree but it was really a split decision between. Derek. And hotty you know really either one of them probably could have won if one or two people had voted different. It could have been. I think I said that the audience in the day it is somebody's opinion now I think guys get hyper focused I'm scrolling down here I have the. Judging criteria that the B. B. uses I I grabbed it from their official. Rule book and how they score criteria when it comes to judging people forget there are multiple components that they use for evaluation. Judging where it comes to body button shows like guys will see. The things that they want to see the things that they like and they think that their dude warm like they're gonna be like well hotty was in way better condition than. Then Derek or. You know another example would you know be in classic for for example you know they'll say one guy posed way better than the other dude or one guy had a better flow than the other dude but they're multiple criteria. That the judges use when they're looking at these guys there's there's proportion and cemetery. You know it's it's the balance in the in the physique there is these are the exact ones that they have listed up proportion and cemetery. Muscle mass and size so muscle should appear full round belt. And according to the athletes category without the stored in proportion. Muscle quality density definition and separation says muscle should show hardness density clear separation between groups in definition from body from low body fat. There is condition in skin tone clean healthy appearance skin should be smooth evenly tan with no visible. The limit is acne scar or other or tattoos. A lot of guys you'll see will get the tattoo cover up so you know, Bro's that if you're worried about if you're covered from head to toe and tattoos that affecting your scoring. It potentially could I see a lot of guys that do have tattoos but you don't see a lot of guys in the Olympia stage that are covered from head to toe tattoos. Structure and posture competitors frame stance are evaluated broad shoulders narrow waist straight lens proper alignment and overall. Athletic barren bearing those are evaluated presentation in stage presence this is another one a huge one the guys miss out on competitors are judged on the confidence posing skill fluid transitions inability to highlight their strengths. If you take a look at injured jack. Dude his posing is not great. I don't know if he does an old purpose or not but a lot of them see terms the court turns the wrong way. That's got to play into a judge decision making he probably. Could be placing higher at shows if he really cleaned up his posing and I've heard. Steve Weinberger was head judge and I'd be for a long time. I don't know if that he still is or not but. Steve's an OG of judges and Steve said he could only judge what he can see. And if you aren't presenting your physique effectively. You can't the he can't judge what he doesn't see and then finally aesthetics and overall impression judges making overall judgment on the athletes physique based on their stage charisma often referred to as the X factor. So you know Chris Bumps that would be an example that dude just walks on stage and his. You know his charisma just comes out before him sitting with Arnold Arnold just came on stage and owned the fucking stage. You come out nervous you come out looking tannative you're not going to be great but I a lot of these things are interplay with each other and it's not like the judges are going down a checklist of all this stuff when people on stage they have to do this stuff on the fly. They're evaluating five guys at one time and they have say 30 seconds in each pose they've got six seconds to look at each dude so they're just scamming through each dude making a visual note of everything that's going on so all the stuff plays in together. So for example if you can't pose. It can make your conditioning look worse than what it is. If you're conditioning sucks you might not look as big in as fools they want you to look. If you're not big enough if you're too fucking flat. If you're too flat if you're over diet it and you're shredded but you're over diet it you're not going to look big and full like they want you to do all these things are it's an interplay of all these different attributes that. They're looking for on stage for a total package you know so. An example of how to interact the very close you know there was really a split decision between the two dudes. The judges saw it a different way. You know some judges saw one way some judges saw it the other way but you know obviously those two were very very close. I would say that hotty had some edges over Derek and some areas I would say hotty has better conditioning. You know and you know I would say Derek is probably a bit more muscular than hotty is definitely as a better thicker for back but I mean ultimately these guys are really fucking close it's just a small hair separating those two it could have been. It could have easily been hotty that one that shows it was very very very close but look it's all these different criteria that factor into it and I think guys forget about that like it. Especially at the amateur level. Guys will be like well I was more shredded than than that do they most this is the trap that I see that most amateur bodybuilders fall into they think it's a shredded contest. Not a bodybuilding contest why it was leaner than that guy I should have won that's not a works man it's the combination of all the above. You do want to be lean but you also need fullness you also need to be able to pose you are your presentation needs to be great your 10 needs to be great. Your transitions on your poses need to be great. Your fullness needs to be there I mean it's all these different you need to be big enough to be competitive doesn't matter how fucking shredded you are if you're. I will say this at an amateur show being leaner is probably the better way to go. It's definitely the better way to go but. Ultimately it's the combination of all these factors that wins a bodybuilding show hopefully that helps clarify that one. All right next what I got up here is from PJP PJPS what are your tips for making. Meal prepping faster and more efficient without sacrificing nutrition quality nutrition or quality sorry any go to systems or tools that you use personally yeah I've gotten a PhD in. Meal prepping over the years one of the things I gave up on a long time ago that saved me a ton of time with meal prepping is trying to make shit tastes good. I know guys a laugh at that one it grows make fun of my bland meal prep meals that I put up when I put up but. If you spend all your time seasoning marinating cooking things to the perfect temperature you're going to be spending a lot more fucking time in the kitchen. If you need shit to taste good I totally get it if it makes use you can play with the diet and you've got the time to burn. Cool that that's awesome man go for it. But I basically just salt. Put some salt pepper on shit third and the album cook it that's it but really my biggest tip would be. Cook all your protein up I usually cook my protein in the large batch is usually twice a week a cook a shit ton of chicken up at one time I'll shit cook a shit ton of ground beef up at one time. If you're preparing all this stuff from meal to meal to meal it's going to take a lot more time throughout the week just you know. I'll take something like 10 pounds of chicken and throw it in the oven and just get it all fucking down with. Or if I am going to cook it in the air fryer I will have it. Prepared cut up ready to go so I can just toss it there for a bit of fire as I eat it. Every day on a contest prep or when I'm locked in I'll just make a pot of rice in the morning and just scoop the rice out as I go that's easier so I have a hot pot of rice going each in every day. I will do that sometimes I mix my vegetables if I'm doing vegetables in with the rice like I'll just throw some peas and carrots or spinach or whatever in with my rice so it's it's ready to go. And I just have all that stuff ready to go and if I need to meal grab a meal if want to run out I can just scoop out my rice throw my protein in it put a lid on a top of where container. Take it with me and roll the road I'm ready to go and I weigh out each meal as I do it. I think a lot of guys go through and prep all the meals and put them in the refrigerator so they can put them in the microwave when the weekend. To me that's just a bunch of extra work that doesn't really. I don't know maybe it saves time as many as it doesn't I don't fucking do that shit I just have my protein done I put in a big fucking bowl and weigh it all out I just weigh it out as I eat it. I put my same thing I put my rice in the pot every morning I weigh it out as I eat it for meal now I am sitting at a desk and at home all day long so I know a lot of guys don't have that luxury. Totally get it if you need to prep the stuff to take with you to work. I get these cheap plastic dishes from Costco I think they're 100 of them for like eight bucks the glad I think makes them I get those and then put everything in there but really that's it. I don't waste a lot of time trying to make shit taste good cook all my protein and bulk put a pot of rice so in each morning and the portion out stuff as I go or if I am going to be on the road is portioned out put it in the cooler. I don't think I'm going to be on the road with me that's it pretty simple easy straightforward. Alright next question I got here is from John W. What's your perspective on IGF1LR3 have you personally experiment with it and if so what does it protocol in timing have you found to be the most effective for muscle growth and or recovery. I don't think IGF1LR3 does a whole lot. I'm probably going to upset some people and I say that I think you're probably wasting your time with IGF1LR3. And there's a on paper IGF1LR3 seems for seems great. IGF1LR3 is a modified version of the IGF1 peptide. It's on point we probably will but at this point it doesn't seem to be that effective. Now the IGF1LR3 has been modified to increase its half life. It has been modified to not have an affinity for IGF1 binding proteins from what I ever call. And what this does is in theory it's going to hang around longer but it's going to be less selective in how it works. You got this idea of one floating around that might attach to intestines to fat cells etc. Whereas your biological idea of one does not have the same issues and it has a proper affinity for binding proteins. There also seems to be a risk because of how IGF1LR3 doesn't interact in the same way with binding proteins as traditional IGF1 say. And that's because it mimics insulin. You're getting the insulin like effects that come along with using the IGF1LR3 likely that's what's causing the pumps. You probably could get the same thing just from taking some cumulogany and some carbs. And I'm not going to be able to do this with all the potential risks that come along with taking IGF1LR3. Now I know dudes use it. Me personally I've had cancer. I don't think it's worth the risk. I wouldn't take the risk of using IGF1LR3. Maybe if I had access to some real-enactrelex, I might consider it. But to me IGF1LR3 is not worth the risk. Now another thing you consider to with IGF1LR3 is that IGF1LR3 doesn't seem to interact with tissue compartments as efficiently as incorrect lex does. And we do know that I muscle growth is mostly, or is localized IGF1. And this in on paper to me sounds like and from what I understand that IGF1LR3 is really not that great for growing muscle as compared to say incorrect lex would be. So we have all these potential increased risk factors about how it could potentially interact with say the heart, the fat cells potentially cause cancer with a very lower affinity for causing muscle growth. So to me I just wouldn't waste my time on it. If you are taking growth hormone say using insulin something like that, eating carbohydrates, you're going to have high endogenous IGF1 production. Anyway, and probably get more out of that with less risk than you would using IGF1LR3. Personally, I would stay away from it. I don't think that it provides much benefit. I think it only adds additional risk that pump effect that guys talk about getting from LR3 is likely just it's it's mimicking it's it's mimicking of insulin like effects. I don't think it really has much to do with the compound it's causing more muscle growth itself. It's you could get likely the same thing from just taking some growth hormone and insulin. JR ask how important do you find testosterone per perinate in a fat loss phase compared to longer esters like an ather sapinate does the ester type really make much of a difference in fat loss outcomes or is it more personal tolerance or cycle structure. I think the ester makes zero. I don't know the other answer would have any effect on on fat loss potentially I could see some sort of maybe effect on how ester than is converted from taking the various types of testosterone and I I really don't think there's you know I hear guys say the test probe is drier than when you're doing this. I think it's really good to do with the and in the case of the patient and an anathate and I really don't think that has much to do with the ester as much as guys are taking test probe daily versus taking the anathate and the sapinate once or twice a week where you're going to have a bigger spike in hormone and probably more ester dial conversion as a result. I think that's a very good thing to say daily just like you would the prop unit you probably have similar ester dial conversion as you would with the prop unit so that's the only compelling reason I can see why maybe it would be better for fat loss than say body builders will use it at the end of contest prep they like prop unit on contest prep because you can quickly modulate doses once again and this is mostly going to have an effect on water retention and how quickly the drug clues of system in ester dial conversion that water retention is mostly related to ester dial conversion also a test hospital seems to increase stimulation of the renaming and injutencin aldosterone system which also causes increase and and water retention so coach contest prep coach doers will sometimes shift to propinate towards the end of cycle just so they can modulate things quickly if they see water retention they can get out that test and cause you know a lower conversion to ester gen and get rid of that that renaming injutencin aldosterone stimulation in lower water retention really it's just it's just a quick way to do that I think there are other more efficient ways to address that but that's my take on it. Alright, last question I got here is from Peter H Peter ask what's your view on using glutathione for liver protection during a cycle how effective is it when maintaining healthy liver markers and what dosing protocol would you recommend for someone using moderate to heavy compounds. So yeah glutathione helps detoxify the liver from what I understand it binds with toxic metabolites in the liver that calls damage and harm you know for example like a sea of benefit and time on all if you want to have a blast go look up time on all induced. I think it is the number one cause of acute liver which is crazy there's 10 to 1000 cases of it but. I'm glutathione binds with those and makes those toxins water silvers so they can be excreted through bio and a lot of people are deficient in glutathione. NAC is used in a clinical setting often in the hospitals you'll see that NAC is used. As a treatment for acute liver failure there was a whole hubble blow of years back where the FDA was trying to classify NAC as a drug and was going to take it off the market Amazon yanked it off its shelves because NAC is highly effective effective at increasing glutathione production and. We're very acute liver failure. Now NAC is a precursor to glutathione or in it just think about it it's downstream from glutathione glutathione has to be administered through an IV. NAC is a precursor. NAC provides a 16 which is responsible for glutathione production is necessary for glutathione production most people are deficient in it and when you throw an ACN you increase. NAC is a 16 production which increases glutathione production downstream. NAC increases bio flow and reduces coal stasis so it basically helps the bio flow more easily from the liver and drain into the stomach and we know that the NAC then's the bio and removes the. This galaxies are. of a trifecta here where milk this will cause the regeneration of hepatocytes, basically repairing the liver, Taka increases bioph flow and NAC downstream to glutathione is going to cause the toxins to be more readily excreted through the biodox. So all three synergize and work together that's why they're packaged together in celluloments. They work very effectively now. You could just bypass a lot of that and I'll see guys like post-show. Sometimes they're all fucked up and just go get a glutathione. I've been a lot of times you can reverse high liver numbers pretty quickly within a week or two a lot of times. But we also need to make sure the bio flow is adequate as well, which I see a lot of times in body builders is a problem a lot of body builders have coal stasis with a bio can flow correctly and Taka will help with that as well. So we have to keep all of these above factors in line so we can have proper detoxification of the liver. The liver is very resilient if you take care of it, prevent scarring and cirrhosis. The liver can regenerate itself and is a very sturdy organ. A lot of guys I think are over-fear liver damage. It's pretty hard to fuck up your liver and I'm not saying it's impossible you certainly can do it. But that's the combination. Now whether or not you need to run any C in glutathione you're around that that is another question. I don't think any C is necessary to be run all the time. Although any C itself has some anti-oxinant properties. But I would say that NAC is not necessary to be run all the time. NAC's primary job is to provide 16 in Philippe's 16 store so the body can make it so in glutathione. Once the 16 stores are filled up they're really taking extra NAC has very minimal benefit. And it does have some antioxidant properties that may be beneficial. But for the large part you I would just run it in like six weeks, six weeks doses and then come off of it. And there's also some evidence I've seen some loose evidence that if you run NAC constantly that it seems to downregulate a 16 production. You know, the body has body is always striving for homeostasis and it does seem to be that there is some risk of that. Now whether or not there is I don't know. But I would say look if you're running orals if you if you're having high level values run it when necessary take it out when you don't need it. If you have an acute situation where things are really bad you could potentially go get a glutathione IV glutathione is not. Biofalval through any other administration route for my own standard than intervenously. It's very fragile. That's the only way that it works in AC is probably more effective way since it's orally bio available and something that we can use as part of our supplement stack. NAC is probably the better option in a combination of NAC tuck out in milk this also we're hitting all three check marks essentially for keeping the liver healthy. All right, bro, that's all I got for you on this one. I hope you enjoyed this episode. I'll see you on the next one. I appreciate each and every one of you. Rock on.