Cardiovascular health for bodybuilding. I figured with the reason passing of Sean Roton George Peterson, I just saw our Cali muscle had a 100% coronary artery blockage. It's probably important to talk about Cardiovascular health and relation to bodybuilding and PED use. It's one of the big risks. When you're a bodybuilder, I'm going to dig into a little bit. We'll talk about ways that you can mitigate these risks. Before you get into it, if you like my videos, please take the time to like, comment, and subscribe, share it with anybody you think they could use this information. If you want to stay up to date with what's going on with me personally, and get updates on videos that are coming out. You can follow me at Paul K. Barnett on Instagram. Anyway, let's dig into Cardiovascular health for bodybuilding. There are two things that really primarily, you know, I'm not saying this is the only thing that killed bodybuilders, but the two things that seem to take bodybuilders early to chronic things are kidney health, kidney disease and cardiovascular health. Cardiovascular health, heart attack strokes, and your isms, blood clots, things like that that killed people. The acute stuff that you see is usually just people who are doing diuretics for contest prep. That's stuff that will kill you like that. These are things that kill you long term. You're not going to notice the thing. That's the thing. The cardiovascular health. That's why they call it the sound like killer. You don't know that you have cardiovascular issues until it's too late. You know, there are some warning signs, but people just don't pay attention to them. They just assume that they're part of it. We'll dig into it a little bit more. Risk factors for bodybuilders. Androgen abuse and overuse. I think people go crazy with the Androgens. You know, I'm not saying if you go, you know, the Andabolic are 100% safe, but they, you know, Anabolic steroids that the Andabolic Androgens stay with tend to be more Andabolic unless Androgens it calls less heart issues from what I've seen. You know, not always true, but just is something to be aware of. I, you know, I would, my advice on that is use as little as possible to get the job done. Don't blast year round and stay away from fucking orals and crazy things like trend and, and, you know, Mint and stuff like that. I don't know why you guys get this fascination with this shit and want to run it year round. You know, you can't stay, I think it's the desire to stay ripped year round. You cannot stay ripped year round if your genes don't dictate that your built that way. It's unhealthy. I think that's a lot of times it's the guys that look ripped year around a lot of times with the ones that end up having a heart attack and cardiovascular issues. Not always, but you know, that's typically where you see it. So with the, you know, animal-like engineering steroids, you stay with the mildest stuff, stick with test. Use things like premable and, you know, only use the dosages you need to get the job done. Don't blast year round. You know, you take, take some faces and let your health recover. High calorie diets. That's another issue. You know, when you're eating a shit ton of food, it, it, it can take its toll on you. Sometimes you need breaks. You know, see these guys that are part of blockers that are just blocking year round all year, every year, you're, you're roll the dice. You're roll the dice. When you, when you, when you get to be my age, that's it's going to catch up with you. So I think a planned diet probably once a year to lean out, you know, even if you're not trying to get in contact shape is, is good for you. We all know that getting in the contest shape is extreme and and comes with risk and dangers as well. High fat diets. I see a lot of people get obsessed with keto diets and things like that. I, I'm telling you, I just don't buy into it. I think if you're constantly, study after study after study shows that high consumption of saturated fats will be a little fucking block your arteries eventually. You know, you're, you may be a genetic freak and it doesn't happen to you. But I, I do think these keto and corn and world diets are risky. I, you know, I've seen it in blood work. I've seen people who do them and they're, I've me personally. And they're, they're, they're lipids that just get blown out of the water. That can't be good for your long term cardiovascular health. It just can't be. Anti-astrogen abuse, you know, cancer, to have this obsession with blowing, blowing away their estrogen. And, you know, it does make you look lean and hard. But estrogen is cardio-productive, it is also neuro-protective. You know, I get it going into a show. You want to crush your estrogen and get that hard look. A few weeks is not going to kill you. Blasting 1,000 grams of arimidex every day, year-round. It's going to cause cardiovascular issues. Your, your, your, your, you're going to destroy your HDL. Um, and you're going to risk plaque accumulation. You just are. Um, I, I would, I would limit if you can get away with it. I would not use anti-astrogens and less. I don't necessarily do any more contests. I run my estrogens tender run really, really high. And I have to use a moderate dose of antioxidants year-round. Just to keep mind and check. I mean, might get insanely high. But most people aren't even getting blood worked on to find out if their estrogens are even higher. They're just crushing the anti-astrogens because they heard some bro at the gym. Say that that's what they should do. Only use them if you need them. stimulant abuse and over abuse. I see guys that do stupid shit like taking fat burners, you're around even when they're not dieting and you're running clean but you're all the fucking time and T3 and drinking a shit ton of pre-workout drinks that have nasty amounts of caffeine. I say this as I'm drinking my coffee. But moderate the stimulant, stimulant use, it will elevate your blood pressure, which leads to cardiovascular problems long term. Mitigating risk factors, mixing of alcohol and recreational drugs in with heavy metabolic and the energetic steroid use, just a bad, bad, bad idea. The more risk factors you throw into the pot, the higher your odds are, this is a game of odds where we're all of the dice when we take AS. We know this we're taking a chance but if you mix alcohol and cigarettes and pot and whatever and whatever you're asking to die. You just are limit the risk factors, keep the risk factors as low as possible, excessive body mass, letting your body fat get too high. Even just be a big is rough on your cardiovascular system. If you're you know your big wrongly size, guys that are big wrongly size don't make it 70 or 80 years old, they just don't. It doesn't happen. You don't see any guys that are 70 or 80 years old, they don't exist. Guys have to downsize as they get older. That's something to keep in mind. I'm concerned about it myself. I'm 265, 270 pounds right now and I'm pushing 50 years old. I don't know how healthy it is to be that big at my age. And I have given some consideration to downsizing and I probably will when I hit 50. I want to do a couple more body building shows. I am rolling the dice. I know that but at some point I will probably downsize. With this all results in, you combine all these risk factors together, high fat diets, to edge interviews, too many anti-assurance and stimulative abuse, mixing alcohol and recreational drugs and excessive body mass. And eventually you get into state where your hypertension is high all the time. Your blood sugar is probably elevated all the time. From carrying you end up in a rithicytosis or your blood cells. Your amount of quick gets to high. Your blood basically turns into sludge. You get plaque build up and all this leads to less ventricular hypertrophy where your less ventricule grows to keep up. This is all just a recipe to have a heart attack, have a stroke, have an aneurysm and die. You know, so as we mentioned, health events, heart attack, clots, stroke, aneurysm. So how do we prevent all this? I think one like I mentioned mitigating risk. Body building is a risky sport. All sports are risky. Football is risky. Driving a race car is risky. Climbing Mount Everest is risky. And all of these activities they take precautionary steps to minimize the risk. In football, they wear helmets. They get regular physical stun. They're working with athletic traders to keep an eye on their health. Driving a race car when you drive in a race car 200 miles around the race track, you put on a seat belt. You wear a fireproof suit. You put on a helmet. You have a role cage in the car. You have people on standby waiting to help if there is an accident. Body building, our equivalent of it is reducing risk factors. Staying away from wreck drugs. Getting test on regularly. I'm going to talk about the testing here in a second. How important that is. You don't know with cardiovascular stuff. You don't know until it's too late. You just don't. Sometimes it's warning signs, but the most people ignore them. You just don't know until it's too late. So mitigating risk. Sing away from alcohol drugs. He didn't clean diet. Keeping your body fat relatively low. You're around that. Using bulkings and excuse to eat like an asshole. I do it. I like food, but at the same time you've got to try to eat healthy. You have to keep the saturated fats low. Just basics like that. Some diagnostic testing that I think everybody should be doing. I don't care how old you are. A Dallas, the car, we were 25, 24 when he died. He had a coronary artery blockage that killed him. That is 100% preventable. If he had just gone and got to cardiac CT scan done, they would have noticed the blockage, a pedestant put in, he'd still be alive. The diagnostic testing that people should have done. Basic stuff. CMP, comprehensive metabolic panel, blood work. You can go get these done on your own. Even if you don't want to go to the fucking doctor. I get it. I get it. I get doctors. You know, most of our assholes, they frowned upon what we do. They don't want to help. There are some good ones out there. But take this into your own hands. Talk to your doctor about it. Get your blood work done. Take it to your doctor. Tell them what you need. Comprehensive metabolic panel. Things you're going to look for. I would get this done once a quarter. Guys wait until they, you're cracks me up. Guys will wait until they, they order crews for six weeks and they're eating really clean and then they'll go get their blood work done. Of course it's going to look decent then. When you should be getting your blood done, it's when you're in the middle of a blast. And you're at the highest risk. No way you're at. You know, no way your baseline is and no way you're at when you're redlining the engine. Because that's the stuff that's going to accumulate. Because you do a four week blast once a year and you get your blood work done at the end of that blast. It's not indicative of where you're at. You're around. So you need to know where you're at when you're at your worst and take steps to improve that stuff. So we're, you're, primarily you want to be for hard health. You want to be paying attention to your lipets, your cholesterol, triglycerides. You want to be looking at your A once he making sure that your glucose is under control. C reactive protein, which is an indicator of inflammation. You know, when there's when there's coronary artery disease, there's inflammation in the arteries and C reactive protein will be elevated. That is an indicator. Any CG or what your cardiogram. How fucking apple watch will do any CG? I don't know how accurate it is, but you can, if you want, you can run it with your apple watch. You really should go to the doctor and have a professional one done. But get that done once a year. A cardiac CT scan. You can go do this without the doctor if you don't want to go to the doctor. It's $100. Same thing with the blood work. I can get a full metabolic panel done for like 90 bucks. Blood pressure monitoring. By $20, $30 blood pressure cuff off of Amazon and check your blood pressure daily. You know, checking once a week is, I personally do not think it's enough because I know with my mind, mind's all over the place. Sometimes it's fine. Check it in a little bit. It's fine. And then the next day it'll be up. So you need to look at the averages and look at trends. You'll see that when you take certain compounds it goes up. And that is an indicator that you either need to lower the doses of that compound. Get off that compound or take some sort of corrective action with, with the, you know, blood pressure methods or some sort of lifestyle change. Um, fasting glucose. You guys do not pay attention to their glucose levels. Look, you know, being diabetic, vastly increases your chances of cardiovascular risk. Um, you know, I started with my blood glucose control. I always have diabetes runs in my family. I have to pick close attention to it. A lot of people are that way. They don't, they probably just don't even know. Uh, you know, even even young, you know, looking back now that I know it's the symptoms of high blood sugar. I definitely had them when I was in my 20s. And I was lean. Then I just wasn't paying attention to it. Um, resting pulse, you know, keeping an eye on your resting pulse. If it dramatically increases, you know, something's wrong. You know, I, I, certain compounds will raise your pulse. That's for sure. Um, stimulates will raise your pulse. Um, but if you're redlining your heart all the time, that's not good for your, your long-term cardiovascular health. Um, our ax meds and supplements and things that you can do to, to help mitigate the stuff. This is the, the equivalent of putting the seat belt on in the helmet and the fireproof suit in the race car. Um, I, you know, this is kind of the stack that I use to help with my cardiovascular health. For prescription meds, I take a low dose statin. I use prevestatin. My, my, my doctor gives me it is basically, you know, very minimal side effects if any at all. Um, I am on, um, X for for blood pressure medicine. You know, you got to find one that works for you. They're, they're several different types. Um, ARBs, et cetera. Um, and met form and for glucose sensitivity error for insulin sensitivity. Sorry, um, the help with glucose metabolism. Um, there's other prescription meds that I, I take that help keep my lip. It's in check. My lip, it's tend to get all weighted. Um, um, much, you know, my blood sugar gets high if I don't pay attention to that. So the met form, it helps with that. Um, uh, in the blood pressure medicine, you know, it blows my mind. I hear from body builders all the time and from guys, oh, I don't want to, I don't want to take that stuff because, you know, I don't like taking medicine or they're worried about impacting their gains. And I'm like, okay, so you'll fucking take trend and a bunch of fucking crazy fat burners and run a gram of test and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, but you don't want to take a statin. It makes no fucking sense to me. Zero. Um, over the counter supplements, I, you know, my take one over the counter supplements. There are some that work that help. But the, the, the way the pharmacy companies work if it was something that was highly effective, they would be manufacturing it and putting a pat on it and making it prescription drug. Probably the the most effective over the counter supplement. I have found for cardiovascular health as fish oil. Um, it does, uh, it does raise your HDL. Um, I have seen that and the main thing that it does is, uh, um, helps with clotting. Um, crazy story actually had surgery done a couple of years ago and I forgot to stop taking fish oil for further surgery and I had a major bleed because it's all how much the fish oil impacts clotting. Um, so you know, that will help prevent heart attacks and strokes. Um, and one fish oil pill a day is not going to do it. I take somewhere between six and eight grams of fish oil a day, you know, six to eight pills. It sounds like a lot, but it's really probably less than what you get for me in a piece of raw salmon. Um, burmary to help with, uh, um, insulin sensitivity. Coq 10, um, helps with heart rhythms, uh, baby aspirin also helps with, uh, thinning the blood and, um, keeping, um, you know, you know, preventing clotting. One thing that with I will mourn with baby aspirin is if you have any history who's with stomach ulcers, you might want to stay away from it and you need to make sure you take it with food. It can, um, exacerbate stomach ulcers. So just or bleeding and stomach ulcers will be careful with it. Uh, cartatone, um, this was recommended to me by Dante Trudel a long time ago. Um, it does seem to lower my blood pressure. You know, not as significantly as the blood pressure medicines, but it does have an impact on my blood pressure and a fiber supplement. You know, I take a salium hospital every day before bed. Um, you know, I, you know, people pointed out that they didn't see a lot of fiber in my diet. Um, which is true. Uh, because I have IBS and it just blows blows my stomach up. But I tolerate the salium hospital, but the salium us has been shown to lower cholesterol. Um, so a good fiber supplement will help with that. All of these things will help counteract some of the damage that you're doing with the PEDs. I'm not saying they're, they're, they're, they make you bulletproof. The best thing to do is not to use PEDs at all. Be lean, eat a healthy diet. I forgot to talk about cardio. You know, a lot of guys skimple the cardio. I've been guilty of it. I, I fucking hate doing cardio. Bores the fuck out of me. Uh, but, you know, making sure that even power lifters, everybody, you should be doing some sort of cardio year-round three to four times a week. Something to get your heart rate up, sustained and up, you know, to help with your cardiovascular health. It does make a difference. Anyway, that's all I have on this. If you have questions, please feel free to ask them. I, I will answer your questions as best I can. Um, I don't know everything, but, you know, I can sit in the point near the direction or do some research and find out. If you have suggestions for other videos, let me know. I'm happy to do those as well. Um, as I mentioned earlier, please like and subscribe and really appreciate it. The YouTube gods like it when you subscribe to my channel. I get a lot of people watching, not a lot of people subscribing. And if you want to keep up to date with me, follow me on Instagram at Paul K. Marna. Thanks, have a great day.