So how to calculate your BMR for a body building diet? I'm going to just give you an high level overview of how to calculate it, you know, keep in mind. You're metabolic rate varies between person and person and these are just kind of estimates to start off with. But it gives you a baseline to create a diet from if you're going to create a diet you need to know what you're BMR is. At least have a general idea. We'll dive into a basic example. I have my own formula that I use. I'll show you how that works. So to get started, there is a, there is a, there is a kid of a somewhat of a standard that most dietitians use. It's called the Mifflancy Geo BMR equation. This BMR equation uses a combination of your, your body weight height, age and sex to come up with a, a base metabolic rate. I'm assuming that they're using the weight and height to come up with a body mass index of some sort and using that as a basis to create the diet from that's fine for your average lazy fucking couch potato. It sits around does nothing all day long. It has no muscle mass. But you know, if you, there's a big difference between 250 pounds. Me, you know, it's 10, 12% body fat versus 250 pound fat ass. You doesn't have to think. My metabolic rate is going to be much higher. So this does it really account for that. I, you know, according to this formula, my BMR would be 2007, base metabolic rate. If I ate 2007, the calories, 2100 calories, basically, I'd trival up into nothing. I don't even think my calories got that low on my contest diet. Maybe in the last couple weeks, the load days did. I don't know, but I, I mean, I, I started losing weight when I get below 3000 calories. It's just, just the way the way I am with, you know, muscle does burn calories. You know, so I think it's important for athletes, specifically body builders and strength athletes to calculate in body fat percentage instead of body mass index. So the formula I came up with does that somewhat and also factors in activity level as well. So we'll use me as an example. My walking around weight during the daytime, 250 will just ball, it will just round it up. I'm guessing my body fat's around 12% right now, who knows? Lean body, that would put my lean body mass somewhere around a 220. A base BMR calories, you know, using my formula which is lean body mass times a factor of 12 would give us a base metabolic rate of 2,640. No, the metabolic factor I use, 12, you know, obviously another other bodybuilders, another trainer who's using this 12 times your lean body mass is kind of just a average metabolism. I think my metabolism is actually higher than that. I've seen some people be lower. I've seen the range go from metabolic factor of 10 up to 14 or 15. Somebody has a really fast metabolism. If you get the shit in the stick, you know, like if you have a really shitty metabolism which I've seen, you know, you may be closer to the 2000 calorie range. I don't know, for activity, the formula I come up with is lean body mass times the exercise intensity factor times the hours of exercise spent. You know, just that factor up and down. But I think this is a rough ballpark for weight trading. If you're doing some heavy weight trading, if you're doing fricking squats, deadlifts, listen, listen weight, you may be burning a bit more than that. But this just gives you a ketamine idea. So if we factor these two together, this is my base metabolism is around 3300 a day, which is pretty close. I would tell you this, if I get below 3000, I definitely start losing weight. So this is pretty close. All right. So making adjustments from there. Now this is just going to give you a rough estimate of where your metabolism is at. Okay, you're going to have to tweak it from there. You may be higher or lower. But the first step in doing that is as you need to start weighing and measuring your food and you got to track your weight every day. And you need to be consistent with this stuff. Have the is few variables as possible. So when you're weighing yourself in the morning, or you're waiting stuff, you got to do it in the morning after you use the bathroom before you eat. So you're under the same conditions every day. And you have a consistent weight measurement. Progress picks help too. I would take those weekly, take them on the same day at the same time of day in the same light in the same room. And for the love of fucking God, don't sit there and Photoshop stuff or play with the light, put filters on it and look for the perfect angles. Can you just line to yourself at the day? I don't know why people do that stupid shit for their progress picks. Just do your normal self and you want to do a front relaxed, a side relaxed and a rear relaxed if you know a bodybuilding pose is off. Not you can just kind of wing it. So after this, I would wait probably we can maybe two weeks in track of your weight and see where you're at. If you're using the base metabolic rate and your weight hasn't budged, you know you've nailed it. If you start losing weight, going down, you know your metabolism or your activity level is higher than what you estimate. So you'll need to pull your calories up a bit. If you start gaining weight, you know your metabolism is slower than what you thought or maybe your activity level is in a size of your thought or maybe you're cheating in that way and your food or picking up a few bites here and there, that's possibility. But you will need to make adjustments from there as well, pull them the calories down a bit. Don't stress over daily fluctuations. I look at week by week trends with the weight is turning down, turning up, staying static. That gives me a better indication of where we're at. You know, you're waking shoot up several pounds of a day if you eat a really salty meal or if you eat more carbs and you normally do. Or let's say you are switching from a low carb or keto style diet over to a moderate or higher carb diet, you're going to gain some weight initially because of the extra glycogen you are up taking into the muscle. And the opposite is true. You're going to see all these keto assholes when they lose a bunch of weight when they first start doing a keto diet. Oh look, I lost 10 pounds of fat and when we eat in lose fucking 10 pounds of fat when we eat. That's 35,000 calories with fatty burn. You did not burn 35,000 calories with fat in a week. You dumb fuck. It's just water weight, glycogen depletion. That's all it is. More monocheges can cause weight fluctuations as well. You know, women with menstrual cycles, dudes that are altering their super supplements, just something else to keep in mind. Look at trends. Trends are what matter over the period of time. Make small adjustments. And after a bit of time, you have a good feel for where your metabolism is. I will tell you that it changes constantly throughout the year. My was definitely high as fuck on fire when I was on my diet for the contest and you know, now it's kind of back to normal. I think my base metabolic rate was definitely higher than I can tell from my energy levels too. Anyway, thank you. Hopefully this is helpful. If you want me to make any other videos, please let me know. I'm happy to do so. I'm open for suggestions. Please like, comment and subscribe. I have tons of people watching my videos right now, but not many people subscribing. You help me with the YouTube gods. If you subscribe and follow me on Instagram at Paul K. Barnett. Thank you. Have a good day.