Can you get rid of Gino without surgery? That's a lot of people ask me this question. I can't go video. It is possible if you catch it early enough. But if you have to catch it pretty early, I mean anything probably a pea size lump or smaller. Maybe if it's a marble size lump, you might be able to get rid of it on your own. But once it gets bigger than a pea or a marble size, if you feel a huge rubbery, large lump behind your nipple or if there's just tissue all up, down the side of your chest, it's probably too late you're going to need surgery. Now with that said, if you start feeling nipple-sortice, maybe you're lactating, that's a whole other issue, you're being the pro-lactin then. If you're nipple-sortice nipple puffiness, itchiness around the nipple, you feel hard lump developing. Get ahead of it. If you wait, wait, you can treat it. I know a common thing that a lot of bodybuilders will do is use a combination of letters all into moxifim and they hammer away at it for a few weeks. Sometimes you can get those lumps to shrink back up and go away. I've also heard of people throwing in master on in with that as well. The lectures all in Tomoxifim were not worth it, but are standard issue breast cancer treatments right now. They have been clinically shown to shrink breast growth, which is what we have here. It's cancer, it's been nine. Master on was originally used as anti-breast cancer medicine as well. They've also been shown to prevent big growth breast tissue. I will say this, in our four more new lectures, it's fucking nasty. It'll make you feel like shit. You're joining sick on a herd, you're going to feel like crap. It's going to fuck a cholesterol up. I would not run it for very long. I'm only necessary to get rid of it. Another thought too is I would stay away from any compounds that exacerbate kind of if you're prone to it. Why cause the problem to begin with? If you can afford the surgery, it is nice to have just have the glands taken out. Don't let my experience if you watch my videos scare you. I just had a shitty surgeon the first go around, didn't know what the fuck they were doing. So make sure your surgeon has experience with it, understand how to get rid of gyna apparently. I'm also highly prone to it. I had it naturally. It was a teenager. You don't have to be on anything to get gyna. People that's another misconception. Anyway, I hope this helps. Let me know if you have any questions. Thank you.