Carbsightling for hypertrophy. Carbsightling for hypertrophy, if that also are really too completely different. Things are almost too different diets. You're still pulling calories up and down. The macronutrient structure is different. The purpose of the high days is completely different. I want to go into detail on it a little bit and talk about it. Hopefully this will give you a better understanding of how it works with the differences I. But we'll get into it here. First things first, you need to understand how the macros are applied to carbs cycling for size. And get a feel for how the macros work in the diet. So, of course we have the three macros protein fats and carbs. Your body can utilize all three as fuel. For some reason, I don't have people seem to be under this misunderstanding that protein can't be used for fuel. I don't know where that comes from, but I'm afraid a lot of people say that, but that's absolutely untrue. So with carbs cycling for high-perchryphine, we want to prioritize carbs as the fuel source. Carbs are the bodies preferred fuel source. I know you keto assholes out there. You're not going to like to hear that, but it is the ideal fuel source for your body to run on. You feel the best when you're eating carbs. That's why you crave carbs. That's why your body wants carbs. Your body runs optimally when it has carbs. So, it is especially when we're strength training carbs are what your muscles use for fuel. If you want to maximize your strength training, get the most out of it. You got to have carbs. You got to have full glycogen stores in the muscles, which is store carbohydrates to get the most out of your strength training. Otherwise you're not. And it's just as simple as that. You can want it, wish it, want something different, but it's just not true. So to grow, with that in mind, to grow, we want to optimize the nutritional environment to maximize high-perchryphine. So if carbs are what are the preferred fuel source for the muscle, you should be eating carbs, correct? How are you, you know, keep this in mind. I'm not saying that carbs are essential to survival. In fact, they are the only macronutrient that you don't need to survive. You will die after a period of time if you don't eat proteins or fats. You will not die if you are eating protein fats and not carbs. Carbs are not necessary for survival. They are necessary if you want to optimize high-perchryphine and be the best bodybuilder you can be. So we need to understand, you know, with that in mind, we need to understand the macros role in the diet. I'm going to go into detail on each one. So protein is, first and foremost, your body prefers to use it to repair and build tissue and maintain immune function, assist with nutrient absorption. Secondarily, it can be used as a fuel source through a process called gluconeogenesis where it starts breaking down proteins for, and to convert them into glucose. That's not what we want. We want those proteins to be preserved for muscle protein synthesis, muscle growth, hypertrophy. So we want to minimize protein being used as fuel. And the best source of the best way to do that, the best source of food to prevent that is carbs, carbs, raised insulin levels, insulin levels, insulin is protein sparing, eating more carbs is protein sparing in itself. Another thing about protein, another big misconception, and just back to the early 2000s, guilty of this one, in late 90s, early 2000s, people used to think you need to eat like 600, 700 grams of protein for muscle growth. The more protein you ate, the more muscle growth you're not, this is not true. We'll get into that a little bit more later, I'll break down the math for you and go into some detail about that. But if you're eating more carbs, you don't even need as much protein since carbs are protein sparing. Complete amino acid chains are necessary to build muscle. This is another thing. I'm sorry, vegans. The only source of protein that is a complete amino acid chain is animal protein. It's just the facts. Now it's not to say you can't get all of the amino acids needed for muscle growth through vegetable sources, but you have to stack and mix different vegetable sources to do it. It's not optimal. This diet is about optimal, optimizing muscle growth. We're not looking at health or whatever. It's optimizing muscle growth. Fat. Fat are used for, if that's kind of a utility tool in dietary and macrosic and use for a lot of different things, you can use for stored energy otherwise known as fat. You belly fat. It's like the body, protect organs, helping protein works, start chemical reactions, immune function hormone, manufacturing hormones, maintaining aspects of basic metabolism and absorbing fat soluble vitamins. Now the thing is with fats, you don't need that many of them to accomplish things, but you do need them. The average American greatly over consumes fats. I'm so an interesting study recently where they show that people are eating less carbohydrates. Now that they were 20 years ago, but they're fat or than they ever were. But if you look at the chart, they're eating less carbs, but they're eating a lot more fat. I think that has to do with people or people doing keto diets or a lot of foods that say keto friendly and people end up eating them and they just have a lot more fat in them. So when we're burning fat, we're trying to die for sure. We do want to burn fat. We want to use fat as a primary fuel source. When we're trying to put on size, we do not. Fat as we used to establish isn't an optimal fuel source for hypertrophy and weight training. Carbs, carbs are strictly used by the body as fuel. They have no other purpose and the body other than to be used as fuel. There are no, I mistype to here. There are no essential carbs. There are essential fatty acids. There are essential amino acids. There are no essential carbs. Although it is the body's preferred fuel source. It runs best on carbs. All carbs are essentially converted into glucose in the bloodstream. Glucous is absorbed into the cells where it's used as energy. Insulin sends the message to the cell to accept the glucose. Not enough insulin. Insulin in the blood. The carbs can't be used or can't be absorbed by the cell. If your insulin resistant, your cells are insulin resistant and will not accept the insulin. Carbs will not be accepted into the cells either. We need to optimize insulin production. We need to optimize insulin sensitivity to be able to utilize those carbs effectively. The body stores unused carbs in three different places. Muscle glycogen, which is what we want. We want the muscles to be full and big. Round, pumped. Liver glycogen is another place. You have limited stories. Muscle glycogen. The body can store a large bodybuilder can store 1,500 grams of carbs as muscle glycogen. A crazy amount. Liver glycogen, I think it's something like 60 or 70. It's pretty small. And then fat. Carbs can be converted into fat. As we mentioned, carbs are the optimal fuel source for weight training. The high carbs in high insulin state and the body. When you're in a high insulin state, it makes the cells not only receptive to pulling in carbohydrates, but pulling in other nutrients such as amino acids. If we have increased amino acid uptake, we have increased protein synthesis and muscle growth. So there's another question. You talked about it a little bit earlier. The whole myth of eating a shit tonna, the bro myth of eating a shit tonna protein. Should I eat a lot of protein if I want to get big muscles or made out of muscle? Maybe I should eat more muscles to get big muscles. You should eat just enough to get the job done and maybe a little extra just to cover the basis. Eating twice as much as you need is not going to cause twice as much muscle growth. We've established that now. Most bodybuilders now are eating shit tonna protein that they were back in the late 90s or early 2000s and dudes are just as big of the everywhere. I don't know if any of you know who Patrick Tour is. He trains a lot of the top bodybuilders now. He's in a very James Hollings head. His guys are the biggest fullest guys on the stage and he does high carb. We're approaching diets. Studies have pretty well established that 0.75 grams per pound of body weight is really all it's needed to recover from weight. Now let's say you're enhanced. You're training really hard. You're probably going to need a little bit more than that. They're studying natural athletes. We know that antibiotics are in increased proteins. That's why you can utilize more of that protein for muscle growth. Let's play it safe and we'll consume between 1.25 if you want to be really aggressive. You can go up to 1.5 grams per pound which is probably unnecessary. But let's say 1.25 is plenty. Let's break down the math on it so you can get a full grasp of how little protein you need to grow muscle. Let's assume that you were a freak of nature and gain 20 pounds a year with big ramy. 20 pounds of muscle is 9,071 grams. 9,071 grams divided by 365 days is 24.85 grams per day. That's only 25 grams of protein synthesis per day. I'm assuming that all of that muscle is protein which is not. There's going to be some other things in there. Like a gender, et cetera. Considering that, why do you need so much protein? What's happening to the rest of that protein? The 500 grams. You're just shitting it out, turning it into fat, whatever. You're about to just not using it. High carb days are used to leverage insulin to create growth. When insulin bites through sector, it increases amino acid uptake. We have weight training and the stimulate protein synthesis to pull that protein into the muscle cell. As long as we're doing all of that, we need a minimal amount of protein to grow. One.25 grams is still a lot. For a guy who has 300 grams of protein a day. Applying to macros to the diet, it'll save carbs. Carbs are higher on lifting days since they are optimal for feeling muscle and it keeps insulin levels high, which we've established improves amino acid uptake. Well, we're on our workout days. If you're sitting around and you're asking to eat, playing video games all day, you really don't need that many carbs. Those excess carbs are probably going to be stored as fat anyway, and we want to minimize fat storage. Fats are kept moderately low since carbs are high. You really don't need that many fats to do all these essential functions in the body. I don't, you know, please don't quote me on this, but I read somewhere that you really only need something like 20 or 30 grams of essential fatty acids per day to do everything the body needs to do. It may be more than that. I don't know. I'm just pulling that number straight out of my ass, but I recall seeing that. So you, so you know, what you want to do here is you want to eat enough essential fats to keep your healthy and maintain essential body functions no more. Okay? Any fats that you eat in excess and the high carbohydrates they're just going to get stored as fat anyway. So there's no point in having a ton of fats, just what you need. Protein, even enough to feed the muscle and fuel protein synthesis and just a little extra in case as we discussed. It should be from whole animal food sources and spread out evenly through the day, so we have level of, you know, acid levels in the blood. We established that animal protein is the only one with complete amino acids, so we need to stick with animal proteins. You want your meals spaced every two to three hours apart to maintain consistent amino acid levels in five to six meals per day ideally. You know, I found anything further than three hours apart. You really can't even fit the meals in between waking hours. So two to three hours is ideal if you can't really go less than two hours because you just don't have the food digested by them. You know, so three hours, two and a half, three hours seems to be the sweet spot for me. I time my meals usually two and a half hours apart that seems to work pretty well. As long as you're eating things are easy to digest. If you're eating a lot more fiber, you know, dense foods, you may need a little more time between meals, but if you're eating chicken and rice, your body processes it pretty quickly. Carb cycling for high-perrophy, how the diet is constructed. Okay. Low days are going to be your off-days with the gym when you're not working out and you don't need a lot of fuel. These days tend to be slightly hypochloric. You're running in a bit of a deficit that day, maybe even burning a little bit of fat. Carb's a kept lower. Fats might be slightly higher that day since carbs are lower. We can refuel one on our fats if we need to. Moderate amount of protein on that day. We're at the 1.25. Let's say we're at the 1.25 grams per pound. Medium days should be isocoloric, moderate carbs, moderate fats, moderate protein. And when I say moderate carbs, it's, you know, on this diet, it's a fair amount. I think I'm eating somewhere in the neighborhood of 500 grams of carbs on my medium days. You know, so that may not be moderate to some people for in my world that is moderate. Protein is up, you know, maybe not quite as high as a low days. Sometimes the low days will be a tad higher. Sometimes not. But it's in that 1.25 gram per pound range. High days. You want your high days to be on training days. Okay. And more specifically, you probably wanted on days where you're doing your hardest training leg days back days. So you're putting those calories to use or or weak body parts. Typically, we're going to start off with two days per week that are high days. And, you know, if your metabolism can handle it without putting on excess body fat, work towards three days. On these days, you want your fast to be as close to zero as possible. When you're in that high carb high insulin state, any excess fat you eat or just going to get stored as fat. So we want to keep fat as low as possible. Lower protein on these days. You can go down to as low as the 0.75.8 grams per pound. I'm like around one gram per pound of body per body weight on those days. But that's plenty. You know, we've established that carbs and insulin are protein sparing. So you don't need the excess carbs. Really high carbs on these days. The carbs are going to be pretty high. My mind is, I think, somewhere in the 900 range. So what I'm eating on these days, you just have to kind of feel your metabolism out. You want to eat as much as you can without adding tons of body fat. Okay. You want to push it up to that, push it up to that line, but not over it. High carb days, the little more detail on the high carb days. One more cutting in a fat loss phase, and some people hate the term cutting and what to fuck ever. It's some antics. But when you're dieting, the purpose of the high carb day is completely different. The purpose is to refill glycogen and stimulate the metabolism and just give you a mental break from the diet and being low carb and feeling like shit. For a high-perrophy, the high carb day is to stimulate additional protein synthesis from the food to maximize growth. Okay. Completely different purpose. Your glycogen is not going to be fully depleted by the time you get to the high day when you're in a high-perrophy phase. It probably is going to be when you're on a diet cutting phase. Another thing about the high days, you never want to run the high days back to back. They should never be on consecutive days. If you do some of those calories, your glycogen is going to be completely topped off. So, any of those excess calories are going to be that you don't burn in your workout or aren't used for refueling glycogen are going to just be stored as fat. So, running back to back high days is probably just going to make you fat. So, I'm going to really add as far as my muscles goes. So, we want to minimize fat gain. You just won't be depleted enough. And also, we want to be mindful of insulin sensitivity. If you're pounding high carbs all the time, your insulin sensitivity is going to go to shit. And we're also going to put a lot of stress on the pancreas to keep up with insulin production as well. You know, you can end up wearing your pancreas out and become a fucking diabetic. So, we want to maximize insulin sensitivity, maintain, and digest insulin production where possible. So, that brings us to this supplementing exogenous insulin in metformin. As you get older, you use growth hormone, you've been doing this for a while, your insulin sensitivity and insulin production are going to be decline. It's just, you know, some people it's different than others. My body can't keep up on it's own. I just know that, you know, it's everybody in my family's fucking diabetic when they get past 45. What to keep in mind about insulin people think through some magic insulin is in directly antibiotic. It's indirectly antibiotic, you know, through insulin is just a storage hormone. It tells the body to uptake nutrients or cells. This includes carbohydrates, blood glucose, and amino acids. So, indirectly, when we're pushing more amino's into these muscles, so we're helping hypertrophy and, and, uh, cannibalism. Okay, so that's why it's indirectly antibiotic. You know, we talked about it before a little bit, but wouldn't, wouldn't your blood sugars run high? When your body isn't making enough insulin or your insulin sensitivity is shot to help, that's when your blood sugars run high. So, it's important to keep track of your blood sugar. I know a lot of bodybuilders don't do that, but you have got to track your blood sugar. I would recommend to anybody who's eating a high carb diet or a dead-on-body-building that you keep track of your blood glucose levels. You can get a meter at Walmart for fucking $20 with some strips, and you just prick your finger. Don't be a fucking pussy about pricking your finger. Just do it in the morning when you get up, see where you're at a couple times of week. And if you see those numbers creeping up, you know, you need to do something about it. Either you need to go on a diet and lose some body fat, which will increase insulin sensitivity, or you need to supplement with something, you know, insulin, metformin, berberin. You need to address the issue. Eat less carbs that we'll do it too. So, when to use insulin, blood sugar dictates insulin and metformin use in my opinion. Not the other way around. People will just slam insulin and have no plan or whatever for their diet, and they adjust their diet to the insulin use. It should be the other way around. You're insulin. If you're going to use insulin, your insulin should be to facilitate your diet. That's it. You know, blood sugar dictates the insulin and metformin use. So start with metformin first. Find out if it's an insulin sensitivity issue. If it's an insulin sensitivity issue, and you see your fasting blood sugar levels come back down when you use metformin, you know what the problem is. It's insulin sensitivity, not insulin production. In metformin has some benefits for longevity too. I'm not really going to get into much of that, but new studies are showing that it reduces cancer risk. And, you know, having better insulin sensitivity is better for longevity as well. So you may want to just use it as a longevity enhancer as well. If the metformin doesn't help, it may be that your body is just not making enough insulin. The insulin production, it's natural insulin production, isn't enough to keep up with with carbs at your eating. And you may need to supplement with exogenous insulin. So if your blood sugar is your fasting blood sugar is creep more than 100 in the morning. If you're more than 130 pre-meal, you know, if it's, you're going your three hours between meals and you check it pre-meal and it's one third above 130. Something's going on, okay, and you need to be addressed. When you do use insulin, I would start with something fast acting like human log. Start off with just the high days. Use five units or less. And see what the dustier blood glucose levels use at every other meal. And then adjust up only when necessary. You know, you don't want your glucose levels getting below 70. And so ideally, they should be somewhere between 70 and 100 pre-meal. Remember, too, if you're eating like shit enough, all in a diet, eating a high fat diet, and you're taking insulin with that, it's just going to make you fatter. That's why people can fat when they take insulin. Or they're just eating too much. They're eating too many carbs. You know, if you've filled up your glycogen store, where do you think that is the excess calories are going to go? They're going to go to your fucking hips. You love handels, you're ass. You belly. You hit, there's only, there's only, there's only so many carbs you can fit into your glycogen stores. Everybody asked me about the cheat meal. And how does the cheat meal work? How does the cheat meal work? People are fucking obsessed with the cheat meal. Jesus fucking Christ, give the cheat meal a break. Got Almighty. You know, if you must have a cheat meal, it should only be on the sixth day. I try to keep it cleaner if possible. You know, start with protein carbs, maybe something's a little higher fat than you normally eat. You know, a good example would be, I'll go to the steakhouse and grab a steak and a plain potato and some vegetables. You know, the steak might have a little bit of fat and more fat than I normally would eat. You know, I know they put fucking oil on butter on the vegetables at the steakhouse. Met a training food, one of my favorite go to is the grab cababs after a workout on a high day. So she is another good option. As long as you're not like the fatty fried stuff or the fucking shit that has like sauce and stuff all over. It's thick to the regular rolls. That's just this fish and vegetables and rice. Burger and fries, you know, as a higher fat option, but you're still eating, it's essentially meat and potatoes. You know, if you need to tickle that urge to have a higher fat, gene meal. Really, you should avoid, I just don't think they have any place in a bodybuilding diet. You should avoid high fat, high carb, low protein foods, donuts, ice cream, pizza, pastries, high fat cannula, candy bars, bread and pasta. Sorry about that. That's my daughter, cackling back here. If you must do a dessert, do it after a clean,ish, cheat meal. So that way you're not poundin' it, believe me. I like my fucking cookies. I'm going to a little ape shit on the chunk food after my contest, but you can only get away with it for so long before it makes your fat. So that food is going to do nothing for your body composition. I don't care what anybody says that you need a muffin, donuts, cookies, ice cream, whatever. It's going to do zero to enhance your body composition. Optimal is the optimal thing is just not to have the cheat meal period. When I'm dieting for a show, I just don't do it at all. You can make your own cheat meal. You can make burger and fries at home. Get fries and put them in the air fryer and get 96% lean ground beef and make burgers. There's really not a lot of fat in there. That's a pretty clean meal and it still feels like you're cheating. That's another option. But the better you're eating, the better your results are going to be. You don't need cheat meals. There is no physiological reason to have a cheat meal. There is psychological reasons to have it. If you want to keep your significant other happy, a date night, going out, need whatever is fine. Having dinner with your family, I'm not saying be the douchebag that shows up to Thanksgiving, dinner with your, your top of where full fucking chicken and rice. Why everybody else is eating the turkey and potatoes? Just have some turkey and potatoes for a while. One meal is not going to kill you. These motherfuckers at one of each cheat meals every goddamn day. You're always going to be fat. You're never going to get in shape. So, this is the truth of it. Thank you for watching my video. Hopefully this was helpful. Please like and subscribe. I've got tons of people watching my videos. Nobody subscribing. I'm begging you. Please subscribe. Feel free to ask questions in the comments section. If there are other videos you like me to make. Let me know. I'm open to suggestions and follow me on Instagram at Paul K. Barnett. Thanks.