Cheat meals. Everybody loves good cheap meal. I'm guilty. I want to talk about productive, unproductive cheat meals, having a healthy or unhealthy relationship with food. I know over the years I have a definitely struggle with food addiction. It's, everybody has a vice, so they say, but you know, something you turn to psychologically comfort you when you're stressed out, upset. To me, that's where things delve into the addiction territory where you need this thing to cope. And food has been that for me in the past, but I'm stressed out, I want to eat, eating makes me feel good. And you know, either in times of my life I've been a beast and I've come back down and got myself in shape and then I'll get a beast again and come back down and get a shape. It's a vicious cycle. And I found that a lot of bodybuilders definitely have unhealthy relationships with food. I see it a lot in this community where people get obsessed with the cheat meals. And to me it's a slippery slope. You know, sometimes they are necessary for various reasons. And I think there are two types of cheat meals you have psychological need for a cheat meal. And you have a physiological need for a cheat meal. And on the psychological end, you get mental fatigue with diet. After you've been dieting for so long, you just start to lose your goddamn mind and you need you. You got to have something to eat, it's something different. You know, to quail in craving. But it is a slippery slope. I, you know, there are some people that are just fine. They can have a cheat meal. They eat that piece of pie or whatever they were craving piece of pizza and they're good to go back on diet and then problems. And then there's the other person where it's just like light and a pants on fire. It's like giving an alcoholic a shot of whiskey. They want to clear out the whole bar. That's me. That's the way I work. If, if I have a piece of pie, I want to eat the whole damn pie. If I have a piece of pizza, I want to eat the whole pizza. And it just racks me mentally. That's why you know, when I do my contest prep, I, I think it did one cheat meal. And that's when my coach told me to, through the whole entire, well, yeah, really one dirty cheat meal through the entire diet. I had a hamburger in french fries the night before my show. And I was pretty depleted. Otherwise, I just don't go full tilt. I, like an asshole, after my contest prep. And I know a lot of people do that. And there's different types of cheat meals too. You know, there's dirty and clean cheats. And, you know, what I mean by dirty cheat is something that provides really no benefit for bodybuilding purposes. Geno, those meals are high in fat and high in carbohydrates and low in protein. An example of a dirty cheat would be having a cookie eating a donut, slice of pizza. You know, any any process for potato chips, things like that that really provide no nutritional value that is of use for building muscle and improving conditioning. Those, those don't help. For me, what I had to find is a clean cheat would be something that maybe has a little bit more fat, but has the other things that you need for quality carbohydrates, quality protein. And in example, would be like going out to going out to a nice sushi restaurant and having a bunch of sushi. That would be a little more fat than what you probably have. There's going to be some avocado. It's all natural stuff. Another example I like Mediterranean food. That's a cheat meal that doesn't make me lose my mind, but it also has some nutritional value eating some cababs and rice. It's probably a little more fat than what I normally eat, but that's what I would define as a clean cheat. A steak in a potato or steak even mashed potatoes. That would be something that would have purpose in bodybuilding. But um, so you know, you have your clean and your dirty cheat. There's also sometimes a physiological need for an off-skidinal meal. Um, and you know, when you're extremely depleted, um, there's you have that need where you may need to fill back up with carbs or fat towards the end of a contest diet. I will tell you this, if you're two weeks into your contest diet and you need to cheat me, you're a bad spot. You don't need to cheat me on if you're two weeks into the contest diet. I just don't. I don't know what to tell people. I think that's why I want to people. I saw a bodybuilding show this weekend, a local show. There was some guys that were in shape. There was some guys that had no business being on the stage. They think, I don't know what the fuck they did with their diet, but they weren't ready to be on the stage. They clearly didn't take it seriously. Um, and I do think a lot of people are just overly successful cheat me. You know, they see their favorite pro-pusting picture of eating a milkshake and hamburger franchise up on up on Instagram, but you know, the way they don't realize is that every other ounce of food that they eat is way to measure and considered. So you're not that dude. So don't try to emulate Chris Bum's that eating pizza. I promise you he eats clean. Um, you know, so when there's a physiological need, you're going to eat clean food just more of it. You know, you might have more rice. You might actually throw something in like some breakfast cereal to fill your glycogen stores back up. That would be something I would consider a refeed clean sheet. But you know, at times you do need that, but like I said, you don't need a two to three weeks until you're diet. When you get towards the end of your diet, you need to play it, you need it. In the off season, when you're trying to put on size, you can have a little more liberty with what you eat. I still don't think there's ever any productive reason to eat cookies ice cream potato chips donuts. A lot of the shit that I see people posting on social media. I love cookies, man. They're my downfall. I'll eat the fuck out of some cookies. I can't just have one, but one cookie, one chocolate chip cookie, like a reasonable size chocolate chip cookie. It's like 500 calories. That leads one cookie. I don't, I believe I love them. You know, you know, you think about a pound of fat, a 3500 calories, and you know, you eat half a pizza or half a dozen cookies. You eat two, three dozen calories and one setting. That is not productive. Not good for your health. Not good for your bodybuilding goals. So to rehash this, know your psychology, know how your brain works. If you're the type of person that can't control yourself and having a cheat is just going to light the flame one fire, your food addict, like I am. Don't do it. Don't have a dirty cheat. Okay. Clean cheat's fine. That's not going to set your pants off fire, like it does with me with a dirty cheat. So if you use steak and potato, you're going to be fine. If you're the type of person that, you know, and I've seen people like this work, they have a milkshake. They're good to go. They go eight weeks. They need a milkshake. Then they're back on track. If you're that type of person, know that you're that type of person, then you can do that. Having a good nutritionalist or coach you're working with, especially when you're in contest prep, your brain does not work right when you're in contest prep. I can promise you you're going to think you're depleted when you're not. You can push harder. You can get leaner. You're going to think you need a cheat meal and you don't need a cheat meal. You need that person in your ear telling you when you need it, when you don't need it. And sometimes you're depleted. I've gotten this too. Like, we're just pushing myself too hard. And I get too depleted and then I'm being flat because I've pushed myself too hard. You need somebody in your tone. It's okay to have that meal. So know who you are. Know what you can get away with. How somebody you can lean on when you're in contest prep. When you're putting on size here and I have hypertrophy phase, don't use it as an excuse to eat like an asshole. You know, you don't be eating donuts and cook these and potato chips and french fries all the time. It isn't productive. You're just going to make yourself fat. That's not going to be a good muscle. Anyway, hopefully this helps. Have a great day.