Today we're going to talk about Climbinger All, probably the most widely known fat burner that people use for contest prep. Everybody talks about Climbinger All. I'm going to use Climbing Dude, Climbing Trin. We'll take into it a little bit. I personally, it's my favorite fat burner. It is effective, but within the context of how you use it and diet it, etc. It's not magic, like with some people thinking, can you like shit and lose a bunch of weight with it? So it's like it doesn't work that way. Before we start the video, if you don't mind, I would appreciate it if you take the time to subscribe to my channel. Like the video. Comment if you have any questions, I like answering questions and I'll do my best to help you out the point you're in the right direction. Also, if you want to keep up to date with what's going on with me, you can follow me on Instagram at Paul K. Barnett. Alright, so let's dig into this Climbing Bro. Properties of Climbing Dude are all. It is a some path of memetic used by, used as a deep congested in a bronchio dialator, aka it's an asthma medicine. It relaxes smooth muscle tissue. I would tell you it's pretty effective as a medication. I have my out asthma and it works better for me relieving my asthma than any of the prescription meds that I've had. It also has thermogenic properties. This stuff that we're interested in is bodybuilders. It stimulates the metabolic rate by raising body temperature. It also directly stimulates fat cells to break down. It's another compelling benefit of it. It is a selective to beta to, sorry, it's a selective beta to adrenal receptor agonist. One of the things regular beta to agonist can cause heart issues. It will be your hospital has limited effect on the heart tissue. Not to say there aren't some cardiovascular risk with it, but it doesn't seem to have direct much of direct effect on the heart. They're indirect things that can cause issues with the heart. Of the effects of Climbing Dude are all. It's pretty straightforward. It's a bronchio dialator and a thermogenic burn fat. It is good for asthma. Side effects of Climbing Dude are all. There are a bunch. Anxiety increased body temperature headaches. Lightheadedness and dizziness. Night sweats. Trimers. Hand, hand shakes. Blood pressure variability. I'm out of here. People talk about it. Given high blood pressure, but studies have also shown that people get severe drops in blood pressure. I've had that issue with it before. My blood pressure got down to 90 over 50. What I was taking it. I felt like it was going to pass out when I stood up any time. So just something to keep in mind. Muscle cramps in Somniya. I'm increased heart rate. It does cause some shitty muscle cramps when you first start taking it. The good thing is the side effects tend to go away. Your body adapts pretty quickly after a couple of weeks of being on it. The side effects do calm down. The muscle cramps can be horrible when you first start taking it. You'll just freeze up and do it by some curls. My biceps just cramped up. I get a lot of times I just get random ad cramps just walking around. My abs would just seize up. Bodybuilding uses for clumb uterro. It's straightforward. Increase fat burning. I've heard some people talking about having anabolic effects. I don't see any. It may have some muscle protective effects, but you're not going to get big using clumb uterro. Half life. 34 hours. I hear people talking about dosing it throughout the day. Taking more in the morning and listening after noon. I don't consider having life. I don't know that it makes any difference. But hey, whatever. Once a day dosing should be fine, I do split my dosing up personally. It could be all on my head. I found that if I take it earlier in the day that I think I can sleep better at night, it's probably psychological more than anything. Also, when I take a large dose at one time, it seems to upset my stomach. I'll split up into a couple of doses sometimes. Doses. Please be careful with the stuff. It's important to taper up and taper down when you take it. Start off with the lowest possible dose. See how your body reacts when she's set on. Then you can bump up and get the most out of the least. A lot of the things I promote here is harm reduction. It has always taken too much shit. It doesn't matter what it is. If you're getting a good effect out of 20 or 40 micrograms, then just stick with that. Don't watch it more. To get out of somewhere in the 20 to 60 range intermediate, 60 to 100 advanced, 100 plus. The gold rule, at least the brologic rules, never to exceed 200. As I mentioned before, taper your doses up and down. My experience, I think it's the best fat burden. I get the most effect out of it. I keep in mind, people think these things have some sort of magic effect that you're going to make you lose fat without having to die at. Doesn't work that way. I don't know what the metabolic effect is of, of, of, could be a row. Let's just say conservatively. I mean, I think this is pretty being over, over generous, but let's just say it. Raise your metabolism at 10%. And your, your base metabolic rate is 2,500 calories. You're talking about another 250 calories a day, a leeway that it gives you. I mean, one don't, I blows that out of the water. So, you know, one latte blows that out of the water. You know, or one coke blows that out of the water. It's not, it's not a miracle. It's kind of the cherry on the Sunday. I would only say, I would hear guys using it in the, in their blocking phases. And obviously, why would the fuck would you do that? I just don't get it. Save it for one year in contest prep. And like you're getting towards the end, and you need to get that last little bit off. I mean, Jesus fucking Christ, just taking a year around, it's just, it's just stupid, my opinion. Other things I've had issues with, like I mentioned my blood pressure. I got really low with it. And sometimes I'd stay in up and feeling it was going to faint. Night sweats. It doesn't make me a bit anxious. All stimulus, even coffee makes me a little anxious. I would personally not go more than 100 micrograms. 100 micrograms makes me jittery as fuck. And it does more than what I needed to do. I just don't think you need it more than that. My pulse to go up pretty, pretty significantly. My heart wrestling hard rate went up about 15 points when I was on it. It did settle down afterwards. As I mentioned earlier, I think it works better than my prescription as my medicine. It really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, please opt my lungs. Anyway, thank you. That's all I have on this one. You know, feel free to ask questions in the comment section. Happy to answer any questions you have. If there's other videos you'd like me to make, please let me know. I'll be happy to record them and take suggestions and follow me on Instagram. Like, subscribe, all that jazz. Have a great day.