D-ball, Mithandro, Stinolone. Stairwood profile. D-ball is one of the oldest antibiotics steroids. One of the first ones created as a derivative of testosterone from what I recall. It was loved and cherished by the Golden Arab bodybuilders, Arnold Schwarzenegger, those dudes. They all took D-ball. They all took D-ball. They all took D-ball. We'll talk about D-ball a little more about it. D-ball. I always know when I see somebody in the gym on D-ball, they look like a fucking swollen blaze orange. Stay puffed marshmallow man. So if that's the look you're looking for, D-ball is the steroid for you. Let's dig into it a little bit more. So D-ball, probably as a D-ball, it is a structurally altered form of testosterone. D-ball is from the testosterone tree. The double bond at the carbons 1 and 2 have been modified. This modification reduces the endroinicity. I think I said that right this time. I always fuck that one up. It has a weaker binding affinity with the endrogen receptor than test, but what is interesting is because the way it acts, it's actually just stronger and a biolike even though it has a weaker binding affinity. It has a modification at the 17th carbon position by the addition of a methyl group. If we know anything about oral steroids, this makes it a C-17, a antibiotic steroid. That modification makes it so it can be processed and adjusted orally and used by your body. It also makes it liver toxic. Although D-ball isn't as liver toxic as some other orals, but it's still liver toxic. So the endrogenic and antibiotic rating, as compared to test, it has a lower endrogenic rating 40 to 60. For what I understand, it was originally created because they wanted to lower the specifically designed for that fact. They wanted to lower the endroinic effects of testosterone, so they made D-ball. It has an antibiotic rating of 92 to 10 depending on how your body handles it. It is potentially a stronger antibiotic than a testosterone is weaker androgenic. It has very strong estrogenic effects while it doesn't convert as heavily as testosterone for what I understand. It converts to a stronger form of estrogen methyl estrodiol, which is significantly stronger than regular estrodiol, which is normally what most test converts to any way. I can talk about it later, but it really fucked me up as estrogenic side effects. It promotes pure, lean tissue gain, supposedly mild android genic effects, but they're still there. Here's another interesting thing about it that most people don't know. Chemically, D-ball is almost identical to EQ. Equipoise, hold it on a decade or something like that. I've probably fucked up that estrogen name. But both were from the testry and developed by the pharmaceutical company C-Bah. If you look at the molecules, really the only difference is from what I can tell is the methylation. It's essentially it is just oral equipoise, although it does have some different properties because of the methylation. Equipoise doesn't convert to methyl estrodiol. I also presume that the methyl estrodiol is why people get bloated in huge on D-ball versus EQ. Anyway, moving on, the effects of D-ball increased protein synthesis, increased nitrogen retention, strong antibiotic action promotes fast-sized gain, which I think is just mostly bloated water from the methyl estrodiol. That's what I speculate. It also makes you grow titties. At least it didn't mean. I don't know if that's an effect or side effect. Depends on what you're desiring from it. Side effects of D-ball. It has some nasty, nasty side effects. At least it did with me. It is strong, estrogenic side effects, bloating, gyna, high blood pressure, mild and estrogenic side effects. So ladies, this is something to keep in mind. It can cause masculinization in women. In my experience, that a lot of the UGL antivar is actually D-ball. So make sure you're testing your antivar to see if it's actually antivar when you get it. You might actually be taking D-ball in thus singing baritone in the choir by the end of your cycle. Something to keep in mind. It suppresses HDL significantly raises, or sorry, suppresses HDL significantly raises LDL on it's type L. So it really will fuck your cholesterol. You're looking profile. Suppresses HTPA significantly, and doses as low as 10 milligrams per day. I don't know if it's quite a suppressive as testosterone and I don't think so. So they save mild suppression of natural testosterone production. It's what I read, but that's not just depends. I don't see that being true. I read that it was something like 70% after 15 milligrams for six weeks. So just something to keep in mind. It is C-17, alkalated, so it can be liver, toxic, dependent on the duration and doses. The study I saw so that 10 milligrams per day for eight weeks showed very little to know elevation and liver enzymes. 15 milligrams, however, did raise liver enzymes. So it's just a small increase, raise liver enzymes. Applications for D-ball. If you want to get big, quick, D-ball is probably the, we'll probably make you bigger quicker than anything else. Even though it's all just bloat and garbage weight. You know, the same thing with size or strength, sorry, if you want a quick increase in strength, that additional bloat gives you leverage. So I know sometimes power lifters and want bloat going into competitions. I could see it being used for power lifting. I don't know a ton about power lifting and drug application for power lifting, but or strongman. So that bloat may be advantageous. Going into a power lifting competition. Although D-ball makes me cramp up like a motherfucker. I can't imagine that's good for power lifting. Great for increases in explosive activity. So also Olympic lifting. I've read that it can be good for Olympic lifting. Once again, I'm going to share about Olympic lifting and what, bodybuilding is kind of my wheelhouse. The half-life. It's three to five hour half-life. So if you want stable levels of it in your blood, you're going to have to take it multiple times a day, three, four times a day. From what I've seen most people just use it as a pre-workout. And they take it all before they lift. Cycles and Doses. Male Doses, a beginner, does 10 to 15 milligrams per day. You're going to definitely notice that 10 to 15 milligrams a day. Intermediate Doses 15 to 50 milligrams a day. Advanced Doses 50 plus. I read that Arnold Schwarzenegger would start off at 10 to 15 and work his way up to 100. They used to do these pyramid cycles back in the 70s, where they would ramp up slowly. I don't know who knows of that street, but that's what I read that he would stack it with primordial or deco. They didn't take test back then. I don't think the rant astringes in the 70s. Don't quote me on that, but that's what I recall. Female, don't take it. Although you're anivore that you think, Sanivore, might really be debaust to consider that. My experience, I have taken it up to his highest 50 milligrams. I haven't used it in decades. I tried it my 20s. It made me a bloated mess. I needed a bra after I used it because it made my fucking gona just go bananas. My blood pressure increased by 50 points within a couple weeks of taking 50 milligrams. 50, what up? 50. I can't be good for you. Pumps and cramps are so nasty at times. I would get calf cramps so bad. I couldn't even walk on the treadmill. It was so nasty. It did suppress my appetite as well. I don't know if everybody gets that. I would get swollen ankles to the point where if I put socks on, you can see the indentation in my ankles from where my socks, the elastic, my socks, or something. I don't know. I think it's a fucking garbage stare. I don't know why anybody likes it. Strength, I definitely got strong as fuck, but it all went away when I came off of it. I think that most of the games that you get from debaust are fake. They don't last. They go away. I don't see any point taken unless, you know, the only instance where I can see any value for it is maybe at low doses, 10, 15 milligrams per workout. If you just want to enhance the pump, it definitely gives you a fucking crazy ass pump. I've never, like the craziest pumps I've ever gotten from anything, you've been from debaust. You know, I could see it being applied in that way. I just would not use it on any days where you're doing anything that's putting stress on your lower backs of squats, deadlifts. You're going to get lower back pumps so fucking bad that you're not going to be able to complete that. So that defeats the purpose of doing those exercises. As I mentioned, it was loved in the golden era. Debal and Primo, Debal and Deca were just kind of like the standards back in the 70s. But I think they use it because there was a lack of knowledge and better choices back then. I don't really see or hear of any pro body builders using it right now. I mean, maybe there are, but I don't know of any. And I just, there's just way better options. It's just a fucking garbage steroid. It really is. It just, you take equipoys if you want the antibiotic effect. It is essentially injectable debal without the methylation and the nasty side effects from the methyl, estradiol conversion. Don't even take it if you want the effects of debal without the nasty side effects. Take equipoys. That's my two cents. But, you know, what do I know? Anyway, thank you for watching my video. Really appreciate it. Feel free to ask questions in the comments section. If there are other videos you want me to record, I'd be happy to do so. You know, please, open for requests. Like and subscribe, follow me on Instagram. I am at Paul K. Barnett on Instagram. Trying to get this off the ground. I've said it a million times. I don't know what my goal is with this, but other than getting good information out there. But anyway, thank you. Have a great day.