Can you be vegan or vegetarian and make it to the top of bodybuilding to the Olympia? I'm going to say it's possible but not probable. There's too many, it's too complicated to get the type of protein in that you need to get the kind of vegan or vegetarian. Anybody who knows anything about it, most plant-based sources of protein are not complete proteins. They don't have all the 9 essential amino acids. They do not have all 20 in a complete chain like animal protein would. You can mix the match proteins to accomplish that or mix the match vegetable sources to get a complete protein. There are also a few that have all if a soy does, although it's kind of in a garbage proportion. There's a lot of complication for getting that. So for example, let's think about soy. If you were going to eat tofu as your protein source, it takes 900 calories of tofu to get roughly 50 grams of complete protein. 220 calories or so of a chicken breast will get you the same amount of protein. Okay, you're thinking to yourself what's the big deal. The problem is when you're dieting, you're cutting down for a show. How are you going to be in a caloric deficit and keep your protein high enough to retain muscle if you have to eat 900 calories to get 50 grams of protein? You're not. It's going to be impossible. So you're going to have to sacrifice muscle mass in order to achieve a caloric deficit to cut for a show. So it's damn there possible to maximize your potential on a vegan and vegetarian diet. It's also extremely complicated. You have to know the various vegetable sources and what vegetables you need to mix and match plant based sources, which that you need to make some match to get a complete protein. And another factor to consider too is a lot of plants have phytosestrogens in them as well. Soy being terrible for that. So not only are you contending with having to eat atomic calories to get enough protein, you're also contending with being in a very high estrogen environment when you're cutting which anyone who's done a bodybuilding show knows that estrogen is the enemy of getting lean. It just blokes your up, makes your retain fat. Ultimately it's about a caloric deficit. So we have two problems here. You're fighting an uphill battle with not having enough value with protein versus calories dealing with phytosestrogens. And there's also the digestion issue. It's look at the other side. If you're blocking in a hypertrophy phase, anyone who's eaten enough food to get big or nose of your stomach gets very sensitive. I have to cut vegetables back or remove them completely from my diet when I'm in a hypertrophy phase because it just fots my digestion up. I fart. My stomach gets upset and I'm not fully digesting my food and we want to maximize digestion when we're in a hypertrophy phase to get the most muscle growth. If you can't digest your food, if you're having trouble digest your food, you're not absorbing and putting it to use. So it's the double-ed sword. And ultimately bodybuilding is about at the highest level is about optimization doing what is the most optimal. I'm not a phytonovie or vegetarian diets for sports performance. I just don't think they are optimal. I've done it so you can't be a professional athlete and be vegan or vegetarian. There's plenty of people that have done it. We're talking about being the best. If you want to get the maximum results, if you want to optimize your performance with the diet being vegan or vegetarian is not the way to do it. I'm sorry, it just isn't. I don't see how it can be considering those factors. So yes, you can be, you can put a muscle with being vegan or vegetarian. It is not optimal. That's my thought. I know I'm going to get a lot of hate for this. Have a great day.