Pulled down undeclionate, more commonly known as Equipoise. So we're going to go into it today and talk about Equipoise. It's an interesting steroid. One of the most commonly used ones in body building for both blocking and cutting. It's an interesting steroid. One of the earlier developed ones. I believe it was originally first developed in the late 40s. But I don't know that it was ever used in humans at that point. But we'll get into it a little bit and talk about it here. So, Bolden on. Some properties. One thing I want to talk about real quick that drives me nuts. I... It's shocking. I hear a lot of coaches and bro's on the internet. Telling people, you're surprising this comes from coaches that clearly don't know what the fuck they're talking about. But saying that you shouldn't use things that were never approved for human use. Obviously they've never read about Bolden on and looked into it. It was used in humans in the 60s and 70s. It was used under the name Perenoball. It was used as a treatment for osteoporosis and muscle wasting it. You know, and these guys are going around telling people you shouldn't use things because it was never approved for human use. It's true that that aqua poise itself, aqua being equined for horses is a veterinary steroid. But the original, you know, which is chemically identical Perenoball's clinically identical to aqua poise, it was used in humans. So let's get into it a little bit more. The structure, the altered form of testosterone, it is very closely related to testosterone. There's a double bond between the one and two carbons. This reduces the estrogenic side effects. It's basically tasked with all the estrogen conversion. It converts at 50% of the rate of tests. So really just kind of think of it as test without all the extra estrogenic side effects. Same metabolic properties as test, same metabolic rating as test. Lower androgenic properties and tests. It doesn't have as strong of an effect on, you know, things like prostate, mescalization. But it's still, if I was a woman, I wouldn't use it. So the endrogenic rating is 50. Anabolic rating is 100. There's also a common bro misconception that it's similar to DACA, Nandrum loan. I don't know where the fuck this comes from. It's not even from the same tree. They have completely different properties. There's no no progestinic activity. And it's from the test tree. It's not even, yeah, I don't know where guys get this shit from. Same thing with the, it was never used in humans. It reduces to dihydro boldenone rather than DHT, which is interesting. It is a far more potent anrogen. While it converts via the 5 AR, 5 AR, and hybrid is do not work on it. So just something to be aware of. Although it doesn't bind strongly with the scalp, prostate as readily as DHT is. So you shouldn't have to worry about your prostate swollen up and peeing like an old man or your hair falling out. Like you would with test, so it should be easier on those side effects. And another thing that's really really interesting about debaul is chemically, or I'm sorry, equi place, chemically, equi place in debaul are the same. The only thing that's really different is, equi place isn't methylated like, like debaul is for oral administration. And now while debaul does have some different properties because it converts to a more, like I got the name of the skimps, but the methylation causes it to convert to a more potent. Estradiol, then regular test does or bolognond does, so it causes nasty estrogen side effects, but essentially equi place is a clean version of debaul. So if you want to take debaul, just use equi place, you get the needle out without all the nasty side effects. Yeah, it is interesting that they're both essentially the same. So effects of equi place increase protein synthesis, like all other steroids increase nitrogen retention, increase IDF one production, increase red blood cell count, it has a reputation for raising red blood cell count more than just about any other steroid. You know, maybe anodrols worse, but you know, so if you're hematicryt gets high, that's just something to be aware of. You may want to stay away from it. I don't have issues with my hematicryt. I'm so disney other videos, but I'll embarrass repeating that a lot of people, a lot of people, a lot of them to see hematicryt issues. It's not actually hematicryt issues. It's hydration issues. People just aren't drinking enough water. If you drink plenty of water that those numbers tend to go down. In addition to glucocorticoid stress hormones, like cortisol, so it does suppress them to certain bit which could make it good for cutting. And increased appetite. This is interesting. I have a friend who used to raise horses. He told me that they use it in raise horses because raise horses tend to be spastic and don't eat a lot. And the equipolis will get them eating more, and it also helps them keep on muscle mass, so they're not super thin. And they get threw down and helps them be bigger, but he said mainly they take it for the appetite for the horses. I don't know if that's true or not. I don't know a lot about horse riding racing, but that's what this dude told me. Side effects of EQ. It's mild compared to testosterone. It's a cleaner version of testosterone, essentially. With the exception of the hematicryt, it does tend to raise a matricrit more than ribblets, or count more than testosterone, doesn't people, some people. Slight risk of a rummagesation, like I said, it's pretty mild. It's 50% of test. I've run it by itself and not had to use an AI where I do test in higher doses. Slight risk of angogenic side effects we mentioned that before. Body hair growth baldness, you know, the nine prostate hyperplasia, acne, all the typical stuff. You know, women should probably stay away from it unless you want to be a dude. I don't know. That's your personal decision. It does suppress testosterone, natural test production, all steroids due to its secondary degree. Applications for EQ. I personally think it's great for size building, especially if you're somebody who struggles to put down a shit ton of racing chicken. It will increase your appetite. I get hungry as fuck when I use EQ. Not that I have any problems with appetite. I have the opposite problem. I want to eat all the time. It's great for strength gains. It's not the best, but you know, I think I get more out of Nandrolone as far as strength in size gains go, but I don't have as many side effects as I do with Nandrolone. It is certainly a very, very good alternative if you're sensitive to Nandrolone's. I find Nandrolone to be more effective for putting on size and strength at least for me. But I know some people can't handle Nandrolone, so they just just fox them up and you know, blow it anxious mess when they take Nandrolone to start growing boobs from the progesterine confacts of it. You know, just something to keep in mind, it is an alternative to Nandrolone or if you can't afford, I think it's the best really if you can afford it. The best profile of safety versus benefit. It can be used in fat loss phases, a lot of guys use it in fat loss phases, I never have. I may try it at some point. I when people are using it in fat loss phases, I generally see it as an alternative to test. High doses of test because it doesn't convert to estrogen, it's such a high rate. It helps to keep you full. But you know, that way you can keep your test doses lower or you can use it and said. The declinate um, Esther is a very long Esther 14 day half life. It can even be longer in some people, but that's. And they said a drug test, it can be detected up to a year after administration. That is fucking crazy. And you got to think to when you're using it, you have to run long cycles with with. Equipment voice because it takes so long to reach peak concentration in your blood. And we're talking about a month probably. And after look at the steroid calculated to see exactly, but I believe it's about a month before you actually even hit peak concentrate, month to six weeks. So, you know, it would make sense to run this on a 16 to 20 weeks cycle. And you also got to think about when you come off of it. It's going to be a new system for a long time months for it to taper down. So when you actually stop, you haven't stopped. So that's just something to think about, you know, you're going on a cruise for three weeks. No, you're not. You still have EQ in your system so it's not really cruise. Cycles and doses of beginner doses three to five hundred milligrams per week. Intermediate doses five hundred to 800 milligrams of week, you know, the pro dose or national level competitor. They usually stack it with tests 900 to 1000 milligrams a week. It seems to be dust in 300 milligrams per CC. The most of the UGL shit up to you and so guys are taking 900, you know, three shots three CCs a week. 900 milligrams a week seems to be the common dose I see my experience. I get very little in terms of side effects probably like, you know, I do like natural and better for size. But natural and can make me anxious sometimes and you know, I've had issues with guide out and I got to be careful with that because sometimes it can make it flare up. You know, so it can be a good alternative to that. You know, when I've used it, I felt out of feeling of wellness, you know, I just felt good when I was on it. No side effects, no anxiety, subtly well. I'm just updryly well. My appetite was great, which I think would make it good for for for me personally for putting on size. I don't know. I haven't tried, like I said, I haven't tried it for cutting, but with the increased appetite, I don't know if that is a smart strategy for me when I'm. Dying in in a fat loss phase, if my appetite's hard to have trouble controlling my appetite, I don't need something that's good increase my appetite. Even further when I'm on a diet, I think I would lose my goddamn mind. I like to say that I have not had him at a credit issues type over there. But I do some people that get the hermatic it gets crazy high on on EQ. So if you're going to try it out, I would try it out on low doses first because the half life is so fucking long. It's going to take forever to get it out of you system. If you end up blowing your hermatic it up to like 60 years, something is going to take a couple months to get it back months to get it out of your system. And you're probably going to have to go donate blood or get you know at that point you're probably too high and donate blood, but have bloodlighting done. Like I said, I've only used it for hypertrophy. I don't know for me personally, I don't think it's a good choice for cutting because of the appetite issues. That's my two cents. You may be fine, but I would not probably first go. I would not try it on a fat loss phase. Thank you. Please like and subscribe to my channel. Hopefully you find this helpful. Please feel free to ask questions. I enjoy answering questions. And if there's any videos you would like me to make, I'm hoping to suggest you to send them my way and I will record more stuff. Thank you for watching the video.