Um, Eximustin, Eximustin, I don't know how you said, but commonly sold as a rumourson is a rubber tasin hibbiter. We're going to look at it today. This is its application for bodybuilding. Before you do that, please take the time to like my video, subscribe. I get a lot of people watching my videos, but not many subscribing. I really appreciate it if you subscribe. I'll keep cranking these out for people seem to like them. Um, you know, and I want to reiterate that the primary objective here is harm reduction. A lot of young guys are going to do this stuff regardless. Um, I want to try to provide hopefully some science-based information in some real-life experience to help you make better decisions and do this more safely. Um, I'll say you can follow me on Paul, Paul K. Bonnet one Instagram if you want to get the heads up on when things are coming out. But anyway, let's dig into this. So, uh, Eximustin isn't oral anti-astrogen drug. Um, more specifically, it is a steroidal suicide inhibitor. And what we mean by suicide inhibitor is that it is an aromotace inhibitor that binds irreversibly to the aromotace enzyme. So, when it binds to the enzyme, that enzyme is neutralized. Whereas, um, let's resolve in an astrosol are reversible. Um, so what ends up happening a lot times with an astrosol and let's resolve you get, um, an astrogen rebound as the enzyme becomes active again. Um, I don't know specifically with, uh, with, with, uh, Eximustin, but my, my anecdotal experiences that I don't get the same type of astrogen rebound when I come off. Um, it is an antigen analog as well, which makes it different from, um, from lettersol and an astrosol. Um, I want to point out, um, a, a key beat in this one haul, that the bros, the gym bros, like the lump, every anti-astrogen into the same category, they think they all work the same. They do not, um, there is a difference between an aromotace inhibitor. There's different classes of aromotace inhibitors, class one, class two. Um, and there's also a certain selective estrogen receptor modulator, which would be Tomox of them, which attaches to the, um, selectively attaches to the receptor in breast tissue to block estrogen in that location. Um, this, uh, Eximustin was originally developed as a breast cancer treatment as all romotace inhibitors were studies have shown that a 25 milligrams per day dose lowered estrogen by 85 percent. Um, there was a proved for a human use in 1999 as an adjunct treatment for breast cancer. It was shown to be more effective than Tomox of them alone. Um, effects of eximustin, um, block sear romotace enzyme, um, reduces irreversibly, blocks the enzyme, um, deactivates it. Uh, reduces estrogen levels through that process, uh, reduces estrogen, stimulated breast tissue growth, um, which is why it was used in cancer patients, um, breast cancer patients also important for our somebody building because in theory it should reduce, uh, the growth of gynecumacia. Um, note, I, you know, on very, I've, I've, I've, you know, there's, you know, the, the brometh, and it doesn't, I don't know if it's a myth, but the, the bromlogic that there's, that it doesn't fuck up your lip, it's like, uh, letters all or an ashwasal do it. I looked around at various studies, I've found a bunch of it makes information, but there are a lot of studies that say that it has minimal to know effect on your, uh, negative effect when your lipids like, um, you know, a ashwasal and lexasal can. I can tell you lectures all across my lipids, but, um, this is, you know, for the most part, it seems to be easier on your lipids than those two are. Side effects of examistane, uh, fatigue, nausea, hot flashes, depression, pain, um, muscle pain, uh, insomnia, anxiety, shortness of breath, and bone, mineral density loss, although studies that I looked at showed that it was, in a lot of cases seemed to be less than a room of dexin, which was all they're all kind of similar. So you have to watch out for that, um, it can cause osteoporosis with long-term abuse, um, with, with the romantais inhibitors, it's important to take vitamin D and calcium to help with that. Um, I will, I will say personally, I have not, I don't, it seems to cause at least a amount of side effects of me, I don't, I don't, out of the romantais inhibitors. Bodybuilding uses for eximustane, used to combat high estrogen levels, uh, best with use with steroids that heavily are traumatized, like test, et cetera. Uh, to prevent in shrink, gynecromaccia, uh, combat estrogen-related, uh, bloating, um, which can cause high blood pressure, um, hardening up for contest prep, you know, in romantais inhibitors may, they seem to increase body fat loss, um, and, uh, water and bloating loss. Uh, half life of eximustane is 24 hours roughly that, you know, I saw on studies, um, so with this in mind means that you should dose it once a day, ideally, um, I've, you know, in the past, I've done it every other day, which is probably not smart. Uh, so probably once a day would be the more reasonable of better way to do it, doses, I hate classifying it this way, but beginner, I would say 12.5 milligrams every other day, or if you're doing it every other day, shots, maybe take it with your testosterone shots, intermediate, uh, 12.5 milligrams every day in advance, 25 milligrams each day. You shouldn't have to go more than 25 milligrams per day. Uh, pre-medum policy women should avoid it. I would also, you know, rather than classifying this, this is beginner intermediate, advanced, really you should let your symptoms and extra dial levels indicate the dose that you need. Um, if, you know, I see a lot of guys just taking, um, teams and editors without knowing what their extra dial levels are. Get it tested. Find out. I mean, you're just, you're just throwing spaghetti at the wall, you know, and seeing what sticks, uh, when, when you're doing that, but you have no idea, you might not even need it. Um, even if your extra dial is a little high and you're not having blood pressure issues, you're not having issues with gynecumacia, uh, don't take it, uh, because estrogen is actually, um, healthy for you. It protects, it's neuro, neuroprotective. It is good for your lipids. Uh, it also is good for muscle growth. So if you're not in contest prep mode, I would try to use as little as possible when it comes to anti-extrigence or none at all if you can get away with it. My experience, my estrogen always runs high just always has. I, it just generally can I get away without using at least some small level of room taste and the huiter. I, I found that when I use it, it's my stain that my lipids are fine. I don't have any negative effect on my lipids. That's been my experience. Also, it seems to call the least amount of side effects out of all the AIs for me personally. Um, let's resolve, I feel like shit when I use letters though, it is horrible. Uh, I hear a lot of the guys report the same thing. I just feel, with the Arctic, my joint turret, it's as terrible. Um, once again, I'll reiterate it, don't use AIs unless you need them. Um, let's spend my experience, you know, from looking at my blood work that it is not as effective for lowering estrogen as a ruminax or letters all, although the studies that I looked at said, you know, 25mg per day dose will lower at 85%. It's just not been my experience. Um, important note, I've made this note about hull aromatease inhibitors. They do not help with estrogen symptoms from non-aromatizing steroids. Um, anadro, anadro has some sort of the fact where it can directly attach to the estrogen receptor and cause kind of comascia. This is not going to help you. Um, anyway, thank you for watching my video. Uh, once again, please like and subscribe, feel free to ask questions in the comments section. I'll do my best to answer any in all questions. Honestly, as I can, it's again, this is about harm reduction. I want to try to give you real life experiences and help people be safer in this bodybuilding venture. Um, if there are other videos you would like me to make, please let me know. I'm happy to take suggestions and follow me on Instagram at Paul J Barnett. Thank you.