So, hi, carb day with Justin Harris's carb cycling. This is what I'm doing on my rebound right now. I already went over the medium day, so I'll give you a peek into what the high day looks like. So the general rules for the high day and this doesn't change whether you rebound, not test, whatever. I try to keep my meals space two and a half to three hours part. On the high day, I check my glucose levels before the meals. I usually try to eat one that's below 100. Usually if I stretch it up to three hours, that's usually a good spot. Sometimes I'll even get a little hypos, if insulin's used. No, I don't fat during that day. The oils try to keep everything as low fat as possible. I stick to this close to zero fat protein for that. Similarly, possible. Usually I just eat 99% chicken breasts or cod during the day. Like I said, fat is as close to zero as possible. Up to half the carbs can come from low fat sugary carbs. I usually do fruit juice, whole juice is only. I usually get the simply brand juice, the simply orange, simply fruit punch. Sugar is zero. It's my coat is Captain Crunch or cinnamon checks. Those are usually the ones I go to. Natural jam. I use to get organic jam that you should try to stay away from high fructose corn syrup where possible. I don't know if it makes much of a difference, but you know, you know, for some information that hyphricus corn syrup doesn't readily convert into muscle glycogen, at least not easily. Sugar is a better. Piphilling same deal with the piphilling. I usually get apple piphilling or sometimes blueberry piphilling when I get the piphilling. I make sure it's the piphilling that has real sugar and a dxtro, it's not hyphricus corn syrup. Which is the hilarious thing that is when I get the cheap Walmart brand piphilling, it actually uses real sugar in the expensive Comstock stuff. It's mostly hyphricus corn syrup and has a bunch of added. The cheap Walmart great value brand is just apples, corn starch, sugar which is just blows my mind. It goes to show you that you need to look at the ingredients and stuff before you buy it and assume that name brand expensive stuff is better. A lot of times it's not. There were many carbs come from more complex sources, starches, sources. I usually just stick with white rice, anything else because of the quantity of carbs that I'm eating during that day, waste to have you on my stomach digestion. I really focus on things that digest easily that day. I don't eat any vegetables on the high carb day. Sometimes I'll have some fruits, just depends. If I eat anything heavy like complex carbs like brown rice, oats, even potatoes, even other starchic carbs or vegetables, I just can't digest the food properly to be ready from my next meal. The goal today is to get down the carbs. Optional cheat, there is an optional cheat the end of the day. When I was on contest night, I didn't do it. Maybe once or twice when Justin told me to. Psychologically when I'm in diet mode, I don't like the cheat. It just foxed with my head and then I just start craving, get weird food cravings. When I stay away from cheating, the food cravings go away. It's probably psychological. I'm guessing, but if I stay away from junk food, I don't get cravings for junk food. Usually I try to stick with a clean cheat versus a dirty cheat. It's been more dirty cheat than anything. I've had a couple of slip ups on the rebound, house and tire bag of family says, bag of peanut M&Ms. I've rate it. My kids snacked with $1.99. I've been moderately okay. I'd say I've been 95% compliant with the diet. I have been making the most of the cheat meals. That is for sure. Some of my cheat meals have been in the dirty or brand of cheat meal. What I mean by dirty cheat meal is high fat, maybe not the best sources of carbs. Like going out to an entire restaurant for dinner and eating the fried gal maravir, appetizer, having a piece of tiramisu for dessert and spaghetti meatballs. That would be a dirty cheat. Clean cheat would be meat and rice type of things. Like going to the outback and having a plain baked potato and a steak and maybe a salad. I don't know if you even qualify that as a cheat. That's what I define as a clean cheat. Usually my clean cheat, I like Mediterranean food. I don't get cababs often or sometimes I'll get to put a breadable. It's going to make it to. But right now my or Thai, I like Thai food. Right now I'll get a cheat and then I'll have a dessert with a cheat usually a couple cookies or some sorbet or something at the end. Once again I'm going to reiterate that measurement is an optional. You have to measure your foods and weigh your foods. Grame scale is the best way. Measuring spoons and cups are okay but they're not going to be as accurate as weighing everything out. The current diet construction right now. The four meals that aren't around the workout window, 125 grams of carbs, 40 grams protein, close to zero fat is possible. Half of those carbs are coming from at least half of those carbs are coming from star cheese carbs. I keep it a little higher than half for me. It's cream and rice and rice and rice. For my sugar, I jam, OJ, Pyfeiling, cinnamon checks. What I got on the deck tomorrow I think I'll record the video tomorrow of what I'm eating exactly. For the workout window, same deal just higher carbs. It's 150 grams of carbs, pretty workout. Then the post workout cheat. Intra is 10 grams of BCAAs and 50 grams of simple carbs I use highly breached, cyclic dexter. That's it. We'll get into the meal now. The first day meal number one, today, as I said earlier, the macros for the meals, the non-workout window meals. 125 grams of carbs, 40 grams of protein and zero out of fat. You're in the world with the chicken breast. This is probably my favorite meal of that. Let's discuss it. I do cream and rice with my mom, jam, my mom, jam is super expensive. If you get it at the grocery store, but cost her has these giant containers. I think they're one quart, 36 ounces, whatever. Like 10 bucks in the little tiny pint ones are $9 at the grocery store. I'm also going to treat myself to a monster, I stood up to zero calorie monster, I stayed up way too late, watching the watching football team, almost lose to the new giant split. Anyway, that's meal number one. The O2, this is pretty simple one. I'm going with the chicken and rice, orange juice. I do this simply orange juice. Those orange juice, if you look at the ingredients, I don't know if you can see the ingredients on here. To bunch of fucking garbage, they'll say like 20, 30 percent orange juice, and it has high-fructed corns, blah, blah, blah, blah. Once you're out of the crap, and at the simply orange juice is just orange, it's nothing also added to it. I don't know if it didn't have the day, it really makes much of a different health-wise, but I just like it just tastes better. I'm going to macros for this meal, 125 grams of carbs, 40 grams of protein. I did want to, as somebody asked me about my race cooker if it cooks evenly. This thing is wild. You can see in here my race has been in here for 49 hours. I don't know if you can see this, but it's still. Rice is still fluffy, it's not stuck, it's not a bird. One of the cool things that this race cooker does is it cooks. The race from the top and the bottom is that you have even heating. You can see up top is a heating element. It's so jerushi, if you don't have one, I would get one. meal number three on the high carb day, same macros before. I know this looks disgusting, but this is blueberry pie filling with rice. I usually get just the generic brand of potty, I think it's easy, it's a little sugar in it. Chicken is usual. Typically I go with the apple pie filling, I like it better, but I kind of wanted to mix it up today, blueberry pies and my favorite, but hey, when in Rome, anyway, this is meal number three. meal four on the high carb day. I've got chicken and rice with some cucumber and soy sauce on it. Cinnamon checks here, I'll try to believe that is what 60 grams of carbs of cinnamon checks. I've got noodles I probably have eaten in my past 500 grams of carbs, cereal meal. I can also have some entire box or half a box of cereal, no problem. I love these subseries, I'll put them in. Anyway, this one's super simple, cinnamon checks rice, chicken, that's it with a little bit of soy sauce on it. meal number five, this one looks familiar, you've seen this one before, my jam and creamer rice, bon- bon- bon- bon- bon- bon- chicken for my intro workout, I do know, true nutrition EA, plus 10 grams of essential amino's, I use the highly branch, sickly dexterian from true nutrition as well. You could use waxy maize or something, carbonyl and something cheaper, waxy maize tends to bloat me up, I know the HPCD is expensive, but it goes down smooth, I mean, you don't have to use it, it just digs easy here for me. I usually don't use a pre-workout, but today I'm feeling kind of blah, I need an extra kick in the pants, so I'm using fin-rests, cereal, pre-workout from Vahala Labs, Dr. Todd, I'll drink the pre-workout while eating my meal, I'll probably head to the gym in about an hour. But anyway, that is meal number five and my intro, shake and my pre-workout. I'm still number six, I hit the gym pretty hard tonight, I get my hit cardio in after words, nice and sweaty, ready to eat some calories, so I got one of my go-to's, which is Moly Dick Cobab, if you're in the DC metro area, they've been around forever, everybody knows Moly Dick, so I got the beef and chicken and I got eggplant, also a black and white cookie for dessert. When I, probably here soon I'll start tightening up the cheat meals a little bit and just keep it to the meat and rice, body fat started to pick up a little bit, so I'm cleaning these up and probably not doing one every high day, but on some high days I'll just cook my own cheat meals, so I have better control over where it goes into it, because I only know how much fat is in here or not, I think they're pretty lean. I always, I know the guy that runs the place I was telling no butter on the rice and this is a cooks it for me, the low fat way, so I don't know what that is, but you know, if there is such a thing, the low fat with us, but anyway, this is my cheat meal for tonight, it's a pretty good one, I'm looking forward to having it. Take care.