as to prone a nutrition. Justin is my nutritional work with for bodybuilding. I've had a couple of people ask me about what my day and my diet looks like. This is right now. I'm not a strict with this and was during contest prep, but this is kind of what today looks like. So I just thought I would record a medium day so you can see what a medium day looks like. Right now I am doing three medium days a week, three high days a week in one low day a week. I train six days a week so the medium and high days are on training days. But this kind of give you a high level look at what the diet looks like. So my macro is right now for the medium day. I am doing a hundred or I'm sorry, 75 grams of carbs. And the four meals that are outside of the training window, 50 grams of protein and seven grams of added fat. For my pre workout meal, I am doing a 125 grams of carbs, 50 grams of protein, zero grams of added fat. For my intro workout, that's actually a typo. I'm doing 25 grams of carbs, and 10 grams of protein from branch chain amino acids. Post workout same deal, 125 grams of carbs, 50 grams of protein. I'll go through and I'm gonna do some videos of the individual meal so you can see what they look like as well. The notes on it meals are spaced two and a half to three hours apart. I found if I go any sooner than two and a half hours, usually I'm not done digesting the last meal, so they just kind of pile on top of each other and calls in digestion. Three hours usually is, if I have enough time to space them out, three hours apart, that's optimal for me for digestion. I get past three hours and I know it's my blood sugar so it's getting a little low. Fat, the fat macros that are detailed and the diet are added fats only. I am not counting the fats that come from meat and carbs, or since although they're pretty low in fat. So when I say seven grams of fat, that's added fat and that comes from essential sources such as nuts, nut butter, olive oil, avocado oil, fish oil, things like that. Macadamia, not oil, whatever. Meets are lean meats only. I primarily eat 99% chicken breast. I get 96% ground beef. It's kind of hard to find. Walmart has it a wall fucking places, but I usually get it at Walmart. White fish I mostly stick with cod for the way fish, cod tastes like shit. Well, I actually taste like nothing, but I can't hardly taste anything. Anyway, with having COVID long haul, it tastes symptoms of it's whatever. Things I do avoid, I have over the years kind of developed my own methodology with foods to avoid. I know things that blow my stomach up. Too many vegetables. I know that seems counterintuitive, everybody says eat more vegetables, eat more vegetables. If I eat too many vegetables, I am playing fire with my butt all. I just tear my stomach up for some reason. Anybody with IBS, which can embarrass admit that I have it, well, no one I'm talking about, but salad just goes right through me. I can't even eat salad very rarely or if I do have to do it in moderation. Excessive gluten, I can have some gluten, but if I eat too much gluten, it definitely blows me up. Dairy is a no-go for me. I'm gonna be farting like a renace or so, if I eat dairy. Overdoing the hot sauce, I can get away a little bit. Sometimes I fold myself into thinking and then get away more than I can to pay the price later. Garlic, I can have a very limited amount of garlic, but garlic also destroys my stomach. Egg whites, I don't know what the hell happened. I used to eat to shit out of egg whites. I'd have them every day for breakfast. And all of a sudden I developed an intolerance for them. I just cannot eat them anymore. They make me sick almost instantly when I eat them now. I don't know what that's about. Too much hot sauce on your twice, it's so much I have to think about it. Hot peppers as well. I gotta be careful with hot peppers. Too much coffee. I can get away with a little bit of coffee. For whatever reason, energy drinks don't bother me. So there's something unique about the coffee. My guest or interologist said it's the acid within the coffee. Not the caffeine that people always assume that it's caffeine that upset your stomach. He said that's not the case. He said it's the acid in the coffee that causes you stomach distress for people with sensitive stomachs. Too many potatoes too. I know potatoes tend to be a staple of a bodybuilder's diet. I can get away with them once a day, but they give me some serious indigestion. I get bloated in, especially sweet potatoes. I can do one meal a day with sweet potatoes. I can get away with that, but if I go beyond that, I get bloated and I get acid reflux pretty bad. Rice seems to be the most agreeable carbs source for me. I can eat a shit ton of rice, no problems. Rice digest easily. Measurement isn't an option. Not measurement, not measuring isn't an option. I'm on the typo here, but you have to measure your foods. You can't guess. I'll tell you, I've tried it both ways using measuring cups and measuring spoons versus using the gram scale. You can be off as much as 10-20% when you're using measuring cups. I mean, it's better than nothing, but when I started weighing out my rice, I was 10-15 grams of carbs off when every rice measurement from using a measurement cup. I mean, it was all over the place, which is nuts. So I started weighing everything out with the gram scale and you get more accurate readings that way. So anyway, here we go with the actual meals broken down themselves. So meal one on the medium day with the Justin Harris component nutrition diet, when I read it on currently, and I am eating 75 grams of carbs, 50 grams per 10-7 grams of fat. So for this one, I'll have some quicker old fashioned oats. I will do the organic, curriculum and organic blueberries in those oats. I seasoned the oats with some Himalayan Seasaw, a little bit of sagan cinnamon from Kirkland. I will do a rice cake. This is my nut butter delivery system. The rice cakes are only 11 grams of carbs per serving. And I will measure out some nut butter and put on it. Also chicken breast, I cook on my chicken breast in advance. Now the chicken breast is weighed out, cook weight. The oats, I do dry weights. It's not cooking a bunch of them at a time. At a time, it's hard to factor in all the water. You put in it in any way. Blueberries, et cetera. I also, with the nut butter, I know a lot of people use a tablespoon to measure it out. I found that it's so corkly dense. You have to weigh it out to be accurate with it. So I actually put the rice cake on the gram scale. And I will actually weigh out the nut butter to make sure that I have an accurate accounting of how much fat I have. Occasionally I'll wing it if I'm in a hurry, but especially when I'm on my contest, I do everything is weighed and measured down to the exact gram. I don't use measuring cups or measuring spoons. You know, not to say that they're better than nothing, but it's not as accurate as weighing out with a weighing out with a scale. And I will show you the finished product. I'm like a boy with cooking all this stuff. For the finished meal here, I have my blueberry oatmeal, my chicken, and my rice cake with almond butter on it, I have all my vitamins and supplements portion out for the day. Sometimes I'll just eat the chicken plain and it's disgusting, but whatever you're going to have to shut down. Sometimes I'll end up, if I do all account for it, I use the no sugar at it. Hines tomato ketchup. You'll look at the nutritional it. I believe it's two grams of carbs per table spoons. It's pretty, pretty insignificant. Before I'll just use some regular old mustard, brown mustard, like gootins or something, really has to know calories. And it would be very minimal amount of calories. We're all just dump some seasoning or something on it, but I generally eat pretty bland because my stomach is sensitive, but this is meal number one. It's meals two and four use rice, lean ground beef, use guacamole for the fat. So my meal, my kitchen here is beef. Usually I use 96 for ground beef from Walmart. I'll make up these little guacamole cups from Walmart. There are exact macros that I need. I think they're like seven grams of fat per, put some tomato sauce on there. Rice, if you don't have one of these, so jurishy rice cookers, do you self-a-fairer? By one, it is well worth the money if you eat rice, I'll fucking day off and make some best rice that we ever had. This is meal number two, meal number four. meal four, this is my stir fry that I do. It's pretty simple. I really can't eat a lot of vegetables because my butt hole will pay me back. So this is the meal. I usually do some vegetables in. I get this shredded, this broccoli cabbage, mix it's for broccoli slow. It's got broccoli cabbage and carrots in it. So that way it's gonna like eat vegetables, a lot of vegetables. I put him a lay and sea salt in it. I fried him a half a tablespoon of avocado oil which is seven grams of out of fat. Season it with ginger powder, keycumans soy sauce, a little bit of ponzu. If you don't know what ponzu is, it's a woman flavored soy sauce. It's got a little bit of carbs and nothing significant. Maybe like a grandmother to per table spoon. Chicken of course and get old rice and then the end product is this which is 50 grams of protein, 75 grams of carbs, 75 grams of out of fat. That's meal number four. So meal five and six today, you're gonna be the same thing usually. I do cod for meal six. But today it is chicken and rice, but I don't really like this. I'm just lazy and don't feel like fucking cooking cod. I don't have any already made so I have to cook it. So we're just going with chicken. That is Casey and I'm sorry, sweet baby raised and I Casey and I ask for peace. No sugar at it's Hickory BBQ sauce. This shit is awesome. Four grams of carbs per two tablespoons and it tastes great. I'm gonna intro work out. I do 25 grams of carbs from highly branched, cyclic fat strun, true nutrition. Now I always get there stuff quality, supplements. I use the true nutrition eat a plus. Mino acids, as in lecture lights, whatnot and them as well. And it makes those up in about 40 ounces of water to make it possible that while I work out. And that is my workout window meal. I have, I will have the chicken rice, pre workout probably about an hour, an hour and a half before I work out. I'll slip on the intro while I work out, rinse the meat after the workout. And that's it for the day. That's a medium carb day with Justin Harris and Traponum nutrition.