So professional bodybuilder George Peer some past away yesterday. I caused this other death haven't been revealed yet. I really debated whether or not the post this. I don't want to disrespect anybody, but I feel like this is kind of important and needs to be said. And I want to talk about the dangers of bodybuilding and the risk associated with bodybuilding. And it seems like there's just a ton of fucking critics out there and trolls like always attack bodybuilding and the sport when someone passes or has some sort of health issue. I think most people would get into it, know the risk. There's a lot of better information now than there was 20 years ago. One of the things I'm hoping to do with my YouTube channel is help people mitigate risk if they get into things. But just overall living your life to the fullest is a dangerous endeavor. It is. You know what's safe? Sitting at home and doing fucking nothing with yourself. That's safe. That's not a life I want to live. And it's not a life that I think people that get into the sport about anybody want to live. I want to die early. Nobody wants to die before their time. And we should take precautions to minimize risk. But living your life to the fullest is risky. Think about it. A young kid has a passion for being in the military and doing some military. Join. Being in the military is dangerous. Writing fucking motorcycles dangerous. Playing football is dangerous. Climbing around every is dangerous. Raising a car around a track at 200 miles per hour is dangerous. Anything in life that's worth pursuing has dangerous and risk associated with it. And I think people need to stop being so damn cripple about it builders because of the, you know, people die. And I'm not saying that should be irresponsible. But living in life is dangerous. It is it just is. And we, you know, I know personally, I've had some healthy shoes over the years. I have that cancer. A lot of people will know that. I, you know, went through a pretty long battle with wine disease and autoimmune issues. And, you know, you never know when it's your time. And, you know, you know, that's why you have to make the most of it while you're here. I, I just, you know, Life is risky. A life worth living carries risk. And that's just the way it is. It's, we, if you want to live a life to fullest, you have to take some risk some time. And, you know, I'm sure George knew the risk associated with bodybuilding. It maybe it wasn't, or something related to bodybuilding that causes death. Probably was, you know, let's be honest with ourselves. But I'm sure he knew the risk. He knew the chance he was taking. And I'm sure he enjoyed what he did every day. Love his life from everything I've heard about the guy. He was a very kind, compassionate guy. Very, very motivating loved what he did. And to me, that's more important. Loving your life, living your life to the fullest is more important than living a long life that has nothing in it. Have a great day.