Okay, so today we're going to take a look at Halo Test and Fluoxy Mesterone. Well, if I said that correctly. Anyway, Halo is a pretty powerful and hydrogen is used in typically in contest prep or for peaking for power, lifting competitions. But it's strong as fuck. We'll take a look at it. So let's dig in. Properties of Halo. It is a structurally altered form of test-osterone. It's actually very similar to methyl test, which is pretty nasty. How it's different from testosterone. It has an added fluorogrup at the carbon-9 in 3. It's a beta hydroxyl group at the carbon-11. This makes it not a romanticizable, which is pretty cool. It's actually a testosterone derivative that doesn't romanticize. It gives it a very strong, androgenic action in a moderate to weak antibiotic action. It also has the modification at the 17th carbon ring by adding a methyl group. And with that means it's a C-17AA methylated oral steroid, which makes it liver toxic and administered orally. So let's trade off and get cooked liver, but you can take a pill. It is a significantly more potent hydrogen than tests. It has an endogenic rating of 850. So on paper, it's 8 times more endogenic than tests. An endabolic rating of 1900, which is deceiving. It practically has a very weak antibiotic action. But it was to don't let that endabolic rating for you. Originally, the clinical use for it was, it was used in both men and women, which is insane that they use this in women as a potent of an endogen as it is. It probably would turn women into men overnight. It was used for bone and burn healing. Muscle wasting diseases, countering cortisol, induced muscle wasting. It was also used to increase endogen levels, and as an anti-breast cancer medication, it took a lot better things, can't long. In fact, it does a lot of shit. Creacus protein, since synthesis like other steroids, increased nitrogen and retention. Increases bone density, which is pretty cool. Reduce is glucocorticoids, so really good for reducing cortisol. Increase strength. Your strength will go through the roof of the shit. Increased definition. Moderate sizing creases. Not a good size builder. And reduces breast tissue. Which explains why it was used for breast cancer medication. It is very liver toxic. Like other C-17A orals, liver enzymes, rose on a test cases on a 20-millogram dose for just two weeks. People had elevated it, liver enzymes, and that short period of time. It has an extremely strong negative effect on the lipids. So it's going to fuck your cholesterol all up. Elvated red blood cell and a matacrit. This always affects people differently. I've said them out of their videos. I don't seem to get the super high hematicrit. Like some people do. Stuff other people who do shit gets through the roof. I don't have the same issue, but everybody's different. Pretty strong risk of energetic side effects. Body hair growth. Ball this. B-p-h. Your prostate is going to blow up. If you stay on the fatigue long. Act me. Supposedly it makes people super aggressive. I'm like crazy fucking aggressive. More so than just about any other steroid. And mescalization, which is fantastic for your ladies, don't take it. Unless you want to be a dude, that's your choice. And it's a press' natural test production. Applications for a halo. I mean, really the only thing I can ever see it being used for. Picking for a bodybuilding show or peaking for a powerlifting. You know, for bodybuilding show, it's fantastic for peaking because it inhibits cortisol. You know, we're in a super stressed state at the intercontest prep. And cortisol is muscle wasting. So this will prevent muscle wasting by inhibiting cortisol production. Heart and body up. Keep strength up. You know, when you're getting weaker, prevents muscle wasting. When you're in a state where you're going to lose muscle when you're dieting. Also great for peaking for powerlifting increases in aggression. And it gives pretty significant, you know, being as potent and engaging as, you know, some pretty crazy strength increases. Half life, it has a nine hour half life, so it's pretty short. You're going to need a dose at least twice a day. Cycles and doses begin to dose 10 to 20 milligrams. Intermediate dose 20 to 40 advanced dose 50 plus per day. I would never go over 50. That's just my two cents. Unless you want to fry your liver. Cycle length. I mean, for me personally, I would not take it for more than a couple weeks. Peaking into a competition. The brologic rule of thumb is six weeks max. I can't imagine running for six weeks, but two weeks would be the most. I would, you know, I would run it in more than two weeks has been shown. Have serious elevations and liver enzymes. And if you're combining it with other orals on contest prep or peaking for a parallel-lifting competition, you got to be careful. My thoughts I've never personally used it. You know, it's pretty harsh. If you have a temper. Stay away from it. You're probably going to piss some people off. Call the divorce break up either girlfriend. I've heard horror stories of dudes absolutely lose and they're shit when they're taking Halo. You know, just being total jerks and when they're normally not. Just keep that in mind. I think Royad Rage for the most part is just an urban myth, but it doesn't seem to be the case with Halo. Halo makes people lose their minds. It'd be very, very, very cautious when stacking it with other orals. Also, I wouldn't take it for one or the two or three weeks. And I mentioned I would also use some liver. If I can talk liver health supplements to keep your liver and good shape. If you're, you know, if you're, you're peaky for a contest. It's probably a good idea to be on some liver health supplements anyway because you're stressin' your liver out. I would take some NAC, Tucka, and Milk, vessel. Help keep your liver healthy. Thank you for watching my video. Please like the video and subscribe to my channel. I have a lot of people watching and I lot of people subscribing. Feel free to ask questions in the comments section. If you have them, if there are other videos you want me to make, let me know and follow me on Instagram at Paul K Barnett. Thank you and have a great day.