So I'm assuming you've watched my calculating your BMR video. So I'm going to go into a little bit of just high-level detail of how to build a body-building diet. Keep in mind, this was just a real basic diet. Just an example of how you build out your own diet to achieve your own goals. You don't necessarily need a coach to put a diet together. A coach is going to be good to hold you accountable. I personally use a coach just because when you're in a contest prep, you just don't think straight. A lot of times you don't think straight or objectively about yourself. It's very difficult to be objective about yourself. A coach is helpful in that aspect. But some people are disciplined enough to be objective about themselves and can do it on their own. When you're on this, it's just kind of a basic high-level view of how to build your own body-building diet. Let's take a look further. I've already did a video on this, but I'm just going to give you a high-level look and establishing your metabolic rate. I have a formula that I use, or other formulas out there, where I calculate your base metabolic rate on a formula that considers your body fat percentage, your lean body mass, your body weight, and your activity level to come up with a, to come up with a base metabolic rate. This is an example of where I'm at right now. Let's just say I'm somewhere around 250 pounds. I really have no idea what my body fat is. I'm just going to guess somewhere in the 10 to 12 percent range after coming rebounding from the show. This gives me a base metabolic rate without activity of 2640 calories per day. I can tell you if I eat 2640 calories a day, I'd be losing shit tons of weight. Obviously there's more calories burned somewhere else, which is in the activity. I use a formula for that, which is the lean body mass by an activity intensity factor times the hours of activity per day that I am engaged in. This gives me a total metabolic rate of 367, which is pretty close to what my break even is. I can tell you, if I get below 3,200, I start losing weight. It's just the way it is with me. It may even be a little bit higher. It may be around 3500 as start losing weight. Watch the full how to calculate your BMR video if you want all the details on it. Once we have that established, we can start building our diet. First things first, we need to, after we do that, we need to calculate our macros. Protein studies have shown that really all you need to recover from working out is 0.8.75 grams of protein per pound of body weight. Bodybuilders have this obsession with eating too much protein. If you're going to gain 20 pounds of muscle a year, you're only synthesizing about 25 grams of protein per day. You don't need to eat 400 grams of protein. It's more important to have consistent protein throughout the day. So studies have shown that 0.75 grams of protein per pound of body weight is ample to fuel to recover from workouts. Let's just say that you're enhanced. You're training super hard and we want to be safe. There is more protein metabolism when you're enhanced. We can take that up to 1 to 1 and a quarter grams of protein. Remember protein is used primarily as for tissue repair. We want to build our diet so that the protein is prioritized for tissue repair. And secondly, it can be used as fuel through a process called gluconeogenesis. If you're carbs and fats are low enough, your body will start prioritizing protein for fuel and converting that into blood sugar. Your fats, you know, somewhere between 0 to 0.3 pounds per body weight, you do need some fats in your diet to be used in various chemical processes such as absorption of fats, loable proteins, manufacturing of hormones, et cetera. And your body will burn fats, I can barely as fuel as well. You don't need as much fat as you think and your fats should come from essential fatty acids. You know, you need really just minimal amounts of fats. Americans vastly overeat fats. We eat way too many fats. It's part of it is just fats taste good. There's this recent obsession with keto diets. But somehow people think fats are healthier than carbs which is not true. They're just a tool and you're tool about. And so really, you know, you can get a short period of time for a day or two. You can get away with almost zero fat. But you want somewhere in the 0.3 grams per pound, a body weight, in essential fats to maintain health. Carbs typically whatever calories are left over after you calculate out those macros. You put it into the carb column. Carbs are only used as fuel. There are no essential carbs. Your body has to have protein. There are essential amino acids. You will eventually die if you don't eat. Your body will just eat itself. Same thing with fats. You'll eventually die if you can say your body can't absorb the nutrients it needs and complete chemical processes and manufacture hormones. So you will eventually die if you do not eat fats. You will not die if you don't eat carbs. Keep this in mind. Carbs are the body's preferred fuel source for weight lifting. So if you want to optimize and this is what we're doing here. This diet is to optimize performance in bodybuilding or strength training. And fats are the preferred fuel source for strength training. So we carbs. We went carbs. Carbs are the preferred fuel source. Keep that in mind. So an example of base diet we established for me. My base metabolic rate is 137. My weight is 250 pounds. This works out to be if I'm consuming one hundred one point two five grams of protein and propound a body weight three hundred and thirteen grams of protein per day. If I'm going to eat six meals a day, we'll just break it down into nice even numbers and say I need fifteen grams of protein per meal. Okay. Fat. I'm going with point two. So that's 50 grams of fat per day. I don't count the fats in my nutritionist doesn't count the fats that we get out of lean meats. If you're going to eat fatty or meats you should. In your carbs, there shouldn't have any fats in them. So we're going to go with 50 grams of added fats of essential fatty acids. Okay. Sorry, I didn't see. Excuse me. Right. So in the like I said, whatever is left over we go to carbs. That leaves us 450 grams of carbs. Now keep in mind, fat is 9 calories per gram. Protein and carbs are 4 calories per gram. So fat is packed a lot of punch in the diet. Adjusting the diet for goal. Okay. So once we, that's just the break even point. Okay. You know, that's the diet that we need for us for me not to gain or lose weight just to stay in neutral. Which is usually not what you want to do in bodybuilding. You're in bodybuilding. You're either in muscle gain mode or fat loss mode. Okay. So if you're in fat loss mode, you're going to need to create a deficit. So thermodynamics rule here, you know, calories and calories out. We have to create a caloric deficit to burn and lose fat. Now, this can be done in multiple ways. We can just cut calories from the diet that's the most direct way to do it. You can also do more exercise. You can do cardio. You can do you take things that raise your metabolism such as fat burners. You can use hormones to enhance your metabolism. Increase your, your non exercise. Our non exercise activity thermogenesis, you know, so just moving around the house, not, you know, walking the work, like that. And keep in mind the 3500 calories is one pound of fat. So you have to burn 3500 calories from somewhere to lose one pound of fat. So this would give us if we wanted to go over losing one pound of fat per week, we need a 500 calorie deficit. Typically, I would start with a 10 to 15% reduction in calories. So let's say to start off with a diet, we want to throw our fat loss diet for me. We will make a roughly a 300 calorie cut. And then make up, you don't say if I wanted to lose a pound of fat per week, we would make up the rest of it from, you know, cardio or fat burners is something like that. If I'm looking for hypertrophy, weight gain, unfortunately, there's this, you know, people think there's this, you can gain, boom, coups of muscle by being isocloric. It just doesn't work that way. Maybe I would have put a little bit on if you're using drugs, but not much. If you want to optimize and this is what this, this would bodybuilding is about, is optimizing performance, you're going to have to be in a caloric surplus to gain muscle. Now you want to walk the line of gaining too much fat and gaining muscle. You are going to gain some fat if you're going to gain muscle. That is just the tradeoff that you have, but you want to minimize that, the amount of fat that you do gain when you're gaining muscle. Same thing in this direction too. Start with small increases. So probably a 10% increase if you're looking to gain muscle. So maybe 300 calories, you know, and see where that, see how that works out. Usually we add calories in the form of carbs, typically carbs, and what we push up. If you want to maintain, we just leave the calories in neutral. But I, for bodybuilding and lessure or on crews, or just taking a break for a little while, I don't see any point in being icicloric that much. You're either in fact gain motor fat loss mode. Maybe if you're taking a break for a few weeks and letting your body heal up, you want to be icicloric. But to me, people keep, we will wobble and then go on back and forth between both. You know, there is a time to cut fat. There is a time to put on size. And I, you know, commit to one or commit to the other. Don't don't waffle back and forth. You're going to get better results. Like I said, this is about optimization. Playing with your macros. Now here's the thing you can do. If you want to optimize body composition, you can manipulate your macros to do so. Okay, you can consume the same amount of calories. And you can adjust your carbs, fats, protein. Protein usually stays static. But, you know, so for example, with carbs, I think, which is what I do on the high carb day, we pull protein down because carbohydrates, high carbohydrate state where your high insulin levels, you are. That is a muscle protective state. So, you know, you don't need a ton of protein. You can cut the protein back and put more calories into carbohydrates. If you really want to optimize fat burning, you can cut carbs pretty low. You can go low carb. You know, you can go down to zero carb if you really want to optimize fat burning. If you're in a fat burning state, not optimal for muscle gain, but optimal for fat burning. That's why you have to choose which state you want to be in. You know, with the carbs cycling diet, which is what I'm using currently, you're rotating the carbs up and down and adjusting calories that way as well. For a high-perrophy, you do have to meet the minimum protein requirements. You don't want to go below that 0.75.8 grams per pound of body weight. Probably 0.1 or 1.1 grams is ideal. Other macros can be adjusted played with to optimize body composition. So your food choices proteins for body builders. I hate to break it to you. Vigins and vegetarians, you just, you can, I don't, I'm going to be careful here because I know people get pissy about this, but you can do body building if you are a vegan or vegetarian, but it is not optimal. This is about optimization. The optimal protein for building muscle is animal protein. Animal protein is the only protein source that has all the amino acids in a complete chain. Necessary for building muscle with a vegetarian diet, you have to mix and match protein sources. We also want to keep these protein sources low in fat. So you don't want to be eaten rib eyes all day long. You're going to have so much fat in your diet than the majority of your calories are going to come from fat. Remember, fat is 9 calories per gram and it doesn't take much fat to eat up all your calories. If I recall correctly, I think a tablespoon of fucking peanut butter has something like 12 grams of fat in it and that's like a cup of rice almost. It's like a cup of rice is way more filling than a tablespoon of peanut butter. Fat are the fats that we want to eat. Sorry, going back to the protein. So if fat proteins would be 96% lean ground beef, I use that. It's hard to find. Whatever reason, if I can warm our hands in a ball place, and it's actually pretty good. Chicken breasts, you want the chicken breast without the rib meat if you can. If they have the rib meat on it, just cut it off, fill it yourself. White fish, egg whites. I have pretty much stay away from pork process meats. You don't want garbage process meats. It's also just bullshit like that. Protein powders you can use sparingly. The problem with protein powders is way protein is in and out of your system so quickly. That it's, you know, you'd have to eat it every hour to maintain positive nitrogen balance. It also fluctuates stomach up. I just like, even if you get like the pure way isolate, it's, I can only tolerate limited amounts of it. And there otherwise I'm farting and shit in my pants. Real protein just, for me, my body tolerates chicken breasts, cod and lean ground beef the best. That's pretty much all I eat. Fat, you want your fats not to be the saturated variety. Keep those. You're going to get enough of that from your, you need very minimal. Mount the saturated fats and you're going to get what you need from the meats that you eat. So your added fats should be from EFA's only nuts, nut butter, nut oils, olive oil, avocado, special oil. Things like that that your body needs for a central process is going to keep you healthy. Also, I'll help with your lipids. Keep your lipids in check. Carbs for fat loss in for masking or two different things for fat loss. You know, my car, I'm so much as I want stuff that's going to keep me feeling full. Okay, because if you feel full, you're less likely to cheat and fuck up when you're diet. So things like brown rice, whole grain rice, oats, potatoes are pretty filling. Sometimes, you know, I can use those in both ends, whether I'm, you know, things that are more filling are better on one fat loss. hypertrophy, you're going to be trying to jam down a shit ton of food. I like white rice. I don't use pasta, gluten, fucks me up, but if you can tolerate pasta fine, you can have some of that fruits, fruit juices, potatoes, potatoes are pretty filling there too. But most of my carbs, if I'm trying to optimize digestion and put size on, I use white rice, cream or rice, that's pretty much it for me. Vegetables, stick with fiber, it's vegetables, not, not, not starchy vegetables. For hypertrophy, you may want to cut the vegetables down or just cut them out completely. You might not be able to get down all the food you need to get down. Remember, this is not about health. I know that people are going to scream out of me, well, that's not healthy not to eat vegetables. Yeah, I know. I know, there's nothing really potty building that's that fucking healthy. It's healthy and then sitting on your ass and drinking beer and smoking cigarettes and you eat pizza all day long, but we're talking about sport performance, not optimizing longevity. If we were optimizing longevity, we wouldn't be eating 500 grams of carbs every day in six meals and we'd probably would be eating a very low calorie diet. I, hypertrophy, I stick with the things that make digestion easiest. If I'm burping, farting, getting a heartburn, you know, get diarrhea, get conspaded, whatever. I know something's fucked up with my diet and I need to change things up. I found just the basics sticking with easy to digest, white rice, chicken breast, cod. I eat at the beyond. I'll be very honest with you when I am in a hypertrophy phase. I eat very little vegetables because they fuck my digestion up and make my stomach upset. Especially if I'm trying to jam down six meals of crap ton of rice, it just slows the digestion out and makes me feel miserable. I'll use a greens powder, something like that so I get what I need, but I don't eat a lot of vegetables when I'm in a hypertrophy phase. When I'm dieting, I eat tons of vegetables. I do eat some fruits. I like fruit when I'm in a hypertrophy phase. I don't need a ton of it, but I'll have apples or just grapes, things like that. Okay, thank you for watching. I'm going to do more of these videos. If you have anything you want me to make, let me know. I'm happy to record whatever you want. Please like and subscribe. I get to see a ton of people watching my channel, but they're not subscribing. YouTube loves it when you subscribe. If you don't subscribe, it doesn't help me out if you want to help me. You want me to make more videos, please help me out. And also follow me on Instagram for more information. My Instagram handle is Paul K. Barnett. Thank you.