Warning, this content is for entertainment and educational purposes only. What's up, Jim Bros. it's big Paul here with another anabolic Q&A. This is where I answer all your questions about training, nutrition, and responsible performance enhancement while improving your results and keeping you safe from the stupid stuff You're a great student, and you're a great student. Today I've got some great questions lined up from my school and anabolic bodybuilding members community here just a few of the questions. How much muscle can you actually gain from a 20 week cycle on actually hanging onto it? For older bodybuilders, training to failure on the stake, how important is meal timing? Does it really matter that much as long as you hit your macros? We have these questions in many more. We'll dig into all of them in just one second. Before we get started, if you can just take one second, my friends and hit that like button and subscribe to my channel. I get a lot of people watching. Not that many people subscribing. Alright, first question I got here is from Rob C. Rob asked, how much muscle should an average gym bro expect to put on in a 20 week off season cycle? I am currently 210 pounds and just began my bulk, hoping to finish around 240 by March and still looking solid. How much of that 30 pounds should I expect to keep as muscle if my diet and training and sleep are all on point realistically? Alright, so lots of unpack here. And I hate putting numbers on this stuff because the scale doesn't always tell the truth. I think some of my best off seasons that I've had where I've come back and proved when I stepped on the stage, the scale didn't change at all. I did have that one year where I put on just a crazy amount of weight. Once in a lifetime that took that big jump forward. But when I went from my first national show, masters USAs and did master's nationals that year later, I literally didn't get more than 10, 15 pounds over my previous stage weight. Yet I came in 10 pounds heavier at the next show. So clearly there was a redistribution of body composition between those shows. So I don't get too hung up on the scale weight. What we know there are sometimes in your weight lifting journey, in your bodybuilding journey where you're going to make these huge leaps forward, it seems. The first year you're lifting weights, usually you're going to see big progress, basically just go in the jump, move some shit around. You're going to grow. You're going to gain weight. You're going to put on muscle. And then things sort of stagnate after that. Then guys hit the next phase where they start realizing the diet matters and they clean up the diet. And then they have another leap forward. Well, I don't even get that first. Usually, at least what I've seen is due to the side, well I'm going to hop on PED so not making any progress there. Without PED so they get on PEDs and then they make another jump forward. Then they try higher doses of PEDs and make a little bit more progress forward. What I found is that you have to get all three of these things wind up perfectly to make progress. You need to have your performance enhancement dialed in. You need to have your diet dialed in and your training needs to be such that it's progressive, stimulates mechanical tension and keeps you from a provides enough frequency. And stimulus to keep you moving forward but not to get hurt. If we get all these things wind up perfectly, then we have a case for adding muscle. Now in the offseason, my goal with an offseason is not just to move the scale. I really do not care about the scale. It's an improved look. It's an improved body composition. We don't want to let things get too out of whack. The more fat that you gain and then offseason the harder your contest prep is going to be when you do go into a cutting phase or even if you're just a regular gem bro who just wants to get in shape in the summer. The more fat you put on chasing muscle, the more you're going to have to press things when you go into a cut phase. And if you are in a situation where you have 30, 40 pounds of fat, you need to lose to get in a decent body composition. There's a high probability that you're going to lose muscle tissue. Even if you gain some extra muscle by putting on an extra weight. Now we can go back and look at examples of world class body builders and what they've done in the offseason. You can take a look at, you know, guys like Dorian Yates, you can take a look for an older body builder for somebody more modern. You can take a look at Nick Walker. Obviously, I like to use Nick Walker as the example. Something like over a 10 year period of time, he put on close to a hundred pounds of stage weight. Now that is a best case scenario. Nick has an exceptional work ethic. We know that Nick has genetics to grow muscle. You know, I don't know what his protocols look like specifically, but I'm assuming that he stays healthy and has an ability to respond to the PDs and stay healthy. And you know, everything is lined up perfectly for that dude and he's average something like eight to ten pounds a year. Something like that. Now it's not linear. We know earlier on in your journey, you're going to have, you're going to have more progress. You know, I would say, you know, look at any, if you can put on a, you know, 15, 10 to 15 pounds of true stage weight in a year. And if you can do that for five years straight, you're going to be a pro body builder. And if you're, you're going to be the biggest dude in your journey. You know, if you put on 50 pounds of true stage weight in a five year period of time, you're going to be the biggest motherfucker around. And I know a lot of times guys get disappointed when I hear them say, you know, realistically, I mean, for the average dude, let's just say middle of the road. You know, five to ten pounds of muscle, legitimately, after it's all said and done over a 16 to 20 week off season. It's probably what you can expect is going to happen. And then, and that doesn't always happen to either, but you know, let's just say that that's the case. The guys get really disappointed. They get upset. They get discouraged. But think about what five to ten pounds of steak looks like in a shopping cart. That is a lot of lean tissue that you've added to your body. And even if you did five pounds per year of added that stage weight true muscle tissue over a five year period of a time. That's a 25 pound jump. If you're a 200 pound body butter with say, you know, that's probably wouldn't average a Dalton male is or hundred and ninety eight pounds. If you put on 25 to 30 pounds over a five year period of time, you're going to go from being a light heavy weight to being super. And if you're competitive in a super heavy weight in in the NPC, you're likely going to be knocking on the door for a card more than likely. You know, those are the guys that are winning pro cards. I mean, I think about, you know, there's guys on the pro stage. I don't know how much Martin fits waterways, but I don't think he's an exceptionally large guy. He just has great conditioning. I don't, you know, I was assuming he was a super heavy. I don't know who's weight off the top. I only had Heidi Chupin. It's not an exceptionally large guy. There's, but there's a lot of muscle on that frame. So don't get hyper focused on the scale. Try to gain muscle in the offseason. Really, the goal should be is to put on as much muscle as we possibly could. Minimize fact gain as much as we possibly can. So that way when we do go into a cut phase, we can minimize muscle loss because Well, let's say not a fact that we have to lose the less risk that we have of losing actual muscle tissue protein structures when we're died in. Because if we have 40, 50 pounds of fat that we need to knock off, you're going to have to go on a pretty steep, caloric deficit and do a shit ton of cardio. And it's really hard to hang on the muscle doing that even with PEDs. If you only have to lose 10, 15 pounds on a contest prep over a 16 week contest prep, we're talking about a pound a week. That is a 500 calorie day net and negative energy balance that we need to be into to accomplish that. That is a much more sustainable and easy approach. You're going to be able to eat more food, do less cardio and thus hang on to more muscle and probably have a better look on stage. I would say also make sure that you're nice and lean first when you start off. The leaner you are the more runway you're going to have to put on body fat. But you know, long story short, what we can expect, we know we know what the best case scenarios are. Best case scenarios that we, you know that we we have seen 15, 20 pounds of stage weight in a year. And that's like a once in a lifetime kind of thing. And that's to very select individuals that just everything aligned. I would say, you know, more realistic probably for an average of Jim bro. Five, maybe 10 pounds a year of real tissue at it to your frame for a competitive bodybuilder is what I would consider to be. Part of some of it has to do with age. The younger you are probably the more you're going to be able to gain us older guys. You know, shit sometimes if we can put on two, three, four pounds in a year that that's a win. Anyway, don't get discouraged. Stay patient. Bodybuilding is a long game. You have to commit to this over a long period of time. You're not going to make your physique into a championship physique in one off season. But it's steps towards it. I would say most of these people if you look at the top performers. We're grinding away for eight to ten years before they turn pro. It takes time. Anyway, hopefully this is helpful, man. Look. All right, next question I've got here is from Joshua H. Joshua. Ask. I'm seeing testosterone products with and without F. Oliate. What is the, and why would someone want to avoid it? I've heard other influencers say you should avoid it. Yeah, F. Oliate is sort of the PED users. Buggie man. There are certainly some people. Let's say it's a small percentage of people that seem to have an immune response to it. I have seen some dudes have high, sea reactive protein. Immune markers go crazy. Some guys seem to have an allergic reaction to F. Oliate. F. Oliate is a synthetically derived oil slash care. It's very smooth. It's very thin. UGL's use it because it is something that they can, you know, one they remove steps in the brewery process from what I understand. Not an expert on this shit. And it allows them to make higher concentration PED. So like when you see like these 500 milligrams testosterone. And 500 milligrams testosterone. Suspensions and and heard text testosterone mixes. You see these 500 milligrams 400 milligrams echo poison mixes. There's high probability that they're using F. Oliate. The F. Oliate, it's all as a combination of ethanol and a fatty ester chain that is derived from olive oil. Oliate acid. It's synthetically made and it's not something that we, it's naturally occurring in nature obviously. But some people do seem to have an immune response to it. It got really popular in early 2000s. I remember a lot of the UGLs and I don't know, 2005 or so we were using it and it was like all the bro's loved it because it was really thin. And you can make these super high concentration PEDs. A lot of guys end up getting PIP from it. I've heard, I don't know if this is true, that speculation that the high concentrations of gear that are mixed with it actually crash with your injected in you and crystallize in the muscle. And that's why you end up with all this pain from these high concentrations that people get with the F. Oliate. It does seem to cause immune response in some people. Great seed oil and MCTs seem to be the preferred carrier oils for PEDs. And if you look at most pharmaceutical grade PEDs, you know, test of iron and all the barred products. I don't think they make the rim of all and anywhere they've discontinued those, but they were all in grapes seed oil from what I recall. Most UGLs now are using MCT. MCT seems to be the preferred one. It's smooth. It's been a bit of stress easily, drowsy easily. So MCT is probably the go to for most people, but if you were worried about PIP, if you're worried about allergic reactions, I would generally avoid F. Oliate. I've used it in the past. It has a very distinct smell to it. You'll know when they use it. I don't know how to describe how it smells. It smells almost like traumatic or something. It has a very strong chemical smell. So you'll know when guys, I think sometimes these UGLs lie about it. I also speculate that they use it to keep gear from crashing when they mail it in various temperatures and also use it to make these high potency PEDs. I would stay away from it. I've seen a lot of guys have problems with it. I don't think it's a good choice. Personally, why take the risk? Use the lower concentration stuff and be safer and reduce your risk as far as having an allergic reaction or crash gear or an abscess or any other problems. When I see these 500 milligrams testosterone or aqua-voice per ML solutions, I scratch my head. You're just asking for a problem for any of those. I would just steer away from it as my two cents. My man Joshua P asked, what date should I bulk start to be in peak condition for the Arnold? With a debolfe, I'm probably now. Usually you look at the end of about 16 to 20 weeks of pushing and it starts to fall apart. I'm not exactly sure how far we are from the Arnold. I don't think it's about 16 weeks from the Arnold. Right now, I'm out this correctly. It's the first week in a march. I would do my push now. I would probably cut personally. But it depends on if you want to look good and be sure if you want to look good. Based on what your program is, but it's funny. I see a lot of dudes that are prepping for these shows. One of the fun things about going to these big body building shows with the expos as you see all sorts of dudes walking through the crowd, showing off their physique. I'm guilty of it. I like to just offer a little bit when I go to these things. I like to make sure that I'm in optimal condition. If I'm not a moron or a sweatshirt. But anyway, yeah, I would probably start now. I like to run orals at the end of cycles. I know most people have the opposite approach. I'm talking about front-loading. I don't know why you would do that. I'm going to do that. Still building up and you're going to respond to the lower doses anyway. So if you were to run some tea ball, nothing that's what you should do. But I would put it in the last three to four weeks. So you're maxed out when you get to the Arnold and you're looking saucy. All right. Next question I got up here is from Nathan Why. Supporting question. Nathan asked some coaches like Patrick to her impossibly curt havens run lower protein and higher carbs, similar to what Mike Mincer did back in the day. Depending on the athlete, natural versus enhanced digestion and protein powder tolerance. Do you see lower protein intake as low as 1.6 grams per kilogram, becoming more common in the future? I mean, I think a lot of people are eating way less protein than they did 20 years ago. You know, the late 90s early 2000s. It was the two grams per pound of body weight. You know, a pro-chemic. And since what guys just, that was just whatever everybody did. I remember trying to slam down 600 grams of protein, 500 grams of protein. And my stomach was constantly bleeding and I was drinking a shit ton of protein powder. I was always farting and had indigestion and all sorts of stomach problems. And I just thought I had to jam this food down and just suck it up and deal with all these things. And I think that's why a lot of bodybuilders end up with gut issues over time. Distended bellies. It's from pushing the food specifically protein. Very hard. It's not to say that you don't need protein. There's one non-negotiable in all bodybuilding diets. And you know, what you can argue whether you want to run low fat or high fat or high carb or low carb. But everybody runs higher protein. You know, and you know, look. If we're talking about it, even the three quarters of a gram per pound of body weight, I'm a 250 pound bodybuilder. If I went three quarters of a gram, which studies show sort of like the bare minimum for athletes. I mean, we're still talking about 200 grams of protein. The average of American needs something less than 100 grams of protein per day. So I'm still double with the average American intake, as even on the lower end for the bodybuilding scale. Our view of what is necessary for proteins got very skewed. Now, with that said, protein is sort of a free pass the way I look at it. I look, we probably most of us are probably overeating protein for the most part. We probably eat too much of it. But proteins, one of those things, I would air on the side of going a little too high, then a little too low. There's really no downside to eating extra protein like there would be safe for eating extra fat. We're eating way too many carbs. Those can have potential downsides. There's really no potential downsides from eating extra protein. If you look at the metabolic pathways on how protein is metabolized, it's, you know, there's really very minimal chance of any excess protein being converted to fat. The majority of it, once it's broken down by the body, the majority of it is converted to Euroc acid and you just just pee it out. Once the nitrogen is stripped off and then you're left with these carbon skeletons, ketones, et cetera. And then it can be converted to glucose, the gluconeogenesis and potentially stored as fat. There's so many, so many steps that have to be taken before it actually gets stored as body. You can look at, I mean, this is why high protein, you know, these protein-sparing modified fast work, you know, high protein diets with low fat, low carbohydrates. You can basically eat all the protein you want and lose until it's fat because it's pretty much damn near impossible for your body to convert protein into fat. I mean, I guess if you're eating that, but there's also the satiety factor of eating a ton of protein. I mean, you get to a point where there's only so much chicken you can eat before you tap out, at least with most people unless you're eating super high fat. Proteins in and those are more palatable, but it's not really the protein that's making your fat at that point. It's all the extra fat you're getting for meeting rib eyes and chicken wings and shit like that. But if you're eating a bunch of lean protein, the risk of gaining body fat from eating lean proteins probably close to zero. So protein is a bit of a free pass. If you look back in the old school days of bodybuilding, guys used to diet on high protein, low fat, low carbs. And they would use vegetables. They would get some fiber in there and basically protein-sparing modified fast and just absolutely shredded. Your body will actually make glucose from the protein, the excess protein is needed. You'll see it when guys eat too much protein on blood work blood, urea, nitrogen will get high. Everybody that eats a higher protein diet in zone PDs does have some elevation to be human on their blood work. I mean, that's just from the excess protein, but the majority of it's probably just getting pissed out. There's also the thermic effect of protein. The protein metabolism is something like 20 to 30% of it's actually lost. Of the calories are actually lost in conversion. So protein really is a free pass. Now with that said, here's my take on it. However, hydrates are protein-sparing because your body, if it has glucose present, will not convert those proteins through gluconeogenesis and to glucose to meat. It's glucose needs. Even if your RN ketosis, your body still needs some glucose for basic metabolic functions, brain kidneys, things like that. So your body is still going to convert some of that protein into ketosis and it, or, sorry, into glucose. And really the only true way you get into hard ketosis would be to eat really low protein and predominantly fat. And nobody in the body building, world is doing that. So when guys say they want to keto diet, it's not really keto per se. They're eating a high protein high fat diet, which is a little different. And you know, there's still some of that protein that's going to be metabolized for glucose, for glucose demand. And ultimately, if we are eating low carbs, we're probably going to need more protein just because a lot of protein is going to get converted to glucose. So why not cut out the middle man eat a little more carbs in your diet, keep the protein a little bit lower. You know, eating excess protein is really just eating very expensive carbohydrates of your body. Just going to, you're going to end up pissing out that you're real and converting the rest through glucose and your gymses into carbohydrates. You're just eating really expensive carbohydrates. So just eat a fucking potato instead and say yourself 20 dollars on the state. You know, that's the way I look at it's carbohydrates of protein, So if we're running a really low carbohydrate diet, we probably do need a little more protein if we're running a higher carbohydrate diet. We can keep the protein a bit lower. I cycle protein and carbs when my diets are running carbs, cycling diets. So on my low days, I'll keep the protein a bit higher. On my high carbohydrate days, I'll keep the protein lower because we don't need as much protein with all those carbohydrates present. Running the running a more moderate amount of protein. I usually eat somewhere between a gram to a gram and a quarter per pound myself personally. I find that to be more than adequate to meet my needs. If I were going to go very low carb, I probably would crank that up closer to 1.5. You know, that's sort of my approach, but I find that digestion is better when we keep protein a little bit lower. I keep some carbohydrates in, keep some fiber on. Digestion seems to be better. We don't have the gut extension in the gut issues and another corner of our bros are going to be upset with that one, but that's just what I've seen. Ultimately, you know, you really, you have some knob you can turn. If you're not going to eat, carbohydrates you're probably are going to need more protein. If you're going to eat carbohydrates, you probably need less protein. And so these are just the knobs that we can turn. And I would say the pragmatic way to look at it is eat what meets your energy demands, carbohydrates are just essentially energy at the end of the day. And protein is sort of the Swiss army knife. It can be converted into glucose as needed and it can be also used for muscle protein synthesis and replenish the amino acid pool, internal, all of these other essential processes in the body protein is the core of any diet. And we can debate how much protein we need, but likely most of us are overeating protein. Is it hurting anything? Probably not. Peter H asked, do you train normally after a night of little to no sleep due to insomnia or stress? Or is it more beneficial to take an extra day off? Well, Peter, I'm the wrong person to ask about this. I'm a fucking dunderhead. I love being in the gym. You know, when I'm rolling, I'm in the gym seven days a week. Doesn't matter how much I sleep. I haven't saw any. I would say a lot of it depends on your food intake. If you're in a caloric deficit, you have to be very, very, very, very cautious about digging yourself into a fatigue hole. Extremely cautious. The only time that I've ever been truly overtrained were my central nervous system. Just completely gave up and was fried. Was when I was on a contest prep deep into a contest prep. I wasn't sleeping because I was probably over using stimulates. My sleep fucking sucked. Sleeping at three or four hours a night and I just kept pushing my training and I ended up burying myself. I remember going into the gym one day. I normally warm up with like three plates on the leg press, two or three plates. Like that, just to get some movement going, I couldn't even move that. My legs just said no. They just didn't work. Way came crashing because my central nervous system was just completely fried. Now, if you have a bad night asleep, I would say just go into the gym, do a light workout. Ideally, we want to get sleep optimized. If you can figure out what's causing the lack of sleep, we do that. I've never been a big sleeper. I'm not saying the sleep isn't important, but I do think the people really, really, really overstate the whole sleep thing. I pretty much slept five to six hours a night. My entire adult life. I've been better with it lately. No, that I've been using a CPAP and I'm retired from a CEO job. I'm sleeping more like seven to eight hours, which I've never done in the last 30 years in a reason. Kids working a high stress executive job, bodybuilding. There just wasn't enough time in the day. Now that my stress levels are a little bit lower and I'm full time gym pro. I sleep much better now. It's surprising how that works. But I pretty much spent my entire adult life from the time I was in college up until just recently, the last year or so, sleeping five hours a night, six hours a night. I made a lot of progress in the gym. I'm not saying that that's optimal, but ideally, we do know for longevity and for your health and ability to recover that you probably should be sleeping more. I've seen plenty of dudes make great progress, only sleeping five or six hours a night. I would say as long as you're not feeling completely just to fright, I would get into the gym and get a workout done. If it's a half ass workout, I think it's good to be moving. That'll probably help you sleep. To go on and just get a workout done. But if you're completely fried, then stay out of the gym. Get some sleep. Alright, next question here is from William P. William asked, you often discuss a training smarter for athletes over 40 or 50, specifically you emphasize avoiding training to failure, instead of leaving instead leaving one to two reps in reserve. Can you explain this concept in more detail? I am 55 and I usually push every set of failure is that on wise. How do I know I'm working hard enough if not? How do I know if I'm working hard enough if I'm not going to failure? Look, I know pointy seems to be controversial on social media right now. But go to failure, reps and reserve, science, bro versus each other. The way I look at it, there are examples in professional bodybuilding. People that have done it both ways and had success and have grown quite a bit. Do we need to train to absolute failure to make progress? Probably not. But I would say this earlier on in your journey when you're in your 20s. I think it's important to train hard, train progressively. Find out where your limits are at, get all that out of your system. Get some strength on, go through all of that and then once you hit that intermediate to advanced level of bodybuilding we need to start being. More careful with things and consider injuries in injury risk as part of the equation. A lot of the surgeries in shit that I've had now, I think I've just was on my 10th surgery. I've been relatively injury free the last five years since I've trained. I've changed my training up. My shoulder was just more aware and tear injury over time. I actually think I've fucked it up and you can see it's gonna be honest with you. You know, that's a whole other, whole other question. But training to failure, you know, here's the thing. It can be safe, it can be done safely. A lot of it's relative. Look, let's think about this critically. Training to failure on a set of cable curls doesn't incur the same amount of fatigue risk. And, you know, just otherwise just, problems that you would have if you went to balls to the wall, want to set up 500 pounds on squats. If you went to a set of 500 pounds on squats in your 55 years old, you're doing force reps, you're doing weather makers, you're going all in. It's probably going to be extremely taxing to your central nervous system. Also, you know, we have to think about the knobs we have to turn here. Weight plays a role in it to exercise selection plays a role in it too. So the more weight that we're using and the bigger compound movement, it's probably carry more risk of injury for older lifters. When I had my shoulder surgery done, my surgeon told me he does he does rotator cups by sub tendons in pectares. It's like his thing that he does. And he said he said the majority. Almost all his pectares and shoulder injuries come from guys over 50 years. Over 50 or you know, late 40s, over 50. Doing barbell bench presses, doing dumbbell shoulder presses, heavy compound movements. He said he almost never sees guys, especially shoulder injuries. He's like I rarely ever see men come in with shoulder injuries that are that are not lifting heavy weights. It just doesn't happen. He said bodybuilders and weight lifters keep me in business. They bought my Porsche. That's what he told me. So take that with a grain of salt. That's a manic don't for you. But it does seem that these things carry higher risk as we get older. So that is something that you're going to have to personally evaluate yourself. Now what I have found is that you know, you can still make, this is the thing I think for people, a notion of people sort of failed to understand when it comes to the whole training to failure argument. We have a couple of knobs that we can turn when it comes to training. We have intensity, which intensity for me, the factors and intensity are the amount of weight that you're using. And the proximity to failure that you are in. Also the exercise selection. Look, going to failure on a fucking set of cable pearls is not intense at all. Going to failure on a, a 500 pound squat where you're at six reps in your fail and it's six reps is way more intense than going to failure on a 30 pound cable curl. So that's sort of the factor that I consider in intensity. So it's a very complex thing if we really want to unpack it and consider it carefully. So we have to evaluate this as older lifters. Here's the thing and I see this all the time with older bodybuilders. I see guys like, you know, hey, I tore my pack. Yeah, I did this. I did that. And I battle theory and I still made it through to my show and I'm like, well, maybe if you just dial things back a little bit. Maybe if you selected some better exercises, you might not have gotten hurt. And you maybe would have made better progress. I mean, there's a saying in the NFL, you can't make the club in the tub. It's the same thing in the bodybuilding. And bodybuilding. You can't make progress. If you beat up and hurt all the time, what's the point going to failure if you go to failure? You're fucked for six weeks and you have to reload or you have to take breaks. Wouldn't it be better to go 90% all the time than a hundred percent? 10% of the time? I don't know. I mean, that's sort of my take on it. And it was a real big adjustment for me mentally because I loved to train to failure. I absolutely fucking love to train to failure. I love going into gym. Lifting some heavy ass weights, going balls to the wall and testing my limits. It's a mental thing more than it is anything. And just found out, you know, when I hit like my early 40s, I just started getting hurt all the fucking time. I couldn't train. I do one week of that, salivating. And I need three weeks to recover from it. And what I found is if I dialed it back just a little bit, I didn't have to do anything crazy. Be more intelligent with my exercise selection. Be more intelligent with my proximity to failure. Be more intelligent with my loads. Increase the rep range, which is going to reduce risk. But this crazy thing happened and I started growing again. And I got hurt less. And so these are all things that we have to consider. And another thing too. You know, it's like I'm not saying that if you want to train a failure, train a failure, I don't have anything against it. I did it for a long time myself. I was a mystery. The smash the log book for 15 years. You know, I was a smash in the log book and then until a good inspection, more it smashed me. But think about this critically, it's really only bodybuilders that have this notion that they need to train to absolute failure, or either they're not going to make progress. Powerlifting is don't train a failure, almost ever. They never trained a failure. Very rarely, you know, they'll put together their mesocycle. It's all programmed out. They have ratios and percentages of lifts and then they work towards a maximum lift. But these guys are big. These guys are fucking stronger than bodybuilders. They're bad ass. And they don't train a failure. I don't know why that thought hasn't occurred to the bodybuilding community. But look, I get it. It's bad assery. I love bad assery. I love being tough. I love that mentality. And I think if you're a young person, go for it. And just go balls out. Find out where your limits are. Test your limits. Find out where those are at. Make as much progress as you can when you're in your 20s. Smash that log book progress. When you're an older lifter, you got to be more careful. You got to be more intelligent with your training. If you wanted to be sustainable, otherwise you're going to be getting orthopedic. You can pursue just a ton every couple months and you're just really not going to be in the gym. You're going to end up crippled. I can't tell you how many. Hobbled up 55 year old hardcore. Bodybuilders. I see at these. Exposing shows. I mean, you'll you. The guys that were the hardcore guys. And they're in their 20s and 30s. The guys that were going balls out on everything. And screaming and yelling, they're all bunch of fucking cripples when they pass 50. Go to anybody building. Expone see your old hero walking around and they're all fucking hobbled up. The guys that train a little more intelligently. I would give you the example of maybe Jay Cutler. I know Jay Cutler didn't. You know he was more of a volume guy. I just saw Jay this past weekend. Jay's in these 50s and Jay looks fucking fantastic. Dude, looks like he's 39. His spry is walking around. I mean, he's still big. He's still jack. He looks great. And then you see something his counterparts. They don't look so good. They're all beat up. They're all crippled. They're unhealthy. Jay looks healthy and spryed to me. That's the way. I'm going into my retirement age. So I would say be intelligent with your training. I'll ultimately do what you love. That's what this whole journey is about. But for me, I would be smarter with your training and consider those factors when making your program. All right. Next question here is from Stephen K. How important is meal timing throughout the day, including pre and post workout? I'm on the road working in advance. So generally combine all my race. I'm like chicken and my egg and the one container and eat whatever it can. Macros are always hits. Here's the thing with the meal timing thing. It probably makes small difference. It's, I don't know. It's hard to quantify and put a number on it. But I would say it's about a 5% difference. If you are going to be a high level competitive bodybuilder, that 5% difference over a 5 to 10 year period of time can add up into another 5. 10 or 15 pounds of muscle. If you're just a guy that's trying to look good, a guy that's just a gym bro, it probably doesn't matter a whole lot. Now there are some things that we have to consider when it comes to meal timing and getting meals down, you'll typically see bodybuilders eating 5 to 6 times a day. I think a lot of that just came down to just the sheer food volume. Not being able to hammer down the amount of food that you need to grow in 3 meals. If we look at it critically and think about the amino acid pool and muscle protein synthesis, we don't store amino acids like we do say body fat or glucose as glycogen words there for days and ready to go. You know, as a pool gets depleted quickly. So we need to replenish that every 3 to 5 hours depending on how fast the protein that we eat, digest. You could probably get away with 3 to 4 meals a day if you had to. I wouldn't say that's optimal. I've been doing it lately. I've been eating 3 times a day and I've seen him have held on to a good chunk of my size eating that way. I'm definitely not growing at this point, but I seem to have been able to mostly maintain eating that way. But if you want to optimize, I would say probably at least 4 to 5 meals per day. Now when it comes to the pre-entra and post workout window, there's some considerations that we have to make there. Group 4 translation is greatly increased when we're lifting weights. How we lift weights probably has an impact on it. I can't say this for sure, but there's an anecdotal evidence that we look at the guys that train with higher volume versus the guys that are more lower volume trainers. Need more carbohydrates around the workout window. And lifting weights, it seems especially with more volume seems to increase group 4 translation amount of time that we have that window open. So if you are a higher volume trainer, someone who trains with higher volume, you're likely going to need more carbohydrates around that workout window to take advantage of that increased group 4 transport. Even, you know, you're even seeing guys using insulin. I've always kind of felt like the dudes that are the high intensity low volume trainers pounding a bunch of carbohydrates around the workout and taking insulin. It probably is pointless to me. I'm not going to get much of an advantage from it. I'm doing a lower volume style training. You can probably just eat less of carbs and go about your day. Now the higher volume trainers, you can see guys like Mila Sarchev and even honey roundbot with his FST 7 program. Where he'll have guys do a PR set and then follow it up with 7 sets of 10. He does with the FST training program Mila Sarchev's giant sets and they stack in Perry workout nutrition as well along with insulin use and take advantage of that window where group 4 transport is increased. You're going to have increased glucose uptake. Now the intro workout shake is primarily going to be to stay off glycogen depletion. We're going to supplement in glucose as we work out to help sustain workouts especially if we're doing higher volume workouts to help with that. In most of the glycogen synthesis, it's said, or is going to be done other times. I'm going to happen during that period of time. I would speculate. This is just me speculating, but you'll see people that do higher volume training, higher carbohydrate insulin use that all seems to pair up together. The higher carbohydrates, higher insulin, higher volume all seems to synergize together. You can see that in a lot of pro bodybuilders that use that methodology to train. Now they're being guys that are getting big not doing that during the eighths as an example. But I also don't think during eightish at ton of carbs from what I recall. So clearly what he did worked back in the day, but there are different approaches. So long story short, I think you do need to have sustained amino acid intake throughout the day for muscle protein synthesis. So I would not probably go more than four to five hours without some sort of protein. If you need to sip on a protein drink during the time, you can do that. If you're just slamming all your food in a bowl and eating it throughout the day, another guy's a thing. Chase does that. He doesn't measure out into regional meals. He just makes always food for the day and puts it all on a big bowl and then just eats it. I could be wrong. I would call Chase doing that. That is an option that clearly works for a lot of people. But I would say if you are truly about being the most competitive bodybuilder that you can possibly be in at a can out every bit of results that you possibly can, that meal timing does matter over a long term. Over the short term, you're not going to see that much of a difference. If you're just trying to be a general, you're not going to see that much of a difference. But if you're going to be a top level competitive bodybuilder, that stuff does add up over time. Next question here is from Brian D from the School and a Bodybuilding Members Community. Brian asked when doing a cycle, do you ever recommend supplementing DHA or DHA in pregnant alone? If so, what symptoms of conditions would indicate that they might be beneficial? I didn't use them until recently, Virus Steve had recommended them. I'd be honest with you, I don't know if I noticed a whole lot of difference with using them and not using them. Maybe slightly better mood when using the two. But both are neuro steroids and with the suppression of HTPA, it's possible that those become deficient as we, as we're running a cycle and can affect mood and sex drive and things like that. So supplementing them could potentially help out with mood and other things. There is some evidence that men, on PEDs, can have adrenal insufficiency and potentially DHA could help with this. I've seen a lot of blood work with you where guys have way to the DHA levels. So, you know, how much you need? I don't know particularly if Virus Steve has some really good information up about that. So what are the same deal with pregnant alone? Pregnano alone is a mother hormone, so to speak. It's upstream from the conversion of other hormones, you know, cholesterol and to steroid hormones. And also it can be related to adrenal fatigue and neuro steroid deficiency. And if you, in theory, the combination of DHA and pregnant alone while on steroids while taking PEDs should help with adrenal health and also improve mood. You know, improve neuro steroid production and improve mood overall and should make it just feel better. That's sort of the concept behind it. But I never really heard of anybody using them until the last few years. I've been running them for the last year. My anecdotal observation is I haven't noticed much of a difference. But it's one of those things we want to toss in. See how you react to it. See if you notice any potential improvement in mood and fatigue potentially could help. All right. Next question here is from Joe H. How would you peak someone for a show? There's been running a carbs like them died. Well, he gives a great thing with the carbs like them died. And basically what we do to peak for a show. I see a lot of coaches do. They'll do some sort of depletion and some sort of carb up. And then they do a water cut the day before the show. And that's sort of the formula. And the slick thing with carbs like them, we've essentially been doing that through the whole diet. We already know how your body response to the higher carbohydrates because we're running a single high day per week. We already know how your body response to depletion. Because we do run a low carbohydrate using zero carbohydrate diet on contests prep. So we already have data and information on that. So essentially we've been practicing peaking the entire contests prep with how we cycle through these diets. Now what we do know, usually what I see is when we do the high carbohydrate day, there is going to be some water retention the day after. And then we have a sort of a washing off period. It takes about 24 to 36 hours. Post the high carbohydrate day before you actually start to look better. It's usually two days post high carbohydrate day that I've seen that people look their best. Most of the time and that would make sense because glycogen takes upwards of 24 to 48 hours to fully synthesize. Now what I usually do with guys when I peek them, we just sort of continue along the path that we have. I will up calories a bit on the peak week. I like to pull back cardio. I like to wash off fatigue. Sort of reverse people into the show. I don't do anything drastic. I used to do really high carb pushes to see what we could get away with. There is a tactic called film spill that some some coaches use it. Where you get super aggressive with the carb up and then you'll use water manipulation or dioretics to get in the excess water off. Have guys looking super full busting at the seams going into the show, but my experience with that. What I've seen is that it's a fucking crapshoot. Sometimes it works. Sometimes it goes terribly wrong and you can look at the guys on the postage who have used that approach. Who have been hit or missed with their peaks. The coaches that have the most consistent peaks, the guys that always seem to nail their peaks, tend to be more conservative with their approach, going into the show. And we'll get a guy like Honey Rombod. I look at a guy like AJ Sims. Chris Cicito, these guys, you know, and I've seen some of their diets. They tend to be a little more conservative with their carb up approach. Now what I have come to like to do is I like, you know, usually what I will do is start increasing the food just a little bit going into the peak week. If we do need a dude, please, and I will do a depletion day four days out. Sometimes that's not necessary. I'll pull the cardio back down. I usually don't like guys doing more than 30 minutes of like walking on peak week. What I and what I will do with my carb up, I usually spread it out over two days. I'll do three in two days out from the show. And I'll bring it down just a little bit lower from what we were doing the high day going. And, you know, during the contest prep. So we know what guys look like from that from that high day. I'll back it off just a little bit. And then the day before the show, I'll pull water down a bit. Nothing drastic usually I have my guys go from drinking two gallons of water down to a half a gallon of water or three quarters of a gallon of water of the day on the before the show depending on how they look. We go with we pull the last two days usually I pull the protein down very low. We were talking about protein consumption earlier. And I'll go down to as low as like something like two to three ounces of protein per meal. And then use easier digesting rice base, carbohydrates sources. So we can keep the stomach nice and tight. When you're at the end going into a show, you're not really going to be growing. So there's no point needing a shit ton of protein. This is going to sit in your stomach as you don't dehydrate it going into the show. And then we just read it in the show. A lot of it's based off of how you look. No two clients that I prep have the same exact approach going into the show. But ultimately I lit what they look like. Dictate what we're doing with the food and we adjust accordingly. All right, last question here is from West side Aaron. West side ask, I'm having a hard time adding volume for my lower back. My current volume is nine to tell 12 working sets per body part on a bro split, even wearing about more often I can manage only four to six sets for lower back. I'm trying to gain mass should I keep this or drop the overlapping movements to increase lower back volume. Well, I mean, if you're doing squats, if you're doing dead less, if you're doing bro rows, sorry, I was going to say, bro's. You don't. Rose that aren't supported and maybe those are bro rows. I'm sorry, bro. So if you're good, good thing for it. But if you're doing rows that are non supported roasted bar bell rows, things like that, you're going to be working your lower back when all those things. It's, you know, that is volume that is, you know, you are providing tension on that lower back area. You're stimulating growth. So I don't know that you need a whole lot of lower back direct lower back work. And different muscle groups have different tolerances for volume. I found things like the lower back. Things like hamstrings tend to need less volume. And if you push the volume to high, they tend to get over trained more easily. Whereas, you know, certain things like the arms or calves or something like that just seem to. You can just blast away, you know, arms, you know, you can, you can probably, I think lead priest training is arms every day. I remember him, maybe I'm wrong about that, but I thought I recall him saying that he did that when he was a teenager. You can get away with a fair amount of arm training. So volume is subjective. It's really based on your ability to recover. I would not throw those other exercises in the trash if they're contributing to your growth. All those things are helping you grow. And I would just do whatever direct lower back volume and work that you feel like you can recover from. And handle. Listen to your body. That's another thing that I've learned is I've got an order. I used to feel like I had to do certain things just because somebody said you had to do them. And I would ignore the signals that my body was giving me. That say, hey, maybe this is too much or maybe this is not enough. Just because expert or guru or ex or why said that you shouldn't do this or you need to do this. I learned that I needed to listen to my body and listen to the feedback that my body gave me. And use that as a piece of the calculus when I'm adjusting volume intensity training frequency. All of these variables that are involved exercise selection. All of these things that are involved in training and adjust my training accordingly. Based on what my body is telling me what biofeedback I have and how I'm responding to the training itself. All right folks, that's all I got for you on this one. I appreciate each and every one of you. You rock. I'll see you motherfuckers on the next antibiotic Q&A. See you next week. Thank you.