I'm going to call or do I have a set in I cannot lose weights if I had a nickel for every time I've heard this rap of bullshit. Okay. The odds of you having some sort of metabolic disorder or thermogenic abnormality and thermogenesis to the point where you can't lose weight from being in a caloric deficit is almost the same as winning the lottery. It's not to say there are people out there. We've all seen them, you know, the my 600 pound life or whatever that show is those people clearly have something genetically going on that makes them that size. Okay. It's like being 7 foot tall. It's an abnormality. It's uncommon. It's rare. 99.9% of people can lose weights. And I'll give you an example here's an example. If you couldn't lose weight in a caloric deficit, gastric bypass surgery wouldn't work. Because you know why gastric bypass surgery works. It doesn't change your metabolism, doesn't make your thyroid work better. And it does. What it does is artificially restrict your ability to eat food which puts you in a caloric deficit and makes you lose weight. It's that simple. All it does is what your will power couldn't do before. It restricts your ability to consume food and you lose weight as a result. Study after study. Let's take a look at the study after study has been done on this. And I have an example here from the New England Journal of Medicine. Here they took 224 of these patients and had them report on their activity levels and had them report on their caloric intake. Guess what the results of the study were? The average person in the study, average, underreported, they're at their caloric level by almost 50%. Almost 50% holy crap. So you're eating that much more than what you think you're eating. On top of it, they underreported or overreported their activity levels by 75% on average. They think they're working out 75% harder than what they are. They think they're eating 50% less of what they are. So that is unbelievable. That's why you're not losing weight. The conclusion of the study was that the failure of a B subjects to lose weight while eating a diet they report as in a caloric deficit was not due to a thermogenic defect. It was due to underreporting caloric, underreporting caloric intake and overreporting their activity levels. That simple. They were eating more than what they were burning. That simple. So let's unpack this a little bit. I do have some sympathy here. I don't want to set on sympathetic. I have struggled with weight in my life. I've been a beast off in a one of points and I get it. I like to eat food. I have a food addiction sometimes and something I struggle with from here and there is eating like shit and making myself fat. I think what happens when a lot of people diet or they try to do a diet. They want one. They aren't measuring food. It's that simple. When you start measuring things and amazing thing happens, you make progress. If you're just guessing what you're eating, you are going to underreport what you eat every time. What people think is a tablespoon of peanut butter. It's not what a tablespoon of peanut butter looks like. So they end up having three times as many calories as they think they're having. There's also I'll have a bite here. I'll have a bite there. You're eating your salad with chicken and your kid has french fries and a hamburger and you grab a few bite of those french fries. You do that at every meal. You end up eating five 600 calories more in a day than what you think. And 500 calories a day is 3500 calories in a week. That's a pound of fat. It doesn't take much a tablespoon of peanut butter. It thinks like 180 calories. Something like that. That's half a pound of fat in a week. It doesn't take much to make a difference. It's the taking a bite of food here and they're not weighing and measuring thing. Another thing is most activity trackers. God loves Fitbit. I think that it has motivated some people to work out. But I will tell you the calories burn on those activity trackers for the most part is just absolute bullshit. The math does not add up. If you were really burning a thousand calories in a workout, you'd be losing a crazy amount of weight. You're not burning that many. I probably should. You have to work out. Fucking crazy hard to burn that many calories. So I have zero faith in what those activity trackers or machines say that you're burning calories. Just don't even think about that. The scale in the mirror are your judge if you're actually burning calories. Anyway, hopefully this is helpful. My advice is weigh and measure everything that you eat. Stick to a diet plan. Track your weight every day. Don't snack. I promise you you can lose weight. 99.9% of people can lose weight if they apply those principles. If you have questions feel free to reach out to me. I'm happy to ask. I've struggled with my weight. So I am sympathetic to that. I'll also, if you have videos that you want me to make, open suggestions for those as well. And please like and subscribe. Like the video, subscribe to my channel. I'd really appreciate it. Anyway, have a great day.