calories in calories out one of the most heated topics in fitness social media. People love to argue about this one and there's so much bullshit. Hopefully we can settle this argument today. So first of all, it's calories in calories out a scientific fact. Fuck yes. The simple answer is yes. I don't know why this is still an argument. CO, CO in fat loss, fat gain are subject to the first law of thermodynamics. It is an immutable fact of science. I love this quote, but Neil deGrasse Tyson. He said, the good thing about science is that it's true whether or not you believe in it. And that's the case here. There's all kinds of bullshit, dig, guru, charlatans out there that say calories in calories out is not a fact. It's because they just want to sell your bullshit. They want to sell you. They're special, unique way of dieting. You can't get around it. You have to eat less than you burn if you want to burn fat. It's just scientific fact. So to understand it, let's take a little one back to physics class here. It's been a long time since I took physics, but I did take in collagen in high school and I really enjoyed it. So the first law of thermodynamics, it is a basic fundamental law of physics. It's the law of conservation of energy. We can neither be created nor destroyed, only transferred. Keep that in your head. Energy cannot be created nor destroyed. It can only be transferred. So think of this example of a car burning gasoline. The gas is burned, which fires the engine. The engine turns the crank, the turns the wheels. So the energy is transferred from the gas through the process of burning it to the wheel, which moves the car forward. Energy is neither created nor destroyed in this process, only transferred. The body works the same way. The body is a closed thermodynamic system subject to the first rule of thermodynamics. Can't change that. No matter how much you want to. You can want that to not be true. You can think this new diet that says eating certain foods or whatever allows you to violate laws of thermodynamics, it's bullshit. It should immediately discredit the person who's saying that bullshit. If you could disprove the first law of thermodynamics, you'd want to know the price. You demonstrate the ability to create energy from nothing and solve the world's energy crisis. You would be a hero to all humanity. No one's done it yet. And believe me scientists are constantly trying to do it. Hasn't been done. You'd be the first. So the body, let's think about the body's closed energy system so you can get a better grasp of why this is a fact. The calories are burned to fuel the body just like the gasoline fuels the car. The metabolism fluctuates just like a car consuming gas. When you pull that car off the lot and it has that sticker on the side, it says 38 miles per gallon. Think of that as your metabolism. Does that car get 38 miles per gallon all the time? No. If you were pulling, you had a car full of people and a trunk full of suitcase is you're going to get worse gas mileage because you're putting more load on the car. Bigger cars, trucks, they require more gas and get less gas mileage just like the body would burn more calories. Okay, if you had a bigger body, a car sitting idle at the stop light or in park doesn't burn that much gas. Just like if you're laying your fat ass on the couch, you're not burning many calories. Access energy is stored in the fuel tank just like your body stores access energy and glycogen stores, fat, etc. For use later on, okay, it's the same thing as the car essentially. So there's no magic diet for fat loss. Certainly macro composition will make a difference in your body composition. People lose weight because they cut calories. It doesn't matter what diet you're on. Keto vegetarian, low fat, etc. I love when people go on these keto diets and they say, oh my gosh, it was so easy and also a whole bunch of weight. They're like, as they're some magic to going keto, there's no, you've, what you've done is removed an entire macro nutrient from your diet. You're not eating carbs anymore. So you're eating less calories. Same thing with people go vegetarian or vegan. You've removed an entire macro nutrient group. You're not eating protein anymore. So of course you're going to lose weight. It doesn't, you're just removing calories. It's that simple. As I mentioned, there are diets that make for better body composition. Losing, you know, think about, if you were trying to train for a bodybuilding show, technically you can lose weight. If you're in a deficit in your eight, Snickers bars all day long, you're going to lose weight. You might look like a pile of mashed potatoes at the end, but you're definitely going to lose weight. You know, versus eating a bodybuilding diet that's higher in protein, where you're going to have a better body composition and retain muscle mass. So understanding your metabolism, you know, your metabolism is, we alluded to earlier with a car example, isn't static. People like to have a calculated number. Oh, my metabolism is 2500 calories per day. That's just an estimate. Okay. Your metabolism fluctuates from day to day depending on a multitude of factors. It's going to lower and go and raise depending on these factors. And you know, your basement metabolism is how much you're doing, you know, how much you're burning by doing nothing. Exercise is going to have an effect on your metabolism. The more you exercise, the more calories you burn, meet non exercise activity, thermogenesis, just sitting around doing nothing. You know, that's essentially the, or not, not, sorry, not sitting around doing nothing. This is the activity around the house, so you're cleaning your house, you know, walking up and down the stairs, taking your dog outside to go to the bathroom, cooking dinner, all of these things burn calories. Okay. They burn calories on top of your basement metabolism. The thermic effect of food, certain foods protein, it takes calories to burn that, to process that food. Hormom manipulation, you know, by manipulating your hormones, bodybuilders, and all about that, you can raise your, or even lower your metabolism. Thermogenic drugs, fat burners, caffeine, things like this are going to raise your metabolism cause you to burn more calories. Muscle mass, the more muscle you have, the more calories you burn at rest. Thatabolic down or up regulations, your, your body is a very adaptive machine and I think this is where people get confused with the calories and calories out, stuff, stuff saying it's not true. Horm metabolism adjust to what your, your, your eating. And if you're, if you're starving yourself, your metabolism is going to down regulate and you're going to burn less calories over a period of time. Something when you get yourself adjusted to eating more food to a certain point, your, your metabolism will raise, you know, it's not dramatic. How calories are stored in the, in the human body, excess calories are stored as glycogen. This is carbohydrates, store carbohydrates in the liver or the muscle tissue, stored fat. You know, we all know about that and muscle tissue, muscle tissue is, is calories well. So burning fat or burning calories, you must burn more calories than you consume calories and calories out. It is that simple. Remember, the first law of thermodynamics, your body can burn calories from glycogen, stored fat, muscle tissue. It doesn't always burn it from stored fat. In fact, it doesn't like to burn fat first. Think of fat as your emergency store, your, your savings account. Muscle can also be burned through a process called gluconeogenesis. Muscle is unnecessary if you're, if you were out on the Savannah, you know, 20,000 years ago and you know, you're starving your body doesn't need that muscle tissue to survive. Okay. It'll, it'll, it'll burn muscle tissue for calories as well for blood, for blood sugar, turning it into blood sugar. You have to trick your body into retaining muscle when you die at body builders and all about this through weight training, eating, eating high protein diets, things such as that. Glacogen is usually the first calories that your body, excess calories that your body burn. It's easy, easily accessible fuel. Anyone who's done a contest prep knows what it feels like to be glycogen depleted, you get flat, you feel like shit, you know, this is, this is part of the process. They say you have to get flat to burn fat. Macros do matter. We, you know, we've said this before, you know, how you structure your matters, do make a difference in body composition. But at the end of the day, it is a calorie deficit that burns excess calories. Fat burning mass. So let's look at some math and regards to fat burning. There's roughly 3500 calories in a pound of fat to lose one pound of fat per week. That means you need to be at a 500 calorie per day deficit. You know, we're making a assumption that you're burning primarily fat here, which isn't always the case as we establish. You can burn that through calorie reduction, through increased exercise, fat burners, et cetera. In a manipulation of your hormones, increasing meat, I, I thought this was fascinating. I, I don't know how true this is, but I read a thing about standing desk that just having a standing desk alone if you're, if you're an office worker, if you stand for the eight hours versus sitting, that's an extra 100 to 200 calories depending on your body size that you burn per day. You know, it doesn't sound like a lot, but over the course of a 16 week diet if you're bodybuilding that adds up. Anyway, what we'll get more into this, I'm going to record more videos and going into how to manipulate your macros to, to make, you know, have retain muscle and to have a better body composition as you lose weight. You don't want to be skinny fat, I see a lot of people lose a ton of weight from crash diets, keto comes to mind and they, they lose all this weight, but they, they're still, they're just, they lose muscle, they lose muscle glycogen and they just look skinny fat. We don't want to be skinny fat, so we'll talk, we'll talk about that. Please like and subscribe, that helps me out. Feel free to ask questions in the in the comment section. If there any other videos that you would like me to record, please let me know and follow me on Instagram at Paul K Barnett. Thank you.