Okay, we're going to take a look at another room of taste and heavener. This one, uh, letters off, uh, the mara. I had pretty much everybody in bodybuilding closet, let her out where letters all, um, and how it's used in bodybuilding. Uh, before I dig into it and talk about it, uh, please take the time to, uh, like the video, subscribe to my channel. I get a lot of people watching videos, not a lot of people subscribing. I really appreciate if you subscribe, it helps me out. I'll keep cranking out videos if you, if you do. Um, anyway, let's, let's dig into it. Um, so letters all, technically, uh, is very similar to an astrasal, but I can tell you in practicality. They are very different. Um, letters all is like the nuclear bomb of, uh, of aromatates and inhibitors. It, well, it's effective. It gets the job done, uh, but man, it is rough. Um, so it, it is a oral anti estrogen job, a third generation oral aromatize inhibitor, just like an astrasal. Um, I also want to point out, and I have in the other videos about, uh, a eyes, the difference between an AI and a certain, every broke, it says mixed up. Uh, aromatates inhibitor does exactly that inhibits aromatates, uh, with the conversion of, which causes the conversion of testosterone to estrogen. Um, a sermons and selective estrogen receptor modulator, which binds up the estrogen receptor, um, more specifically in the breast tissue to, uh, keep, uh, estrogen from affecting it, but it leaves estrogen free to work on other tissue, uh, such as liver, so you don't get your, um, cholesterol, or your, your, uh, lipids are crushed. Um, it was developed as a breast cancer treatment around the same time as the National Health came out after it's a newer drug. Uh, this is bananas to me, uh, study showing that a point one milligram per day dose reduces estrogen by 80 percent holy crap. I mean, it goes into a two and a half milligrams pill. Um, I can tell you, just one, two and a half milligrams pill is enough to just completely blow your estrogen away. Um, it's, it's crazy powerful. Uh, it was approved for human use in 1997 as an adjunct therapy for breast cancer. Uh, I will tell you, um, it's, um, you know, when you look at the studies, which just splits fastening to me, it's way more powerful than, um, a National's all, but I'm, when I was looking at the studies about, uh, effectiveness in fighting breast cancer, it really was no different with the results for another different than, um, a National's all, which is, which is interesting, uh, even though it's more powerful. Um, effective, let's relax a lot. It, it, it let's resolve it blocks the romantase enzyme reduces estrogen stimulated breast tissue growth. Um, using conjunction with top to moxphen, just like an asthazal studies were shown that it calls regression and breast growth. I will tell you that in bodybuilding purposes, um, it is really the only anti estrogen I have seen that is so semi-effective at reversing early stage gyna comasia. It, it, it, I have a much luck with it with the nashazal but electrosal will do the nitric, um, side effects of electrosal and there are a lot. This, this is, this is the shitty side of its sounds. Like it might be a better anti estrogen until you get to the side effects. Hot flashes, night sweats, loss of appetite, constipation, joint pain, weakness, fatigue, decreased bone mineral density, which over a long term can lead to osteoporosis, nausea, and worsen lipids. It will crush your lipids. It makes your lipids horrible. Um, at least semi-expansion has been in the joint pain with electrosal is horrific. Um, bodybuilding uses for electrosal use to combat high estrogen levels. Um, best with use with steroids that heavily aromatize test, et cetera. Um, you know, keep in mind, it's only going to work against, uh, steroids that aromatize. Or shrink gyno as I mentioned earlier. It is the most effective, uh, anti-estrogen, I've seen for shrinking gyno. You got to use it with tomoxophone though. Uh, um, combat estrogen related bloating when you're, you know, it's in a contest prep at a really hard new up. Um, half life of electrosal, I have seen studies or information that say anywhere for 42 hours through as much as four days. Um, it does seem like it has in my anecdotal experience. It seems like it does have a longer half life than an ashes all seems like it's a season system longer. I do since, uh, um, and if you're just trying out, I would, you know, I would start off with the one and a quarter, middle of games every other day. That's probably going to be more than enough to crush any estrogen you have even on a gramatost. You know, maybe not, but uh, intermediate would be two and a half. Well, it gives every other day in a 2.5 milligrams every day. The only situation where I can, where I can consciously think that it would be, you know, would be, you know, reasonable to take that high of a dose would be is if you had a growth in your chest that you needed to reverse got to come ass if or maybe the last week or two from for contest if you really needed to harden up. Premium all pretty menopausal women should just avoid it outright. My experience, um, as I've mentioned before, my estrogen always runs high. Um, I have had to use lecturers all if you times to clean up some gyna and my chest or in, you know, I tried running it long term one time and it just fucked me up. God, I feel awful. Joints here. Just with farjig, just brain phone, I feel way better with the nashes or in X or X of Mustang. I just don't like it. You know, for contest prep at the end, it's fantastic for hardening you up. It really is, but that's about the only time I would use it or if I had a gyna flare up. It really negatively affects my cholesterol to the side effects are just nasty overall. I get really bad constipation, night sweats, um, you know, just makes my joys hurt. It's, it's not good. I know, I don't, don't run. Remotains inhibitors in the offseason if you don't need one, especially not lecturers all. I mean, you're going to fuck your cholesterol all up. You're going to end up, you know, over the long term, not a short term thing, but if you are taking it constantly over years, in years and years, you're going to end up, you know, having plaque build up in your arteries and potentially have a hard attack or stroke. My, I tried to have milligrams per day and when I, you know, in the contest prep and then when I got my blood worked on my, my lifestyle was like one or two, it was crazy. It was like not existed. You know, once again, I just want to remind everybody, aromotains inhibitors do not work with not aromotizing, um, steroids. They just don't work, you know, so, and it draw, um, it doesn't aromotize, but it does attach to the estrogen receptor through, through some indirect method and could cause guy to come ask you. It's not going to help you. There's no, there's no, I think the blocks and see a, there is no aromotization. Same thing with trend, uh, you know, Trankin calls Guyno with pro-lactin, majestic effect. It's not going to help you there either. Thank you for watching my video. Please feel, please like and subscribe as I mentioned before. Feel free to ask questions in the comment section. I'm happy to answer any questions that you have. The 30 videos you want me to make, I'd be more than open to suggestions for more videos. And follow me on Instagram at Paul G. Barnnet. Thank you.