So, today's nutrition label SmackDown, we're going to take a look at Magic Spoon Fruity Serial versus Free Loops. I love me some free loops. They are awesome. Okay, so let's dig into this a little bit. Magic Spoon, let's take a look at the nutrition label here. 150 calories per cup, eight grams of fat per cup. It's a lot of fat for a breakfast cereal. Usually you don't see that much fat in a breakfast cereal. 15 grams of carbs per cup, one gram of fiber per cup. These are not going to make you poop. And 13 grams of protein, a lot of protein for a breakfast cereal. One cup is roughly 38 grams of total cereal. Let's take a look at fruit loops. We got here. 110 calories per cup. It's less than Magic Spoon calories. Yes, less. The weight per cup is less, so you know, they're probably filling it up with there. But whatever, when you're measuring it out, you don't know the difference. 100 grams of fat per cup. 25 grams of carbs, glorious carbs, and two grams of protein. So closer look at Magic Spoon's ingredients. And I looked at the label. It has weigh concentrate, which anybody knows anything about weigh. weigh concentrate is the king of farts. Yeah, it doesn't agree with my stomach. I know some people can get away with it, but it's like to send it. It's the shitty cheap way. Don't like it, but anyway. It has alkylose. I had to look this one up. I've never seen that ingredient anything before. It is a natural but rare sugar. Evidently, it is a monosaccharide. This is pretty interesting. It is one calorie per gram. So carbs are typically four calories per gram, but only one calorie per gram actually gets absorbed. From what I understand, the rest of this does not get digested or absorbed. The FDA mandates that despite the lower calorie count that each carb must be counted on the nutrition label. That's how they can get away with saying less than that carbs than what it really is. I don't know. It's kind of deceptive marketing if you ask me. It has roughly 70% the sweetness of sugar. I also do a little more digging and I found an FDA study on the safety of it. This is probably why you don't see it used in food very often. It has some pretty freaking extreme GIFX causes in larger doses can cause bloating, diarrhea, cramping, gas, abdominal sounds. As we do, it's the bubble guts. So basically you're going to have the bubble guts and shit your pants if you eat too much of this stuff. That sounds like a great combination with Wake-Con's a trade which already Fox my stomach up. It's not vitamin fortified anyway. That was interesting. It's vitamin fortified. Not that the average American needs vitamin fortification and their food are already overfed and fat and not malnourished anyway anyway. So I feel like at this point the vitamin fortified cereal is just a marketing thing. Otherwise the ingredients appear to be organic or natural. Ingredients of note in frittlips. Actually, when you look at the ingredients, it sounds bad as you would think. It was not great but as far as junk food goes, it doesn't have high fructice corn syrup. There is that. Use this real sugar. There is partially hydrogenated vegetable oil which is dog shit. But there's only one gram of it preserving so it's not a significant enough amount to even be concerned about. As good old red dye number 40 which has been banned in some countries completely. European Union I believe requires manufacturers to put a warning on, a label warning on foods that contain it's thing that it may cause cancer and I think that it's also been banned from consumption by children in the European Union. It is made from petroleum. Yeah, that's great. Motor oil. It is vitamin fortified though so you'll get plenty of vitamins. So comparing both together. Frittlips has lower calories per cup. So for lips has less fat per cup. Frittlips of vitamin fortified. Again, to digest that a lot easier, you have the bubble guts for meat and fruit lips. They're going to, your body is going to suck those right up. Magic spoon has less carbs, less neck carbs, organic ingredients. And it does have healthier fats. It uses the blend of fats that it uses assuming it's not bullshit. It's healthier. So my thoughts on this. First of all, who the fuck actually eats one cup of cereal? I don't know, I don't. I'm eating half the damn box. So you eat half a box of this magic spoon. You're probably going to shit your pants. That's not good. Organic doesn't always equal better. People see organic on stuff. It's not, it's organic or natural. They automatically think that it's better. It's a sign-ides natural. Even though this aliola is natural, it looks like it has from the studies of red. Some pretty nasty GI side effects. That can't be good for you. It's basically your body saying, I'm not using this and you're shit in your pants. For fat loss, we know the calories are all king. And thermodynamics, the law of thermodynamics stands true. Less calories equals more fat burn if you're trying to burn fat. You're going to burn fat eating fruit loops. I've done it, but I'm not your normal person. For dieting purposes, fruit loops are actually probably better choice if you're trying to watch your calories. I did try and, you know, I noticed on the, the magic spoon site, and this drives me nuts with a lot of these so-called healthy foods. It drives me absolutely fucking bad shit that they claimed that it was keto friendly and healthy and blah, blah, blah, blah. It's still a junk food. It's got a shit ton of fat in it, although it's healthier fats. And it's anyway in the keto friendly. This doesn't seem to keto friendly to me. I don't know, but if I were putting together a ketogenic dive, if somebody I wouldn't tell in the eat magic spoon cereal, you know, neither fruit loops or magic spoon would be good for a good recommendation if you're trying to have a fat loss diet. They're not going to be very associating. They are pretty colorically dense per unit consumed. Honestly, there's no real health benefit for eating magic spoon over, over fruit loops. Maybe you can make an argument about the red dive, but, you know, so your red diver is hitting your pants and needing some sweetener that nobody really knows a whole lot of out there. I haven't been a whole lot of studies done on. I don't know. If you want cereal, I would just eat the fucking fruit loops. That's my opinion. If you're going to go off the rails, just eat the real thing. Save your money, save your butthole, because you're going to poop your pants if you eat a bunch of this magic spoon stuff. Just eat fruit loops. That's my opinion. They're both kind of garbage. So you might as well have the real thing. Hope you found this enjoyable. Like and subscribe. Please subscribe to my channel. I'm trying to get it off the ground. I'm begging, cleaning. It's pretty sad. I don't even know what I'm doing with the stamp thing anyway. Uh, thanks and have a great day.