

=== FILE: 2021 Contest Prep Diet - Anabolic Bodybuilding [fOKsa4L70Lk].txt ===

I've had quite a few people direct message me on social media asking me about my diet for the 2021 Jay-Cutler Classic and I thought I'd break it down for everybody. I worked with Justin Harris from Tripone and Nutrition for my diet for the contest. Justin is a proponent of carbs cycling for a diet and I'll be honest with the first time I've ever tried anything like this. It was required a lot of measuring and keeping track of things accurately. I think that was important otherwise it doesn't work. The basic premise of carbs cycling for anybody is unfamiliar with it, especially in a fat loss phase. Essentially what you're doing is with my diet. We did one day a week where we were hyper-cooloric, where we were in a calorie surplus. The rest of the days of the week on training days I would do a medium carb day where we would do moderate carbs, moderate fats. On non-training days we would do a low-day where we would do low carbs, moderate fats. The medium days and the low days are isocloric, where we're in a caloric deficit, where we're burning fat. The single high day that we do each week you would be hyper-cooloric. It sounds like maybe you would store fat on that day, but what ends up happening? You're kind of playing a trick with your body. During the days where you're in a deficit you're actually depleting the muscles of glycogen. Then on the high day what ends up happening, we eat high carbs, low fat, as to not promote fat storage. The premise is with the excess carbs that I'm eating, those will be stored as muscle glycogen rather than fat. You can be hyper-cooloric, not gain fat on that day, and store those carbs in the muscle glycogen filling your muscles back up. It worked quite well. It was the most effective diet I've ever done to be honest with you. Wake came off of me. At the beginning of the diet we kept things pretty high calories. I mean for the first eight weeks I was eating a ton of food and lost a lot of weight. Then we crank things up as we went along. During the last four weeks or so we got pretty extreme with it. On the low days it was eating no carbs of the investibles. On the medium days it was something like 100 grams of carbs. On the high day I was still eating 800 grams of carbs a quite a bit. Sometimes I'd be a cheap meal in there at the end of the day if he prescribed it. We kept me burning fat quite nicely through the whole thing. I didn't do as much cardio as I did last year when I died at down. Not even nearly as much and I burned, I got pretty lean. I could see for my pictures. On the high days too this also threw it three years for a loop. A lot of people like you must be eating vegetables and you know, clean food all the time on the high days. Half my calories came from sugar. It was eating things like Captain Crunch, Apple Pie filling, gummy bears, all kinds of fun stuff. The cool thing with that was it kept me sane. I kept food cravings, I kept sugar cravings all the time. And what it did is it kept me from cheating. I went 16 weeks without one cheat. I didn't screw up or fuck up once in my diet, which is the first for me. And what it did, I always knew that I only had to make it a few more days before I could have some sugar and some carbs to keep myself sane. And it kept me motivated, kept me going through the whole time and it worked quite well. I know that what my body fat was at the end, I didn't really check, but I would imagine it was pretty freaking low. It was definitely in the single digits. Somewhere in 5, 7% range, I'm guessing. But I don't know where I started off. It was probably a lot higher than what I thought I was. Just guessing, I was probably somewhere in the 18 to 20% range. Even though I had a dexiscan done at the beginning of the diet, it said I was around 16%, but I don't know it seems kind of dubious to me. Looking back at the pictures, I definitely looked a lot fatter than that. But anyway, I feel I'm a diet to be quite effective. We're going to continue it in the offseason. I'm trying to stick to somewhat similar self-added diet right now. So it was not to gain fat on the rebound. But if you have questions, feel free to message me or type them in the comments below. I'm happy to answer any questions about the diet. And if you're looking for a coach, Justin's fantastic. I can't recommend him enough. Have a good day.

=== FILE: 2021 Rebound -  Switching to High Volume Training - - Anabolic Bodybuilding [j3tjyCrVW5U].txt ===

So I've had several people ask me about my rebounds training from the J. Cutler Show, I put on crazy exercise. Probably the most productive size days I've ever had in my life to be honest with you, I've spent some time on my 60 pounds and I'm still relatively lean. I'm not biting means ripped, but you know, seeing the pictures on my profile. Anyway, the training program that I'm doing, I towards the show, I like the read and I've been reading a ton of books and research studies on training. And I started off with Dr. Brad Schofel, and I read several of his studies in book on, he did scientific studies on hypertrophotrating and found, but actually volume training every time, and most recent studies seems to be the most productive for hypertrophy. For muscle growth, high volume, high frequency, and high frequency, not the typical bro split where you hit everything once a week. And it got me to thinking, I've always done hit-style training during a hit, some from that Dante Trudeau, to Dante Train me in a long time ago, probably 20 years ago, and I've always been of that philosophy, getting more from less, hit it hard and get out. But as I'm getting older, I'm approaching 50. I don't think that's training is sustainable with my joints past the age of 50, and I'm trying to think about what type of training would be sustainable. So I thought I would give it a go and do higher volume training, see how it went. So I read Dr. Mike Isria tells book after Schofel's book, I think it's called the scientific principles of hypertrophy. And I really enjoyed the book, I actually read it twice, and then he has an entire video series of his run-and-s-hawn superiorization website, went through and watched that multiple times, and I built a program somewhat structured on his principles and Schofel's principles of hypertrophy, high volume training, and I've been doing that for the last six weeks, and I'll be honest, my body has responded like crazy. The same thing with this program is that nothing is to failure, everything is a repertoire short of failure, and you know, you gradually progressively progressively progressively overload, increase the volume as the program goes along. So you know, week one, you might only be doing three sets per body part, and eventually we're up to 12 to 15 per body part, getting each body part twice a week. So my split right now is a push, legs, pull, push, legs, pull off, so I'm training six days a week, getting each body part twice a week. Volume is currently at maximum volume, at least for me that I can seem to recover from, which is somewhere in the 10 to 15 sets per body part range. Smaller body parts might be a little less, and rep ranges are in the 10 to 20 range, on the heavier compound movement squats, bench press, things like barbell rows, things like that, the rep ranges 10 to 12 reps. On smaller, more isolation exercises, for example, cable crossovers for chest would be closer to the 15 to 20 rep range once again nothing to failure. I don't know the root, they result have been crazy. Now, this could be a combination of factors. I was also extremely depleted from the show I've been big before. So I think there was a super compensation component there combined with the nutrition, the high volume training. I'm working with Justin Harris from Japan in nutrition on my diet. He is a carb cycling proponent. I also have been eating a high amount of carbs as well. I've had a few fuck ups in there. I'm eating an entire family size bag of peanut M&Ms a few weeks ago. But for the most part, I've been following the diet, I've been 95% adherents. But I think that also plays a component in it. As far as super supplement's go, very moderate low doses, just 500 milligrams of tests, 300 milligrams of NPP, six units of growth hormone a day, and pretty basic, nothing crazy. And I am ramping that down into a cruise here in the next week or so. We'll see if I hold on to this. But anyway, that's it. That's what I've been doing. Feel free to ask questions if you have them. Thank you.

=== FILE: 2021 Rebound Steroid Cycle - Anabolic Bodybuilding [FSOEQeUPgS0].txt ===

Okay, today I'm going to talk about my rebound cycle from the 2021 J-Cottler Classic. I'm recording this after I already recorded the video. I got someone to add some context to it, so I apologize for the disjoin it nature of things. But the picture on the left that you see is from me eight weeks pre-contested roughly 230 pounds in the picture on the right is four weeks post-contest 230 pounds again, but completely different body composition. So you can see how we caught the rebound effectively. I also forgot to mention in the video that I am also running six units of growth hormone every day. But anyway, here it goes. Thank you. I've had several people, probably message me and ask me about my rebound cycle. I've had a pretty good rebound from my contest of about 50 pounds in the state-failet lean. It's nothing complex. Right now I'm doing 500 milligrams a week of test. 300 milligrams of MPP tapering down with the goal of being on just TRT here in a couple weeks of 200 milligrams of test a week somewhere around there. I have tapered off the fat burners and the aromatase inhibitor too as we have come off the contest. I want to quit everything cold turkey and blow myself out of the water. Same thing with cardio. I tapered the cardio down after the show. I didn't quit cold turkey. I kept coming under the gym as well. I didn't do anything crazy the week after the gym felt pretty shitty, but it was all white weights, high volume, training, all light weights, high volume stuff. Justin Harris, my nutritional host had scheduled me to have five high days after the show with cheat meals. Basically, just kind of eat when I want after that. But my blood sugar wouldn't let me do that. I have issues with blood sugar control sometimes. So after the show just didn't happen, I had to pretty much eat clean the week after the show. So that probably helped me keep lean. I did have a couple of fuckups. I did housement tire thing of peanut in my nose at one point like a giant Costco family size thing. I did raid the pantry, thankfully for some of the kid's stuff. But other than that, I've been pretty solid with the diet. I've been following the plan he set out. Right now we're doing three high days a week with the cheat meal, the high day. A little bit of insulin with the high day. Keep the blood, blood sugar and check. Three medium days and then one low day, which is probably ISO caloric, where I'm going to deficit the. But anyway, pretty simple. MPP tests pretty moderate doses taping down to to TRT. I'll run TRT probably for a month or so. Get a physical don't see where my health is at. I did get blood work done after the show. Nothing was crazy. My, you know, surprisingly my cholesterol was great. The only thing that was really out of whack was my liver, which I've never had liver issues before. But I think it's probably my fault for not taking any liver support. During the during the the contest prep. I just didn't think I needed it, but I wasn't really taking high amounts of Orals, but I guess guess I needed it with all the stress I was putting on my body. Anyway, let's say if you have questions asked.

=== FILE: Anadrol (Oxymetholone) - Steroid Profile - Anabolic Bodybuilding [Dar_iQMbjQI].txt ===

And a draw, oxy, methylone, aboms. This is a favorite amongst power lifters from what I understand. And, bro's at the gym who want to get huge and bloated. We're going to go into the steroid profile today. Take a look at it. It's also one of the older steroids that I think has been around since the early 60s. Don't quote me on that, but that's what I recall. So let's take a look at an adoral. It is a structurally altered form of DHT, dihydrotestosterone. A two hydroxy, methylone group is attached to a carbon in the first cycle, alkane ring. And with this modification does, is make it a very strong antibiotic. DHT really is not, has almost no antibiotic properties whatsoever. Also has the modification at the 17th carbon position by adding a methyl group, making this a C 17a steroid. And we know what that means. That means it's liver toxic, but you can take it or away. It is very, typically similar to provider in which this crazy, because provider is very mild. And here is nothing mild about abombs. But they have very different effects. It is a super strong antibiotic, whereas DHT and provider are not. The rating is antibiotic to endogenic ratings as compared to testosterone. It has an endogenic rating of 45. milder and adorogenic effects than testosterone and anabolic rating of 320. So it is very adabolic compared to testosterone. It also has strong adorogenic effects, which is wild because most DHT derivatives do not. Actually the fact I think all the other ones do not have adorogenic effects. And what's crazy is they have no idea why adorogenic effects, because it doesn't convert the estrodiol through a romate. So there is no clear path to why it causes estroid. But it does. I just don't think it's been studied. It was originally used for treatment of osteoporosis in anemia. When it first came around there was better treatment for osteoporosis. Now there is a reason for a latent, which is mostly women for a lady. It's a bond to help osteoporosis. I can only imagine how that worked. And for anemia I think is the only thing the FDA still has it approved for. And I think that is mostly in HIV patients. Moderate andogenic effects is compared to testosterone. And it has a reputation for being very, very liver toxic. More liver toxic than the other 17 AA steroids. Although I think that may be a bit overblown. Effects of anodrol just like other steroids increase protein synthesis. Increase nitrogen retention. IDF1 production strong increase in red blood cell counts. It does have some inhibition on glucocorticoids. Although I think they are better options. And strong antibiotic action. Side effects of anodrol. There are a lot. There are a lot. It's a dirty, dirty, dirty steroid. Strong elevation in red blood cell count in hematocrate. That's why it's used to treat anemia. It's my experience and it has the strongest effect on that out of any of them. Even more than equipoys. You're going to blow your hematocrate up when you're, I've personally never checked my blood after taking it so I don't know. But you're going to blow yourself up if you have hematocrate issues. Just don't even go on it. This would be bad bad idea. As I mentioned, strong estrogenic effects and they have no idea why. And here's the crazy thing. Aromatase inhibitors. Do not listen to me on this one. Do not help the estrogenic side effects from, from, from a bombs. And that is because it does not aromatize to estradial. So therefore, aromatase inhibitors do not work. Serum seemed to work. So or help at least. So, you know, maybe take some noble decks. If you're going to take abombs and you have issues with gyno. I definitely will blow your gyno up. Appetite reduction. It has a severe appetite reduction effects on appetite in my experience. Moderate androgenic side effects. Here's another thing. You know, people will take five AR inhibitors to help with side effects from, you know, DHT. They don't work with an adro. They don't help since it doesn't directly convert to DHT. You're going to fuck your cholesterol and your lipets up if you take an adro. Fuck him up bed. So, and a study, I saw a 50 milligrams dose over a 12 week period. Lowered HDL by 23 points. Whoa, 23 points. Just from just from the abombs alone. Imagine stacking out with other shit. You're going to have no fucking HDL when you're talking. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not uncommon to see 20 to 30 pounds of weight gain in a couple weeks. You know, I gained a 20 to 30 pounds of muscle on a couple weeks. You'd be big ramen in two years. That was the case. It's all fucking water and blood. And as a result, your blood pressure is going to go through the roof. Yeah, high blood pressure and heart attacks and blocked arteries. Mild suppression of natural testosterone not as much as test. Suppressive but it's still suppressive. As I mentioned before, it has a reputation for being very liver toxic. I think that has more to do with people taking high doses than it does with the Steritice often. You don't hear anybody taking 150 to 200 milligrams of adivar a day. If you did, I think they would have the same liver issues as people taking Andadraw. It's not uncommon to hear a rose taking 150 milligrams of adivar a day. It's just fucking stupid, but stupid people do stupid things. Applications for Andadraw. Really, the only application I can see for it is for string sports. You're powerlifting, strong man, maybe I don't know a lot about strong man, maybe Olympic lifting. Powerlifting is looking to peak. It's probably a decent choice because it's going to cause you to blow it up. And I know, powerletters like to get bloated as flocks so they can pack all that meat into a suit And push more weight. Also, it's a cushion to join. So I can see some advantages there. Also, where you have situations where a quick size gain may be needed, such as explosive Sports. It can be used in high-purchasing free phases, but I think they're way better choices. I just don't see an application for it bodybuilding personally. Andadraw. Half life. The 16 hours is the half life. Each, you know, with other steroids doesn't pack half life. I'm so if you're going to dose it, it probably dose it twice a day. If you're going to start off with a 50-millimeter pill, split it in half half in the morning, half in the evening, or whatever. Cycles and doses. Male dose. Beginner dose is 50 milligrams per day. I mean, the pills are 50 milligrams. I have seen some 25-floating around, but they're not as common. Andadraw. Andadraw. 50 to 100 milligrams per day. And the advanced dose is 100 plus. 150. I think you're fucking nuts if you take that much, but whatever. And women don't take it. It just don't take it. My experience. I think it's size far. I mean, if I try to, if I try to, if I try to crate it or believe it's small because I want everyone else's 1156 plus 32 years old. So, I'm going to have to compete. For example, I'm going to 해� girdy it's a慣 for the pandemic. Right? headache. That is pretty much normal. Hot stomach, diabetes. I feel awful when I go out and fight. And if the goal is to put on size, why would you take it if you can't eat? Also if it bloated me up, I think again, 20 pounds and a few weeks, if your body builder, you don't want to be bloated and looks stupid, that's not the cool body building. If flared up my guy in a badly, I had a little bit of guy in a from puberty. I just had some natural, maybe some peace-sized nubs under my nipples. But when I took and had draw within a couple of weeks, that thing, if I could swallow up to the size of a big marble. Not a little marble, but one of the big mothers. And it got sore as fuck. Oh my god, it was to everyone in my t-shirt, this was in college. I knew I'd get what was going on. I went to my doctor, I convinced myself I had cancer, my doctor said, I don't worry about it, it's not a big deal. Later on, I had to have that thing removed. Not once but twice. My blood pressure went through the river, remember I had to have a physical done for something sports, I don't remember. And I recall the doctor commenting how high my blood pressure was and that was awful for my age. I think I only weighed like 190 pounds or something. I had no idea what I was doing, I didn't even know what it was, just out of friend the game of two men said, here you want to take some steroids and he gave me a little ziplock baggy full of some pills and I took the pills and it was a bomb. I think maybe I took it for six weeks. But I ended up losing everything again. I got strong as fuck quickly and then I lost it all. I remember being in college and not being able to bench 225 and that was like putting two plates on each side was I was a big man on campus if I could get up to that and I was just stuck at 185 and I remember like two weeks. I went from bench and 185 for hand full reps up to 225 for reps. It was crazy. It's just like in a couple of weeks. I've been stuck at 185 for a year. I will never, ever use it again, especially at my age. I don't see an application for bodybuilding. There's better choices if you want to take an oral. I would, you know, anovar is a DHT derivatives as well and it is essentially a cleaned up version of anodrol. It is a better version without all the side effects. It's still liver toxic but not to the same degree and it is actually a stronger anabolic. Thank you for watching my video. Please like and subscribe. Feel free to ask questions and comment. I'm trying to get to stop off the ground and my main purpose is here to help people. Harm reduction. There's a lot of shitty information out there. I'm hoping to help people make better choices if they're going to take this stuff. You're going to take it regardless but maybe you can make better choices and help. Hopefully these will help keep you healthier and doing so. If they're other videos you'd like me to make, let me know. I'm happy to take suggestions and follow me on Instagram at polekbaranet. Thank you.

=== FILE: Anastrozole (Arimidex) Aromatase Inhibitor Profile - Anabolic Bodybuilding [5yH3V-XrpdM].txt ===

Remedax probably more commonly known in bodybuilding as a Nashr's, or at least that's what I hear it called. This is a Romeatase inhibitor, a class of anti-estrogen, probably the most commonly one used in bodybuilding for estrogen management. We're going to dig into it and talk about it a little bit. Before I get into it, please like the video, subscribe to my channel. I've put a lot of videos up and I've done many people subscribing. You're going to have to be watching but not many subscribe. If you think it's great, share it with other people and I'll keep cranking out more of these. It seems that people like these. I'm getting some good feedback about it but please like and subscribe. I appreciate it. Let's dig into a Nashr's, I'll a bit here. It is an oral anti-estrogen drug, anti-estrogen class of drug. It is a third generation oral aromatez inhibitor. Note, this is one thing, a total of all aromatez are all anti-estrogens into the same bucket. They're not, they're different. This is an aromatez inhibitor, not a serum. It blocks the aromatez enzyme which prevents the conversion of a conversion to a drug. It's originally developed as a breast cancer treatment as most of these class of drugs. Where breast cancer growth tend to be exacerbated by estrogen. Studies are shown that I have one milligram per day reduced estrogen by about 80%. This is not going to crush your estrogen the same way that lecturers all will but it's pretty strong. It was approved for human use in 1995 as an adjunct therapy for breast cancer treatment. At that time, the common treatment was using this with Tomoxifen. Now I believe it's lecturers all as they go to. In astrosol is still used some but an electrosol is more effective for what I understand. So, effective in astrosol, it blocks the aromatez enzyme from converting testosterone to estrogen or just the conversion of estrogen period. Reduce estrogen stimulated breast tissue growth and I take note for bodybuilding. This is important if you're susceptible to gyna estrogen, estrogen relating gyna can be a progesterone issue as well. But if you have issues with gyna from estrogen, this will prevent it from help prevented from happening. So as I mentioned before, it's used in conjunction with Tomoxifen studies actually show that when using to. Conjecture with Tomoxifen, it can cause a regression in breast growth. Now I will tell you once tissue and the hard tissue has formed and you let it go for too long. You can't get rid of it. You can reverse it to a certain degree if you catch it early. This is my experience if you let gyna go too long. You gotta get surgery. But if you catch it early, you can get rid of it. It seems that the lecture is more effective in nuking it than aromatezis. Aromatezis is not as harsh though. Side effects of an astrosol, hot flashes, joint pain, weakness, fatigue, decreased bone and mineral density, aka osteoporosis. Naja, in worsen lipids, it does suppress HDL, the good cholesterol. Make sure HDL goes down. So with that in mind, you have to find the sweet spot. Most people just throw darts of the wall and they take it. They have this fear of estrogen. The anestheson is good for muscle growth and for your overall health. It's going to help your cholesterol levels. It's going to help you grow. Keep your joints and your bones healthy. If you crush your estrogen too much, you're going to have issues. Now going into contests, we do want to, at the end, we do want to crush our estrogen to get that last time. It's a little bit of dryness. But that is, you know, we're in extremes. It's only for a few weeks. People in hypertrophy phases just get this pushes panic button. They think they're estrogen and the two high. And they don't even know. You've got to get your blood worked on. I last time I have my blood worked on to add in a estridial test. I think it was like 20 bucks, 15 bucks. It was super cheap. So instead of guessing, find out. And if you, I would say, if you in the offseason in size building phase, if you're not having side effects related to estrogen, you know, high blood pressure, you know, you're having issues with gyno, I wouldn't even take an aromattags inhibitor at all. Maybe just use something like to moxifen. That's my two cents, but, you know, just something to consider. I don't overuse the remedies and temperatures. You're going to call yourself longterm health problems. If you do, you want your estrogen in that sweet spot. Keep it at normal healthy levels. Don't completely crush it. You're around. You're going to have problems. I know you want to look dry year around, but it's just not healthy. Bodybuilding uses for a nashri's all. It's pretty straightforward. It's used to come back high estrogen levels. I personally get really high estrogen levels. It's almost a must for me at most points. It's also used to prevent or shrink gyno, as we mentioned. Combat estrogen related bloating. It's good. Good. Great for hardening up for context prep. Like if you're that last little bit. And you need to get that last little bit of fat off. You need to pull some additional water off. That comes from using testosterone. You know, you push it up at the end of context prep. As I mentioned before, a few weeks is not going to kill you. Keeping high doses of around. Inhibitors year round it's going to be bad for your longterm health. So I'm going to kill you in the long run, but. Right. I mean, the short run, but in the long run you're going to end up having blocked arteries. From your cholesterol, being all fucked up. Um, and Ashens all's half life, 40 to 50 hours. So really, you only need to dose it every other day if you're doing it in, um, you know, the off season, you know, contest prep. Um, and that last couple of weeks, you can do it every day. Um, that's typically what I see people doing. I'm going to when, when, when, when, when, when, when, every day. Uh, doses, uh, you know, I, I hate to say beginner and media intermediate and advanced. It really should be based on what your estrogen levels are and what is necessary to get you to the point where you need to be. Um, a beginner, I would say a half a milligrams every other day. If you're estrogen's just a tad overwards, where it should be, maybe you're getting a little puffiness and nipples, things like that, half a milligrams every other day. I would start with there. It also is dependent upon your dose of testosterone too. So the higher your dose of testosterone is the more you're going to need to counteract the, uh, the conversion, um, you know, so if I see a lot of guys on T RT taking, um, um, uh, a river decks. I just don't think that in most cases it's necessary. Uh, but, you know, certainly you could test your hormone levels to see, um, I was recently talking to a guy that was taking 1 milligrams every other day. I want 150 milligrams of a test, testosterone for T RT. We can he, I totally, I totally, we get his, he said, he said, like shit, totally, get his extra dial levels checked and he, they came back at almost zero. No wonder, it's just too fucking much. I can't believe a doctor told him to do this shit and didn't check it. Unfuckably, but most, you know, a lot of doctors are idiots. I'll just say that, um, advanced dose of what I mean by advanced. This is like contest prep. You're taking a gram of tests. You need to fucking crush everything down, um, you know, 1 milligrams each day. Uh, that, that's honestly that should be the maximum dose you ever take of this shit. If you need something, um, you know, you get out the nuclear bomb, which is letrasal. I mean, letrasal is going to completely shut your test. I was, or your estrogen down. Um, I would say premenopause of women should avoid this. Uh, I, I know a women using it in contest prep. Um, you know, I'm not saying, don't, but I would just think it's pretty terrible for your long-term health, especially if you want to have kids. If you want to not have iced tea of process when you're older, um, it's probably awful for women to use more than just at the last couple of bits of of, of contest prep. You know, obviously, if you're, if you're fighting with press cancer, it's a different situation. There are trade-offs, um, you know, a little bit of osteoporosis, but better than fucking dying of cancer. Um, but once again, it's always a scale with these things, you know, what, what the desired outcome, if, if it's worth the cost, not dying of cancer is worth the cost. Um, my experience, like I said, my estrogen always runs high, like crazy high. I've had, I've had it up like 1, 80, 200 before. Uh, I don't know why I'm such a heavy converter. Even when I'm lean, I, I, I seem to have a romanticized heavily. Um, my experience with an astras, uh, I don't get a lot of side effects with it. Um, it will make me feel a little with magic. Um, but it does bring my estrogen down without feeling like shit. Letters all makes me feel like I got hit by God, they're a mac truck. I heat fucking letters all. Um, it is effective. Um, great for drying out for the last couple of weeks of, of contest prep. But I prefer XMS day or, or if I need to go something a little more powerful, an astras all or just using to mock if and by itself, if I can get away with it. Um, it's easier, it definitely easier my body than letters all. So it doesn't negatively affect my cholesterol if I push it too hard. Um, if I keep my really the cholesterol, I have noticed is not so much how much of this I'm taking, but where am I astro dial levels are, are at. If I'm in a good range, a good healthy range, my cholesterol stays healthy. Um, very minimal sides for me. Um, I don't run an AI in the off season unless I need one. A lot of times I'll just have to mock. And I've had so much trouble with going to come assy over the years, even after having surgery. I know I had some asshole message me saying, you can't get kind of again after your head surgery. Wrong dude. I had it. Maybe my surgeon sucked. I don't know. But, um, so don't think that you're, you can't get kind of again after you've had surgery. I did twice. Um, one million grand per day really drows me out and pushes my estradile now. I'm pretty low. So just keep that in mind. Um, and an important note here, super important note, it does not work with non-a-run statistics steroids. Some people say anti estrogen, I'm going to stop estrogen. So I, you know, for example, anodrol has some sort of direct effect on the estrogen receptor. But yet it doesn't aromatize. It's not going to do shit for you if you're taking anodrol in your trying to combat. I got a guy on the first time using anodrol. So it's not going to help you with training either. Okay. I'm not going to train this on a aromatize. So it's not going to do fuck all for you with training if you get gyna from training. So just keep that in mind. You're trying to stop gyna with, with, with, train or anodrol and you're taking anodrol. You're wasting your time. Thank you for watching my video. Please like and subscribe as I mentioned before. I'm going to keep pounding that hole. I'm trying to build this channel up. And feel free to ask questions in the comments section. I love answering questions. I like helping people. Why are these going to do this is harm reduction? I think people don't know what the fuck they're doing and I'm doing more damage. Hopefully a little bit of information will help you be safer with this stuff. If there are other videos on PDG, would like me to make. Please let me know and follow me on Instagram and Paul K Barnett. Have a great day.

=== FILE: Anavar (Oxandrolone) Steroid Profile - Anabolic Bodybuilding [NhGYs0FVHkE].txt ===

And of our ox andreloin, so today we're going to take a look at Annavar. There's a lot of mystique surrounding Annavar. Some of it more into some of it not. It's very popular with female competitors. Who are kind of dipping their toe into the steroid pool seem to be interested in Annavar. But we'll take a look at it. So today's the Annavar steroid profile. Let's take a look here. So properties of Annavar. It is structurally an altered form of DHT dihydro testosterone. There's an added oxygen atom replacing the carbon to the a ring. That modification makes it a very strong anabolic. So it has a strong anabolic to an energetic ratio. Also a modification at the 17th carbon position by adding a adding of a methyl group of making it a C-17 AA anabolic steroid. So it can be administered orally. This also makes it somewhat liver toxic. But Annavar is pretty mild compared to other orals. As I mentioned, it has a very low intergenic properties as compared to testosterone. And look at it. The endogenic rating is a 24 anabolic rating can range from 32 to 630. So it is significantly the endogen to anabolic ratio is significantly more than other other steroids you're looking at anywhere from 10 to 30 times anabolic properties versus anabolic properties. Which makes it attractive for women to use. There are no estrogenic effects or measurable projects in effects. It promotes lean tissue growth primarily to the endogenic effects of very, very mild. And it's relatively mild for an oral, although no oral is completely harmless to the liver. It increased, so the effects of Annavar increased protein synthesis like other steroids increased nitrogen retention just like other steroids. It has been shown to decreased sex hormone binding globular, SHBB, SHGB sorry, freeing up your testosterone to work more effectively. Increased IGF one production increased red blood cell counts. So to make your hemoglobin and hematocrit go up, I haven't seen any significant impact on it. But reduces thyroid binding, globular, and there is some belief that that may help with fat burning. And there also is anecdotal, bleak, evidence, you know, experience-wise that Annavar does aid in my sister a little bit. I haven't seen any dramatic effect, but you know, it does seem to harden your up-to-add. Inhibition of glucocorticoids like cortisol. So what would this be good for when you stress out the most, which is in contest prep. Your body is under a lot of de-ress during contest prep, so this would make it a somewhat ideal condition to your contest prep sec. Very strong antibiotic action, although that to me I haven't seen that translate directly into large muscle gain. Side effects of Annavar, as I mentioned, it's very mild compared to other antibiotics. It's probably a good training wheels steroid because of it if you just want to dip your toe in the pool and you're chicken-shitting to want to take a shot. You can start off with Annavar. Cannot aid rib-botsalke on an antibiotic rate, like I said, I haven't really seen it. It affects, of course, this affects different people. I don't have a dramatic response to that, like some other people do. I've taken pretty high doses of stuff in my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, I've taken ridiculously high. There are low risk of antigenic side effects, but ladies, they do exist. If you run high enough doses, you take it long enough. It will masculine, is I, is you masculine, why can I say that fucking word? Mascillization, it will masculineize you. It can cause body hair growth, baldness, BPH, acne. One of these things I'm going to say that fucking word, right? It does suppress HDL significantly. So it will fuck your lipids up. I have definitely noticed it on my blood work that my, my cholesterol gets messed up when I, when I'm on, and I'm on, and I'm like, it's not without side effects. You know, so if you're concerned about cardiovascular health, that's something to consider. It will mildly suppress natural testosterone production. I just read something about it recently. I can't remember what it was. It was a study done over an eight week period. And it was all, it was pretty mild. It was something like a 30% suppression. Don't quote me on that. You know, if, if I'm wrong about that, don't ribbing, but you can probably find the study yourself online. But it was pretty mild. So it won't completely shut off your testosterone production. One of short cycle probably over the long duration and high doses. Well, because it is C 17 alpha-aculated, it can be liver toxic at higher doses. There's a study I found where it said that they did, this was, I think it was pretty old, but they tested it on a group set 20 milligrams. There was no liver toxicity at 20 milligrams doses or less at 40 milligrams. At 40 milligrams per day, it produced a 30 to 40% increase in liver enzymes across the test group. At 80 milligrams per day, it caused an 80% increase in liver enzymes. So pretty significant at that dose. I would not drink an excess or take Tylenol while you're on it. It's probably just asking for trouble. You're going to put even more stress on your liver. Tylenol is pretty nasty for your liver. In case you don't know, I had a friend of mine go and do complete liver failure from taking Tylenol. He was taking Tylenol to recover from hangovers and the combination of Tylenol and alcohol, put in complete liver failure. He wasn't even like a crazy, heavy drinker. I don't know what the dose of Tylenol he was taking, but it fucked him up. So be aware with Tylenol of the impact that can have when you're liver. Applications for animals are great for fat loss phases. It can say before it seems to be ideally suited for contests, probably the last phase of contests prep. You know, because you have the increased nitrogen retention, no estrogenic sides, so it'll keep you nice and dry. So, it's a S-H-B-G, which can be rising your S-H-B-G can be a problem in contests prep. So, precious court is all court is all of its elevated as you get deeper in the contests prep, so that's also very beneficial. You know, as I mentioned before, any total evidence that it does cause some fat, additional fat burning. Like I said, I haven't seen any significant difference, but you know, some people claim that it does. And, you know, predisposal retention and a caloric deficit that in trend both do. I think trends are more effective at it. It can be used in hypertrophy phases, but I don't know, I know some people love it. I've tried it before and I saw little to no difference, but you know, you can, you can, it will be your strength to go up. Half life of the animal. It has a 9 to 13 hour half life, depending, you know, there's a lot of things that can factor in how long it takes to metabolize it, which you eat. You just do general overall body chemistry, what it can affect it, but so, also I've read studies that age seems to impact the half life too. But if you want to keep a nice, even levels of it in your system, you probably want to take it twice a day, morning and evening. Cyclocin doses, typical doses of seeing guys take 20 to 30 milligrams per day. It's kind of a beginner dose, intermediate dose, 40 to 50 milligrams per day, advanced dose, 50 milligrams per day. I don't know what to do, but it was taken 200, I don't know how to fuck you afford it. I don't know why you would take 200 milligrams of an oral, with all that stress you're putting when you're living, better off taking an injectable, but it seems like a poor choice, but people do stupid things when it comes to steroids. Female doses, beginner dose, please don't quote me on the female doses. Not biting means the expert on what women take, but this is what I've heard. Five to ten milligrams kind of the training wheels dose for women. Intermediate doses like you have your local competitor that's doing a bikini contest at the local show, up to 30 milligrams. I've heard of some pros of her rumors of some pro bikini and physique competitors taking 30 plus milligrams, 50 plus milligrams, got only knows what, but I've heard of that. I've never actually spoken to anybody that has, so you know, take that with a grain of salt. My personal experiences with antivari, if I'm going to take an oral, it's my favorite oral. I'm not a big fan of orals in general, they just fucked my stomach up, I lose my appetite. I say for the last part of contest prep and that would be it, but I'm just like, I'm not a particular fan of orals. I think you're putting on do stress on your system and just put a needle on your ass and not have to deal with that and you'll probably get better results. I don't know how you can get big if you're stomach upset and you can't eat, so it may be effective at putting size on, but it gives me diarrhea. I'll be honest with you, if I take too much of it. Moderate side effects, you know, I haven't experienced any crazy side effects. I've most of ever taken 50 milligrams per day. 50 milligrams did elevate when I took a bite self did elevate by liver enzymes slightly. It wasn't anything crazy. It was probably at 90% range that they were talking about. When combined with 50 milligrams of wind straw in my last contest prep, my liver enzymes were destroyed. So I will not do that again. I will take lower doses or any shorter duration and also use some liver support with it. I've never had trouble with liver enzymes before, so this was the first for me. Like, significant trouble. So next time I will use liver support, probably take a lower dose. And if I does upset my stomach, I've heard people report that. I have to eat it with food. If I take it with an empty stomach, I am in trouble. It does suppress my appetite. All oral seem to suppress my appetite, which when you're in a hypertrophy phase is it disadvantage. You don't want to suppress the appetite. I was always my big complaint with anodrol. I know people love anodrol for size and strength, but I don't want to eat when it takes anodrol. I don't know why you would consider that a good choice if you're not eating and you're trying to put size on. If you're in contest prep in your suppressing your appetite, it's probably a good thing, right? It does harden me up. I will say that. I don't want to be hard to get a drier, a vain ear look within a couple weeks of starting up. It definitely makes me look good. I'm moving forward. I would only use it for, I just don't see it benefit in hypertrophy phases because of what it caused me to stomach. I can use things less tacking to my system. I would only use it moving forward. This is really up to you, but for me personally, I'm only going to use it moving forward for contest prep and in probably the last six to eight weeks. I will be more conservative when using it with a wind straw. Obviously, from my reasoning experience, I'd deal with it. Really, it shouldn't be used in combination with other roles. If you're in a hypertrophy phase and you're taking this with debaul or anodrol, you're fucking crazy. I'm also valpitate in increased liver values or less than an ideal environment for growth. I mean, I just don't understand why people think you're going to grow if you're sick. You know, definitely more drugs work, but if you push the drugs so high you're sick, you're not going to want to train hard, you're not going to want to eat. That's not an ideal environment for growth. So you have to walk the line when it comes to this stuff. One thing I want to add in, I forgot to mention earlier. I'm going to edit this into the video. Anavar is probably outside of the prima bull in the most fake antibiotics. There is a women be careful. I've seen that most UGL, Anavar is actually debaul, sometimes it's even anodrol. So guys probably don't really care, but just, you know, be cautious that the UGL and I'm aware that you're getting it's probably not real. Good, good chunk of it. Usually the you, your pan pharmaceutical grade stuff is real or most of it tends to be. I've also found that anything more than 10 milligrams pills tends to be fake. It's 15 milligrams pills, at least everyone I've ever tested has been faked. You know, so just something to keep in mind when getting out of our. If you like my video, please subscribe to my channel and try to get this thing off the ground. I don't know what I'm doing with it. I have no long-term goal other than just helping people out. There's a lot of shitty information out there. I'm not saying I'm the be all-in-all, but hopefully the information I provide is at least decent and accurate. If I'm not accurate on anything, please let me know. I want to know. Feel free to ask questions in the comment section. I'm happy to answer questions and take suggestions for other videos you like me to do. And follow me on Instagram at Paul K Barnett. Have a great day.

=== FILE: Androgenic to Anabolic Ratios ⧸ Ratings Explained - Anabolic Bodybuilding [-72WOmRpHzM].txt ===

Androgynich to anabolic ratios explained this was a request. I had to use it commented on I'd finalized it anyway so I needed some fodder for videos so figured I'd dig into it a little bit. So you know we'll talk about the ratios and ratings for anabolic to an energetic and energetic to anabolic properties. Before I do that please take the time to like my video subscribe to my channel. Got a lot of people watching videos not a lot of subscribers. So I would really appreciate it if you subscribe to my motivates me to make more videos. And if you want to keep up, let's go on with me. You can follow me on Instagram at Paul K Barnets. All right. So let's dig into this. So first things first, D.D. I understand with energetic properties and anabolic properties are so. Androgynich is the masculinization effects of a, of a steroid body hair growth, deep invoices, development, sex organs, aggression, libido, et cetera. Those are all things that are, and, and, and, and, and large amount of prostate things like that, there's are all things that would be considered an energetic properties. Andabolic properties are, you know, at a high level, the muscle building nature of, of the, uh, steroid, you know, dig a little bit deeper into it. It does, you know, a little bit more increased protein, synthesis, improved body composition. Um, increased bone remodeling, increased muscle and, uh, anapolism. Um, so, establish that, well, well, you know, we'll dig into how these ratings are, are, how they're figured out. Um, so determining the anabolic, or energetic anabolic ratio, um, the method uses called the, uh, herchberger bio essay, the method compares the relative weights of the eventual prostate and the leveter, any muscle of a male rat. So really what you're doing is comparing prostate tissue growth to muscle growth. All right. Um, the, the prostate growth is an indicator of the endroginic effect of the steroid, the muscle weight growth is an indicator of the anabolic effect of the steroid. Um, in this testing method, it's been used for 50s or is it, you know, it is considered the established method, um, for evaluating these things, the control group of male rats are castrated and given, um, no anabolic steroid treatment. The test group are also castrated, but they are given anabolic, um, anrogenic steroid, um, the substance that's being evaluated, you know, so they can compare the two. The prostate, to muscle ratio for an a a a a s is calculated as the, um, ratio of the prostate growth versus the muscle growth, um, that the tested steroid produced, um, untreated rats are the baseline for the steroid. Um, when, for the math for the ratios test, theosterone is, is considered the base, um, you know, that all others are, are evaluated off of. So they, the testosterone has a one to one ratio and practicality testosterone does not exactly have a one to one ratio, but that's what it's, what is used to evaluate the other, um, substances, um, their scale to testosterone. So let's take a look at some common ratings that we have here, um, testosterone, as I said, one to one, um, Debal, um, has an anrogenic rating of 40 to 60 in anabolic radio of 92 to 10. There's variability in, in both equipoies is 50 and 100. Halo is 850 to 1900. Holy shit. Nanhalo is 37 to 125. Trin is 500 to 500. Uh, meant is 650 to 2300. Holy crap. Uh, Previron is 30 to 50 to 150 to 150. When starls 30 to 320, um, Annover is 24 to 32 to 630 per bowl and is 57 to 88. And it draws 45 to 320. So it sounds like everybody should be taking Halo and meant right. Uh, if only that was true. You know, these, I don't, I don't read too much into these numbers. I'll be honest with you. Um, if you, they, they, they, what, what, what shows up and rats is not working in practicality and humans, you know, according to these numbers, um, Proviron is more anabolic than Nandrolone. And we all know that's an outtrue. Nandrolone actually doesn't have that high of an anabolic rating. Compared to the task, but uh, I find it to be one of the best, um, AAS is for, for muscle growth. It just is. I use this as a guide post and nothing more. I mean, Trin has a rating of 500 and 500, you know, in theory it's five times more powerful and test. It is pretty powerful. So I just don't put a lot of, don't read into these numbers too much. Don't, I would go with practical experience on these things. You know, like I said, their guide post, but I, what happens in real life is not what these, these things indicate. The ratings also don't account for the unique effects of the drugs, like you know, some might have suppression of cortisol, you know, you know, the collagen growth with, with with, uh, with, uh, with, uh, with, uh, Nandrolone that you don't get with others other, they're, they're just, there's just stuff that that doesn't factor in it. It, it's an over the over some complications. I'll be honest with you. I find it to honestly be useless. So I wouldn't read too much into those ratings. Um, people people get a bone or forearm and I, I think you're just kind of wasting your time, um, getting too focused on them. Anyway, that's my two cents. Take that for a while. It's worth hopefully you found this helpful. Please, once again, please like and subscribe. If you have other videos you'd like me to make, I'm happy to do so. Um, you know, make suggestions if you have any questions about this, please let me know. Um, anyway, thank you for watching.

=== FILE: Anti-Estrogen Basics for Bodybuilding - Anabolic Bodybuilding [XtP8SClPCiI].txt ===

anti-assurgyans for bodybuilding. I'm going to do a whole series of videos on the various types of anti-assurgyans how they are deployed in bodybuilding. This seems to be one that a lot of bros get confused on and just fuck up in general. They don't understand how anti-assurgyans work. They don't apply them correctly and they don't understand the health ramifications of incorrect anti-assurgyans use. As I mentioned in my other videos, my number one objective here is harm reduction. Anti-assurgyans are necessary at times in bodybuilding. I have to use them. I have lots of trouble with estrogen. Some people don't. I'll talk about when you need to use it when you don't. I'll get it in more detail on the other videos. But this is just kind of like a high-level overview of what the different types of anti-assurgyans are that are used to bodybuilding and when we apply them. Before I get started, please like my video, subscribe to my channel. I get a lot of people watching the videos, not a lot of people subscribing. I'd really appreciate it if you subscribe to share my videos. If you like them, a lot of people like it subscribe to crank out more of this stuff. It's so far it seems like people are enjoying the information. Anyway, let's dig into anti-assurgyans. Bodybuilding uses for anti-assurgyans. It's primarily used to combat high-assurgyan levels. They're best used with steroids that heavily converted to estrogen tests, etc. I have had issues with estrogen even without using steroids. I had gynaub before I ever even touched an antibiotic steroid. It's not always an issue with just people using AAAS. It can happen naturally. The crazy thing to me is that doctors don't seem to know about it and don't prescribe it for young men that have gynacomasia issues. It just blows my fucking mind. Anyway, that's a rant for another day. The primary, you know, beyond that, primary use in bodybuilding is to prevent or shrink bird-existing gynaub. A caveat to that, if gynaub has progressed to the point that you have a massive hard lump, a lot of times surgery is the only option to get rid of that. Small lumps probably, pea size, or maybe marble size or smaller, you can get rid of without surgery. If you use the right anti-assurgyans, I have another video up on how to get rid of gynaub without surgery. There are also used to combat estrogen related bloating. And on contest prep, when you're near the end and you really need to dry out, guys will deliberately crush their estrogen. Not the best for your health long term. Really, you can fuck up your lipids. But, you know, a couple weeks, not the end of the world, doing it year round. It has a cumulative effect. We'll mess you up in the long run. But, you know, you need to get that last little bit of estrogenic fat off in contest prep. You need to get some water off, you know, crushing estrogen towards the end of contest prep can be beneficial. You know, there's a general use as we see in bodybuilding. This is why word guys just get thoroughly confused. And while all anti-assurgyans into the same category, they are not the same. Primarily in bodybuilding, we see two classes of anti-assurgyans in use, which are aromatees inhibitors in serums, selective estrogen receptor modulators. So let's look at aromatees inhibitors first. First of all, need to explain what aromatees is. I don't want to assume that people even know what aromatees is. This is taken directly from medicine.net. It's their definition. It aromatees, it's an enzyme involved in the production of estrogen that acts by catalyzing the conversion of testosterone and angrogen. Hopefully, you know that. To estrodyal and estrogen. So, you know, that too aromatees is located in the estrogen producing cells in the adrenal glands, ovaries, placenta, testicles, adipose tissue fat. I want to make a point about that. The fat are you are the more test you convert to estrogen. So dudes, when you're 30% body fat, you should not probably be taking a shit ton of estosterone and a large chunk of it's going to convert to estrogen. Just saying in the brain, taking from medicine.net. So now that we understand that aromatees inhibitors, obviously, are going to inhibit the aromatees enzyme, which prevents the conversion of steroid hormones, testosterone to estrogen. And the different classes are the different types of aromatees inhibitors have different effects and different strengths with letharousol being the nuclear bomb of aromatees inhibitors. I'm going to do profile videos on all the aromatees inhibitors that I see used in bodybuilding, which is pretty much an ashesol letharousol and exomestame. I'll have those up, so I'm not going to get any detail on those, but if you want more detail on how each works, I will have those up. Serum selective estrogen receptor modulators they work completely different than, than aromatees inhibitors do. Serums selectively bind with the estrogen receptor in the breast tissue while leaving other estrogen receptors alone. So a certain will occupy the estrogen receptor in your man boobs and prevent estrogen from interacting it with it while leaving other estrogen receptors alone. Why is that important that it's leaving others alone because serums don't fuck up other things that AI is do such as your cholesterol. So, estrogen is important for keeping your lipets and balance, bone density, keeping it from getting osteoporosis or joint health. Anybody who's crushed the estrogen knows that your joints feel awful. So, you know, that is an advantage of using serums sometimes aren't enough, you know, if you're trying to get rid of blood. The other estrogen's base side effects, it's not going to do it, but if you're just purely looking out for gyna, using a serum might be the better choice. Common serums that we see in bodybuilding, unless people use tobacco, hopefully people aren't using clomet anymore, clomethm, etc. So, if you're looking at a fucking garbage, or lots of fun, I've never used a toarm machine. I've heard good things about it, I've never tried it either, but to my sense, it seems to be the most commonly used. It's also the most commonly one that's prescribed for breast cancer treatment. Application, so when to use each, kind of talk about it a little bit, but rummeteze inhibitors, if you have excessive estrogen levels, like super high estrogen levels, and you need to bring this puppies down, rummeteze inhibitors are probably your, your go to here. My estrogen levels go through the fucking roof, even when I'm not on anything. I don't know why my body just likes to make estrogen, even when I'm lean. It doesn't matter, my body, my estrogen levels are always high. I just recently had blood work done when I was cruising up 200 milligrams of tests for TRT. My estrogen levels were twice what they should be. So for someone like me and anti-estrogated is important, get your blood work done, don't guess. Make sure you find out if you actually need it, a lot of guys use it and don't need it. You know, it can, if all your testosterone is converting to estrogen, then your testosterone is less effective. It can make your testosterone more effective. Keep in mind, the rheumatase inhibitors, this is very important. Do not work with not a rheumatizing hormones, okay? So if you're watching in my other videos, we know that anodraught has a direct effect on the estrogen receptor, but it does not a rheumatize, okay? Does not a rheumatize. If it doesn't a rheumatize, guess what? rheumatase inhibitors aren't going to help. So if you get gyna from anodraught, I have a rheumatase inhibitors and I could help you. Trin, it's another example. Trin doesn't aromatize, but it has a progestinic effect, and can cause issues with progesterone-based gynachamacia. You know, if you don't have issues with gyna, you don't need a serum. I mean, it's suppose that. I don't know. I see like guys, if you don't have gyna issues that take serum, you don't need it. It's just blocking the estrogen receptor in the breast tissue, and if you don't have issues with that, then I don't know why you need it. It's, you know, my opinion. It is a good option for men who are sensitive to gyna, but have that aromatase inhibitors crush their lipids. Since the serum's do not bind with the liver, it doesn't fuck up your cholesterol level, so it's a good effect. There's been some evidence that it actually improves. Also, I'll help fold with non-aromatizing hormones like anodoro. Talk about earlier. I don't think it has any effect with trin though. I have to, you know, fold disclosure. We have to talk about aromatase inhibitor risk. You know, they do carry some risk. Once again, this is relative to what your estrogen levels are. But if you completely, if you use aromatase inhibitors and you completely crush your estrogen, it could cause these are long term side effects. These are short term. You know, doing a few weeks before contests prep, I'm not going to have long term damage on you. It's like going out and getting hammered one night a year. Probably not going to kill you. But if you do it every night, you know, get drunk off your ass every night. It's going to have a cumulative effect and you're going to probably die from from alcohol related issues. So, if you're taking, crushing your estrogen over the long term, the risk that you could have bone-menomeral degradation. Long term, I see a process. You know, you can end up being a guy with osteoporosis. Just doesn't happen to men usually. But you don't want to be in that situation, especially not when you're lifting heavy weights. You don't want weak and fragile bones. Where's the lipids we talked about that already? You know, over the long term, you could cause plaque build up in your arteries and you're not having a heart attack or a stroke. I'm joined in connective tissue health. Your estrogen is important to join in connective tissue health. Anybody who's crushing estrogen in contests prep or is taking letters all that you know what I'm talking about. Your joints start feeling creaky. They hurt. Another side effect. A lot of people don't talk about it. If you completely crush your estrogen, you lose all your sex drive. You don't want to fuck. And you can end up with a rectal dysfunction as well. I'm going to do a whole video about that at some point to the very complex, stupid things that need to happen to make that area work. So, the more all the story with, I don't want to scare you away from a rheumatoid inhibitors. They are an esoteric surgeon. They're necessary for me. But you need to find the sweet spot when using it. Don't use them near around when heavy doses are completely crush your estrogen just because you want to look ripped and lean all year around. You're going to end up having a heart attack or stroke probably. If you're crushing your lipids around, you're going to have problems when you're in your late 40s or early 50s. So, find the sweet spot. Get your blood worked on. I mentioned it already. And I'm talking about it in other videos. I think I added an ester dial test to my recent blood weight. It was like $15. It's nothing compared to what people spend on. You spend more than that on chicken. If you're not having a gastrodiol, it actually makes an educated decision when it comes to dosing. If your ester dial is in line, you're not having gyno-comastios symptoms, then you don't need it. Don't take shit. You don't need it. That's going to preserve your long-term health and give you better results in the gym. The least amount possible is always the best. So, find the sweet spot. If you do need it, in my case, my estrogen was twice what it should have been on TRT. Obviously, I need something to bring that in line. So, I use a little bit and start off with a low dose. Retested a few weeks and see where I'm at to get myself in a spot where it's manageable and good for my health. I talked to Guy at the gym recently. He was telling me he is doctorating taking 1 mg of an astrosal every fricking day on TRT. What the fuck? He said, you said, you said, how you had no sex drugs and he said, he fell off all of it. I'm like, well, that's why. I told him to get his blood work done and he came back and told me that his estrogen was zero. But what do you feel like shit? I just blows my mind that a doctor wouldn't test that. But a lot of doctors are idiots. Anyway, this is beside the point. Thank you for watching my video. Please like and subscribe. We get a lot of people watching my videos. Not many people subscribing. Feel free to ask questions in the comments section. If there are other videos you would like me to make, I'd be happy to do so. It's all in my own Instagram, Apple. Okay. Barnett. Thank you.

=== FILE: Aromatase Explained - How Test Converts to Estrogen - Anabolic Bodybuilding [-HzN8-f1o8Y].txt ===

I'm understanding a room of taste. We're taking a look today at a room of taste. I'm doing a bunch of videos on anti-assurgyns and most of them are a room of taste inhibitors. And I would say that it's important to understand what you're actually inhibiting. I see you can properly apply the drug and use it correctly. I think a lot of guys in bodybuilding are not using a room of taste inhibitors correctly. They don't know when to use them, how to use them, and even understand how a room of taste works. But let's dig into a little bit a room of taste. How Andrew Gyms are converted to estrogen. Before I do that, please subscribe to my channel. I get a lot of people watching my videos. Not a lot of people subscribing. I really appreciate it if you subscribe. My intentions to keep making these videos. But if there's a motivation to do so, I need people to subscribe. Also like the video, share with other people if you find it information helpful. If you have anything else that you want me to make videos, please let me know. Follow me at on Instagram to a poll-k bar or not. I'll give you the heads up when the stuff's coming out. Okay, so a room of taste. What is a room of taste? It is a enzyme that is responsible for a key step in the bio synthesis of astrogens. Bodybuilding. There's many hormones that there are antibiotic-entrogenic steroids that we use that are We have testosterone. Testosterone converts roughly into 20% Keep in mind that's an average. It can be more. It can be less depending on your genetics. Body fat percentage. It is responsible for the conversion of angiogen into estrogen. That is the process called aromatization. You'll hear that mentioned in bodybuilding from time to time. Aromatize enzyme in the men is primarily found in adipose tissue. It's made of other places in the brain. The gonads as well. But primarily in adipose tissue. So the fat are you are the more aromatase you make. Which means the more you're going to aromatize steroids that convert into estrogen. So consider that when making your choices of a a assisted employee. If you're 30% of body fat, you probably don't want to be taken a bunch of testosterone. It also transforms and are seen dion into estron and testosterone into estrodiologist. You know the different types of estrogens. Aromatize though, you know, so here's the thing. You don't want to completely crush your estrogens. It's a fine balance. Aromatize does play. It's important to help aromatize and estrogen are neuroprotective. And long term aromatase inhibitor abuse can lead to things such as neuropathy, nerve damage. It can also lead to, you know, there's other things they protect to bone health. You know, a subestrogen is necessary for bone health. You know, you can end up having osteoporosis if you don't have enough estrogen. Also, excessive estrodiologist aromatase suppression. And indirectly through the reduction of estrogen causes lipid issues. You end up crushing your cholesterol. And which short term. No big deal if you're just doing it for a couple weeks for contests prep. Not the end of the world, but if you completely crush your estrogen for years after year. You can end up having plaque build up in your arteries and have a heart attack or stroke as a result. There's other things to mention too, but, you know, those are the key things we're worried about with body building health. Neurological damage, you know, brain damage, numbness in your hands, numbness in your feet. Any up, us your process alone to have an heart attack or stroke, those are big deal. Now, it's not to say that it's super dangerous to do this, but you want to properly apply the drug. A lot of, a lot of guys end up using aromatase inhibitors when they aren't necessary. And that comes in from doing blood work. Do your blood work, find out where you're at. And, you know, find out if you truly need it. Also, if you're with symptoms, if you're not exhibiting symptoms of issues with estrogen, you know, such as gynacomascia, which is the main thing we're concerned about in body building. Especially the off season, who cares if you're blowing it up some, but don't worry about depression or estrogen. There are diseases that cause issues with aromatase. There is excess aromatase syndrome where some people just make too much aromatase. I wonder sometimes about myself if I don't have something similar. Although a lot of these guys that have that end up with stonigroth and full blown breast tissue. But I had gyna as a teenager before I ever even used anything. I hadn't touched a thing. And I had gyna when I was a teenager. And anytime I get my estrogen checked, it is through the root. I mean, there's been times it's been in the hundreds without even being on anything. It's nuts. And probably explains my, you know, I've had lots of issues with gynacomascia over the years. And I suspect other guys do too. There's also aromatase deficiency syndrome where people just don't make aromatase. You know, I hear these guys that can take tons and tons and tons of testosterone. Two, three grams testosterone. And their estrogen levels never get high. I suspect that they have the genetic mutation that allows them to get away with that. You'll see it sometimes in women that are mescalized where women will have beard, facial hair. You know, male characteristics. And it's often from aromatase deficiency syndrome, not always, but it can be. Considerations for cycles. I kind of briefly touched on this earlier, but. If you're fat, you know, if your body fat percentage is really high, you probably don't want to be loading up on a ton of aromatizable compounds. And don't be taking two grams of test week, you're just going to end up converting most of it or a large chunk of it's a third of it into estrogen. You're going to have a huge estrogen bomb and then you have to use heavy amounts of aromatase inhibitors to counteract it. And those come with their own rest to you know, more drugs to counteract the drugs you're taking. You should always try to use the least amount possible. I do this for harm reduction. This is why I put these videos out to try to help people to make good choices. You know, so always the. You guys take. Take drug A and then need drug B to manage the side effects for that and then need drug C to manage the side effects from that one. So it's it's just a cascade of bullshit that you get yourself into. So the the least amount of drugs you can use or always the best. So if you know that you are aromatized heavily. Don't take a ton ton of aromatizing hormones, you know, if you're high body fat. Stick with the dry compounds. And news lower doses of test, you know, you want some tests in your system for sexual function and just, you know, to get. You know, some of the masculinization benefits that men need from test, but you don't have to take a ton. So if you're going to have to take a ton of tests for 50 milligrams to 200 milligrams per week. You should survive at T RT levels and then throw something on top of it like premo bowling. Something that doesn't aromatize. If you don't aromatize by all means taking advantage of it, you know, load up. The old saying test is best. I don't know if I agree with that necessarily, but if you can get away with taking a ton of tests and not have estrogen issues. You know, just be careful with the other side effects, but you know, it's all individual. That's how a lot of the stuff is just because person your favorite pro bodybuilder says he takes this. These compounds doesn't mean you can get away with the same thing. You don't have histinetics. You don't have his makeup. And you also don't know if he's telling the truth either. Well, these guys are full of shit. So make your own decisions based on your health. Get blood worked on. No if you truly need it. And go from there. Hopefully this is helpful. Thank you for watching my video. Please like and subscribe. I know I keep saying that's really appreciated. If you subscribe, feel free to ask questions. I'm happy to answer any questions you have. You know, I have a Facebook. I have a Facebook page as well. You know, group or I'm kind of going to do Q and A's on there. And if there's other videos you want me to make on topics and open suggestions. And follow me on Instagram at Paul Cave Barnett. Thank you.

=== FILE: Aromatase Inhibitor (AI) Side Effects - Anabolic Bodybuilding [-FgYHdxthJw].txt ===

I wanted to do a quick video on actual studies and research about the side effects of aromatase and inhibitors and health consequences. As I mentioned in other videos, my primary objective with this channel is harm reduction. A lot of young guys are going to do this stuff regardless of what the health consequences are. But hopefully I can help people mitigate some of that with information. I do think a lot of bodybuilders overuse and abuse and aromatase inhibitors. They don't hit people worried about the side effects of AAS use, but don't consider the side effects of the Encelerate Drug use. And aromatase inhibitors can have some nasty long-term side effects that guys don't consider. So a lot of these things are not going to affect you in the short term. But if you're crushing aromatase inhibitors year-round, year after year, decade after decade to keep yourself that hard lean look, you might end up having some problems down the road. I have two short excerpts from some studies and research I found through PubMed and the USA Pharmacist Association that talks about it. One thing, I don't know why guys don't consider using XMSD and more often for aromatase inhibitors. Since people go for aromatase all the time, if you must use aromatase inhibitor in the off season when you're blocking, I personally think you should probably try to go without it if you can, or engineer your cycle so you don't need them. Less drugs is always better. XMSD through the study I found on PubMed by the team Greek medical study of cancer patients found that XMSD had no negative effect on cholesterol. And it was when the lectures in a master's hall were fucked across all up. And XMSD actually reduced triglyceride levels and to maximum was found to increase triglyceride levels. So if you're worried about cardiovascular health for a long term, it seems like XMSD might be the better choice for a long term use as far as health benefits go. Sting the most healthy. It's just what I found. Adverse side effects of aromatase inhibitors, XMSD shares some of these but for lectures all in an ashes all. There's some pretty nasty side effects that can cause hypertension, vasodilation, adema, chest pain, elevated lipids, that there's a long term going to affect your cardiovascular health. You could end up with a blocked artery or have a stroke. Patients may increase the decreased bone mineral density increase risk of fracture. Muscins skeletal pain, headache and somnia depression increase cough. It could have neurological effects as well on the brain. Like issues, bone loss is a predominant side effect. Patients on A, I, according to this study, should use vitamin D and calcium supplementation. I will tell you for my own experience. When I had my contests properly, my calcium levels were low in my blood work. I've never had issues with low calcium levels but I was crushing the AIs that didn't at the lectures all at the end of my contests prep. That is the reason why more than likely that my calcium levels were low. I supplemented vitamin D and calcium for 45 days get about blood work we've done. Fine, it was fine. So, just something to consider. Long-term guys are looking at blocked arteries, potential osteoporosis, things like that. So, I'd be judicious with the use of a rubber tays and inhibitors. Once again, I'm going to repeat this. Less drugs are always better. And if you want to get huge in bodybuilding, you have to do this for a long time. Long-term use of some of the stuff can have negative effects on your health. So, you want to use the least amount possible to get the job done and be smart with what you use. I am going to record another video on a smart cycle construction but if you have a hard, difficult time with the roomization, maybe you should stay away from stuff that I romanticise this heavily. Just the thought and then you might not need an aromatase inhibitor. Just something to consider. Hopefully this helps. Have a great day. Thank you.

=== FILE: Best PEDs For Synergy, Injectable Orals Are The Best？ Short Esters For Fat Loss, Why Derek Beat Hadi [_aPtMQbi2Zs].txt ===

Warning, this content is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Alright Jim Bros. Big Paul here today with another Anna Bala KQ and A. This is where I break down your questions regarding training, nutrition and responsible performance enhancement. All while showing you how to get the best results while reducing harm from the stupid crap you Bros. Love to do. I have some fantastic questions lined up today from my school and a bodybuilding members community. You can join over there if you want your questions answered on the Q&A for 30 bucks a month. Link is in the video description below. Here are just a few of the questions I am going to cover today. In your opinion, what are the two compounds that show the most synergy besides HGH and insulin? If you're strength recovery and blood work are all looking great, is there any harm and extending a cut beyond 20 weeks to get to your desired body composition? When running tests in EQ, what specific cholesterol numbers should make you consider running a statin or lowering your doses? What were the Olympia judges rewarding when giving Derek the title this year over HODY? What specific criteria wins in the Olympia? And I have these questions in a bunch of other great ones and we'll dig into all those in just one second. Alright folks, before we dig into this, I ask you to please like this video and subscribe to my channel. I get a lot of people watching and not a lot of people subscribing. I also just spun up a rumble channel. I've got to be posting exclusive content over there. Coming soon, I am replicating YouTube content over there as well. I have all my content distributed from here to X over on Instagram as well. Follow me on all those platforms if you want to keep up with the latest and greatest that's going on. And first question I got lined up here today is from Stephen K. Stephen asked on a high carb day is when carbs like Luke. You recommend keeping fats as low as possible. Can you break down how you like to structure your fat and take on medium and low carb days? For example, how low do you typically go in are there specific sources, timing and strategies that you prefer when it comes to selecting fats on carbs like dyes? Okay, so let's kind of start with a high level logic here with carbs like why we rotate fat intake. When we are doing the high carb a high-grade day, they're essentially a high calorie day. So we're going to be in a big surplus on those high calorie days with a carbs like lint diet. I typically run one to two high carb-hunter days depending on what phase of the season we're in. If we're trying to cut, if we're trying to lose body fat, it's typically one high carbohydrate day per week. We're just going to be in a caloric surplus. The idea with that day is we're going to go into a caloric surplus. We're going to be in a caloric surplus, we're going to be in a caloric surplus. We know in a caloric surplus we're definitely not burning fat, so we want to minimize fat gain in that day. Sort of the hack of the body's energy management system, so that we are taking advantage of how the body partitions energy, specifically glucose. So what we're going to do is take advantage of the day being a high calorie state replenished glycogen. Now the reason why we want to keep fats on that low on that day is because of the surplus in theory, any extra calories that we are getting from the body partitions energy management system. In theory, any extra calories that we are getting from fats are likely going to just be stored as body fat. Because your body either burns fats as fuel or stores them as adipose tissue for the most part. There are some essential fatty acids that are used in metabolic purposes, cellular repair. Things like that in vitamin transport, but it's a very minimal amount. It's not a ton. I do keep a little bit of VFA's in on the high carbohydrate day, maybe a few grams of fish oils, something like that. But nothing crazy, but we really want to keep the fat intake as low as humanly possible on that day to minimize fat gain. And get us in a caloric surplus where we're synthesizing glycogen. Really the whole crux, the core concept of carbs likely is we want to minimize fat gain, maximize muscle glycogen synthesis and maximize muscle gain. And we rotate through these different days. Now on the medium and low days, it depends on the phase of the diet that we're in. For an acute phase, I'll run the low days really low. We'll do a deep caloric deficit on the low days a lot of times to enhance fat loss on those days. And the medium days are usually either in a slight caloric deficit or net neutral as far as calories good depending on how hard we're trying to push the fat loss. And in the off season, generally the medium days are in a slight surplus or kind of isoccaloric or it just depends on body composition, how the body is responding. And it typically what I'll do depending on how we're progressing, how the body composition is looking, we'll push the fats a little bit higher on the low days. We'll keep the fats moderate on the medium days and keep them as low as possible on the high days. Now we do know that you do need a certain amount of essential fatty acids in your diet. We do know that you need some fats in your diet. We try to keep the saturated fats as low as possible. You are going to get some saturated fats from your protein sources just on avoidable. And you do need a little bit for bile production and things like that. But ultimately saturated fats for the most part are just the energy production. And I hear guys talk about frequently needing saturated fats in their diet for hormones, etc. Yada yada. Steroidal hormones are derived from the cholesterol molecule. And I've got to really see anybody deficient in cholesterol. So really the need to eat a ton of saturated fats, especially if you're in enhanced athlete, it's just completely unnecessary. So we want to try to keep those as low as possible. And not only that they do seem to increase lipid skewing, which is also a problem when we're running PED. So we want to keep saturated fats as low as possible. And what we want to do with the medium and low days still keep our protein sources as lean as we possibly can. If we are going to eat fatty or proteins, we want to eat protein sources that are rich in essential fatty acids or something like Sam and something like that. Some cuts of red meat say, for example, an organic bison may have a bit more central fatty acids and it's in say like a typical corn fed, you know, cheap ground beef would. So we can be a little more liberal with that. But what I usually do is add in some some level of essential fatty acids on those medium days and low days. Based on our carbohydrate consumption, I would say typically what I do, we're going to have probably 30 to 40 grams of fat throughout six meals just from our protein sources. No matter how lean we get our protein sources, you're probably going to get like four or five grams of fat per meal. And so you're going to have some saturated fat in there. It's going to be a few of those grams that are going to be from saturated fat just from how it shakes out with the protein sources during the meal. And then I will do, I will add in essential fatty acids to all the meals except for the pre and post workout window. What I will do in those other meals is add in probably something like seven to 10 grams of essential fatty acids from sources like nuts, abocados, olive oil, sometimes it's high as 14 grams. And so probably we can extra something like 30 to 40 grams of protein or sorry essential fatty acids per day. So if we look at what we have from our typical fat source from our protein sources, we're talking about a total day of something like 60 to 70 grams of fat with more than half of that coming from or essentially half of that. Maybe a little bit more than half of that coming from central fatty acids. Like I said, I like nuts, I like abocados, I like, flexible, I like olive oil, those are typically where I'm getting my, my fat source is from I do keep them away from the workout window. The reason for that is we are going to push carbohydrate to a bit higher during that workout window. And I want those carbohydrates to to, you know, to be delivered quickly and efficiently. Sometimes I'll add in a little bit of carbohydrates during the workout window and I'm assuming that a lot of the poters are also using insulin and that workout window not everybody, but I would say so. But in that case, it is especially important to keep fats away from the workout window because when insulin is present, you're pretty much any, any fat you're going to do. If there's a high probability that it's just going to be stored as body fat. Now on the low days, we are not working on a typically run low days on non workout days. Sometimes I even go zero carbs on the low days and pull the fats up even higher to allow insulin sensitivity to reset a little bit. It just depends on the person. I would say what I've generally seen to be the case is if you get below 150 grams of carbohydrate, you might as well just go to zero. You get below 150 grams, you just feel like dog shit if you don't. But on those days, I'll just spread the fats out throughout the meals and I might take the fats a little bit higher on that day. I might do like something like 60 to 70 of ad if fats on that on that day. On on the low days. So a lot of times low days will shake out to be just protein vegetables in a habit fats from EFA's. But typically that's how it shakes out with the carbs cycling diet. I found if you do that, that's enough to keep you healthy. I hope you keep your lipids in range, especially if you're using PDs, supplementing in the EFA's will keep. Sometimes I'll see HDL come up in that case and HDL suppression is a problem when your own PDs just depends on the type of PD that you're running. I also notice the body composition stays in a great place when you cycle through things like that with typically guy stay leaner. I minimize fat gain, maximize muscle gain, and prioritize insulin sensitivity by rotating through the carbohydrate intake and fat intake. Hopefully that answers your question. All right. Next question. I got here from Joseph A. Joseph asks from your personal experience, which two compounds, whether antibiotics, steroids or peptide, seem to create the most synergy together, aside from the classic HDH and insulin combination. What kind of results or effects have you seen with those compounds when they are used correctly? I mean, I don't know that HDH and insulin are the epic combination, but I honestly found that testosterone or GH are the kind of the baseline of performance enhancement. It seems like a lot of guys are scared to run GH and look at it. It's sort of had a lot of mystery and legend and just brometh it around the dangers of HDH use. We have a lot of long-term data on it now that shows that it's really dangerous if you are intelligent with it. It's probably out of the compounds that we take, besides testosterone, it's probably the safest thing that we can take. We have a baseline of growth hormone in HDH and we're really hitting two different pathways here. Testosterone is the core male hormone that's present in our body and it's going to convert the DHT and estrogen and is essential to basically being a man. It's important for growing muscle. And growth hormone, we are hitting a different pathway here. We have the IGF1 pathway and most men that are over over 40, 35, 40 are severely deficient in HDH. You can see the changes in the bodybuilding community before guys used growth hormone or athletes used growth hormone. They're really, we're not many people that were successful in bodybuilding or professional sports past their late 30s. I don't think it's a coincidence that that's one GH typically declined on our rapid, you know, decline rapidly. We can see it. And it seems you know, just anecdotally speaking that GH declines before testosterone does. I've seen 60 year olds with high testosterone levels, but most guys over 40 have no existing growth hormone levels. So that would make sense to supplement those together and they synergize well because they are the bio identical hormones that are key to being a vital human being a man basically. Outside of that as far as performance enhanced because you already mentioned the GH and insulin, they are counter regulatory hormones and they do they do have a synergy that work well together. We are doing all about that. One of the other ones I find that works really well and you can ask anybody, both of the does contest prep is trend and clin. If you want to rapidly change body composition, there really is no more efficient way at least I haven't seen it to rapidly change body body composition than trend and clin. They just work really well together. The synergize really well. Trend is very effective at changing body composition. Climbing was a very effective fabric. My opinion still probably the king of fat burning compounds that we have, although there's some compelling new stuff out with all peptides that we have now. Those are both compelling. Now when it comes to the strength portion, you can ask any power left or power left or flucking love and adorone decka. Anodrol and decka are like apple pie and ice cream. You want to be big, blow it and run some anodrol and decka. Those two are a little less of testosterone or whatever. I love to combo. There are some interesting stuff going on with the peptides now. I've seen some pretty radical changes in body composition with guys this year running. I'm going to treat my C and SLUPP332. I will be honest with you. It was pretty skeptical of all three. When they first came out, I probably was one of the guys that was in the column. I'm not really sure about the stuff a year ago. What I have seen this year is people that have been resistant to fat loss, especially people that really struggle with losing weight. That combination seems to have busted people past plateau. That's not to say they don't come with down sides and potential problems. We really don't know what the long term effects are using these things. We don't have long term data on it. We assume that it's pretty safe and paper. It seems like it might be better for you than running heavy doses of say tremble on. I've seen some pretty radical changes in body composition. Guys that couldn't lose fat before getting lean, even without doing cardio. It's pretty fucking wild with the exercise. I'm not a contender. I'm a contender. I'm a contender with the GLP1, which is going to press appetite and proven salinson sensitivity. I've had no problems with the Dansjum effects of the GLP1s. I do have some concern. Long term concerns about gastric emptying with the GLP1s. I've seen a lot of fat loss for more than a year. I've seen a lot of fat loss. I've seen a lot of fat loss. It's when you get low that 10% fat and when the body fat is really hairy. Getting down to 10% you can just keep cutting until you hit your goal. You'll know when it's time to pull back and take a break, a die break. Generally what I see is you get to a point where cardio is maxed out. You really can't take calories much lower. I really, for me, I don't like having guys go more than 90 minutes of cardio per day. And that's my absolute maximum. I don't like guys doing more than 15,000 steps per day. That's sort of my absolute maximum when it comes to cardio-vascular activity. I don't like guys to get much below say, I don't really have a caloric number, but 150 grams of carbs on a medium day. Down to maybe 20, 30 grams of fat. If at much below that, unless you're on contest prep, I don't like to take things much below that. I would say probably 1,800 calories for a dude, 1,800 to 2,000 calories for a dude. I don't like going much lower than that for extended periods of time. And what I find is that just after a while your metabolism just gives up and stops working. And then we have to take a die break, 6 to 8 weeks, and slowly push the food back up and try to get them to go on again. Pull back the cardio, give your body a break, and then we can do it another push. But with that said, if you're cruising along, you feel great. Blood works great, you haven't maxed out your cardio, you haven't maxed out your caloric deficit, your cruising along, still losing weight, feeling great. Sure, keep going, keep trucking. And as I mentioned before, if you started off at 30% body fat, and you're down to 16 or 17 now, I don't know where you're at, but I'm just throwing out arbitrary numbers, you're going to have more runway. The guys that have a lot of fat to lose can keep pushing for longer than dudes that are already lean, and trying to get down to single digit, low single digit body fat. I mean, that run from 10% down to 5% body fat sucks. And your body really does not want to be much leaner than 8% to 10% body fat. That's where most people let your some sort of gin and mute, and where their body just says, no, we're not, we're not going to get leaner than this. This is not where we want to be, and you have to really do some extreme shit to get down there. But I would say if your goal is the 10% goal, you feel good, everything's lined up. Sure, keep trucking. Alright, next question here is from Dave F. Dave said, I am planning on a cycle of 500 milligrams of testosterone, and 200 to 400 milligrams of EQ per week. I might each deal in LDL cholesterol levels are currently within normal ranges. And I'll be checking in our blood work every four weeks. At one point, should changes in my cholesterol, start becoming a concern enough to warrant either increasing statin dosage or reducing my test in EQ, and what markers do you look for when deciding those to make those adjustments? What we typically see when guys are on cycle, there is going to be some suppression of HDLs. HDL is almost always suppressed when you're on cycle. I would say 98% of the blood work that I see, there is going to be HDL suppression no matter what. Now it's a matter of how much the HDL is suppressed. LDL, on the other hand, for the most part, is largely related to diet. Now if you have a genetic predisposition to dyslipidemia, I have that, you run into people that do have that. A lot of times it doesn't matter what the fuck you eat, you're still going to have high LDL. I can get my LDL down into the low 1-hundreds without using drugs like 120-130. Sometimes closer to 100, if I basically eat nothing but chicken and rice and bread. But some of that is genetic as well. Now what I would say to pay attention to is your APAB levels. Ideally we probably want the APAB at 80 or lower. In an ideal way we would probably like LDL below 100. Usually LDL in APAB are closely related. If LDL is high, usually APAB is going to be high too. I know a guy said that LDL doesn't fucking matter, but there is definitely a correlation between APAB and LDL. They're almost always in a related way. If APAB is high, LDL is probably going to be high too in most situations. I don't know that I've honestly ever seen anybody with a low APAB and a high HGL. I've never seen that. I know most doctors that are progressive and up to date with managing with it's really lean on APAB as a indicator of cardiovascular risk and it's probably the stronger predictor of it. Now it is also a ratio of HGL to total cholesterol that matters as well. If your HGL is a bit suppressed in your LDL and APAB or low, probably the risk factor is very low. I wouldn't worry about things too much. Now if your HGL is in the single digits in your LDL is like 150, we got to fucking problem. That's you know, you're increasing the risk of having a cardiovascular, cardiovascular disease down the road of potential cardiovascular events. So I would take close attention to that. Ideally, I would say we would want our LDL somewhere around 100 or lower. It would be ideally should be at 80 or lower. We want to be in those ranges that probably would be the smart place to be. HDL really when you're on cycle. If you can get it above 30, you're doing great. I almost never see HGL over 40. There are some over the counter supplements that you can use to increase HDL. The initial will have an effect to a certain degree. Nious and if you can tolerate it, it seems to be the most potent at raising HDL. I'd probably leave it start with those as a first line of defense. You can use such a Spurgroma and Red Rice, yeast extract, Red Rice, yeast extract is a natural statin. So to speak, it has statin like effects. It's a very mild. If we were going to resort to using a statin, then we would want to use a Resuvas statin. Preferably it is a hydrophilic statin, not a lipophilic statin. Mypophilic statins are going to cause the muscle and tendon issues that we have problems with the also penetrate the blood. Brain barrier more easily since the brain is fat. So hydrophilic statins are going to come with less risk. The risk for a muscle tissue and cognitive health goes. And probably usually that combination of Resuvas statin and Zedomhym seems to be the most effective way of for bodybuilders. Our community, Zedomhym works through the GI to lower lower cholesterol. So that combination of those two really, from what I understand, I think five milligrams of Resuvas statin or it's like 10 milligrams of Resuvas statin and five milligrams of Zedomhym or more effective if I recall correctly than 40 milligrams or maybe it was 20 of Resuvas statin by itself. But I would just keep an eye on those numbers. Probably get a cardiovascular CT scan done once a while. See if there's any plaque built up. Now, for when I understand that doesn't show soft plaque, I think that's what my cardiologist said. Don't quote me on that, but that's what I recall him saying. But just keep an eye on this thing. Keep an eye on your blood pressure. All of these other risk factors. If you see triglycerides skewed than that, that's also a problem that needs to be addressed as well. But just keep an eye on things and see where he up. That's kind of where I would take it and go from there. All right. Next question is from Jodi. Yes, what's your take on injectable oral compounds? Are they actually more effective or safer compared to actually taking the oral's in their traditional forms? And when, if ever would you consider using them on cycle? So here is the thing with the injectable oral steroids. That's the delivery method. It's not the reason why these are delivered toxic. It is the molecular structure. They are still 17 alpha methylated, regardless of whether you're not going to be a doctor. Regardless of whether you take them or early or through an injectable method, which means that it still needs to be metabolized by the liver. That doesn't change things. Now, there is some evidence that there is a slightly less stress on the first path through the liver. If I can talk English here, when you take injectable versus oral versions of the liver, the lung term effects, as far as liver stress, probably aren't that much different between the two. Now, where I do find they are helpful and beneficial is a lot of times oral steroids. One that are 17 alpha methylated are really rough when you stomach. They fuck your stomach up bad. I can't take anodrial for more than a couple of days before I have massive acid reflux issues. I've seen guys with bleeding ulcers. There are all sorts of problems from running oral steroids or abusing oral steroids. So the main benefit that I would see from using injectable versions of oral steroids is saving. You're got from all the problems that using oral steroids cause with the, with your gut. It may even wreck your gut microbiome. We don't know a whole lot about how the microbiome would all know definitive things about how the microbiome works. But I would speculate that it probably has some effect on it. I know gut microbiome is a big buzzword. But one story short, the chemical structure of the oral steroids still to see whether it is injected or taken orally. It's still going to cause a paddock stress. Regardless, no matter what, there is some argument that it does reduce first pass metabolism stress. But the overall cumulative effect of taking an oral steroids through an injectable route is likely the same long term. They only real benefit would be saving your stomach from getting fucked up from taking the oral steroid. That way. So really, you know, look it's up to you. If you want to save your gut, do the injectable version otherwise not big difference between the two. Alright, next question here is from Philip F. I'm looking to mass up over the next six months while keeping fat gain to an absolute minimum. After check in that shows positive body changes in body comes. How do you decide when to increase calories? And by roughly how much each time is this a threshold you look for weight, visual changes, general performance before Bouncing up and take how do you go about evaluating this? For me, it's pretty simple. I look there's two goals for increase in calories in the off season. In my opinion, I like to make small incremental changes. One we want to put a muscle. That's pretty clear. We want to increase muscle gains. There's only so much you can force it with the diet. Muscle growth. And we want to get your metabolism as high as we possibly can going into a cut phase or if you're a competitive or a contest prep phase. Now if you can get your calorie intake up to say, like let's say if you come in out of a cut and you're cutting at 1800 calories and we can slowly and incrementally raise your average cooler can take up to 4,000 in an off season and massing phase without putting on any major body fat. We're going to have a lot more run way for calorie cuts when we get into a cutting phase. So we could initially come out of the gate. We could cut a thousand calories off of 4,000 calorie diet. Say if I've worked up me personally, I work up to 5,000 calories in terms of an average. Like let's say if I'm at 5,000 and I cut down to 4,000 and I start losing weight at 4,000. I got a lot more run way than the guy that only is eating 2500 calories in his off season. There's only so much you can cut from there and believe me, as you get deeper into a cut, you're going to have to cut calories even more because your metabolism sort of a dab. So over time and you have to keep lowering calories to keep up with your body as it adapts to the lower core can take. So more we can get those calories up in the off season, the more run way we're going to have for lower calories and losing fat during a cutting phase. Now how I go about evaluating this, how I go about increasing calories, it is mostly based off of look. How people are looking in a, in their check in pictures. If I see that hey, guy is staying pretty lean, I bumped up carbohydrate and take it which is usually the wild card that I adjust. I really don't change fat or protein and take that much from cuts to off season usually carbohydrates are the wild card. I'll just keep pressing carbohydrates up as high as I can possibly get away with. And I make small incremental changes I might add 25 grams of carbohydrates a day or 40 grams of carbohydrates per day this week. See what things look like, see if the scale change, see if body composition changed in the coming weeks. And if we can get away with another bump, I'll bump it again. I also let gym performance indicate things if I see an increase in gym performance from the increased food. If I see the body composition is stayed the same, if I see the scale has gone up, then there's really only one positive one that's happened and that's what we put on your muscle tissue. And I also find, and this is just anic, don't, I know science to back this up, this is just my anic, don't, bro science observation that it does seem to be as we increase carbohydrate and taking it off season that they're does seem to be some increase in capacity to synthesize glycogen. We don't have a lot of science to back this up because it really just aren't studies done on dudes like us that are using PEDs, growth hormone insulin, shit like that. And pressing our carbohydrate intake and calories up in the house season, don't know all the shit we're doing so we really only have anic double observation to go with. But I will make small changes usually 25 to 50 grams of carbohydrates once they're one of the days I'll pick one of these like the medium or the. The high day I'll increase a lot of times I leave the low day alone because we want to keep that in a calorie deficit on that day to allow our body to reset. So I'm going to press the calories up on a carbohydrate cycling diet what I'll do is move it up on the medium and high days and I'll see how aggressive we can get with it. I'll just slowly and incrementally start pressing things up and if we get to a point where body composition starts starting to decline. We either make a PED adjustment or I will back down on the carbohydrate intake and that's really it in a nutshell. All right next question here. I've got is from Nathan why he's he asked this is a good one. This is a lot of people really good questions could probably make an episode on it. I may even put this out by itself. Nathan asked can you break down what the judge is really looking at when Derek won the title over. Howdy was this more visible detail in conditioning in person compared to how it came across online and in the pictures. And overall what do you think about the Olympia open standard. And their emphasis where is it at is it mostly shape fullness or conditioning. I think a lot of people don't understand how the judging works and how the evaluation process works and bodybuilding and it really confuses the flock out of people. Most people are just looking at finals. They don't work at pre judging and they see the finals and they're like howdy got robbed howdy got robbed howdy beat Derek howdy looked better than Derek and you are right the judges actually agreed with you. Howdy if you look at the scorecards actually one finals he beat Derek and finals but Derek had enough of the lead over him and pre judging to overcome that if you look at the scorecard I got the scorecard front of me. During finals they the score was eight to seven low score wins so actually one. Howdy won by one point in finals so there was a one point in difference in pre judging. Derek had a six hotty had a nine so there's I think that runs up in a two judge swing now. If I remember correctly how the IFBB does they're judging their seven judges on the panel they throw out the highest and low score and then they keep the scores from the other five judges and then they all rank them from one to 15 and then if you're beyond 15 then you're basically disqualified or whatever they fuck they call you basically just you weren't in the plays. So in finals it was you know it was essentially split of one judge had voted one way different it would have been you know howdy would have won. I mean I you know or I'm sorry if pre judging if there had been one judge different it's it's sorry two judges different hotty would have won or would have been a time I don't know where my mouth is at on this but. It was very close and if you look at the scorecard hotty actually won at finals. So the judges agree with you and I think most people are looking at the final. The final results now as far as. Andrew Jack he was pretty far of had of Samson it looked like in both pre judging in finals. It was a little closer in pre judging and there's one one judge difference between Samson and and you're jacked in but Andrew Jack separated himself in finals and then the rest you know it's kind of. Power which is a mart martin what the his scores were pretty consistent neck walker his scores were pretty consistent didn't really change a whole lot. So the judges pretty much agree but it was really a split decision between. Derek. And hotty you know really either one of them probably could have won if one or two people had voted different. It could have been. I think I said that the audience in the day it is somebody's opinion now I think guys get hyper focused I'm scrolling down here I have the. Judging criteria that the B. B. uses I I grabbed it from their official. Rule book and how they score criteria when it comes to judging people forget there are multiple components that they use for evaluation. Judging where it comes to body button shows like guys will see. The things that they want to see the things that they like and they think that their dude warm like they're gonna be like well hotty was in way better condition than. Then Derek or. You know another example would you know be in classic for for example you know they'll say one guy posed way better than the other dude or one guy had a better flow than the other dude but they're multiple criteria. That the judges use when they're looking at these guys there's there's proportion and cemetery. You know it's it's the balance in the in the physique there is these are the exact ones that they have listed up proportion and cemetery. Muscle mass and size so muscle should appear full round belt. And according to the athletes category without the stored in proportion. Muscle quality density definition and separation says muscle should show hardness density clear separation between groups in definition from body from low body fat. There is condition in skin tone clean healthy appearance skin should be smooth evenly tan with no visible. The limit is acne scar or other or tattoos. A lot of guys you'll see will get the tattoo cover up so you know, Bro's that if you're worried about if you're covered from head to toe and tattoos that affecting your scoring. It potentially could I see a lot of guys that do have tattoos but you don't see a lot of guys in the Olympia stage that are covered from head to toe tattoos. Structure and posture competitors frame stance are evaluated broad shoulders narrow waist straight lens proper alignment and overall. Athletic barren bearing those are evaluated presentation in stage presence this is another one a huge one the guys miss out on competitors are judged on the confidence posing skill fluid transitions inability to highlight their strengths. If you take a look at injured jack. Dude his posing is not great. I don't know if he does an old purpose or not but a lot of them see terms the court turns the wrong way. That's got to play into a judge decision making he probably. Could be placing higher at shows if he really cleaned up his posing and I've heard. Steve Weinberger was head judge and I'd be for a long time. I don't know if that he still is or not but. Steve's an OG of judges and Steve said he could only judge what he can see. And if you aren't presenting your physique effectively. You can't the he can't judge what he doesn't see and then finally aesthetics and overall impression judges making overall judgment on the athletes physique based on their stage charisma often referred to as the X factor. So you know Chris Bumps that would be an example that dude just walks on stage and his. You know his charisma just comes out before him sitting with Arnold Arnold just came on stage and owned the fucking stage. You come out nervous you come out looking tannative you're not going to be great but I a lot of these things are interplay with each other and it's not like the judges are going down a checklist of all this stuff when people on stage they have to do this stuff on the fly. They're evaluating five guys at one time and they have say 30 seconds in each pose they've got six seconds to look at each dude so they're just scamming through each dude making a visual note of everything that's going on so all the stuff plays in together. So for example if you can't pose. It can make your conditioning look worse than what it is. If you're conditioning sucks you might not look as big in as fools they want you to look. If you're not big enough if you're too fucking flat. If you're too flat if you're over diet it and you're shredded but you're over diet it you're not going to look big and full like they want you to do all these things are it's an interplay of all these different attributes that. They're looking for on stage for a total package you know so. An example of how to interact the very close you know there was really a split decision between the two dudes. The judges saw it a different way. You know some judges saw one way some judges saw it the other way but you know obviously those two were very very close. I would say that hotty had some edges over Derek and some areas I would say hotty has better conditioning. You know and you know I would say Derek is probably a bit more muscular than hotty is definitely as a better thicker for back but I mean ultimately these guys are really fucking close it's just a small hair separating those two it could have been. It could have easily been hotty that one that shows it was very very very close but look it's all these different criteria that factor into it and I think guys forget about that like it. Especially at the amateur level. Guys will be like well I was more shredded than than that do they most this is the trap that I see that most amateur bodybuilders fall into they think it's a shredded contest. Not a bodybuilding contest why it was leaner than that guy I should have won that's not a works man it's the combination of all the above. You do want to be lean but you also need fullness you also need to be able to pose you are your presentation needs to be great your 10 needs to be great. Your transitions on your poses need to be great. Your fullness needs to be there I mean it's all these different you need to be big enough to be competitive doesn't matter how fucking shredded you are if you're. I will say this at an amateur show being leaner is probably the better way to go. It's definitely the better way to go but. Ultimately it's the combination of all these factors that wins a bodybuilding show hopefully that helps clarify that one. All right next what I got up here is from PJP PJPS what are your tips for making. Meal prepping faster and more efficient without sacrificing nutrition quality nutrition or quality sorry any go to systems or tools that you use personally yeah I've gotten a PhD in. Meal prepping over the years one of the things I gave up on a long time ago that saved me a ton of time with meal prepping is trying to make shit tastes good. I know guys a laugh at that one it grows make fun of my bland meal prep meals that I put up when I put up but. If you spend all your time seasoning marinating cooking things to the perfect temperature you're going to be spending a lot more fucking time in the kitchen. If you need shit to taste good I totally get it if it makes use you can play with the diet and you've got the time to burn. Cool that that's awesome man go for it. But I basically just salt. Put some salt pepper on shit third and the album cook it that's it but really my biggest tip would be. Cook all your protein up I usually cook my protein in the large batch is usually twice a week a cook a shit ton of chicken up at one time I'll shit cook a shit ton of ground beef up at one time. If you're preparing all this stuff from meal to meal to meal it's going to take a lot more time throughout the week just you know. I'll take something like 10 pounds of chicken and throw it in the oven and just get it all fucking down with. Or if I am going to cook it in the air fryer I will have it. Prepared cut up ready to go so I can just toss it there for a bit of fire as I eat it. Every day on a contest prep or when I'm locked in I'll just make a pot of rice in the morning and just scoop the rice out as I go that's easier so I have a hot pot of rice going each in every day. I will do that sometimes I mix my vegetables if I'm doing vegetables in with the rice like I'll just throw some peas and carrots or spinach or whatever in with my rice so it's it's ready to go. And I just have all that stuff ready to go and if I need to meal grab a meal if want to run out I can just scoop out my rice throw my protein in it put a lid on a top of where container. Take it with me and roll the road I'm ready to go and I weigh out each meal as I do it. I think a lot of guys go through and prep all the meals and put them in the refrigerator so they can put them in the microwave when the weekend. To me that's just a bunch of extra work that doesn't really. I don't know maybe it saves time as many as it doesn't I don't fucking do that shit I just have my protein done I put in a big fucking bowl and weigh it all out I just weigh it out as I eat it. I put my same thing I put my rice in the pot every morning I weigh it out as I eat it for meal now I am sitting at a desk and at home all day long so I know a lot of guys don't have that luxury. Totally get it if you need to prep the stuff to take with you to work. I get these cheap plastic dishes from Costco I think they're 100 of them for like eight bucks the glad I think makes them I get those and then put everything in there but really that's it. I don't waste a lot of time trying to make shit taste good cook all my protein and bulk put a pot of rice so in each morning and the portion out stuff as I go or if I am going to be on the road is portioned out put it in the cooler. I don't think I'm going to be on the road with me that's it pretty simple easy straightforward. Alright next question I got here is from John W. What's your perspective on IGF1LR3 have you personally experiment with it and if so what does it protocol in timing have you found to be the most effective for muscle growth and or recovery. I don't think IGF1LR3 does a whole lot. I'm probably going to upset some people and I say that I think you're probably wasting your time with IGF1LR3. And there's a on paper IGF1LR3 seems for seems great. IGF1LR3 is a modified version of the IGF1 peptide. It's on point we probably will but at this point it doesn't seem to be that effective. Now the IGF1LR3 has been modified to increase its half life. It has been modified to not have an affinity for IGF1 binding proteins from what I ever call. And what this does is in theory it's going to hang around longer but it's going to be less selective in how it works. You got this idea of one floating around that might attach to intestines to fat cells etc. Whereas your biological idea of one does not have the same issues and it has a proper affinity for binding proteins. There also seems to be a risk because of how IGF1LR3 doesn't interact in the same way with binding proteins as traditional IGF1 say. And that's because it mimics insulin. You're getting the insulin like effects that come along with using the IGF1LR3 likely that's what's causing the pumps. You probably could get the same thing just from taking some cumulogany and some carbs. And I'm not going to be able to do this with all the potential risks that come along with taking IGF1LR3. Now I know dudes use it. Me personally I've had cancer. I don't think it's worth the risk. I wouldn't take the risk of using IGF1LR3. Maybe if I had access to some real-enactrelex, I might consider it. But to me IGF1LR3 is not worth the risk. Now another thing you consider to with IGF1LR3 is that IGF1LR3 doesn't seem to interact with tissue compartments as efficiently as incorrect lex does. And we do know that I muscle growth is mostly, or is localized IGF1. And this in on paper to me sounds like and from what I understand that IGF1LR3 is really not that great for growing muscle as compared to say incorrect lex would be. So we have all these potential increased risk factors about how it could potentially interact with say the heart, the fat cells potentially cause cancer with a very lower affinity for causing muscle growth. So to me I just wouldn't waste my time on it. If you are taking growth hormone say using insulin something like that, eating carbohydrates, you're going to have high endogenous IGF1 production. Anyway, and probably get more out of that with less risk than you would using IGF1LR3. Personally, I would stay away from it. I don't think that it provides much benefit. I think it only adds additional risk that pump effect that guys talk about getting from LR3 is likely just it's it's mimicking it's it's mimicking of insulin like effects. I don't think it really has much to do with the compound it's causing more muscle growth itself. It's you could get likely the same thing from just taking some growth hormone and insulin. JR ask how important do you find testosterone per perinate in a fat loss phase compared to longer esters like an ather sapinate does the ester type really make much of a difference in fat loss outcomes or is it more personal tolerance or cycle structure. I think the ester makes zero. I don't know the other answer would have any effect on on fat loss potentially I could see some sort of maybe effect on how ester than is converted from taking the various types of testosterone and I I really don't think there's you know I hear guys say the test probe is drier than when you're doing this. I think it's really good to do with the and in the case of the patient and an anathate and I really don't think that has much to do with the ester as much as guys are taking test probe daily versus taking the anathate and the sapinate once or twice a week where you're going to have a bigger spike in hormone and probably more ester dial conversion as a result. I think that's a very good thing to say daily just like you would the prop unit you probably have similar ester dial conversion as you would with the prop unit so that's the only compelling reason I can see why maybe it would be better for fat loss than say body builders will use it at the end of contest prep they like prop unit on contest prep because you can quickly modulate doses once again and this is mostly going to have an effect on water retention and how quickly the drug clues of system in ester dial conversion that water retention is mostly related to ester dial conversion also a test hospital seems to increase stimulation of the renaming and injutencin aldosterone system which also causes increase and and water retention so coach contest prep coach doers will sometimes shift to propinate towards the end of cycle just so they can modulate things quickly if they see water retention they can get out that test and cause you know a lower conversion to ester gen and get rid of that that renaming injutencin aldosterone stimulation in lower water retention really it's just it's just a quick way to do that I think there are other more efficient ways to address that but that's my take on it. Alright, last question I got here is from Peter H Peter ask what's your view on using glutathione for liver protection during a cycle how effective is it when maintaining healthy liver markers and what dosing protocol would you recommend for someone using moderate to heavy compounds. So yeah glutathione helps detoxify the liver from what I understand it binds with toxic metabolites in the liver that calls damage and harm you know for example like a sea of benefit and time on all if you want to have a blast go look up time on all induced. I think it is the number one cause of acute liver which is crazy there's 10 to 1000 cases of it but. I'm glutathione binds with those and makes those toxins water silvers so they can be excreted through bio and a lot of people are deficient in glutathione. NAC is used in a clinical setting often in the hospitals you'll see that NAC is used. As a treatment for acute liver failure there was a whole hubble blow of years back where the FDA was trying to classify NAC as a drug and was going to take it off the market Amazon yanked it off its shelves because NAC is highly effective effective at increasing glutathione production and. We're very acute liver failure. Now NAC is a precursor to glutathione or in it just think about it it's downstream from glutathione glutathione has to be administered through an IV. NAC is a precursor. NAC provides a 16 which is responsible for glutathione production is necessary for glutathione production most people are deficient in it and when you throw an ACN you increase. NAC is a 16 production which increases glutathione production downstream. NAC increases bio flow and reduces coal stasis so it basically helps the bio flow more easily from the liver and drain into the stomach and we know that the NAC then's the bio and removes the. This galaxies are. of a trifecta here where milk this will cause the regeneration of hepatocytes, basically repairing the liver, Taka increases bioph flow and NAC downstream to glutathione is going to cause the toxins to be more readily excreted through the biodox. So all three synergize and work together that's why they're packaged together in celluloments. They work very effectively now. You could just bypass a lot of that and I'll see guys like post-show. Sometimes they're all fucked up and just go get a glutathione. I've been a lot of times you can reverse high liver numbers pretty quickly within a week or two a lot of times. But we also need to make sure the bio flow is adequate as well, which I see a lot of times in body builders is a problem a lot of body builders have coal stasis with a bio can flow correctly and Taka will help with that as well. So we have to keep all of these above factors in line so we can have proper detoxification of the liver. The liver is very resilient if you take care of it, prevent scarring and cirrhosis. The liver can regenerate itself and is a very sturdy organ. A lot of guys I think are over-fear liver damage. It's pretty hard to fuck up your liver and I'm not saying it's impossible you certainly can do it. But that's the combination. Now whether or not you need to run any C in glutathione you're around that that is another question. I don't think any C is necessary to be run all the time. Although any C itself has some anti-oxinant properties. But I would say that NAC is not necessary to be run all the time. NAC's primary job is to provide 16 in Philippe's 16 store so the body can make it so in glutathione. Once the 16 stores are filled up they're really taking extra NAC has very minimal benefit. And it does have some antioxidant properties that may be beneficial. But for the large part you I would just run it in like six weeks, six weeks doses and then come off of it. And there's also some evidence I've seen some loose evidence that if you run NAC constantly that it seems to downregulate a 16 production. You know, the body has body is always striving for homeostasis and it does seem to be that there is some risk of that. Now whether or not there is I don't know. But I would say look if you're running orals if you if you're having high level values run it when necessary take it out when you don't need it. If you have an acute situation where things are really bad you could potentially go get a glutathione IV glutathione is not. Biofalval through any other administration route for my own standard than intervenously. It's very fragile. That's the only way that it works in AC is probably more effective way since it's orally bio available and something that we can use as part of our supplement stack. NAC is probably the better option in a combination of NAC tuck out in milk this also we're hitting all three check marks essentially for keeping the liver healthy. All right, bro, that's all I got for you on this one. I hope you enjoyed this episode. I'll see you on the next one. I appreciate each and every one of you. Rock on.

=== FILE: Best Steroids for Vascularity - Anabolic Bodybuilding [IRuJOkcbHho].txt ===

Best compounds for a vascularity. So I got a request for what are the best things for making you vascular? To be honest with you about this, you know, I've had a lot of people asking this question to pass it. It was a good question. I appreciate you asking it. Vascularity is largely dependent upon body fat percentage and your genetics. I mean, some people just have big veins that sit in the surface. I am one of them. I can be fat ass and I still have veins. I have veins before I ever took anything. I'd be off gear. I still have veins all over the place. My dad, you know, he's almost 70 years old. He has vein arms and has never done anything in his life. So part of it's just genetics. With that said, there are compounds that do make you seem to enhance vascularity. If you have that, propensity genetically, first of all, get your body fat down. If you're about 20% most people aren't going to be that vascular. I mean, even with me, I mean, there are the I lose vascularity in certain areas. One, I am my body fat higher. If you're holding water, if you're fat, you're just not going to be vascular. The compounds that I found that seem to be that in help with vascularity, the world shape of vascularity for me is trend. I mean, I take trend within a week, man. My veins are popping everywhere. It's probably because my blood pressure is through the roof. I don't know, or if there's something special about trend. And of our also seems to be good for vascularity as well. Any really any of the DHT compounds, animals, specifically, master on seems to help. But for me, the the champ is trend. It's just as simple as that trend. Makes me feel like shit, but trend makes me look like a million bucks. Can't sleep, sweat, full of anxiety, bad mood. But you know, you look great on trend. Don't worry about, you know, I know, I think don't be focused on being vascular year-round either. It's probably not healthy for you. You know, eclene, you know, be smart with your cycles. Don't worry about that unless you're training for a contest or have some specific purpose. But trend is the champ when it comes to vascularity. Hopefully find this helpful. Take care.

=== FILE: Bodybuilding, Steroids & Cardiovascular Health - Anabolic Bodybuilding [I-w5O30mqp8].txt ===

Cardiovascular health for bodybuilding. I figured with the reason passing of Sean Roton George Peterson, I just saw our Cali muscle had a 100% coronary artery blockage. It's probably important to talk about Cardiovascular health and relation to bodybuilding and PED use. It's one of the big risks. When you're a bodybuilder, I'm going to dig into a little bit. We'll talk about ways that you can mitigate these risks. Before you get into it, if you like my videos, please take the time to like, comment, and subscribe, share it with anybody you think they could use this information. If you want to stay up to date with what's going on with me personally, and get updates on videos that are coming out. You can follow me at Paul K. Barnett on Instagram. Anyway, let's dig into Cardiovascular health for bodybuilding. There are two things that really primarily, you know, I'm not saying this is the only thing that killed bodybuilders, but the two things that seem to take bodybuilders early to chronic things are kidney health, kidney disease and cardiovascular health. Cardiovascular health, heart attack strokes, and your isms, blood clots, things like that that killed people. The acute stuff that you see is usually just people who are doing diuretics for contest prep. That's stuff that will kill you like that. These are things that kill you long term. You're not going to notice the thing. That's the thing. The cardiovascular health. That's why they call it the sound like killer. You don't know that you have cardiovascular issues until it's too late. You know, there are some warning signs, but people just don't pay attention to them. They just assume that they're part of it. We'll dig into it a little bit more. Risk factors for bodybuilders. Androgen abuse and overuse. I think people go crazy with the Androgens. You know, I'm not saying if you go, you know, the Andabolic are 100% safe, but they, you know, Anabolic steroids that the Andabolic Androgens stay with tend to be more Andabolic unless Androgens it calls less heart issues from what I've seen. You know, not always true, but just is something to be aware of. I, you know, I would, my advice on that is use as little as possible to get the job done. Don't blast year round and stay away from fucking orals and crazy things like trend and, and, you know, Mint and stuff like that. I don't know why you guys get this fascination with this shit and want to run it year round. You know, you can't stay, I think it's the desire to stay ripped year round. You cannot stay ripped year round if your genes don't dictate that your built that way. It's unhealthy. I think that's a lot of times it's the guys that look ripped year around a lot of times with the ones that end up having a heart attack and cardiovascular issues. Not always, but you know, that's typically where you see it. So with the, you know, animal-like engineering steroids, you stay with the mildest stuff, stick with test. Use things like premable and, you know, only use the dosages you need to get the job done. Don't blast year round. You know, you take, take some faces and let your health recover. High calorie diets. That's another issue. You know, when you're eating a shit ton of food, it, it, it can take its toll on you. Sometimes you need breaks. You know, see these guys that are part of blockers that are just blocking year round all year, every year, you're, you're roll the dice. You're roll the dice. When you, when you, when you get to be my age, that's it's going to catch up with you. So I think a planned diet probably once a year to lean out, you know, even if you're not trying to get in contact shape is, is good for you. We all know that getting in the contest shape is extreme and and comes with risk and dangers as well. High fat diets. I see a lot of people get obsessed with keto diets and things like that. I, I'm telling you, I just don't buy into it. I think if you're constantly, study after study after study shows that high consumption of saturated fats will be a little fucking block your arteries eventually. You know, you're, you may be a genetic freak and it doesn't happen to you. But I, I do think these keto and corn and world diets are risky. I, you know, I've seen it in blood work. I've seen people who do them and they're, I've me personally. And they're, they're, they're lipids that just get blown out of the water. That can't be good for your long term cardiovascular health. It just can't be. Anti-astrogen abuse, you know, cancer, to have this obsession with blowing, blowing away their estrogen. And, you know, it does make you look lean and hard. But estrogen is cardio-productive, it is also neuro-protective. You know, I get it going into a show. You want to crush your estrogen and get that hard look. A few weeks is not going to kill you. Blasting 1,000 grams of arimidex every day, year-round. It's going to cause cardiovascular issues. Your, your, your, your, you're going to destroy your HDL. Um, and you're going to risk plaque accumulation. You just are. Um, I, I would, I would limit if you can get away with it. I would not use anti-astrogens and less. I don't necessarily do any more contests. I run my estrogens tender run really, really high. And I have to use a moderate dose of antioxidants year-round. Just to keep mind and check. I mean, might get insanely high. But most people aren't even getting blood worked on to find out if their estrogens are even higher. They're just crushing the anti-astrogens because they heard some bro at the gym. Say that that's what they should do. Only use them if you need them. stimulant abuse and over abuse. I see guys that do stupid shit like taking fat burners, you're around even when they're not dieting and you're running clean but you're all the fucking time and T3 and drinking a shit ton of pre-workout drinks that have nasty amounts of caffeine. I say this as I'm drinking my coffee. But moderate the stimulant, stimulant use, it will elevate your blood pressure, which leads to cardiovascular problems long term. Mitigating risk factors, mixing of alcohol and recreational drugs in with heavy metabolic and the energetic steroid use, just a bad, bad, bad idea. The more risk factors you throw into the pot, the higher your odds are, this is a game of odds where we're all of the dice when we take AS. We know this we're taking a chance but if you mix alcohol and cigarettes and pot and whatever and whatever you're asking to die. You just are limit the risk factors, keep the risk factors as low as possible, excessive body mass, letting your body fat get too high. Even just be a big is rough on your cardiovascular system. If you're you know your big wrongly size, guys that are big wrongly size don't make it 70 or 80 years old, they just don't. It doesn't happen. You don't see any guys that are 70 or 80 years old, they don't exist. Guys have to downsize as they get older. That's something to keep in mind. I'm concerned about it myself. I'm 265, 270 pounds right now and I'm pushing 50 years old. I don't know how healthy it is to be that big at my age. And I have given some consideration to downsizing and I probably will when I hit 50. I want to do a couple more body building shows. I am rolling the dice. I know that but at some point I will probably downsize. With this all results in, you combine all these risk factors together, high fat diets, to edge interviews, too many anti-assurance and stimulative abuse, mixing alcohol and recreational drugs and excessive body mass. And eventually you get into state where your hypertension is high all the time. Your blood sugar is probably elevated all the time. From carrying you end up in a rithicytosis or your blood cells. Your amount of quick gets to high. Your blood basically turns into sludge. You get plaque build up and all this leads to less ventricular hypertrophy where your less ventricule grows to keep up. This is all just a recipe to have a heart attack, have a stroke, have an aneurysm and die. You know, so as we mentioned, health events, heart attack, clots, stroke, aneurysm. So how do we prevent all this? I think one like I mentioned mitigating risk. Body building is a risky sport. All sports are risky. Football is risky. Driving a race car is risky. Climbing Mount Everest is risky. And all of these activities they take precautionary steps to minimize the risk. In football, they wear helmets. They get regular physical stun. They're working with athletic traders to keep an eye on their health. Driving a race car when you drive in a race car 200 miles around the race track, you put on a seat belt. You wear a fireproof suit. You put on a helmet. You have a role cage in the car. You have people on standby waiting to help if there is an accident. Body building, our equivalent of it is reducing risk factors. Staying away from wreck drugs. Getting test on regularly. I'm going to talk about the testing here in a second. How important that is. You don't know with cardiovascular stuff. You don't know until it's too late. You just don't. Sometimes it's warning signs, but the most people ignore them. You just don't know until it's too late. So mitigating risk. Sing away from alcohol drugs. He didn't clean diet. Keeping your body fat relatively low. You're around that. Using bulkings and excuse to eat like an asshole. I do it. I like food, but at the same time you've got to try to eat healthy. You have to keep the saturated fats low. Just basics like that. Some diagnostic testing that I think everybody should be doing. I don't care how old you are. A Dallas, the car, we were 25, 24 when he died. He had a coronary artery blockage that killed him. That is 100% preventable. If he had just gone and got to cardiac CT scan done, they would have noticed the blockage, a pedestant put in, he'd still be alive. The diagnostic testing that people should have done. Basic stuff. CMP, comprehensive metabolic panel, blood work. You can go get these done on your own. Even if you don't want to go to the fucking doctor. I get it. I get it. I get doctors. You know, most of our assholes, they frowned upon what we do. They don't want to help. There are some good ones out there. But take this into your own hands. Talk to your doctor about it. Get your blood work done. Take it to your doctor. Tell them what you need. Comprehensive metabolic panel. Things you're going to look for. I would get this done once a quarter. Guys wait until they, you're cracks me up. Guys will wait until they, they order crews for six weeks and they're eating really clean and then they'll go get their blood work done. Of course it's going to look decent then. When you should be getting your blood done, it's when you're in the middle of a blast. And you're at the highest risk. No way you're at. You know, no way your baseline is and no way you're at when you're redlining the engine. Because that's the stuff that's going to accumulate. Because you do a four week blast once a year and you get your blood work done at the end of that blast. It's not indicative of where you're at. You're around. So you need to know where you're at when you're at your worst and take steps to improve that stuff. So we're, you're, primarily you want to be for hard health. You want to be paying attention to your lipets, your cholesterol, triglycerides. You want to be looking at your A once he making sure that your glucose is under control. C reactive protein, which is an indicator of inflammation. You know, when there's when there's coronary artery disease, there's inflammation in the arteries and C reactive protein will be elevated. That is an indicator. Any CG or what your cardiogram. How fucking apple watch will do any CG? I don't know how accurate it is, but you can, if you want, you can run it with your apple watch. You really should go to the doctor and have a professional one done. But get that done once a year. A cardiac CT scan. You can go do this without the doctor if you don't want to go to the doctor. It's $100. Same thing with the blood work. I can get a full metabolic panel done for like 90 bucks. Blood pressure monitoring. By $20, $30 blood pressure cuff off of Amazon and check your blood pressure daily. You know, checking once a week is, I personally do not think it's enough because I know with my mind, mind's all over the place. Sometimes it's fine. Check it in a little bit. It's fine. And then the next day it'll be up. So you need to look at the averages and look at trends. You'll see that when you take certain compounds it goes up. And that is an indicator that you either need to lower the doses of that compound. Get off that compound or take some sort of corrective action with, with the, you know, blood pressure methods or some sort of lifestyle change. Um, fasting glucose. You guys do not pay attention to their glucose levels. Look, you know, being diabetic, vastly increases your chances of cardiovascular risk. Um, you know, I started with my blood glucose control. I always have diabetes runs in my family. I have to pick close attention to it. A lot of people are that way. They don't, they probably just don't even know. Uh, you know, even even young, you know, looking back now that I know it's the symptoms of high blood sugar. I definitely had them when I was in my 20s. And I was lean. Then I just wasn't paying attention to it. Um, resting pulse, you know, keeping an eye on your resting pulse. If it dramatically increases, you know, something's wrong. You know, I, I, certain compounds will raise your pulse. That's for sure. Um, stimulates will raise your pulse. Um, but if you're redlining your heart all the time, that's not good for your, your long-term cardiovascular health. Um, our ax meds and supplements and things that you can do to, to help mitigate the stuff. This is the, the equivalent of putting the seat belt on in the helmet and the fireproof suit in the race car. Um, I, you know, this is kind of the stack that I use to help with my cardiovascular health. For prescription meds, I take a low dose statin. I use prevestatin. My, my, my doctor gives me it is basically, you know, very minimal side effects if any at all. Um, I am on, um, X for for blood pressure medicine. You know, you got to find one that works for you. They're, they're several different types. Um, ARBs, et cetera. Um, and met form and for glucose sensitivity error for insulin sensitivity. Sorry, um, the help with glucose metabolism. Um, there's other prescription meds that I, I take that help keep my lip. It's in check. My lip, it's tend to get all weighted. Um, um, much, you know, my blood sugar gets high if I don't pay attention to that. So the met form, it helps with that. Um, uh, in the blood pressure medicine, you know, it blows my mind. I hear from body builders all the time and from guys, oh, I don't want to, I don't want to take that stuff because, you know, I don't like taking medicine or they're worried about impacting their gains. And I'm like, okay, so you'll fucking take trend and a bunch of fucking crazy fat burners and run a gram of test and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, but you don't want to take a statin. It makes no fucking sense to me. Zero. Um, over the counter supplements, I, you know, my take one over the counter supplements. There are some that work that help. But the, the, the way the pharmacy companies work if it was something that was highly effective, they would be manufacturing it and putting a pat on it and making it prescription drug. Probably the the most effective over the counter supplement. I have found for cardiovascular health as fish oil. Um, it does, uh, it does raise your HDL. Um, I have seen that and the main thing that it does is, uh, um, helps with clotting. Um, crazy story actually had surgery done a couple of years ago and I forgot to stop taking fish oil for further surgery and I had a major bleed because it's all how much the fish oil impacts clotting. Um, so you know, that will help prevent heart attacks and strokes. Um, and one fish oil pill a day is not going to do it. I take somewhere between six and eight grams of fish oil a day, you know, six to eight pills. It sounds like a lot, but it's really probably less than what you get for me in a piece of raw salmon. Um, burmary to help with, uh, um, insulin sensitivity. Coq 10, um, helps with heart rhythms, uh, baby aspirin also helps with, uh, thinning the blood and, um, keeping, um, you know, you know, preventing clotting. One thing that with I will mourn with baby aspirin is if you have any history who's with stomach ulcers, you might want to stay away from it and you need to make sure you take it with food. It can, um, exacerbate stomach ulcers. So just or bleeding and stomach ulcers will be careful with it. Uh, cartatone, um, this was recommended to me by Dante Trudel a long time ago. Um, it does seem to lower my blood pressure. You know, not as significantly as the blood pressure medicines, but it does have an impact on my blood pressure and a fiber supplement. You know, I take a salium hospital every day before bed. Um, you know, I, you know, people pointed out that they didn't see a lot of fiber in my diet. Um, which is true. Uh, because I have IBS and it just blows blows my stomach up. But I tolerate the salium hospital, but the salium us has been shown to lower cholesterol. Um, so a good fiber supplement will help with that. All of these things will help counteract some of the damage that you're doing with the PEDs. I'm not saying they're, they're, they're, they make you bulletproof. The best thing to do is not to use PEDs at all. Be lean, eat a healthy diet. I forgot to talk about cardio. You know, a lot of guys skimple the cardio. I've been guilty of it. I, I fucking hate doing cardio. Bores the fuck out of me. Uh, but, you know, making sure that even power lifters, everybody, you should be doing some sort of cardio year-round three to four times a week. Something to get your heart rate up, sustained and up, you know, to help with your cardiovascular health. It does make a difference. Anyway, that's all I have on this. If you have questions, please feel free to ask them. I, I will answer your questions as best I can. Um, I don't know everything, but, you know, I can sit in the point near the direction or do some research and find out. If you have suggestions for other videos, let me know. I'm happy to do those as well. Um, as I mentioned earlier, please like and subscribe and really appreciate it. The YouTube gods like it when you subscribe to my channel. I get a lot of people watching, not a lot of people subscribing. And if you want to keep up to date with me, follow me on Instagram at Paul K. Marna. Thanks, have a great day.

=== FILE: Calculating BMR (Basil Metabolic Rate) - Anabolic Bodybuilding [Icyb0aKl-jk].txt ===

So how to calculate your BMR for a body building diet? I'm going to just give you an high level overview of how to calculate it, you know, keep in mind. You're metabolic rate varies between person and person and these are just kind of estimates to start off with. But it gives you a baseline to create a diet from if you're going to create a diet you need to know what you're BMR is. At least have a general idea. We'll dive into a basic example. I have my own formula that I use. I'll show you how that works. So to get started, there is a, there is a, there is a kid of a somewhat of a standard that most dietitians use. It's called the Mifflancy Geo BMR equation. This BMR equation uses a combination of your, your body weight height, age and sex to come up with a, a base metabolic rate. I'm assuming that they're using the weight and height to come up with a body mass index of some sort and using that as a basis to create the diet from that's fine for your average lazy fucking couch potato. It sits around does nothing all day long. It has no muscle mass. But you know, if you, there's a big difference between 250 pounds. Me, you know, it's 10, 12% body fat versus 250 pound fat ass. You doesn't have to think. My metabolic rate is going to be much higher. So this does it really account for that. I, you know, according to this formula, my BMR would be 2007, base metabolic rate. If I ate 2007, the calories, 2100 calories, basically, I'd trival up into nothing. I don't even think my calories got that low on my contest diet. Maybe in the last couple weeks, the load days did. I don't know, but I, I mean, I, I started losing weight when I get below 3000 calories. It's just, just the way the way I am with, you know, muscle does burn calories. You know, so I think it's important for athletes, specifically body builders and strength athletes to calculate in body fat percentage instead of body mass index. So the formula I came up with does that somewhat and also factors in activity level as well. So we'll use me as an example. My walking around weight during the daytime, 250 will just ball, it will just round it up. I'm guessing my body fat's around 12% right now, who knows? Lean body, that would put my lean body mass somewhere around a 220. A base BMR calories, you know, using my formula which is lean body mass times a factor of 12 would give us a base metabolic rate of 2,640. No, the metabolic factor I use, 12, you know, obviously another other bodybuilders, another trainer who's using this 12 times your lean body mass is kind of just a average metabolism. I think my metabolism is actually higher than that. I've seen some people be lower. I've seen the range go from metabolic factor of 10 up to 14 or 15. Somebody has a really fast metabolism. If you get the shit in the stick, you know, like if you have a really shitty metabolism which I've seen, you know, you may be closer to the 2000 calorie range. I don't know, for activity, the formula I come up with is lean body mass times the exercise intensity factor times the hours of exercise spent. You know, just that factor up and down. But I think this is a rough ballpark for weight trading. If you're doing some heavy weight trading, if you're doing fricking squats, deadlifts, listen, listen weight, you may be burning a bit more than that. But this just gives you a ketamine idea. So if we factor these two together, this is my base metabolism is around 3300 a day, which is pretty close. I would tell you this, if I get below 3000, I definitely start losing weight. So this is pretty close. All right. So making adjustments from there. Now this is just going to give you a rough estimate of where your metabolism is at. Okay, you're going to have to tweak it from there. You may be higher or lower. But the first step in doing that is as you need to start weighing and measuring your food and you got to track your weight every day. And you need to be consistent with this stuff. Have the is few variables as possible. So when you're weighing yourself in the morning, or you're waiting stuff, you got to do it in the morning after you use the bathroom before you eat. So you're under the same conditions every day. And you have a consistent weight measurement. Progress picks help too. I would take those weekly, take them on the same day at the same time of day in the same light in the same room. And for the love of fucking God, don't sit there and Photoshop stuff or play with the light, put filters on it and look for the perfect angles. Can you just line to yourself at the day? I don't know why people do that stupid shit for their progress picks. Just do your normal self and you want to do a front relaxed, a side relaxed and a rear relaxed if you know a bodybuilding pose is off. Not you can just kind of wing it. So after this, I would wait probably we can maybe two weeks in track of your weight and see where you're at. If you're using the base metabolic rate and your weight hasn't budged, you know you've nailed it. If you start losing weight, going down, you know your metabolism or your activity level is higher than what you estimate. So you'll need to pull your calories up a bit. If you start gaining weight, you know your metabolism is slower than what you thought or maybe your activity level is in a size of your thought or maybe you're cheating in that way and your food or picking up a few bites here and there, that's possibility. But you will need to make adjustments from there as well, pull them the calories down a bit. Don't stress over daily fluctuations. I look at week by week trends with the weight is turning down, turning up, staying static. That gives me a better indication of where we're at. You know, you're waking shoot up several pounds of a day if you eat a really salty meal or if you eat more carbs and you normally do. Or let's say you are switching from a low carb or keto style diet over to a moderate or higher carb diet, you're going to gain some weight initially because of the extra glycogen you are up taking into the muscle. And the opposite is true. You're going to see all these keto assholes when they lose a bunch of weight when they first start doing a keto diet. Oh look, I lost 10 pounds of fat and when we eat in lose fucking 10 pounds of fat when we eat. That's 35,000 calories with fatty burn. You did not burn 35,000 calories with fat in a week. You dumb fuck. It's just water weight, glycogen depletion. That's all it is. More monocheges can cause weight fluctuations as well. You know, women with menstrual cycles, dudes that are altering their super supplements, just something else to keep in mind. Look at trends. Trends are what matter over the period of time. Make small adjustments. And after a bit of time, you have a good feel for where your metabolism is. I will tell you that it changes constantly throughout the year. My was definitely high as fuck on fire when I was on my diet for the contest and you know, now it's kind of back to normal. I think my base metabolic rate was definitely higher than I can tell from my energy levels too. Anyway, thank you. Hopefully this is helpful. If you want me to make any other videos, please let me know. I'm happy to do so. I'm open for suggestions. Please like, comment and subscribe. I have tons of people watching my videos right now, but not many people subscribing. You help me with the YouTube gods. If you subscribe and follow me on Instagram at Paul K. Barnett. Thank you. Have a good day.

=== FILE: Can you get rid of gyno (gynocamastia) without surgery. [omuZ-P9kEHs].txt ===

Can you get rid of Gino without surgery? That's a lot of people ask me this question. I can't go video. It is possible if you catch it early enough. But if you have to catch it pretty early, I mean anything probably a pea size lump or smaller. Maybe if it's a marble size lump, you might be able to get rid of it on your own. But once it gets bigger than a pea or a marble size, if you feel a huge rubbery, large lump behind your nipple or if there's just tissue all up, down the side of your chest, it's probably too late you're going to need surgery. Now with that said, if you start feeling nipple-sortice, maybe you're lactating, that's a whole other issue, you're being the pro-lactin then. If you're nipple-sortice nipple puffiness, itchiness around the nipple, you feel hard lump developing. Get ahead of it. If you wait, wait, you can treat it. I know a common thing that a lot of bodybuilders will do is use a combination of letters all into moxifim and they hammer away at it for a few weeks. Sometimes you can get those lumps to shrink back up and go away. I've also heard of people throwing in master on in with that as well. The lectures all in Tomoxifim were not worth it, but are standard issue breast cancer treatments right now. They have been clinically shown to shrink breast growth, which is what we have here. It's cancer, it's been nine. Master on was originally used as anti-breast cancer medicine as well. They've also been shown to prevent big growth breast tissue. I will say this, in our four more new lectures, it's fucking nasty. It'll make you feel like shit. You're joining sick on a herd, you're going to feel like crap. It's going to fuck a cholesterol up. I would not run it for very long. I'm only necessary to get rid of it. Another thought too is I would stay away from any compounds that exacerbate kind of if you're prone to it. Why cause the problem to begin with? If you can afford the surgery, it is nice to have just have the glands taken out. Don't let my experience if you watch my videos scare you. I just had a shitty surgeon the first go around, didn't know what the fuck they were doing. So make sure your surgeon has experience with it, understand how to get rid of gyna apparently. I'm also highly prone to it. I had it naturally. It was a teenager. You don't have to be on anything to get gyna. People that's another misconception. Anyway, I hope this helps. Let me know if you have any questions. Thank you.

=== FILE: Carb Cycling for Fat Loss - Anabolic Bodybuilding [Y6W46nYQrkc].txt ===

Carb cycling diet fat loss strategy explained. I want to go fed so many people asking me about the diet I did from a show and outworks and I worked with Justin Harris from Tripone in nutrition and I used these Carb cycling approach which you know I was loosely familiar with before I worked with him which is why I chose him to help me with my diet because it made logical sense to me how the diet worked and I needed some money to help keep me accountable and whatnot but anyway we worked together I've won a great deal from him I've done my own research as well and I wanted to share with people just kind of at a high level how Carb cycling works for fat loss you know hopefully this will help give you just a general overview of how Carb cycling works. Anyway, pitching here on the first page is this is crazy this was me eight weeks before my show and six weeks after the exact same body weight so if you have any doubts about how it works you can see the complete body composition transformation here so the very first thing that's important understand with Carb cycling is calories and calories out in thermodynamics the human body is a close thermodynamic system you can't violate the fundamental laws of physics so it is calories and calories out as much as you want to believe that it's not it is and you have to be at a deficit to burn fat it is a must a required you can't burn fat any other way now you can create that deficit in a multitude of ways you know through doing cardio fat burners, cutting calories you know there there's a multitude of ways to do it for more detail I have a video where I go into great length about the health or my dynamics works and calories and calories out it's just watching that before watching this if you haven't done so yet so Carb cycling for fat burning the the high level concept of it the way we ran and we had low medium and high days below and medium days during the fat burning phase were at a high book color they were at a deficit and they are intended for fat burning you know my experience I felt like the first initial days I was dipping into glycogen and then towards the end of the you know we would do six fat burning days and then a high day so I felt like the first few days I was missing burning off guy like a gen and then it was noticeable fat burning after the second half of the week medium days are typically training days okay days that you're lifting weights and you have slightly more carbs that help fuel the weight training low days the carbs are lower towards the end of my diet we actually had zero carb days on low days but those are off days you don't need the carbs if you're not doing anything if you're sitting around on your ass it's a rest day you don't need carbs okay you just don't it basically ends up being a wash if you factor in the amount of calories you probably burn during weight training at least by my math it is you know it's hard to say how many calories you actually burn during weight training but you know I look at my apple watch and it gives me an idea I don't know how accurate that is but you know anyway there it it one's up being in that neutral I believe the high day you know we were doing one high day a week towards the end we were adding more we were having a couple I guess not metabolism just caught fire but high days are for refilling glycogen and boosting your metabolism training days they're on training days only typically leg days you want to do it on a heavy lifting day you don't want to do it on arms or something like that probably probably leg or back would be ideal day to do it or if you have a week body part you want to bring up when you're doing off season training that would be a good day too we did once every seven days for the most part towards the end like I said we were doing a couple days a week sometimes the high day detailed how it works the okay so get understand the body on the stories excess carbs as either fat or muscle and liver glycogen okay you want to take advantage of that day by pushing the excess carbs into glycogen stores okay this fills your muscles out gives you energy to train makes you look for spikes in metabolism you know it you know Justin said that a large body motor can store anywhere between a thousand and fifteen hundred grams of carbs is glycogen if fully depleted that's insane when you think about it this doesn't violate you know so when you're eating these excess calories from carbs you would think well this how does this not violate thermodynamics in you know you're not you're not gaining fat on these days when you're pushing these carbs into the glycogen stores but how does this not violate thermodynamics simple the calories aren't going away they're just being stored as muscle glycogen okay there's still there thermodynamics has been violated another nice benefit of this is that prevents diet fatigue you know I was never at a point where I felt like I couldn't make it I only had to make it a couple more days to get to that high day and have some food and feel better protein is kept lower on the high days because carbs a high carb insulin high insulin state is muscle sparing fats are kept as close to zero as possible because your bodies in in a high insulin state there's only one place fat can be stored and that's in fat stores okay so we don't want that so we keep the fat as close to zero as possible insulin can be leverage to store carbs if you're if you're a big bodybuilder in your eating thousands and fifteen hundred grams of carbs you probably can't shut all those carbs into the muscle without insulin a sample of a basic carb cycling diet okay so let's just take basic carbs like that let's just say this bodybuilder a their base metabolic rate is three thousand calories okay this you ran six days at a deficit of one thousand calories that deficit can be created through cutting calories from the diet doing cardio fat burners whatever this should be almost two pounds of weight loss during the course of a week close to it during this time your body's going to burn through most of its glycogen and you're by day six you're going to be pretty well glycogen depleted. High day on day seven say you're at a thousand calorie surplus you go up to four thousand calories instead of eating two thousand calories it's a huge swing and you are eating a thousand grams of carbs and using this is an example those carbs if we've done everything properly will be stored mostly as glycogen and not as fat which is crazy right it's a cool trick of the body and to keep you full and keep you looking good as a bodybuilder which is what we want we want we want full muscles we want to burn fat we don't want to burn muscle tissue my experience my personal experience the high days kept me sane I've done other diets before keto comes to mind I absolutely lost my fucking mind when I did keto I could not sustain it I just couldn't think I felt like it was going to die I want it I started having crazy carb cravings and I think that's the case with most people and then they just end up binging so what happened to me you just end up binging you you can't sustain it you end up binging I always knew I only had to make it a few more days before I could be kept in crunch and gummies and pie filling I get to have fun things like that in loose body fat I got down the single digit body fat while eating captain crunch and gummy bears and pie filling and whatever you know fru juice shit like that you wouldn't normally think that you you could even I would which is crazy cool the one thing that was wild too is my weight loss actually accelerated as I got further into the diet we had to add calories back in my metabolism had just caught fire so much you if you look at the top right of the screen you can see my weight loss chart up there you can see the peaks and valleys so the the days where you see the peaks of the days after I did a hide day and then you can see my metabolism accelerated again right afterwards usually what I found is by the time I reached day five day six my weight loss started to slow down and then I would have the the hide day and then things would just catch fire again right after that you know my metabolism would kick right back off to be honest with you I probably could have eaten more than I did we probably lost too much weight towards the end and we probably could have had more food and then we did I probably could have gotten away with two hide days a week although we did add extra hide days towards the end and you know you can see the the picture down on the right I had it at the beginning we talked about it the amazing transformation and body composition the the picture on the left was pre-contest I think six or eight weeks pre-contest the one on the right is six or six weeks I think post-contest I'm the exact same weight in these two pictures like 220 to 25 the exact same weight it was just crazy right that is a completely different body composition and it was from the diet now I will see this you can't deviate you got a way in measure everything accuracy is very important it's not going to work if you're just eyeballing shit or if you're having a cheat meal it's a good little cheat meal here and there you're not going to get through the results out of it you have to follow the diet you have to weigh and measure everything you have to be meticulous with it that is a mandatory requirement thank you for watching my video hopefully this answered some questions please like and subscribe feel free to ask questions in the comments section if you have them there are other videos you would like me to make let me know I'm happy to do so and follow me on instagram at pole k baronat thank you

=== FILE: Carb Cycling for Hypertrophy - Anabolic Bodybuilding [RJoFkcUAVFI].txt ===

Carbsightling for hypertrophy. Carbsightling for hypertrophy, if that also are really too completely different. Things are almost too different diets. You're still pulling calories up and down. The macronutrient structure is different. The purpose of the high days is completely different. I want to go into detail on it a little bit and talk about it. Hopefully this will give you a better understanding of how it works with the differences I. But we'll get into it here. First things first, you need to understand how the macros are applied to carbs cycling for size. And get a feel for how the macros work in the diet. So, of course we have the three macros protein fats and carbs. Your body can utilize all three as fuel. For some reason, I don't have people seem to be under this misunderstanding that protein can't be used for fuel. I don't know where that comes from, but I'm afraid a lot of people say that, but that's absolutely untrue. So with carbs cycling for high-perchryphine, we want to prioritize carbs as the fuel source. Carbs are the bodies preferred fuel source. I know you keto assholes out there. You're not going to like to hear that, but it is the ideal fuel source for your body to run on. You feel the best when you're eating carbs. That's why you crave carbs. That's why your body wants carbs. Your body runs optimally when it has carbs. So, it is especially when we're strength training carbs are what your muscles use for fuel. If you want to maximize your strength training, get the most out of it. You got to have carbs. You got to have full glycogen stores in the muscles, which is store carbohydrates to get the most out of your strength training. Otherwise you're not. And it's just as simple as that. You can want it, wish it, want something different, but it's just not true. So to grow, with that in mind, to grow, we want to optimize the nutritional environment to maximize high-perchryphine. So if carbs are what are the preferred fuel source for the muscle, you should be eating carbs, correct? How are you, you know, keep this in mind. I'm not saying that carbs are essential to survival. In fact, they are the only macronutrient that you don't need to survive. You will die after a period of time if you don't eat proteins or fats. You will not die if you are eating protein fats and not carbs. Carbs are not necessary for survival. They are necessary if you want to optimize high-perchryphine and be the best bodybuilder you can be. So we need to understand, you know, with that in mind, we need to understand the macros role in the diet. I'm going to go into detail on each one. So protein is, first and foremost, your body prefers to use it to repair and build tissue and maintain immune function, assist with nutrient absorption. Secondarily, it can be used as a fuel source through a process called gluconeogenesis where it starts breaking down proteins for, and to convert them into glucose. That's not what we want. We want those proteins to be preserved for muscle protein synthesis, muscle growth, hypertrophy. So we want to minimize protein being used as fuel. And the best source of the best way to do that, the best source of food to prevent that is carbs, carbs, raised insulin levels, insulin levels, insulin is protein sparing, eating more carbs is protein sparing in itself. Another thing about protein, another big misconception, and just back to the early 2000s, guilty of this one, in late 90s, early 2000s, people used to think you need to eat like 600, 700 grams of protein for muscle growth. The more protein you ate, the more muscle growth you're not, this is not true. We'll get into that a little bit more later, I'll break down the math for you and go into some detail about that. But if you're eating more carbs, you don't even need as much protein since carbs are protein sparing. Complete amino acid chains are necessary to build muscle. This is another thing. I'm sorry, vegans. The only source of protein that is a complete amino acid chain is animal protein. It's just the facts. Now it's not to say you can't get all of the amino acids needed for muscle growth through vegetable sources, but you have to stack and mix different vegetable sources to do it. It's not optimal. This diet is about optimal, optimizing muscle growth. We're not looking at health or whatever. It's optimizing muscle growth. Fat. Fat are used for, if that's kind of a utility tool in dietary and macrosic and use for a lot of different things, you can use for stored energy otherwise known as fat. You belly fat. It's like the body, protect organs, helping protein works, start chemical reactions, immune function hormone, manufacturing hormones, maintaining aspects of basic metabolism and absorbing fat soluble vitamins. Now the thing is with fats, you don't need that many of them to accomplish things, but you do need them. The average American greatly over consumes fats. I'm so an interesting study recently where they show that people are eating less carbohydrates. Now that they were 20 years ago, but they're fat or than they ever were. But if you look at the chart, they're eating less carbs, but they're eating a lot more fat. I think that has to do with people or people doing keto diets or a lot of foods that say keto friendly and people end up eating them and they just have a lot more fat in them. So when we're burning fat, we're trying to die for sure. We do want to burn fat. We want to use fat as a primary fuel source. When we're trying to put on size, we do not. Fat as we used to establish isn't an optimal fuel source for hypertrophy and weight training. Carbs, carbs are strictly used by the body as fuel. They have no other purpose and the body other than to be used as fuel. There are no, I mistype to here. There are no essential carbs. There are essential fatty acids. There are essential amino acids. There are no essential carbs. Although it is the body's preferred fuel source. It runs best on carbs. All carbs are essentially converted into glucose in the bloodstream. Glucous is absorbed into the cells where it's used as energy. Insulin sends the message to the cell to accept the glucose. Not enough insulin. Insulin in the blood. The carbs can't be used or can't be absorbed by the cell. If your insulin resistant, your cells are insulin resistant and will not accept the insulin. Carbs will not be accepted into the cells either. We need to optimize insulin production. We need to optimize insulin sensitivity to be able to utilize those carbs effectively. The body stores unused carbs in three different places. Muscle glycogen, which is what we want. We want the muscles to be full and big. Round, pumped. Liver glycogen is another place. You have limited stories. Muscle glycogen. The body can store a large bodybuilder can store 1,500 grams of carbs as muscle glycogen. A crazy amount. Liver glycogen, I think it's something like 60 or 70. It's pretty small. And then fat. Carbs can be converted into fat. As we mentioned, carbs are the optimal fuel source for weight training. The high carbs in high insulin state and the body. When you're in a high insulin state, it makes the cells not only receptive to pulling in carbohydrates, but pulling in other nutrients such as amino acids. If we have increased amino acid uptake, we have increased protein synthesis and muscle growth. So there's another question. You talked about it a little bit earlier. The whole myth of eating a shit tonna, the bro myth of eating a shit tonna protein. Should I eat a lot of protein if I want to get big muscles or made out of muscle? Maybe I should eat more muscles to get big muscles. You should eat just enough to get the job done and maybe a little extra just to cover the basis. Eating twice as much as you need is not going to cause twice as much muscle growth. We've established that now. Most bodybuilders now are eating shit tonna protein that they were back in the late 90s or early 2000s and dudes are just as big of the everywhere. I don't know if any of you know who Patrick Tour is. He trains a lot of the top bodybuilders now. He's in a very James Hollings head. His guys are the biggest fullest guys on the stage and he does high carb. We're approaching diets. Studies have pretty well established that 0.75 grams per pound of body weight is really all it's needed to recover from weight. Now let's say you're enhanced. You're training really hard. You're probably going to need a little bit more than that. They're studying natural athletes. We know that antibiotics are in increased proteins. That's why you can utilize more of that protein for muscle growth. Let's play it safe and we'll consume between 1.25 if you want to be really aggressive. You can go up to 1.5 grams per pound which is probably unnecessary. But let's say 1.25 is plenty. Let's break down the math on it so you can get a full grasp of how little protein you need to grow muscle. Let's assume that you were a freak of nature and gain 20 pounds a year with big ramy. 20 pounds of muscle is 9,071 grams. 9,071 grams divided by 365 days is 24.85 grams per day. That's only 25 grams of protein synthesis per day. I'm assuming that all of that muscle is protein which is not. There's going to be some other things in there. Like a gender, et cetera. Considering that, why do you need so much protein? What's happening to the rest of that protein? The 500 grams. You're just shitting it out, turning it into fat, whatever. You're about to just not using it. High carb days are used to leverage insulin to create growth. When insulin bites through sector, it increases amino acid uptake. We have weight training and the stimulate protein synthesis to pull that protein into the muscle cell. As long as we're doing all of that, we need a minimal amount of protein to grow. One.25 grams is still a lot. For a guy who has 300 grams of protein a day. Applying to macros to the diet, it'll save carbs. Carbs are higher on lifting days since they are optimal for feeling muscle and it keeps insulin levels high, which we've established improves amino acid uptake. Well, we're on our workout days. If you're sitting around and you're asking to eat, playing video games all day, you really don't need that many carbs. Those excess carbs are probably going to be stored as fat anyway, and we want to minimize fat storage. Fats are kept moderately low since carbs are high. You really don't need that many fats to do all these essential functions in the body. I don't, you know, please don't quote me on this, but I read somewhere that you really only need something like 20 or 30 grams of essential fatty acids per day to do everything the body needs to do. It may be more than that. I don't know. I'm just pulling that number straight out of my ass, but I recall seeing that. So you, so you know, what you want to do here is you want to eat enough essential fats to keep your healthy and maintain essential body functions no more. Okay? Any fats that you eat in excess and the high carbohydrates they're just going to get stored as fat anyway. So there's no point in having a ton of fats, just what you need. Protein, even enough to feed the muscle and fuel protein synthesis and just a little extra in case as we discussed. It should be from whole animal food sources and spread out evenly through the day, so we have level of, you know, acid levels in the blood. We established that animal protein is the only one with complete amino acids, so we need to stick with animal proteins. You want your meals spaced every two to three hours apart to maintain consistent amino acid levels in five to six meals per day ideally. You know, I found anything further than three hours apart. You really can't even fit the meals in between waking hours. So two to three hours is ideal if you can't really go less than two hours because you just don't have the food digested by them. You know, so three hours, two and a half, three hours seems to be the sweet spot for me. I time my meals usually two and a half hours apart that seems to work pretty well. As long as you're eating things are easy to digest. If you're eating a lot more fiber, you know, dense foods, you may need a little more time between meals, but if you're eating chicken and rice, your body processes it pretty quickly. Carb cycling for high-perrophy, how the diet is constructed. Okay. Low days are going to be your off-days with the gym when you're not working out and you don't need a lot of fuel. These days tend to be slightly hypochloric. You're running in a bit of a deficit that day, maybe even burning a little bit of fat. Carb's a kept lower. Fats might be slightly higher that day since carbs are lower. We can refuel one on our fats if we need to. Moderate amount of protein on that day. We're at the 1.25. Let's say we're at the 1.25 grams per pound. Medium days should be isocoloric, moderate carbs, moderate fats, moderate protein. And when I say moderate carbs, it's, you know, on this diet, it's a fair amount. I think I'm eating somewhere in the neighborhood of 500 grams of carbs on my medium days. You know, so that may not be moderate to some people for in my world that is moderate. Protein is up, you know, maybe not quite as high as a low days. Sometimes the low days will be a tad higher. Sometimes not. But it's in that 1.25 gram per pound range. High days. You want your high days to be on training days. Okay. And more specifically, you probably wanted on days where you're doing your hardest training leg days back days. So you're putting those calories to use or or weak body parts. Typically, we're going to start off with two days per week that are high days. And, you know, if your metabolism can handle it without putting on excess body fat, work towards three days. On these days, you want your fast to be as close to zero as possible. When you're in that high carb high insulin state, any excess fat you eat or just going to get stored as fat. So we want to keep fat as low as possible. Lower protein on these days. You can go down to as low as the 0.75.8 grams per pound. I'm like around one gram per pound of body per body weight on those days. But that's plenty. You know, we've established that carbs and insulin are protein sparing. So you don't need the excess carbs. Really high carbs on these days. The carbs are going to be pretty high. My mind is, I think, somewhere in the 900 range. So what I'm eating on these days, you just have to kind of feel your metabolism out. You want to eat as much as you can without adding tons of body fat. Okay. You want to push it up to that, push it up to that line, but not over it. High carb days, the little more detail on the high carb days. One more cutting in a fat loss phase, and some people hate the term cutting and what to fuck ever. It's some antics. But when you're dieting, the purpose of the high carb day is completely different. The purpose is to refill glycogen and stimulate the metabolism and just give you a mental break from the diet and being low carb and feeling like shit. For a high-perrophy, the high carb day is to stimulate additional protein synthesis from the food to maximize growth. Okay. Completely different purpose. Your glycogen is not going to be fully depleted by the time you get to the high day when you're in a high-perrophy phase. It probably is going to be when you're on a diet cutting phase. Another thing about the high days, you never want to run the high days back to back. They should never be on consecutive days. If you do some of those calories, your glycogen is going to be completely topped off. So, any of those excess calories are going to be that you don't burn in your workout or aren't used for refueling glycogen are going to just be stored as fat. So, running back to back high days is probably just going to make you fat. So, I'm going to really add as far as my muscles goes. So, we want to minimize fat gain. You just won't be depleted enough. And also, we want to be mindful of insulin sensitivity. If you're pounding high carbs all the time, your insulin sensitivity is going to go to shit. And we're also going to put a lot of stress on the pancreas to keep up with insulin production as well. You know, you can end up wearing your pancreas out and become a fucking diabetic. So, we want to maximize insulin sensitivity, maintain, and digest insulin production where possible. So, that brings us to this supplementing exogenous insulin in metformin. As you get older, you use growth hormone, you've been doing this for a while, your insulin sensitivity and insulin production are going to be decline. It's just, you know, some people it's different than others. My body can't keep up on it's own. I just know that, you know, it's everybody in my family's fucking diabetic when they get past 45. What to keep in mind about insulin people think through some magic insulin is in directly antibiotic. It's indirectly antibiotic, you know, through insulin is just a storage hormone. It tells the body to uptake nutrients or cells. This includes carbohydrates, blood glucose, and amino acids. So, indirectly, when we're pushing more amino's into these muscles, so we're helping hypertrophy and, and, uh, cannibalism. Okay, so that's why it's indirectly antibiotic. You know, we talked about it before a little bit, but wouldn't, wouldn't your blood sugars run high? When your body isn't making enough insulin or your insulin sensitivity is shot to help, that's when your blood sugars run high. So, it's important to keep track of your blood sugar. I know a lot of bodybuilders don't do that, but you have got to track your blood sugar. I would recommend to anybody who's eating a high carb diet or a dead-on-body-building that you keep track of your blood glucose levels. You can get a meter at Walmart for fucking $20 with some strips, and you just prick your finger. Don't be a fucking pussy about pricking your finger. Just do it in the morning when you get up, see where you're at a couple times of week. And if you see those numbers creeping up, you know, you need to do something about it. Either you need to go on a diet and lose some body fat, which will increase insulin sensitivity, or you need to supplement with something, you know, insulin, metformin, berberin. You need to address the issue. Eat less carbs that we'll do it too. So, when to use insulin, blood sugar dictates insulin and metformin use in my opinion. Not the other way around. People will just slam insulin and have no plan or whatever for their diet, and they adjust their diet to the insulin use. It should be the other way around. You're insulin. If you're going to use insulin, your insulin should be to facilitate your diet. That's it. You know, blood sugar dictates the insulin and metformin use. So start with metformin first. Find out if it's an insulin sensitivity issue. If it's an insulin sensitivity issue, and you see your fasting blood sugar levels come back down when you use metformin, you know what the problem is. It's insulin sensitivity, not insulin production. In metformin has some benefits for longevity too. I'm not really going to get into much of that, but new studies are showing that it reduces cancer risk. And, you know, having better insulin sensitivity is better for longevity as well. So you may want to just use it as a longevity enhancer as well. If the metformin doesn't help, it may be that your body is just not making enough insulin. The insulin production, it's natural insulin production, isn't enough to keep up with with carbs at your eating. And you may need to supplement with exogenous insulin. So if your blood sugar is your fasting blood sugar is creep more than 100 in the morning. If you're more than 130 pre-meal, you know, if it's, you're going your three hours between meals and you check it pre-meal and it's one third above 130. Something's going on, okay, and you need to be addressed. When you do use insulin, I would start with something fast acting like human log. Start off with just the high days. Use five units or less. And see what the dustier blood glucose levels use at every other meal. And then adjust up only when necessary. You know, you don't want your glucose levels getting below 70. And so ideally, they should be somewhere between 70 and 100 pre-meal. Remember, too, if you're eating like shit enough, all in a diet, eating a high fat diet, and you're taking insulin with that, it's just going to make you fatter. That's why people can fat when they take insulin. Or they're just eating too much. They're eating too many carbs. You know, if you've filled up your glycogen store, where do you think that is the excess calories are going to go? They're going to go to your fucking hips. You love handels, you're ass. You belly. You hit, there's only, there's only, there's only so many carbs you can fit into your glycogen stores. Everybody asked me about the cheat meal. And how does the cheat meal work? How does the cheat meal work? People are fucking obsessed with the cheat meal. Jesus fucking Christ, give the cheat meal a break. Got Almighty. You know, if you must have a cheat meal, it should only be on the sixth day. I try to keep it cleaner if possible. You know, start with protein carbs, maybe something's a little higher fat than you normally eat. You know, a good example would be, I'll go to the steakhouse and grab a steak and a plain potato and some vegetables. You know, the steak might have a little bit of fat and more fat than I normally would eat. You know, I know they put fucking oil on butter on the vegetables at the steakhouse. Met a training food, one of my favorite go to is the grab cababs after a workout on a high day. So she is another good option. As long as you're not like the fatty fried stuff or the fucking shit that has like sauce and stuff all over. It's thick to the regular rolls. That's just this fish and vegetables and rice. Burger and fries, you know, as a higher fat option, but you're still eating, it's essentially meat and potatoes. You know, if you need to tickle that urge to have a higher fat, gene meal. Really, you should avoid, I just don't think they have any place in a bodybuilding diet. You should avoid high fat, high carb, low protein foods, donuts, ice cream, pizza, pastries, high fat cannula, candy bars, bread and pasta. Sorry about that. That's my daughter, cackling back here. If you must do a dessert, do it after a clean,ish, cheat meal. So that way you're not poundin' it, believe me. I like my fucking cookies. I'm going to a little ape shit on the chunk food after my contest, but you can only get away with it for so long before it makes your fat. So that food is going to do nothing for your body composition. I don't care what anybody says that you need a muffin, donuts, cookies, ice cream, whatever. It's going to do zero to enhance your body composition. Optimal is the optimal thing is just not to have the cheat meal period. When I'm dieting for a show, I just don't do it at all. You can make your own cheat meal. You can make burger and fries at home. Get fries and put them in the air fryer and get 96% lean ground beef and make burgers. There's really not a lot of fat in there. That's a pretty clean meal and it still feels like you're cheating. That's another option. But the better you're eating, the better your results are going to be. You don't need cheat meals. There is no physiological reason to have a cheat meal. There is psychological reasons to have it. If you want to keep your significant other happy, a date night, going out, need whatever is fine. Having dinner with your family, I'm not saying be the douchebag that shows up to Thanksgiving, dinner with your, your top of where full fucking chicken and rice. Why everybody else is eating the turkey and potatoes? Just have some turkey and potatoes for a while. One meal is not going to kill you. These motherfuckers at one of each cheat meals every goddamn day. You're always going to be fat. You're never going to get in shape. So, this is the truth of it. Thank you for watching my video. Hopefully this was helpful. Please like and subscribe. I've got tons of people watching my videos. Nobody subscribing. I'm begging you. Please subscribe. Feel free to ask questions in the comments section. If there are other videos you like me to make. Let me know. I'm open to suggestions and follow me on Instagram at Paul K. Barnett. Thanks.

=== FILE: Cheat Meal Psychology for Bodybuilding [RG0HFuqjrho].txt ===

Cheat meals. Everybody loves good cheap meal. I'm guilty. I want to talk about productive, unproductive cheat meals, having a healthy or unhealthy relationship with food. I know over the years I have a definitely struggle with food addiction. It's, everybody has a vice, so they say, but you know, something you turn to psychologically comfort you when you're stressed out, upset. To me, that's where things delve into the addiction territory where you need this thing to cope. And food has been that for me in the past, but I'm stressed out, I want to eat, eating makes me feel good. And you know, either in times of my life I've been a beast and I've come back down and got myself in shape and then I'll get a beast again and come back down and get a shape. It's a vicious cycle. And I found that a lot of bodybuilders definitely have unhealthy relationships with food. I see it a lot in this community where people get obsessed with the cheat meals. And to me it's a slippery slope. You know, sometimes they are necessary for various reasons. And I think there are two types of cheat meals you have psychological need for a cheat meal. And you have a physiological need for a cheat meal. And on the psychological end, you get mental fatigue with diet. After you've been dieting for so long, you just start to lose your goddamn mind and you need you. You got to have something to eat, it's something different. You know, to quail in craving. But it is a slippery slope. I, you know, there are some people that are just fine. They can have a cheat meal. They eat that piece of pie or whatever they were craving piece of pizza and they're good to go back on diet and then problems. And then there's the other person where it's just like light and a pants on fire. It's like giving an alcoholic a shot of whiskey. They want to clear out the whole bar. That's me. That's the way I work. If, if I have a piece of pie, I want to eat the whole damn pie. If I have a piece of pizza, I want to eat the whole pizza. And it just racks me mentally. That's why you know, when I do my contest prep, I, I think it did one cheat meal. And that's when my coach told me to, through the whole entire, well, yeah, really one dirty cheat meal through the entire diet. I had a hamburger in french fries the night before my show. And I was pretty depleted. Otherwise, I just don't go full tilt. I, like an asshole, after my contest prep. And I know a lot of people do that. And there's different types of cheat meals too. You know, there's dirty and clean cheats. And, you know, what I mean by dirty cheat is something that provides really no benefit for bodybuilding purposes. Geno, those meals are high in fat and high in carbohydrates and low in protein. An example of a dirty cheat would be having a cookie eating a donut, slice of pizza. You know, any any process for potato chips, things like that that really provide no nutritional value that is of use for building muscle and improving conditioning. Those, those don't help. For me, what I had to find is a clean cheat would be something that maybe has a little bit more fat, but has the other things that you need for quality carbohydrates, quality protein. And in example, would be like going out to going out to a nice sushi restaurant and having a bunch of sushi. That would be a little more fat than what you probably have. There's going to be some avocado. It's all natural stuff. Another example I like Mediterranean food. That's a cheat meal that doesn't make me lose my mind, but it also has some nutritional value eating some cababs and rice. It's probably a little more fat than what I normally eat, but that's what I would define as a clean cheat. A steak in a potato or steak even mashed potatoes. That would be something that would have purpose in bodybuilding. But um, so you know, you have your clean and your dirty cheat. There's also sometimes a physiological need for an off-skidinal meal. Um, and you know, when you're extremely depleted, um, there's you have that need where you may need to fill back up with carbs or fat towards the end of a contest diet. I will tell you this, if you're two weeks into your contest diet and you need to cheat me, you're a bad spot. You don't need to cheat me on if you're two weeks into the contest diet. I just don't. I don't know what to tell people. I think that's why I want to people. I saw a bodybuilding show this weekend, a local show. There was some guys that were in shape. There was some guys that had no business being on the stage. They think, I don't know what the fuck they did with their diet, but they weren't ready to be on the stage. They clearly didn't take it seriously. Um, and I do think a lot of people are just overly successful cheat me. You know, they see their favorite pro-pusting picture of eating a milkshake and hamburger franchise up on up on Instagram, but you know, the way they don't realize is that every other ounce of food that they eat is way to measure and considered. So you're not that dude. So don't try to emulate Chris Bum's that eating pizza. I promise you he eats clean. Um, you know, so when there's a physiological need, you're going to eat clean food just more of it. You know, you might have more rice. You might actually throw something in like some breakfast cereal to fill your glycogen stores back up. That would be something I would consider a refeed clean sheet. But you know, at times you do need that, but like I said, you don't need a two to three weeks until you're diet. When you get towards the end of your diet, you need to play it, you need it. In the off season, when you're trying to put on size, you can have a little more liberty with what you eat. I still don't think there's ever any productive reason to eat cookies ice cream potato chips donuts. A lot of the shit that I see people posting on social media. I love cookies, man. They're my downfall. I'll eat the fuck out of some cookies. I can't just have one, but one cookie, one chocolate chip cookie, like a reasonable size chocolate chip cookie. It's like 500 calories. That leads one cookie. I don't, I believe I love them. You know, you know, you think about a pound of fat, a 3500 calories, and you know, you eat half a pizza or half a dozen cookies. You eat two, three dozen calories and one setting. That is not productive. Not good for your health. Not good for your bodybuilding goals. So to rehash this, know your psychology, know how your brain works. If you're the type of person that can't control yourself and having a cheat is just going to light the flame one fire, your food addict, like I am. Don't do it. Don't have a dirty cheat. Okay. Clean cheat's fine. That's not going to set your pants off fire, like it does with me with a dirty cheat. So if you use steak and potato, you're going to be fine. If you're the type of person that, you know, and I've seen people like this work, they have a milkshake. They're good to go. They go eight weeks. They need a milkshake. Then they're back on track. If you're that type of person, know that you're that type of person, then you can do that. Having a good nutritionalist or coach you're working with, especially when you're in contest prep, your brain does not work right when you're in contest prep. I can promise you you're going to think you're depleted when you're not. You can push harder. You can get leaner. You're going to think you need a cheat meal and you don't need a cheat meal. You need that person in your ear telling you when you need it, when you don't need it. And sometimes you're depleted. I've gotten this too. Like, we're just pushing myself too hard. And I get too depleted and then I'm being flat because I've pushed myself too hard. You need somebody in your tone. It's okay to have that meal. So know who you are. Know what you can get away with. How somebody you can lean on when you're in contest prep. When you're putting on size here and I have hypertrophy phase, don't use it as an excuse to eat like an asshole. You know, you don't be eating donuts and cook these and potato chips and french fries all the time. It isn't productive. You're just going to make yourself fat. That's not going to be a good muscle. Anyway, hopefully this helps. Have a great day.

=== FILE: Clenbuterol - Drug Profile - Anabolic Bodybuilding [bqtfE5f7gJs].txt ===

Today we're going to talk about Climbinger All, probably the most widely known fat burner that people use for contest prep. Everybody talks about Climbinger All. I'm going to use Climbing Dude, Climbing Trin. We'll take into it a little bit. I personally, it's my favorite fat burner. It is effective, but within the context of how you use it and diet it, etc. It's not magic, like with some people thinking, can you like shit and lose a bunch of weight with it? So it's like it doesn't work that way. Before we start the video, if you don't mind, I would appreciate it if you take the time to subscribe to my channel. Like the video. Comment if you have any questions, I like answering questions and I'll do my best to help you out the point you're in the right direction. Also, if you want to keep up to date with what's going on with me, you can follow me on Instagram at Paul K. Barnett. Alright, so let's dig into this Climbing Bro. Properties of Climbing Dude are all. It is a some path of memetic used by, used as a deep congested in a bronchio dialator, aka it's an asthma medicine. It relaxes smooth muscle tissue. I would tell you it's pretty effective as a medication. I have my out asthma and it works better for me relieving my asthma than any of the prescription meds that I've had. It also has thermogenic properties. This stuff that we're interested in is bodybuilders. It stimulates the metabolic rate by raising body temperature. It also directly stimulates fat cells to break down. It's another compelling benefit of it. It is a selective to beta to, sorry, it's a selective beta to adrenal receptor agonist. One of the things regular beta to agonist can cause heart issues. It will be your hospital has limited effect on the heart tissue. Not to say there aren't some cardiovascular risk with it, but it doesn't seem to have direct much of direct effect on the heart. They're indirect things that can cause issues with the heart. Of the effects of Climbing Dude are all. It's pretty straightforward. It's a bronchio dialator and a thermogenic burn fat. It is good for asthma. Side effects of Climbing Dude are all. There are a bunch. Anxiety increased body temperature headaches. Lightheadedness and dizziness. Night sweats. Trimers. Hand, hand shakes. Blood pressure variability. I'm out of here. People talk about it. Given high blood pressure, but studies have also shown that people get severe drops in blood pressure. I've had that issue with it before. My blood pressure got down to 90 over 50. What I was taking it. I felt like it was going to pass out when I stood up any time. So just something to keep in mind. Muscle cramps in Somniya. I'm increased heart rate. It does cause some shitty muscle cramps when you first start taking it. The good thing is the side effects tend to go away. Your body adapts pretty quickly after a couple of weeks of being on it. The side effects do calm down. The muscle cramps can be horrible when you first start taking it. You'll just freeze up and do it by some curls. My biceps just cramped up. I get a lot of times I just get random ad cramps just walking around. My abs would just seize up. Bodybuilding uses for clumb uterro. It's straightforward. Increase fat burning. I've heard some people talking about having anabolic effects. I don't see any. It may have some muscle protective effects, but you're not going to get big using clumb uterro. Half life. 34 hours. I hear people talking about dosing it throughout the day. Taking more in the morning and listening after noon. I don't consider having life. I don't know that it makes any difference. But hey, whatever. Once a day dosing should be fine, I do split my dosing up personally. It could be all on my head. I found that if I take it earlier in the day that I think I can sleep better at night, it's probably psychological more than anything. Also, when I take a large dose at one time, it seems to upset my stomach. I'll split up into a couple of doses sometimes. Doses. Please be careful with the stuff. It's important to taper up and taper down when you take it. Start off with the lowest possible dose. See how your body reacts when she's set on. Then you can bump up and get the most out of the least. A lot of the things I promote here is harm reduction. It has always taken too much shit. It doesn't matter what it is. If you're getting a good effect out of 20 or 40 micrograms, then just stick with that. Don't watch it more. To get out of somewhere in the 20 to 60 range intermediate, 60 to 100 advanced, 100 plus. The gold rule, at least the brologic rules, never to exceed 200. As I mentioned before, taper your doses up and down. My experience, I think it's the best fat burden. I get the most effect out of it. I keep in mind, people think these things have some sort of magic effect that you're going to make you lose fat without having to die at. Doesn't work that way. I don't know what the metabolic effect is of, of, of, could be a row. Let's just say conservatively. I mean, I think this is pretty being over, over generous, but let's just say it. Raise your metabolism at 10%. And your, your base metabolic rate is 2,500 calories. You're talking about another 250 calories a day, a leeway that it gives you. I mean, one don't, I blows that out of the water. So, you know, one latte blows that out of the water. You know, or one coke blows that out of the water. It's not, it's not a miracle. It's kind of the cherry on the Sunday. I would only say, I would hear guys using it in the, in their blocking phases. And obviously, why would the fuck would you do that? I just don't get it. Save it for one year in contest prep. And like you're getting towards the end, and you need to get that last little bit off. I mean, Jesus fucking Christ, just taking a year around, it's just, it's just stupid, my opinion. Other things I've had issues with, like I mentioned my blood pressure. I got really low with it. And sometimes I'd stay in up and feeling it was going to faint. Night sweats. It doesn't make me a bit anxious. All stimulus, even coffee makes me a little anxious. I would personally not go more than 100 micrograms. 100 micrograms makes me jittery as fuck. And it does more than what I needed to do. I just don't think you need it more than that. My pulse to go up pretty, pretty significantly. My heart wrestling hard rate went up about 15 points when I was on it. It did settle down afterwards. As I mentioned earlier, I think it works better than my prescription as my medicine. It really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, please opt my lungs. Anyway, thank you. That's all I have on this one. You know, feel free to ask questions in the comment section. Happy to answer any questions you have. If there's other videos you'd like me to make, please let me know. I'll be happy to record them and take suggestions and follow me on Instagram. Like, subscribe, all that jazz. Have a great day.

=== FILE: DBOL (Methandrostenolone) - Steroid Profile - Anabolic Bodybuilding [PGjOwuqIEEQ].txt ===

D-ball, Mithandro, Stinolone. Stairwood profile. D-ball is one of the oldest antibiotics steroids. One of the first ones created as a derivative of testosterone from what I recall. It was loved and cherished by the Golden Arab bodybuilders, Arnold Schwarzenegger, those dudes. They all took D-ball. They all took D-ball. They all took D-ball. We'll talk about D-ball a little more about it. D-ball. I always know when I see somebody in the gym on D-ball, they look like a fucking swollen blaze orange. Stay puffed marshmallow man. So if that's the look you're looking for, D-ball is the steroid for you. Let's dig into it a little bit more. So D-ball, probably as a D-ball, it is a structurally altered form of testosterone. D-ball is from the testosterone tree. The double bond at the carbons 1 and 2 have been modified. This modification reduces the endroinicity. I think I said that right this time. I always fuck that one up. It has a weaker binding affinity with the endrogen receptor than test, but what is interesting is because the way it acts, it's actually just stronger and a biolike even though it has a weaker binding affinity. It has a modification at the 17th carbon position by the addition of a methyl group. If we know anything about oral steroids, this makes it a C-17, a antibiotic steroid. That modification makes it so it can be processed and adjusted orally and used by your body. It also makes it liver toxic. Although D-ball isn't as liver toxic as some other orals, but it's still liver toxic. So the endrogenic and antibiotic rating, as compared to test, it has a lower endrogenic rating 40 to 60. For what I understand, it was originally created because they wanted to lower the specifically designed for that fact. They wanted to lower the endroinic effects of testosterone, so they made D-ball. It has an antibiotic rating of 92 to 10 depending on how your body handles it. It is potentially a stronger antibiotic than a testosterone is weaker androgenic. It has very strong estrogenic effects while it doesn't convert as heavily as testosterone for what I understand. It converts to a stronger form of estrogen methyl estrodiol, which is significantly stronger than regular estrodiol, which is normally what most test converts to any way. I can talk about it later, but it really fucked me up as estrogenic side effects. It promotes pure, lean tissue gain, supposedly mild android genic effects, but they're still there. Here's another interesting thing about it that most people don't know. Chemically, D-ball is almost identical to EQ. Equipoise, hold it on a decade or something like that. I've probably fucked up that estrogen name. But both were from the testry and developed by the pharmaceutical company C-Bah. If you look at the molecules, really the only difference is from what I can tell is the methylation. It's essentially it is just oral equipoise, although it does have some different properties because of the methylation. Equipoise doesn't convert to methyl estrodiol. I also presume that the methyl estrodiol is why people get bloated in huge on D-ball versus EQ. Anyway, moving on, the effects of D-ball increased protein synthesis, increased nitrogen retention, strong antibiotic action promotes fast-sized gain, which I think is just mostly bloated water from the methyl estrodiol. That's what I speculate. It also makes you grow titties. At least it didn't mean. I don't know if that's an effect or side effect. Depends on what you're desiring from it. Side effects of D-ball. It has some nasty, nasty side effects. At least it did with me. It is strong, estrogenic side effects, bloating, gyna, high blood pressure, mild and estrogenic side effects. So ladies, this is something to keep in mind. It can cause masculinization in women. In my experience, that a lot of the UGL antivar is actually D-ball. So make sure you're testing your antivar to see if it's actually antivar when you get it. You might actually be taking D-ball in thus singing baritone in the choir by the end of your cycle. Something to keep in mind. It suppresses HDL significantly raises, or sorry, suppresses HDL significantly raises LDL on it's type L. So it really will fuck your cholesterol. You're looking profile. Suppresses HTPA significantly, and doses as low as 10 milligrams per day. I don't know if it's quite a suppressive as testosterone and I don't think so. So they save mild suppression of natural testosterone production. It's what I read, but that's not just depends. I don't see that being true. I read that it was something like 70% after 15 milligrams for six weeks. So just something to keep in mind. It is C-17, alkalated, so it can be liver, toxic, dependent on the duration and doses. The study I saw so that 10 milligrams per day for eight weeks showed very little to know elevation and liver enzymes. 15 milligrams, however, did raise liver enzymes. So it's just a small increase, raise liver enzymes. Applications for D-ball. If you want to get big, quick, D-ball is probably the, we'll probably make you bigger quicker than anything else. Even though it's all just bloat and garbage weight. You know, the same thing with size or strength, sorry, if you want a quick increase in strength, that additional bloat gives you leverage. So I know sometimes power lifters and want bloat going into competitions. I could see it being used for power lifting. I don't know a ton about power lifting and drug application for power lifting, but or strongman. So that bloat may be advantageous. Going into a power lifting competition. Although D-ball makes me cramp up like a motherfucker. I can't imagine that's good for power lifting. Great for increases in explosive activity. So also Olympic lifting. I've read that it can be good for Olympic lifting. Once again, I'm going to share about Olympic lifting and what, bodybuilding is kind of my wheelhouse. The half-life. It's three to five hour half-life. So if you want stable levels of it in your blood, you're going to have to take it multiple times a day, three, four times a day. From what I've seen most people just use it as a pre-workout. And they take it all before they lift. Cycles and Doses. Male Doses, a beginner, does 10 to 15 milligrams per day. You're going to definitely notice that 10 to 15 milligrams a day. Intermediate Doses 15 to 50 milligrams a day. Advanced Doses 50 plus. I read that Arnold Schwarzenegger would start off at 10 to 15 and work his way up to 100. They used to do these pyramid cycles back in the 70s, where they would ramp up slowly. I don't know who knows of that street, but that's what I read that he would stack it with primordial or deco. They didn't take test back then. I don't think the rant astringes in the 70s. Don't quote me on that, but that's what I recall. Female, don't take it. Although you're anivore that you think, Sanivore, might really be debaust to consider that. My experience, I have taken it up to his highest 50 milligrams. I haven't used it in decades. I tried it my 20s. It made me a bloated mess. I needed a bra after I used it because it made my fucking gona just go bananas. My blood pressure increased by 50 points within a couple weeks of taking 50 milligrams. 50, what up? 50. I can't be good for you. Pumps and cramps are so nasty at times. I would get calf cramps so bad. I couldn't even walk on the treadmill. It was so nasty. It did suppress my appetite as well. I don't know if everybody gets that. I would get swollen ankles to the point where if I put socks on, you can see the indentation in my ankles from where my socks, the elastic, my socks, or something. I don't know. I think it's a fucking garbage stare. I don't know why anybody likes it. Strength, I definitely got strong as fuck, but it all went away when I came off of it. I think that most of the games that you get from debaust are fake. They don't last. They go away. I don't see any point taken unless, you know, the only instance where I can see any value for it is maybe at low doses, 10, 15 milligrams per workout. If you just want to enhance the pump, it definitely gives you a fucking crazy ass pump. I've never, like the craziest pumps I've ever gotten from anything, you've been from debaust. You know, I could see it being applied in that way. I just would not use it on any days where you're doing anything that's putting stress on your lower backs of squats, deadlifts. You're going to get lower back pumps so fucking bad that you're not going to be able to complete that. So that defeats the purpose of doing those exercises. As I mentioned, it was loved in the golden era. Debal and Primo, Debal and Deca were just kind of like the standards back in the 70s. But I think they use it because there was a lack of knowledge and better choices back then. I don't really see or hear of any pro body builders using it right now. I mean, maybe there are, but I don't know of any. And I just, there's just way better options. It's just a fucking garbage steroid. It really is. It just, you take equipoys if you want the antibiotic effect. It is essentially injectable debal without the methylation and the nasty side effects from the methyl, estradiol conversion. Don't even take it if you want the effects of debal without the nasty side effects. Take equipoys. That's my two cents. But, you know, what do I know? Anyway, thank you for watching my video. Really appreciate it. Feel free to ask questions in the comments section. If there are other videos you want me to record, I'd be happy to do so. You know, please, open for requests. Like and subscribe, follow me on Instagram. I am at Paul K. Barnett on Instagram. Trying to get this off the ground. I've said it a million times. I don't know what my goal is with this, but other than getting good information out there. But anyway, thank you. Have a great day.

=== FILE: Do vegan⧸vegetarian diets work for bodybuilding？ [AlYTynEA9Y8].txt ===

Can you be vegan or vegetarian and make it to the top of bodybuilding to the Olympia? I'm going to say it's possible but not probable. There's too many, it's too complicated to get the type of protein in that you need to get the kind of vegan or vegetarian. Anybody who knows anything about it, most plant-based sources of protein are not complete proteins. They don't have all the 9 essential amino acids. They do not have all 20 in a complete chain like animal protein would. You can mix the match proteins to accomplish that or mix the match vegetable sources to get a complete protein. There are also a few that have all if a soy does, although it's kind of in a garbage proportion. There's a lot of complication for getting that. So for example, let's think about soy. If you were going to eat tofu as your protein source, it takes 900 calories of tofu to get roughly 50 grams of complete protein. 220 calories or so of a chicken breast will get you the same amount of protein. Okay, you're thinking to yourself what's the big deal. The problem is when you're dieting, you're cutting down for a show. How are you going to be in a caloric deficit and keep your protein high enough to retain muscle if you have to eat 900 calories to get 50 grams of protein? You're not. It's going to be impossible. So you're going to have to sacrifice muscle mass in order to achieve a caloric deficit to cut for a show. So it's damn there possible to maximize your potential on a vegan and vegetarian diet. It's also extremely complicated. You have to know the various vegetable sources and what vegetables you need to mix and match plant based sources, which that you need to make some match to get a complete protein. And another factor to consider too is a lot of plants have phytosestrogens in them as well. Soy being terrible for that. So not only are you contending with having to eat atomic calories to get enough protein, you're also contending with being in a very high estrogen environment when you're cutting which anyone who's done a bodybuilding show knows that estrogen is the enemy of getting lean. It just blokes your up, makes your retain fat. Ultimately it's about a caloric deficit. So we have two problems here. You're fighting an uphill battle with not having enough value with protein versus calories dealing with phytosestrogens. And there's also the digestion issue. It's look at the other side. If you're blocking in a hypertrophy phase, anyone who's eaten enough food to get big or nose of your stomach gets very sensitive. I have to cut vegetables back or remove them completely from my diet when I'm in a hypertrophy phase because it just fots my digestion up. I fart. My stomach gets upset and I'm not fully digesting my food and we want to maximize digestion when we're in a hypertrophy phase to get the most muscle growth. If you can't digest your food, if you're having trouble digest your food, you're not absorbing and putting it to use. So it's the double-ed sword. And ultimately bodybuilding is about at the highest level is about optimization doing what is the most optimal. I'm not a phytonovie or vegetarian diets for sports performance. I just don't think they are optimal. I've done it so you can't be a professional athlete and be vegan or vegetarian. There's plenty of people that have done it. We're talking about being the best. If you want to get the maximum results, if you want to optimize your performance with the diet being vegan or vegetarian is not the way to do it. I'm sorry, it just isn't. I don't see how it can be considering those factors. So yes, you can be, you can put a muscle with being vegan or vegetarian. It is not optimal. That's my thought. I know I'm going to get a lot of hate for this. Have a great day.

=== FILE: Equipoise (Boldenone Undecylenate) - Steroid Profile - Anabolic Bodybuilding [R8EC5p_F97Q].txt ===

Pulled down undeclionate, more commonly known as Equipoise. So we're going to go into it today and talk about Equipoise. It's an interesting steroid. One of the most commonly used ones in body building for both blocking and cutting. It's an interesting steroid. One of the earlier developed ones. I believe it was originally first developed in the late 40s. But I don't know that it was ever used in humans at that point. But we'll get into it a little bit and talk about it here. So, Bolden on. Some properties. One thing I want to talk about real quick that drives me nuts. I... It's shocking. I hear a lot of coaches and bro's on the internet. Telling people, you're surprising this comes from coaches that clearly don't know what the fuck they're talking about. But saying that you shouldn't use things that were never approved for human use. Obviously they've never read about Bolden on and looked into it. It was used in humans in the 60s and 70s. It was used under the name Perenoball. It was used as a treatment for osteoporosis and muscle wasting it. You know, and these guys are going around telling people you shouldn't use things because it was never approved for human use. It's true that that aqua poise itself, aqua being equined for horses is a veterinary steroid. But the original, you know, which is chemically identical Perenoball's clinically identical to aqua poise, it was used in humans. So let's get into it a little bit more. The structure, the altered form of testosterone, it is very closely related to testosterone. There's a double bond between the one and two carbons. This reduces the estrogenic side effects. It's basically tasked with all the estrogen conversion. It converts at 50% of the rate of tests. So really just kind of think of it as test without all the extra estrogenic side effects. Same metabolic properties as test, same metabolic rating as test. Lower androgenic properties and tests. It doesn't have as strong of an effect on, you know, things like prostate, mescalization. But it's still, if I was a woman, I wouldn't use it. So the endrogenic rating is 50. Anabolic rating is 100. There's also a common bro misconception that it's similar to DACA, Nandrum loan. I don't know where the fuck this comes from. It's not even from the same tree. They have completely different properties. There's no no progestinic activity. And it's from the test tree. It's not even, yeah, I don't know where guys get this shit from. Same thing with the, it was never used in humans. It reduces to dihydro boldenone rather than DHT, which is interesting. It is a far more potent anrogen. While it converts via the 5 AR, 5 AR, and hybrid is do not work on it. So just something to be aware of. Although it doesn't bind strongly with the scalp, prostate as readily as DHT is. So you shouldn't have to worry about your prostate swollen up and peeing like an old man or your hair falling out. Like you would with test, so it should be easier on those side effects. And another thing that's really really interesting about debaul is chemically, or I'm sorry, equi place, chemically, equi place in debaul are the same. The only thing that's really different is, equi place isn't methylated like, like debaul is for oral administration. And now while debaul does have some different properties because it converts to a more, like I got the name of the skimps, but the methylation causes it to convert to a more potent. Estradiol, then regular test does or bolognond does, so it causes nasty estrogen side effects, but essentially equi place is a clean version of debaul. So if you want to take debaul, just use equi place, you get the needle out without all the nasty side effects. Yeah, it is interesting that they're both essentially the same. So effects of equi place increase protein synthesis, like all other steroids increase nitrogen retention, increase IDF one production, increase red blood cell count, it has a reputation for raising red blood cell count more than just about any other steroid. You know, maybe anodrols worse, but you know, so if you're hematicryt gets high, that's just something to be aware of. You may want to stay away from it. I don't have issues with my hematicryt. I'm so disney other videos, but I'll embarrass repeating that a lot of people, a lot of people, a lot of them to see hematicryt issues. It's not actually hematicryt issues. It's hydration issues. People just aren't drinking enough water. If you drink plenty of water that those numbers tend to go down. In addition to glucocorticoid stress hormones, like cortisol, so it does suppress them to certain bit which could make it good for cutting. And increased appetite. This is interesting. I have a friend who used to raise horses. He told me that they use it in raise horses because raise horses tend to be spastic and don't eat a lot. And the equipolis will get them eating more, and it also helps them keep on muscle mass, so they're not super thin. And they get threw down and helps them be bigger, but he said mainly they take it for the appetite for the horses. I don't know if that's true or not. I don't know a lot about horse riding racing, but that's what this dude told me. Side effects of EQ. It's mild compared to testosterone. It's a cleaner version of testosterone, essentially. With the exception of the hematicryt, it does tend to raise a matricrit more than ribblets, or count more than testosterone, doesn't people, some people. Slight risk of a rummagesation, like I said, it's pretty mild. It's 50% of test. I've run it by itself and not had to use an AI where I do test in higher doses. Slight risk of angogenic side effects we mentioned that before. Body hair growth baldness, you know, the nine prostate hyperplasia, acne, all the typical stuff. You know, women should probably stay away from it unless you want to be a dude. I don't know. That's your personal decision. It does suppress testosterone, natural test production, all steroids due to its secondary degree. Applications for EQ. I personally think it's great for size building, especially if you're somebody who struggles to put down a shit ton of racing chicken. It will increase your appetite. I get hungry as fuck when I use EQ. Not that I have any problems with appetite. I have the opposite problem. I want to eat all the time. It's great for strength gains. It's not the best, but you know, I think I get more out of Nandrolone as far as strength in size gains go, but I don't have as many side effects as I do with Nandrolone. It is certainly a very, very good alternative if you're sensitive to Nandrolone's. I find Nandrolone to be more effective for putting on size and strength at least for me. But I know some people can't handle Nandrolone, so they just just fox them up and you know, blow it anxious mess when they take Nandrolone to start growing boobs from the progesterine confacts of it. You know, just something to keep in mind, it is an alternative to Nandrolone or if you can't afford, I think it's the best really if you can afford it. The best profile of safety versus benefit. It can be used in fat loss phases, a lot of guys use it in fat loss phases, I never have. I may try it at some point. I when people are using it in fat loss phases, I generally see it as an alternative to test. High doses of test because it doesn't convert to estrogen, it's such a high rate. It helps to keep you full. But you know, that way you can keep your test doses lower or you can use it and said. The declinate um, Esther is a very long Esther 14 day half life. It can even be longer in some people, but that's. And they said a drug test, it can be detected up to a year after administration. That is fucking crazy. And you got to think to when you're using it, you have to run long cycles with with. Equipment voice because it takes so long to reach peak concentration in your blood. And we're talking about a month probably. And after look at the steroid calculated to see exactly, but I believe it's about a month before you actually even hit peak concentrate, month to six weeks. So, you know, it would make sense to run this on a 16 to 20 weeks cycle. And you also got to think about when you come off of it. It's going to be a new system for a long time months for it to taper down. So when you actually stop, you haven't stopped. So that's just something to think about, you know, you're going on a cruise for three weeks. No, you're not. You still have EQ in your system so it's not really cruise. Cycles and doses of beginner doses three to five hundred milligrams per week. Intermediate doses five hundred to 800 milligrams of week, you know, the pro dose or national level competitor. They usually stack it with tests 900 to 1000 milligrams a week. It seems to be dust in 300 milligrams per CC. The most of the UGL shit up to you and so guys are taking 900, you know, three shots three CCs a week. 900 milligrams a week seems to be the common dose I see my experience. I get very little in terms of side effects probably like, you know, I do like natural and better for size. But natural and can make me anxious sometimes and you know, I've had issues with guide out and I got to be careful with that because sometimes it can make it flare up. You know, so it can be a good alternative to that. You know, when I've used it, I felt out of feeling of wellness, you know, I just felt good when I was on it. No side effects, no anxiety, subtly well. I'm just updryly well. My appetite was great, which I think would make it good for for for me personally for putting on size. I don't know. I haven't tried, like I said, I haven't tried it for cutting, but with the increased appetite, I don't know if that is a smart strategy for me when I'm. Dying in in a fat loss phase, if my appetite's hard to have trouble controlling my appetite, I don't need something that's good increase my appetite. Even further when I'm on a diet, I think I would lose my goddamn mind. I like to say that I have not had him at a credit issues type over there. But I do some people that get the hermatic it gets crazy high on on EQ. So if you're going to try it out, I would try it out on low doses first because the half life is so fucking long. It's going to take forever to get it out of you system. If you end up blowing your hermatic it up to like 60 years, something is going to take a couple months to get it back months to get it out of your system. And you're probably going to have to go donate blood or get you know at that point you're probably too high and donate blood, but have bloodlighting done. Like I said, I've only used it for hypertrophy. I don't know for me personally, I don't think it's a good choice for cutting because of the appetite issues. That's my two cents. You may be fine, but I would not probably first go. I would not try it on a fat loss phase. Thank you. Please like and subscribe to my channel. Hopefully you find this helpful. Please feel free to ask questions. I enjoy answering questions. And if there's any videos you would like me to make, I'm hoping to suggest you to send them my way and I will record more stuff. Thank you for watching the video.

=== FILE: Exemestane (Aromasin) for Bodybuilding - Drug Profile - Anabolic Bodybuilding [tUhQV4_Jj5w].txt ===

Um, Eximustin, Eximustin, I don't know how you said, but commonly sold as a rumourson is a rubber tasin hibbiter. We're going to look at it today. This is its application for bodybuilding. Before you do that, please take the time to like my video, subscribe. I get a lot of people watching my videos, but not many subscribing. I really appreciate it if you subscribe. I'll keep cranking these out for people seem to like them. Um, you know, and I want to reiterate that the primary objective here is harm reduction. A lot of young guys are going to do this stuff regardless. Um, I want to try to provide hopefully some science-based information in some real-life experience to help you make better decisions and do this more safely. Um, I'll say you can follow me on Paul, Paul K. Bonnet one Instagram if you want to get the heads up on when things are coming out. But anyway, let's dig into this. So, uh, Eximustin isn't oral anti-astrogen drug. Um, more specifically, it is a steroidal suicide inhibitor. And what we mean by suicide inhibitor is that it is an aromotace inhibitor that binds irreversibly to the aromotace enzyme. So, when it binds to the enzyme, that enzyme is neutralized. Whereas, um, let's resolve in an astrosol are reversible. Um, so what ends up happening a lot times with an astrosol and let's resolve you get, um, an astrogen rebound as the enzyme becomes active again. Um, I don't know specifically with, uh, with, with, uh, Eximustin, but my, my anecdotal experiences that I don't get the same type of astrogen rebound when I come off. Um, it is an antigen analog as well, which makes it different from, um, from lettersol and an astrosol. Um, I want to point out, um, a, a key beat in this one haul, that the bros, the gym bros, like the lump, every anti-astrogen into the same category, they think they all work the same. They do not, um, there is a difference between an aromotace inhibitor. There's different classes of aromotace inhibitors, class one, class two. Um, and there's also a certain selective estrogen receptor modulator, which would be Tomox of them, which attaches to the, um, selectively attaches to the receptor in breast tissue to block estrogen in that location. Um, this, uh, Eximustin was originally developed as a breast cancer treatment as all romotace inhibitors were studies have shown that a 25 milligrams per day dose lowered estrogen by 85 percent. Um, there was a proved for a human use in 1999 as an adjunct treatment for breast cancer. It was shown to be more effective than Tomox of them alone. Um, effects of eximustin, um, block sear romotace enzyme, um, reduces irreversibly, blocks the enzyme, um, deactivates it. Uh, reduces estrogen levels through that process, uh, reduces estrogen, stimulated breast tissue growth, um, which is why it was used in cancer patients, um, breast cancer patients also important for our somebody building because in theory it should reduce, uh, the growth of gynecumacia. Um, note, I, you know, on very, I've, I've, I've, you know, there's, you know, the, the brometh, and it doesn't, I don't know if it's a myth, but the, the bromlogic that there's, that it doesn't fuck up your lip, it's like, uh, letters all or an ashwasal do it. I looked around at various studies, I've found a bunch of it makes information, but there are a lot of studies that say that it has minimal to know effect on your, uh, negative effect when your lipids like, um, you know, a ashwasal and lexasal can. I can tell you lectures all across my lipids, but, um, this is, you know, for the most part, it seems to be easier on your lipids than those two are. Side effects of examistane, uh, fatigue, nausea, hot flashes, depression, pain, um, muscle pain, uh, insomnia, anxiety, shortness of breath, and bone, mineral density loss, although studies that I looked at showed that it was, in a lot of cases seemed to be less than a room of dexin, which was all they're all kind of similar. So you have to watch out for that, um, it can cause osteoporosis with long-term abuse, um, with, with the romantais inhibitors, it's important to take vitamin D and calcium to help with that. Um, I will, I will say personally, I have not, I don't, it seems to cause at least a amount of side effects of me, I don't, I don't, out of the romantais inhibitors. Bodybuilding uses for eximustane, used to combat high estrogen levels, uh, best with use with steroids that heavily are traumatized, like test, et cetera. Uh, to prevent in shrink, gynecromaccia, uh, combat estrogen-related, uh, bloating, um, which can cause high blood pressure, um, hardening up for contest prep, you know, in romantais inhibitors may, they seem to increase body fat loss, um, and, uh, water and bloating loss. Uh, half life of eximustane is 24 hours roughly that, you know, I saw on studies, um, so with this in mind means that you should dose it once a day, ideally, um, I've, you know, in the past, I've done it every other day, which is probably not smart. Uh, so probably once a day would be the more reasonable of better way to do it, doses, I hate classifying it this way, but beginner, I would say 12.5 milligrams every other day, or if you're doing it every other day, shots, maybe take it with your testosterone shots, intermediate, uh, 12.5 milligrams every day in advance, 25 milligrams each day. You shouldn't have to go more than 25 milligrams per day. Uh, pre-medum policy women should avoid it. I would also, you know, rather than classifying this, this is beginner intermediate, advanced, really you should let your symptoms and extra dial levels indicate the dose that you need. Um, if, you know, I see a lot of guys just taking, um, teams and editors without knowing what their extra dial levels are. Get it tested. Find out. I mean, you're just, you're just throwing spaghetti at the wall, you know, and seeing what sticks, uh, when, when you're doing that, but you have no idea, you might not even need it. Um, even if your extra dial is a little high and you're not having blood pressure issues, you're not having issues with gynecumacia, uh, don't take it, uh, because estrogen is actually, um, healthy for you. It protects, it's neuro, neuroprotective. It is good for your lipids. Uh, it also is good for muscle growth. So if you're not in contest prep mode, I would try to use as little as possible when it comes to anti-extrigence or none at all if you can get away with it. My experience, my estrogen always runs high just always has. I, it just generally can I get away without using at least some small level of room taste and the huiter. I, I found that when I use it, it's my stain that my lipids are fine. I don't have any negative effect on my lipids. That's been my experience. Also, it seems to call the least amount of side effects out of all the AIs for me personally. Um, let's resolve, I feel like shit when I use letters though, it is horrible. Uh, I hear a lot of the guys report the same thing. I just feel, with the Arctic, my joint turret, it's as terrible. Um, once again, I'll reiterate it, don't use AIs unless you need them. Um, let's spend my experience, you know, from looking at my blood work that it is not as effective for lowering estrogen as a ruminax or letters all, although the studies that I looked at said, you know, 25mg per day dose will lower at 85%. It's just not been my experience. Um, important note, I've made this note about hull aromatease inhibitors. They do not help with estrogen symptoms from non-aromatizing steroids. Um, anadro, anadro has some sort of the fact where it can directly attach to the estrogen receptor and cause kind of comascia. This is not going to help you. Um, anyway, thank you for watching my video. Uh, once again, please like and subscribe, feel free to ask questions in the comments section. I'll do my best to answer any in all questions. Honestly, as I can, it's again, this is about harm reduction. I want to try to give you real life experiences and help people be safer in this bodybuilding venture. Um, if there are other videos you would like me to make, please let me know. I'm happy to take suggestions and follow me on Instagram at Paul J Barnett. Thank you.

=== FILE: Full High Carb Day of Eating - Justin Harris - Anabolic Bodybuilding [04otlNkMbpc].txt ===

So, hi, carb day with Justin Harris's carb cycling. This is what I'm doing on my rebound right now. I already went over the medium day, so I'll give you a peek into what the high day looks like. So the general rules for the high day and this doesn't change whether you rebound, not test, whatever. I try to keep my meals space two and a half to three hours part. On the high day, I check my glucose levels before the meals. I usually try to eat one that's below 100. Usually if I stretch it up to three hours, that's usually a good spot. Sometimes I'll even get a little hypos, if insulin's used. No, I don't fat during that day. The oils try to keep everything as low fat as possible. I stick to this close to zero fat protein for that. Similarly, possible. Usually I just eat 99% chicken breasts or cod during the day. Like I said, fat is as close to zero as possible. Up to half the carbs can come from low fat sugary carbs. I usually do fruit juice, whole juice is only. I usually get the simply brand juice, the simply orange, simply fruit punch. Sugar is zero. It's my coat is Captain Crunch or cinnamon checks. Those are usually the ones I go to. Natural jam. I use to get organic jam that you should try to stay away from high fructose corn syrup where possible. I don't know if it makes much of a difference, but you know, you know, for some information that hyphricus corn syrup doesn't readily convert into muscle glycogen, at least not easily. Sugar is a better. Piphilling same deal with the piphilling. I usually get apple piphilling or sometimes blueberry piphilling when I get the piphilling. I make sure it's the piphilling that has real sugar and a dxtro, it's not hyphricus corn syrup. Which is the hilarious thing that is when I get the cheap Walmart brand piphilling, it actually uses real sugar in the expensive Comstock stuff. It's mostly hyphricus corn syrup and has a bunch of added. The cheap Walmart great value brand is just apples, corn starch, sugar which is just blows my mind. It goes to show you that you need to look at the ingredients and stuff before you buy it and assume that name brand expensive stuff is better. A lot of times it's not. There were many carbs come from more complex sources, starches, sources. I usually just stick with white rice, anything else because of the quantity of carbs that I'm eating during that day, waste to have you on my stomach digestion. I really focus on things that digest easily that day. I don't eat any vegetables on the high carb day. Sometimes I'll have some fruits, just depends. If I eat anything heavy like complex carbs like brown rice, oats, even potatoes, even other starchic carbs or vegetables, I just can't digest the food properly to be ready from my next meal. The goal today is to get down the carbs. Optional cheat, there is an optional cheat the end of the day. When I was on contest night, I didn't do it. Maybe once or twice when Justin told me to. Psychologically when I'm in diet mode, I don't like the cheat. It just foxed with my head and then I just start craving, get weird food cravings. When I stay away from cheating, the food cravings go away. It's probably psychological. I'm guessing, but if I stay away from junk food, I don't get cravings for junk food. Usually I try to stick with a clean cheat versus a dirty cheat. It's been more dirty cheat than anything. I've had a couple of slip ups on the rebound, house and tire bag of family says, bag of peanut M&Ms. I've rate it. My kids snacked with $1.99. I've been moderately okay. I'd say I've been 95% compliant with the diet. I have been making the most of the cheat meals. That is for sure. Some of my cheat meals have been in the dirty or brand of cheat meal. What I mean by dirty cheat meal is high fat, maybe not the best sources of carbs. Like going out to an entire restaurant for dinner and eating the fried gal maravir, appetizer, having a piece of tiramisu for dessert and spaghetti meatballs. That would be a dirty cheat. Clean cheat would be meat and rice type of things. Like going to the outback and having a plain baked potato and a steak and maybe a salad. I don't know if you even qualify that as a cheat. That's what I define as a clean cheat. Usually my clean cheat, I like Mediterranean food. I don't get cababs often or sometimes I'll get to put a breadable. It's going to make it to. But right now my or Thai, I like Thai food. Right now I'll get a cheat and then I'll have a dessert with a cheat usually a couple cookies or some sorbet or something at the end. Once again I'm going to reiterate that measurement is an optional. You have to measure your foods and weigh your foods. Grame scale is the best way. Measuring spoons and cups are okay but they're not going to be as accurate as weighing everything out. The current diet construction right now. The four meals that aren't around the workout window, 125 grams of carbs, 40 grams protein, close to zero fat is possible. Half of those carbs are coming from at least half of those carbs are coming from star cheese carbs. I keep it a little higher than half for me. It's cream and rice and rice and rice. For my sugar, I jam, OJ, Pyfeiling, cinnamon checks. What I got on the deck tomorrow I think I'll record the video tomorrow of what I'm eating exactly. For the workout window, same deal just higher carbs. It's 150 grams of carbs, pretty workout. Then the post workout cheat. Intra is 10 grams of BCAAs and 50 grams of simple carbs I use highly breached, cyclic dexter. That's it. We'll get into the meal now. The first day meal number one, today, as I said earlier, the macros for the meals, the non-workout window meals. 125 grams of carbs, 40 grams of protein and zero out of fat. You're in the world with the chicken breast. This is probably my favorite meal of that. Let's discuss it. I do cream and rice with my mom, jam, my mom, jam is super expensive. If you get it at the grocery store, but cost her has these giant containers. I think they're one quart, 36 ounces, whatever. Like 10 bucks in the little tiny pint ones are $9 at the grocery store. I'm also going to treat myself to a monster, I stood up to zero calorie monster, I stayed up way too late, watching the watching football team, almost lose to the new giant split. Anyway, that's meal number one. The O2, this is pretty simple one. I'm going with the chicken and rice, orange juice. I do this simply orange juice. Those orange juice, if you look at the ingredients, I don't know if you can see the ingredients on here. To bunch of fucking garbage, they'll say like 20, 30 percent orange juice, and it has high-fructed corns, blah, blah, blah, blah. Once you're out of the crap, and at the simply orange juice is just orange, it's nothing also added to it. I don't know if it didn't have the day, it really makes much of a different health-wise, but I just like it just tastes better. I'm going to macros for this meal, 125 grams of carbs, 40 grams of protein. I did want to, as somebody asked me about my race cooker if it cooks evenly. This thing is wild. You can see in here my race has been in here for 49 hours. I don't know if you can see this, but it's still. Rice is still fluffy, it's not stuck, it's not a bird. One of the cool things that this race cooker does is it cooks. The race from the top and the bottom is that you have even heating. You can see up top is a heating element. It's so jerushi, if you don't have one, I would get one. meal number three on the high carb day, same macros before. I know this looks disgusting, but this is blueberry pie filling with rice. I usually get just the generic brand of potty, I think it's easy, it's a little sugar in it. Chicken is usual. Typically I go with the apple pie filling, I like it better, but I kind of wanted to mix it up today, blueberry pies and my favorite, but hey, when in Rome, anyway, this is meal number three. meal four on the high carb day. I've got chicken and rice with some cucumber and soy sauce on it. Cinnamon checks here, I'll try to believe that is what 60 grams of carbs of cinnamon checks. I've got noodles I probably have eaten in my past 500 grams of carbs, cereal meal. I can also have some entire box or half a box of cereal, no problem. I love these subseries, I'll put them in. Anyway, this one's super simple, cinnamon checks rice, chicken, that's it with a little bit of soy sauce on it. meal number five, this one looks familiar, you've seen this one before, my jam and creamer rice, bon- bon- bon- bon- bon- bon- chicken for my intro workout, I do know, true nutrition EA, plus 10 grams of essential amino's, I use the highly branch, sickly dexterian from true nutrition as well. You could use waxy maize or something, carbonyl and something cheaper, waxy maize tends to bloat me up, I know the HPCD is expensive, but it goes down smooth, I mean, you don't have to use it, it just digs easy here for me. I usually don't use a pre-workout, but today I'm feeling kind of blah, I need an extra kick in the pants, so I'm using fin-rests, cereal, pre-workout from Vahala Labs, Dr. Todd, I'll drink the pre-workout while eating my meal, I'll probably head to the gym in about an hour. But anyway, that is meal number five and my intro, shake and my pre-workout. I'm still number six, I hit the gym pretty hard tonight, I get my hit cardio in after words, nice and sweaty, ready to eat some calories, so I got one of my go-to's, which is Moly Dick Cobab, if you're in the DC metro area, they've been around forever, everybody knows Moly Dick, so I got the beef and chicken and I got eggplant, also a black and white cookie for dessert. When I, probably here soon I'll start tightening up the cheat meals a little bit and just keep it to the meat and rice, body fat started to pick up a little bit, so I'm cleaning these up and probably not doing one every high day, but on some high days I'll just cook my own cheat meals, so I have better control over where it goes into it, because I only know how much fat is in here or not, I think they're pretty lean. I always, I know the guy that runs the place I was telling no butter on the rice and this is a cooks it for me, the low fat way, so I don't know what that is, but you know, if there is such a thing, the low fat with us, but anyway, this is my cheat meal for tonight, it's a pretty good one, I'm looking forward to having it. Take care.

=== FILE: Full-Day of Eating - Medium Carb Day ⧸ Anabolic Bodybuilding [XhX7Z2FY4Cg].txt ===

as to prone a nutrition. Justin is my nutritional work with for bodybuilding. I've had a couple of people ask me about what my day and my diet looks like. This is right now. I'm not a strict with this and was during contest prep, but this is kind of what today looks like. So I just thought I would record a medium day so you can see what a medium day looks like. Right now I am doing three medium days a week, three high days a week in one low day a week. I train six days a week so the medium and high days are on training days. But this kind of give you a high level look at what the diet looks like. So my macro is right now for the medium day. I am doing a hundred or I'm sorry, 75 grams of carbs. And the four meals that are outside of the training window, 50 grams of protein and seven grams of added fat. For my pre workout meal, I am doing a 125 grams of carbs, 50 grams of protein, zero grams of added fat. For my intro workout, that's actually a typo. I'm doing 25 grams of carbs, and 10 grams of protein from branch chain amino acids. Post workout same deal, 125 grams of carbs, 50 grams of protein. I'll go through and I'm gonna do some videos of the individual meal so you can see what they look like as well. The notes on it meals are spaced two and a half to three hours apart. I found if I go any sooner than two and a half hours, usually I'm not done digesting the last meal, so they just kind of pile on top of each other and calls in digestion. Three hours usually is, if I have enough time to space them out, three hours apart, that's optimal for me for digestion. I get past three hours and I know it's my blood sugar so it's getting a little low. Fat, the fat macros that are detailed and the diet are added fats only. I am not counting the fats that come from meat and carbs, or since although they're pretty low in fat. So when I say seven grams of fat, that's added fat and that comes from essential sources such as nuts, nut butter, olive oil, avocado oil, fish oil, things like that. Macadamia, not oil, whatever. Meets are lean meats only. I primarily eat 99% chicken breast. I get 96% ground beef. It's kind of hard to find. Walmart has it a wall fucking places, but I usually get it at Walmart. White fish I mostly stick with cod for the way fish, cod tastes like shit. Well, I actually taste like nothing, but I can't hardly taste anything. Anyway, with having COVID long haul, it tastes symptoms of it's whatever. Things I do avoid, I have over the years kind of developed my own methodology with foods to avoid. I know things that blow my stomach up. Too many vegetables. I know that seems counterintuitive, everybody says eat more vegetables, eat more vegetables. If I eat too many vegetables, I am playing fire with my butt all. I just tear my stomach up for some reason. Anybody with IBS, which can embarrass admit that I have it, well, no one I'm talking about, but salad just goes right through me. I can't even eat salad very rarely or if I do have to do it in moderation. Excessive gluten, I can have some gluten, but if I eat too much gluten, it definitely blows me up. Dairy is a no-go for me. I'm gonna be farting like a renace or so, if I eat dairy. Overdoing the hot sauce, I can get away a little bit. Sometimes I fold myself into thinking and then get away more than I can to pay the price later. Garlic, I can have a very limited amount of garlic, but garlic also destroys my stomach. Egg whites, I don't know what the hell happened. I used to eat to shit out of egg whites. I'd have them every day for breakfast. And all of a sudden I developed an intolerance for them. I just cannot eat them anymore. They make me sick almost instantly when I eat them now. I don't know what that's about. Too much hot sauce on your twice, it's so much I have to think about it. Hot peppers as well. I gotta be careful with hot peppers. Too much coffee. I can get away with a little bit of coffee. For whatever reason, energy drinks don't bother me. So there's something unique about the coffee. My guest or interologist said it's the acid within the coffee. Not the caffeine that people always assume that it's caffeine that upset your stomach. He said that's not the case. He said it's the acid in the coffee that causes you stomach distress for people with sensitive stomachs. Too many potatoes too. I know potatoes tend to be a staple of a bodybuilder's diet. I can get away with them once a day, but they give me some serious indigestion. I get bloated in, especially sweet potatoes. I can do one meal a day with sweet potatoes. I can get away with that, but if I go beyond that, I get bloated and I get acid reflux pretty bad. Rice seems to be the most agreeable carbs source for me. I can eat a shit ton of rice, no problems. Rice digest easily. Measurement isn't an option. Not measurement, not measuring isn't an option. I'm on the typo here, but you have to measure your foods. You can't guess. I'll tell you, I've tried it both ways using measuring cups and measuring spoons versus using the gram scale. You can be off as much as 10-20% when you're using measuring cups. I mean, it's better than nothing, but when I started weighing out my rice, I was 10-15 grams of carbs off when every rice measurement from using a measurement cup. I mean, it was all over the place, which is nuts. So I started weighing everything out with the gram scale and you get more accurate readings that way. So anyway, here we go with the actual meals broken down themselves. So meal one on the medium day with the Justin Harris component nutrition diet, when I read it on currently, and I am eating 75 grams of carbs, 50 grams per 10-7 grams of fat. So for this one, I'll have some quicker old fashioned oats. I will do the organic, curriculum and organic blueberries in those oats. I seasoned the oats with some Himalayan Seasaw, a little bit of sagan cinnamon from Kirkland. I will do a rice cake. This is my nut butter delivery system. The rice cakes are only 11 grams of carbs per serving. And I will measure out some nut butter and put on it. Also chicken breast, I cook on my chicken breast in advance. Now the chicken breast is weighed out, cook weight. The oats, I do dry weights. It's not cooking a bunch of them at a time. At a time, it's hard to factor in all the water. You put in it in any way. Blueberries, et cetera. I also, with the nut butter, I know a lot of people use a tablespoon to measure it out. I found that it's so corkly dense. You have to weigh it out to be accurate with it. So I actually put the rice cake on the gram scale. And I will actually weigh out the nut butter to make sure that I have an accurate accounting of how much fat I have. Occasionally I'll wing it if I'm in a hurry, but especially when I'm on my contest, I do everything is weighed and measured down to the exact gram. I don't use measuring cups or measuring spoons. You know, not to say that they're better than nothing, but it's not as accurate as weighing out with a weighing out with a scale. And I will show you the finished product. I'm like a boy with cooking all this stuff. For the finished meal here, I have my blueberry oatmeal, my chicken, and my rice cake with almond butter on it, I have all my vitamins and supplements portion out for the day. Sometimes I'll just eat the chicken plain and it's disgusting, but whatever you're going to have to shut down. Sometimes I'll end up, if I do all account for it, I use the no sugar at it. Hines tomato ketchup. You'll look at the nutritional it. I believe it's two grams of carbs per table spoons. It's pretty, pretty insignificant. Before I'll just use some regular old mustard, brown mustard, like gootins or something, really has to know calories. And it would be very minimal amount of calories. We're all just dump some seasoning or something on it, but I generally eat pretty bland because my stomach is sensitive, but this is meal number one. It's meals two and four use rice, lean ground beef, use guacamole for the fat. So my meal, my kitchen here is beef. Usually I use 96 for ground beef from Walmart. I'll make up these little guacamole cups from Walmart. There are exact macros that I need. I think they're like seven grams of fat per, put some tomato sauce on there. Rice, if you don't have one of these, so jurishy rice cookers, do you self-a-fairer? By one, it is well worth the money if you eat rice, I'll fucking day off and make some best rice that we ever had. This is meal number two, meal number four. meal four, this is my stir fry that I do. It's pretty simple. I really can't eat a lot of vegetables because my butt hole will pay me back. So this is the meal. I usually do some vegetables in. I get this shredded, this broccoli cabbage, mix it's for broccoli slow. It's got broccoli cabbage and carrots in it. So that way it's gonna like eat vegetables, a lot of vegetables. I put him a lay and sea salt in it. I fried him a half a tablespoon of avocado oil which is seven grams of out of fat. Season it with ginger powder, keycumans soy sauce, a little bit of ponzu. If you don't know what ponzu is, it's a woman flavored soy sauce. It's got a little bit of carbs and nothing significant. Maybe like a grandmother to per table spoon. Chicken of course and get old rice and then the end product is this which is 50 grams of protein, 75 grams of carbs, 75 grams of out of fat. That's meal number four. So meal five and six today, you're gonna be the same thing usually. I do cod for meal six. But today it is chicken and rice, but I don't really like this. I'm just lazy and don't feel like fucking cooking cod. I don't have any already made so I have to cook it. So we're just going with chicken. That is Casey and I'm sorry, sweet baby raised and I Casey and I ask for peace. No sugar at it's Hickory BBQ sauce. This shit is awesome. Four grams of carbs per two tablespoons and it tastes great. I'm gonna intro work out. I do 25 grams of carbs from highly branched, cyclic fat strun, true nutrition. Now I always get there stuff quality, supplements. I use the true nutrition eat a plus. Mino acids, as in lecture lights, whatnot and them as well. And it makes those up in about 40 ounces of water to make it possible that while I work out. And that is my workout window meal. I have, I will have the chicken rice, pre workout probably about an hour, an hour and a half before I work out. I'll slip on the intro while I work out, rinse the meat after the workout. And that's it for the day. That's a medium carb day with Justin Harris and Traponum nutrition.

=== FILE: George Peterson’s Death - The Risks of Bodybuilding [BXCdv8D-ua8].txt ===

So professional bodybuilder George Peer some past away yesterday. I caused this other death haven't been revealed yet. I really debated whether or not the post this. I don't want to disrespect anybody, but I feel like this is kind of important and needs to be said. And I want to talk about the dangers of bodybuilding and the risk associated with bodybuilding. And it seems like there's just a ton of fucking critics out there and trolls like always attack bodybuilding and the sport when someone passes or has some sort of health issue. I think most people would get into it, know the risk. There's a lot of better information now than there was 20 years ago. One of the things I'm hoping to do with my YouTube channel is help people mitigate risk if they get into things. But just overall living your life to the fullest is a dangerous endeavor. It is. You know what's safe? Sitting at home and doing fucking nothing with yourself. That's safe. That's not a life I want to live. And it's not a life that I think people that get into the sport about anybody want to live. I want to die early. Nobody wants to die before their time. And we should take precautions to minimize risk. But living your life to the fullest is risky. Think about it. A young kid has a passion for being in the military and doing some military. Join. Being in the military is dangerous. Writing fucking motorcycles dangerous. Playing football is dangerous. Climbing around every is dangerous. Raising a car around a track at 200 miles per hour is dangerous. Anything in life that's worth pursuing has dangerous and risk associated with it. And I think people need to stop being so damn cripple about it builders because of the, you know, people die. And I'm not saying that should be irresponsible. But living in life is dangerous. It is it just is. And we, you know, I know personally, I've had some healthy shoes over the years. I have that cancer. A lot of people will know that. I, you know, went through a pretty long battle with wine disease and autoimmune issues. And, you know, you never know when it's your time. And, you know, you know, that's why you have to make the most of it while you're here. I, I just, you know, Life is risky. A life worth living carries risk. And that's just the way it is. It's, we, if you want to live a life to fullest, you have to take some risk some time. And, you know, I'm sure George knew the risk associated with bodybuilding. It maybe it wasn't, or something related to bodybuilding that causes death. Probably was, you know, let's be honest with ourselves. But I'm sure he knew the risk. He knew the chance he was taking. And I'm sure he enjoyed what he did every day. Love his life from everything I've heard about the guy. He was a very kind, compassionate guy. Very, very motivating loved what he did. And to me, that's more important. Loving your life, living your life to the fullest is more important than living a long life that has nothing in it. Have a great day.

=== FILE: HGH (Somatropin) for Bodybuilding - Drug Profile - Anabolic Bodybuilding [Dj0V2dA1o1w].txt ===

the human growth hormone some trope uh... this is one of one in the do for a while can i hold off on it but uh... he he he's one of my favorite things i think probably it's subtle but you get a lot out of it if you've got the money to spend on it uh... so we're going to dig into it today we'll talk about it uh... like said it's my favorite i think it's very productive for body building purposes in for longevity purposes uh... before i get into it uh... please take the time to subscribe to my channel like the video signing some offer alerts i put a lot of these videos up i haven't had a ton of people subscribing but i really appreciate it if you find the value in it if you would subscribe you to go to the channel off the ground uh... also if you went up dates on what's coming up with videos are coming up uh... you can or just what's going on with me in general you can follow me on instagram at Paul k barnette all right so let's dig into him a growth hormone so i'm a trope and property is a hd h it is a naturally occurring hormone in the body okay uh... just like testosterone is a naturally a court occurring hormone in the body it's uh... so the trope is the synthesized version of hd h using recombinant dna technology biologically it is a denical to human hd h the first fully synthetic rdna a sheath was developed in nineteen eighty seven for that they used to take the used to take a growth hormone from can i was in the they found out they're cause cutfield jacum students these i think it's what's called basically like a mad gal disease rd hd he turned into a zombie so that was a good they stopped doing that it is constructed of one hundred ninety one amino acid residues basically just a fucking amino acid originally was used to treat childhood growth disorders you know short intestines growth things like that also use currently for anti aging big in the anti aging community it flows age related cellular damage so you see the celebrities so that's a lot of talking about you that are seventy five years old look like they're forty five top crews and there's only so much classic surgery can do the rest of its a good diet growth hormone i'm not saying these guys don't work out hard and meet clean i'm sure they do but growth hormone helps too so it's very you know very important for anti aging honestly i think if you're over forty and you got the money to spend i would you know i would strongly consider a hormone replacement therapy and a protocol that consists of low-dose testosterone and therapeutic dose of or anti aging dose of growth hormone that's my two cents it was also used for anti-wasting treatment HIV patients this is a from what i understand now keep in mind this is just what i have heard that the original batch of body builders that were using to grow out in the LA were the a lot of AIDS there were a lot of AIDS patients in in that area where Venice Beach was in they were selling their growth hormone to the body builders top body builders were getting in initially it is a counter-regulatory hormone to insulin has an insulin and technistic effects of both liver and peripheral tissues we'll talk about this here in a minute that's important two notes effects of HGH it has an antibiotic effect on skeletal muscle tissue beyond being antibiotic it causes hyperplasia which is crazy you know so satellite cell growth new muscle tissue instead of actual hypertrophy which is just the growth of the existing tissue so that you're basically making new muscle cells promotes organ growth i've from what i've seen this is only in the higher dose is they used to think that's why you'd see a lot of guys with the send to guts because they're intestines and whatnot people were theorizing that they had grown and gotten so huge but these guys come off and get older they shrink back up so if it was permanent organ growth their guts wouldn't shrink back up so I think it probably has more to do with the food bloating visceral fat so i think the GH got things largely overstated now granted you know you probably does promote some organ growth if you get in a really really high doses it promotes connective tissue repair and regeneration stimulants matrix collagen synthesis which is really fucking cool so i think this you know this is a big reason why you see people marble now he's seen guys like dxter Jackson you know competing at a high level the mr. lumpy all the way up to 50 years old and you know i'm a masters competitor and there's some crazy put together dudes in their 50s and i think a lot of it has to do with the use of human growth hormone now because it does keep your joints and healthier keep your cell you know cells younger and healthier so you can continue to train hard and grow into your well into your older age whereas you couldn't do that before i mean probably before you know you didn't see many guys over 40 competing and bodybuilding now it's like pretty much half the dudes on the Olympia stage are over 40 you know so you didn't see a lot of that before promotes fat loss it does have a legogenic effect i think they're better things you can use for fat loss cheaper but it does help keep you lean increases i.g. f1 levels which is really where the the end direct muscle growth is coming from from that it is a side effects we talked about the diabetic diabetic genetic effect it can cause blood sugar levels to rise and can cause type 2 diabetes with higher doses it's a lot of ways you see older bodybuilders using your shit tonnance and it's not that there's some magic to the shit tonnance and they're just diabetics i mean i'm probably borderline diabetic myself or maybe i am i don't know i was like this before growth hormone it runs in my family but just something to keep in mind you know you run the risk of making yourself diabetic with the larger doses i will say it's generally what we're getting to it here in a bit but it's if you're taking a lower dose a lot of these side effects don't happen can reduce electrolyte levels i've had issues with that contests prep can reduce t3 and some people also sometimes people will supplement t3 when they're taking salotos at t3 when they're taking hgh can cause joint pain tingling and numbness a carpal tunnel syndrome stuffy nose here me now i got stuffy nose i don't know if it's related and i'm swelling in the extremities acromegly generally the the GH forehead and whatnot generally you don't see unless they're taking crazy high doses i have shaken a few promoter builders hands and they have fucking gigantic hands you see these cat take a look at the pictures of flex Lewis sometimes in his hands look like wrecked Ralph hands with their gigantic hands hands are like they're so fucking wide and it's you know i would speculate that it's from heavy GH use but his hands are crazy big and you'll see that with a lot of guys under high level competitors and the i have to be they have these fucking huge hands can speed up cancer growth i've read mixed things about this i've had cancer so this is certainly a concern for me um you know i'm probably rolling the dice a bit but i've read some studies that say that it does cause accelerated cancer growth others that say it doesn't i would go to reason you know cancer is an uncontrolled growth and if it promotes cellular growth and regeneration then it maybe would speed up cancer growth it doesn't directly cause cancer from what i've read and understand but if you have a pre-existing cancer is growth in your body it can it's kind of like poor in caracine on the fire uh body building uses for hg it's pretty straightforward muscle growth yeah duh uh connective tissue healing and strength i fat loss in healing or recovery i think this is where growth growth one of really shines you're not going to get a lot of short term growth from growth on people think they take it they're going to see some magic effect you know in six to twelve weeks it's one of these these things you have to commit to for a long term to really see the results from it um uh yeah the muscle growth is going to be a long term thing since it's hyper pleasure you're basically laying down the scaffolding for future muscle growth and it takes time to fill that in um it's not an overnight thing whereas like you know you take an antibiotic you're going to get the cell volumization and uh you know increase glycogen retention and bloating and shit like that you'll notice right away you don't birth on a subtle and slow um and you know the ability to keep your joints healthy so you can continue to train hard that is that is that is also you know the recovery factor that goes along with it is also it's hugely important I think that's probably the one of the one of the more important aspects of it um half life of growth hormone uh the half life is a big confusing so the half life for um subcutaneous injections 3.8 hours it's I've read it's like something like six for intermuscular but the you lose the the bioval ability goes down significantly with intermuscular injections so subcutaneous injections are going to you're going to get the most out of it but here's the thing the growth hormone itself from what I understand doesn't directly cause muscle growth in high-propleasure it's the increased IGF on levels are really what are benefiting you and there is a delayed onset of IGF one levels that raise after taking growth hormone which is up to 24 hours so the metabolic benefits and the uh antibiotic benefits of the growth hormone actually out way um or outlasts are the the actual um life of the hormone in the body so um you know so don't get too hung up on that you know I have read some things where multiple doses daily supposed to be better for fat burning I've tried it both ways taking single dose 3 doses I've seen very little difference to be honest with you I have read that that for for um insulin sensitivity that may be smaller doses throughout the day or better or taking breaks I generally take it at night before I go to bed to simulate the natural rhythm your body normally releases growth hormone at night and you know when you're repairing and growing so I generally just take it at night I've obviously I've seen no difference in whether you take it in the morning maybe a slight fat burning difference I don't know but it's it's small doses for hormone replacement therapy long-jewity I've seen most of these clinics you know prescribed one to two I use a day beginning body building two to four I use a day um intermediate you know four to eight and then advanced body buildings eight plus I will tell you I love the don't worry about the pre-menopausal women in there that was from another side doesn't apply here um another presentation sorry the advanced the eight units plus per day I have gone up over eight units and that's when the problems start manifesting themselves I will tell you that that's one insulin sensitivity get shitty that's one start having joint pain I personally think anything north of eight units is probably a waste for me personally six you know my experience six units per day is sort of the sweet spot I start getting side effects of eight you know some pretty nasty side effects my hands go numb I definitely have blood sugar issues when I get eight plus units per day and I I've looked at my blood work I see no difference in my idea of one levels from six units or anything north of you know six units really it just it you know there's no difference there's the same there's a big difference between four and six but it seems like six is kind of a sweet spot for me and really it's what we're trying to get out of it so you're basically I think if you go north of six units what you're doing is just using a very expensive fat burner of their cheaper waste of burn fat that's pretty easy to burn you don't need to spend thousands of dollars on growth hormone to burn fat so I don't know if I feel like us that are growing north of eight units are just wasting your money to be honest with you you know maybe there is some benefit but it's kind of like the curve of a lot of people are going to be a lot more expensive. I know that's more of a lot more problems less. benefit you know I bought I you know I've heard coach say there is no upper limit on growth hormone take as much as you can afford I don't know the necessary degree with that but I would have to see somebody's blood work that's taken 16 twenty units I've heard I've heard a pros I don't have the fuck they afford it but I'm not for units is probably plenty. Another thing with with growth hormone too it is a slow burn you got to take it day after day month after month for years on end to see a benefit from it. Running 12 weeks I was going to be a waste of your money. You know just don't even by the waste of your money don't even. Also if you're young you know you're nearly 20 she should have pretty high levels of growth hormone nationally you probably don't need it. If you're taking antibiotics I would eat out as much as you can with just antibiotics alone and see where you can get you know if you're knocking on the door getting a pro card then you have sure. But or just use it a contest time but I think you're probably wasted your money if you're 20 or 21 or nearly 20's. Taking it you're making enough if you're over 40 it's like I think it's a mandatory requirement if you're going to compete at least compete at a high level you almost have to have it in the mix if you're over 40 or over 35 even. For me I found that it healed up a lot of lingering issues you know I had a lot I mean I still have issues you know I might have torn a bunch of ligaments over the years just from stupid shit never in the fucking gym it's always playing basketball. Rod motorcycle is doing something stupid. Not one one I'll go tear something at the gym tonight but it seems like every fucking injury I've ever had has come from some outside activity. But I will tell you that it is helped heal up a lot of those lingering injuries. I do notice when I'm taking HDH. It does keep me leaner and I can get away with eating more garbage. I'm not encouraging you to eat more garbage but I can't get away with some popping my diet when I'm one you know hired us HDH it's just the truth. You know not a ton it's not like I'm pounded fucking doughnuts all day long but if I want to have a couple slices of pizza or you know a doughnut or a Snickers bar or something after I train or whatever it doesn't kill me like it would ordinarily. I noticed my skin the improved after I taken my skin tightened up a bit. I had a lot of loose skin before. I still do have some loose skin you know I've got old man skin but you know just the toe of my skin my skin's firmer I noticed some wrinkles went away which is pretty fucking cool you know it's subtle I wouldn't say it's dramatic but I definitely it does give me a stuffy nose when I take hired us as I think I have a cold right now but I have noticed I do get a stuffy nose that might it can cause inflammation and the signices. I get no hands at night sometimes when I take hired us as when I'm going up to eight I use my hands a fall asleep at night or weirdly like when I'm playing video games for some reason it's carpal tunnel. Some bloating too when you get on hired us especially when you're eating more food. I believe you know don't quote me on this but I believe a lot of the pharmaceutical grade HCH has a mild-directed kind of to help with that. I have noticed my glucose levels when I get north of six units a day my fasting glucose levels to go up so you know met form and becomes a necessity to counteract some of that at that point. For fat burning I have tried the two to three times a day. Those who get dusts seemed to improve some and as I mentioned before I feel like for me six units is the sweet spot I just don't know why unless you're trying to be Mr. Olympia get over that last little hump why you would spin all that extra money for a very little effect. I just you know I think you can spend a thousand dollars and taking risks with your health that are unnecessary and really you know it's not much benefit to it. It's you know maybe I'm wrong about that and feel free to argue with me and we can debate it but I just feel like anything more than I just sit here and it's six units is a waste. I heard Patrick tour who is you know coaches a lot of top level Olympia competitors now he yes this guy's all taken four to six units a day and same thing you know I heard him say the exact same thing he saw no difference on bloodwork for IGF one levels when people get north of six units. I don't know I just said to seven see the difference anyway thank you for watching my video please like and subscribe and keep pounding that and you probably get tired of him you say it but it really appreciated it helps me get this channel going feel free to ask questions in the comments section I'll do the best that I can answer I'm not a doctor so I'm not going to you know give you exact prescriptions for what you should do this is really for informational purposes only trying to prevent harm that's my primary objective here I know guys are going to do this shit regardless so I'm trying to give you good information that I didn't have access to when I was younger to keep you from damaging yourself if there are other videos you'd like me to make let me know I'm happy to make them and feel free to follow me on Instagram at pole k barna have a great day

=== FILE: Halotestin (Fluoxymesterone) Steroid Profile - Anabolic Bodybuilding [lqfgTOTr4Uw].txt ===

Okay, so today we're going to take a look at Halo Test and Fluoxy Mesterone. Well, if I said that correctly. Anyway, Halo is a pretty powerful and hydrogen is used in typically in contest prep or for peaking for power, lifting competitions. But it's strong as fuck. We'll take a look at it. So let's dig in. Properties of Halo. It is a structurally altered form of test-osterone. It's actually very similar to methyl test, which is pretty nasty. How it's different from testosterone. It has an added fluorogrup at the carbon-9 in 3. It's a beta hydroxyl group at the carbon-11. This makes it not a romanticizable, which is pretty cool. It's actually a testosterone derivative that doesn't romanticize. It gives it a very strong, androgenic action in a moderate to weak antibiotic action. It also has the modification at the 17th carbon ring by adding a methyl group. And with that means it's a C-17AA methylated oral steroid, which makes it liver toxic and administered orally. So let's trade off and get cooked liver, but you can take a pill. It is a significantly more potent hydrogen than tests. It has an endogenic rating of 850. So on paper, it's 8 times more endogenic than tests. An endabolic rating of 1900, which is deceiving. It practically has a very weak antibiotic action. But it was to don't let that endabolic rating for you. Originally, the clinical use for it was, it was used in both men and women, which is insane that they use this in women as a potent of an endogen as it is. It probably would turn women into men overnight. It was used for bone and burn healing. Muscle wasting diseases, countering cortisol, induced muscle wasting. It was also used to increase endogen levels, and as an anti-breast cancer medication, it took a lot better things, can't long. In fact, it does a lot of shit. Creacus protein, since synthesis like other steroids, increased nitrogen and retention. Increases bone density, which is pretty cool. Reduce is glucocorticoids, so really good for reducing cortisol. Increase strength. Your strength will go through the roof of the shit. Increased definition. Moderate sizing creases. Not a good size builder. And reduces breast tissue. Which explains why it was used for breast cancer medication. It is very liver toxic. Like other C-17A orals, liver enzymes, rose on a test cases on a 20-millogram dose for just two weeks. People had elevated it, liver enzymes, and that short period of time. It has an extremely strong negative effect on the lipids. So it's going to fuck your cholesterol all up. Elvated red blood cell and a matacrit. This always affects people differently. I've said them out of their videos. I don't seem to get the super high hematicrit. Like some people do. Stuff other people who do shit gets through the roof. I don't have the same issue, but everybody's different. Pretty strong risk of energetic side effects. Body hair growth. Ball this. B-p-h. Your prostate is going to blow up. If you stay on the fatigue long. Act me. Supposedly it makes people super aggressive. I'm like crazy fucking aggressive. More so than just about any other steroid. And mescalization, which is fantastic for your ladies, don't take it. Unless you want to be a dude, that's your choice. And it's a press' natural test production. Applications for a halo. I mean, really the only thing I can ever see it being used for. Picking for a bodybuilding show or peaking for a powerlifting. You know, for bodybuilding show, it's fantastic for peaking because it inhibits cortisol. You know, we're in a super stressed state at the intercontest prep. And cortisol is muscle wasting. So this will prevent muscle wasting by inhibiting cortisol production. Heart and body up. Keep strength up. You know, when you're getting weaker, prevents muscle wasting. When you're in a state where you're going to lose muscle when you're dieting. Also great for peaking for powerlifting increases in aggression. And it gives pretty significant, you know, being as potent and engaging as, you know, some pretty crazy strength increases. Half life, it has a nine hour half life, so it's pretty short. You're going to need a dose at least twice a day. Cycles and doses begin to dose 10 to 20 milligrams. Intermediate dose 20 to 40 advanced dose 50 plus per day. I would never go over 50. That's just my two cents. Unless you want to fry your liver. Cycle length. I mean, for me personally, I would not take it for more than a couple weeks. Peaking into a competition. The brologic rule of thumb is six weeks max. I can't imagine running for six weeks, but two weeks would be the most. I would, you know, I would run it in more than two weeks has been shown. Have serious elevations and liver enzymes. And if you're combining it with other orals on contest prep or peaking for a parallel-lifting competition, you got to be careful. My thoughts I've never personally used it. You know, it's pretty harsh. If you have a temper. Stay away from it. You're probably going to piss some people off. Call the divorce break up either girlfriend. I've heard horror stories of dudes absolutely lose and they're shit when they're taking Halo. You know, just being total jerks and when they're normally not. Just keep that in mind. I think Royad Rage for the most part is just an urban myth, but it doesn't seem to be the case with Halo. Halo makes people lose their minds. It'd be very, very, very cautious when stacking it with other orals. Also, I wouldn't take it for one or the two or three weeks. And I mentioned I would also use some liver. If I can talk liver health supplements to keep your liver and good shape. If you're, you know, if you're, you're peaky for a contest. It's probably a good idea to be on some liver health supplements anyway because you're stressin' your liver out. I would take some NAC, Tucka, and Milk, vessel. Help keep your liver healthy. Thank you for watching my video. Please like the video and subscribe to my channel. I have a lot of people watching and I lot of people subscribing. Feel free to ask questions in the comments section. If you have them, if there are other videos you want me to make, let me know and follow me on Instagram at Paul K Barnett. Thank you and have a great day.

=== FILE: How Much Muscle Can You Gain On Gear？ How To Bulk, Is Meal Timing Important？ Older Guy Training Tips [Gp3g5ttXpv4].txt ===

Warning, this content is for entertainment and educational purposes only. What's up, Jim Bros. it's big Paul here with another anabolic Q&A. This is where I answer all your questions about training, nutrition, and responsible performance enhancement while improving your results and keeping you safe from the stupid stuff You're a great student, and you're a great student. Today I've got some great questions lined up from my school and anabolic bodybuilding members community here just a few of the questions. How much muscle can you actually gain from a 20 week cycle on actually hanging onto it? For older bodybuilders, training to failure on the stake, how important is meal timing? Does it really matter that much as long as you hit your macros? We have these questions in many more. We'll dig into all of them in just one second. Before we get started, if you can just take one second, my friends and hit that like button and subscribe to my channel. I get a lot of people watching. Not that many people subscribing. Alright, first question I got here is from Rob C. Rob asked, how much muscle should an average gym bro expect to put on in a 20 week off season cycle? I am currently 210 pounds and just began my bulk, hoping to finish around 240 by March and still looking solid. How much of that 30 pounds should I expect to keep as muscle if my diet and training and sleep are all on point realistically? Alright, so lots of unpack here. And I hate putting numbers on this stuff because the scale doesn't always tell the truth. I think some of my best off seasons that I've had where I've come back and proved when I stepped on the stage, the scale didn't change at all. I did have that one year where I put on just a crazy amount of weight. Once in a lifetime that took that big jump forward. But when I went from my first national show, masters USAs and did master's nationals that year later, I literally didn't get more than 10, 15 pounds over my previous stage weight. Yet I came in 10 pounds heavier at the next show. So clearly there was a redistribution of body composition between those shows. So I don't get too hung up on the scale weight. What we know there are sometimes in your weight lifting journey, in your bodybuilding journey where you're going to make these huge leaps forward, it seems. The first year you're lifting weights, usually you're going to see big progress, basically just go in the jump, move some shit around. You're going to grow. You're going to gain weight. You're going to put on muscle. And then things sort of stagnate after that. Then guys hit the next phase where they start realizing the diet matters and they clean up the diet. And then they have another leap forward. Well, I don't even get that first. Usually, at least what I've seen is due to the side, well I'm going to hop on PED so not making any progress there. Without PED so they get on PEDs and then they make another jump forward. Then they try higher doses of PEDs and make a little bit more progress forward. What I found is that you have to get all three of these things wind up perfectly to make progress. You need to have your performance enhancement dialed in. You need to have your diet dialed in and your training needs to be such that it's progressive, stimulates mechanical tension and keeps you from a provides enough frequency. And stimulus to keep you moving forward but not to get hurt. If we get all these things wind up perfectly, then we have a case for adding muscle. Now in the offseason, my goal with an offseason is not just to move the scale. I really do not care about the scale. It's an improved look. It's an improved body composition. We don't want to let things get too out of whack. The more fat that you gain and then offseason the harder your contest prep is going to be when you do go into a cutting phase or even if you're just a regular gem bro who just wants to get in shape in the summer. The more fat you put on chasing muscle, the more you're going to have to press things when you go into a cut phase. And if you are in a situation where you have 30, 40 pounds of fat, you need to lose to get in a decent body composition. There's a high probability that you're going to lose muscle tissue. Even if you gain some extra muscle by putting on an extra weight. Now we can go back and look at examples of world class body builders and what they've done in the offseason. You can take a look at, you know, guys like Dorian Yates, you can take a look for an older body builder for somebody more modern. You can take a look at Nick Walker. Obviously, I like to use Nick Walker as the example. Something like over a 10 year period of time, he put on close to a hundred pounds of stage weight. Now that is a best case scenario. Nick has an exceptional work ethic. We know that Nick has genetics to grow muscle. You know, I don't know what his protocols look like specifically, but I'm assuming that he stays healthy and has an ability to respond to the PDs and stay healthy. And you know, everything is lined up perfectly for that dude and he's average something like eight to ten pounds a year. Something like that. Now it's not linear. We know earlier on in your journey, you're going to have, you're going to have more progress. You know, I would say, you know, look at any, if you can put on a, you know, 15, 10 to 15 pounds of true stage weight in a year. And if you can do that for five years straight, you're going to be a pro body builder. And if you're, you're going to be the biggest dude in your journey. You know, if you put on 50 pounds of true stage weight in a five year period of time, you're going to be the biggest motherfucker around. And I know a lot of times guys get disappointed when I hear them say, you know, realistically, I mean, for the average dude, let's just say middle of the road. You know, five to ten pounds of muscle, legitimately, after it's all said and done over a 16 to 20 week off season. It's probably what you can expect is going to happen. And then, and that doesn't always happen to either, but you know, let's just say that that's the case. The guys get really disappointed. They get upset. They get discouraged. But think about what five to ten pounds of steak looks like in a shopping cart. That is a lot of lean tissue that you've added to your body. And even if you did five pounds per year of added that stage weight true muscle tissue over a five year period of a time. That's a 25 pound jump. If you're a 200 pound body butter with say, you know, that's probably wouldn't average a Dalton male is or hundred and ninety eight pounds. If you put on 25 to 30 pounds over a five year period of time, you're going to go from being a light heavy weight to being super. And if you're competitive in a super heavy weight in in the NPC, you're likely going to be knocking on the door for a card more than likely. You know, those are the guys that are winning pro cards. I mean, I think about, you know, there's guys on the pro stage. I don't know how much Martin fits waterways, but I don't think he's an exceptionally large guy. He just has great conditioning. I don't, you know, I was assuming he was a super heavy. I don't know who's weight off the top. I only had Heidi Chupin. It's not an exceptionally large guy. There's, but there's a lot of muscle on that frame. So don't get hyper focused on the scale. Try to gain muscle in the offseason. Really, the goal should be is to put on as much muscle as we possibly could. Minimize fact gain as much as we possibly can. So that way when we do go into a cut phase, we can minimize muscle loss because Well, let's say not a fact that we have to lose the less risk that we have of losing actual muscle tissue protein structures when we're died in. Because if we have 40, 50 pounds of fat that we need to knock off, you're going to have to go on a pretty steep, caloric deficit and do a shit ton of cardio. And it's really hard to hang on the muscle doing that even with PEDs. If you only have to lose 10, 15 pounds on a contest prep over a 16 week contest prep, we're talking about a pound a week. That is a 500 calorie day net and negative energy balance that we need to be into to accomplish that. That is a much more sustainable and easy approach. You're going to be able to eat more food, do less cardio and thus hang on to more muscle and probably have a better look on stage. I would say also make sure that you're nice and lean first when you start off. The leaner you are the more runway you're going to have to put on body fat. But you know, long story short, what we can expect, we know we know what the best case scenarios are. Best case scenarios that we, you know that we we have seen 15, 20 pounds of stage weight in a year. And that's like a once in a lifetime kind of thing. And that's to very select individuals that just everything aligned. I would say, you know, more realistic probably for an average of Jim bro. Five, maybe 10 pounds a year of real tissue at it to your frame for a competitive bodybuilder is what I would consider to be. Part of some of it has to do with age. The younger you are probably the more you're going to be able to gain us older guys. You know, shit sometimes if we can put on two, three, four pounds in a year that that's a win. Anyway, don't get discouraged. Stay patient. Bodybuilding is a long game. You have to commit to this over a long period of time. You're not going to make your physique into a championship physique in one off season. But it's steps towards it. I would say most of these people if you look at the top performers. We're grinding away for eight to ten years before they turn pro. It takes time. Anyway, hopefully this is helpful, man. Look. All right, next question I've got here is from Joshua H. Joshua. Ask. I'm seeing testosterone products with and without F. Oliate. What is the, and why would someone want to avoid it? I've heard other influencers say you should avoid it. Yeah, F. Oliate is sort of the PED users. Buggie man. There are certainly some people. Let's say it's a small percentage of people that seem to have an immune response to it. I have seen some dudes have high, sea reactive protein. Immune markers go crazy. Some guys seem to have an allergic reaction to F. Oliate. F. Oliate is a synthetically derived oil slash care. It's very smooth. It's very thin. UGL's use it because it is something that they can, you know, one they remove steps in the brewery process from what I understand. Not an expert on this shit. And it allows them to make higher concentration PED. So like when you see like these 500 milligrams testosterone. And 500 milligrams testosterone. Suspensions and and heard text testosterone mixes. You see these 500 milligrams 400 milligrams echo poison mixes. There's high probability that they're using F. Oliate. The F. Oliate, it's all as a combination of ethanol and a fatty ester chain that is derived from olive oil. Oliate acid. It's synthetically made and it's not something that we, it's naturally occurring in nature obviously. But some people do seem to have an immune response to it. It got really popular in early 2000s. I remember a lot of the UGLs and I don't know, 2005 or so we were using it and it was like all the bro's loved it because it was really thin. And you can make these super high concentration PEDs. A lot of guys end up getting PIP from it. I've heard, I don't know if this is true, that speculation that the high concentrations of gear that are mixed with it actually crash with your injected in you and crystallize in the muscle. And that's why you end up with all this pain from these high concentrations that people get with the F. Oliate. It does seem to cause immune response in some people. Great seed oil and MCTs seem to be the preferred carrier oils for PEDs. And if you look at most pharmaceutical grade PEDs, you know, test of iron and all the barred products. I don't think they make the rim of all and anywhere they've discontinued those, but they were all in grapes seed oil from what I recall. Most UGLs now are using MCT. MCT seems to be the preferred one. It's smooth. It's been a bit of stress easily, drowsy easily. So MCT is probably the go to for most people, but if you were worried about PIP, if you're worried about allergic reactions, I would generally avoid F. Oliate. I've used it in the past. It has a very distinct smell to it. You'll know when they use it. I don't know how to describe how it smells. It smells almost like traumatic or something. It has a very strong chemical smell. So you'll know when guys, I think sometimes these UGLs lie about it. I also speculate that they use it to keep gear from crashing when they mail it in various temperatures and also use it to make these high potency PEDs. I would stay away from it. I've seen a lot of guys have problems with it. I don't think it's a good choice. Personally, why take the risk? Use the lower concentration stuff and be safer and reduce your risk as far as having an allergic reaction or crash gear or an abscess or any other problems. When I see these 500 milligrams testosterone or aqua-voice per ML solutions, I scratch my head. You're just asking for a problem for any of those. I would just steer away from it as my two cents. My man Joshua P asked, what date should I bulk start to be in peak condition for the Arnold? With a debolfe, I'm probably now. Usually you look at the end of about 16 to 20 weeks of pushing and it starts to fall apart. I'm not exactly sure how far we are from the Arnold. I don't think it's about 16 weeks from the Arnold. Right now, I'm out this correctly. It's the first week in a march. I would do my push now. I would probably cut personally. But it depends on if you want to look good and be sure if you want to look good. Based on what your program is, but it's funny. I see a lot of dudes that are prepping for these shows. One of the fun things about going to these big body building shows with the expos as you see all sorts of dudes walking through the crowd, showing off their physique. I'm guilty of it. I like to just offer a little bit when I go to these things. I like to make sure that I'm in optimal condition. If I'm not a moron or a sweatshirt. But anyway, yeah, I would probably start now. I like to run orals at the end of cycles. I know most people have the opposite approach. I'm talking about front-loading. I don't know why you would do that. I'm going to do that. Still building up and you're going to respond to the lower doses anyway. So if you were to run some tea ball, nothing that's what you should do. But I would put it in the last three to four weeks. So you're maxed out when you get to the Arnold and you're looking saucy. All right. Next question I got up here is from Nathan Why. Supporting question. Nathan asked some coaches like Patrick to her impossibly curt havens run lower protein and higher carbs, similar to what Mike Mincer did back in the day. Depending on the athlete, natural versus enhanced digestion and protein powder tolerance. Do you see lower protein intake as low as 1.6 grams per kilogram, becoming more common in the future? I mean, I think a lot of people are eating way less protein than they did 20 years ago. You know, the late 90s early 2000s. It was the two grams per pound of body weight. You know, a pro-chemic. And since what guys just, that was just whatever everybody did. I remember trying to slam down 600 grams of protein, 500 grams of protein. And my stomach was constantly bleeding and I was drinking a shit ton of protein powder. I was always farting and had indigestion and all sorts of stomach problems. And I just thought I had to jam this food down and just suck it up and deal with all these things. And I think that's why a lot of bodybuilders end up with gut issues over time. Distended bellies. It's from pushing the food specifically protein. Very hard. It's not to say that you don't need protein. There's one non-negotiable in all bodybuilding diets. And you know, what you can argue whether you want to run low fat or high fat or high carb or low carb. But everybody runs higher protein. You know, and you know, look. If we're talking about it, even the three quarters of a gram per pound of body weight, I'm a 250 pound bodybuilder. If I went three quarters of a gram, which studies show sort of like the bare minimum for athletes. I mean, we're still talking about 200 grams of protein. The average of American needs something less than 100 grams of protein per day. So I'm still double with the average American intake, as even on the lower end for the bodybuilding scale. Our view of what is necessary for proteins got very skewed. Now, with that said, protein is sort of a free pass the way I look at it. I look, we probably most of us are probably overeating protein for the most part. We probably eat too much of it. But proteins, one of those things, I would air on the side of going a little too high, then a little too low. There's really no downside to eating extra protein like there would be safe for eating extra fat. We're eating way too many carbs. Those can have potential downsides. There's really no potential downsides from eating extra protein. If you look at the metabolic pathways on how protein is metabolized, it's, you know, there's really very minimal chance of any excess protein being converted to fat. The majority of it, once it's broken down by the body, the majority of it is converted to Euroc acid and you just just pee it out. Once the nitrogen is stripped off and then you're left with these carbon skeletons, ketones, et cetera. And then it can be converted to glucose, the gluconeogenesis and potentially stored as fat. There's so many, so many steps that have to be taken before it actually gets stored as body. You can look at, I mean, this is why high protein, you know, these protein-sparing modified fast work, you know, high protein diets with low fat, low carbohydrates. You can basically eat all the protein you want and lose until it's fat because it's pretty much damn near impossible for your body to convert protein into fat. I mean, I guess if you're eating that, but there's also the satiety factor of eating a ton of protein. I mean, you get to a point where there's only so much chicken you can eat before you tap out, at least with most people unless you're eating super high fat. Proteins in and those are more palatable, but it's not really the protein that's making your fat at that point. It's all the extra fat you're getting for meeting rib eyes and chicken wings and shit like that. But if you're eating a bunch of lean protein, the risk of gaining body fat from eating lean proteins probably close to zero. So protein is a bit of a free pass. If you look back in the old school days of bodybuilding, guys used to diet on high protein, low fat, low carbs. And they would use vegetables. They would get some fiber in there and basically protein-sparing modified fast and just absolutely shredded. Your body will actually make glucose from the protein, the excess protein is needed. You'll see it when guys eat too much protein on blood work blood, urea, nitrogen will get high. Everybody that eats a higher protein diet in zone PDs does have some elevation to be human on their blood work. I mean, that's just from the excess protein, but the majority of it's probably just getting pissed out. There's also the thermic effect of protein. The protein metabolism is something like 20 to 30% of it's actually lost. Of the calories are actually lost in conversion. So protein really is a free pass. Now with that said, here's my take on it. However, hydrates are protein-sparing because your body, if it has glucose present, will not convert those proteins through gluconeogenesis and to glucose to meat. It's glucose needs. Even if your RN ketosis, your body still needs some glucose for basic metabolic functions, brain kidneys, things like that. So your body is still going to convert some of that protein into ketosis and it, or, sorry, into glucose. And really the only true way you get into hard ketosis would be to eat really low protein and predominantly fat. And nobody in the body building, world is doing that. So when guys say they want to keto diet, it's not really keto per se. They're eating a high protein high fat diet, which is a little different. And you know, there's still some of that protein that's going to be metabolized for glucose, for glucose demand. And ultimately, if we are eating low carbs, we're probably going to need more protein just because a lot of protein is going to get converted to glucose. So why not cut out the middle man eat a little more carbs in your diet, keep the protein a little bit lower. You know, eating excess protein is really just eating very expensive carbohydrates of your body. Just going to, you're going to end up pissing out that you're real and converting the rest through glucose and your gymses into carbohydrates. You're just eating really expensive carbohydrates. So just eat a fucking potato instead and say yourself 20 dollars on the state. You know, that's the way I look at it's carbohydrates of protein, So if we're running a really low carbohydrate diet, we probably do need a little more protein if we're running a higher carbohydrate diet. We can keep the protein a bit lower. I cycle protein and carbs when my diets are running carbs, cycling diets. So on my low days, I'll keep the protein a bit higher. On my high carbohydrate days, I'll keep the protein lower because we don't need as much protein with all those carbohydrates present. Running the running a more moderate amount of protein. I usually eat somewhere between a gram to a gram and a quarter per pound myself personally. I find that to be more than adequate to meet my needs. If I were going to go very low carb, I probably would crank that up closer to 1.5. You know, that's sort of my approach, but I find that digestion is better when we keep protein a little bit lower. I keep some carbohydrates in, keep some fiber on. Digestion seems to be better. We don't have the gut extension in the gut issues and another corner of our bros are going to be upset with that one, but that's just what I've seen. Ultimately, you know, you really, you have some knob you can turn. If you're not going to eat, carbohydrates you're probably are going to need more protein. If you're going to eat carbohydrates, you probably need less protein. And so these are just the knobs that we can turn. And I would say the pragmatic way to look at it is eat what meets your energy demands, carbohydrates are just essentially energy at the end of the day. And protein is sort of the Swiss army knife. It can be converted into glucose as needed and it can be also used for muscle protein synthesis and replenish the amino acid pool, internal, all of these other essential processes in the body protein is the core of any diet. And we can debate how much protein we need, but likely most of us are overeating protein. Is it hurting anything? Probably not. Peter H asked, do you train normally after a night of little to no sleep due to insomnia or stress? Or is it more beneficial to take an extra day off? Well, Peter, I'm the wrong person to ask about this. I'm a fucking dunderhead. I love being in the gym. You know, when I'm rolling, I'm in the gym seven days a week. Doesn't matter how much I sleep. I haven't saw any. I would say a lot of it depends on your food intake. If you're in a caloric deficit, you have to be very, very, very, very cautious about digging yourself into a fatigue hole. Extremely cautious. The only time that I've ever been truly overtrained were my central nervous system. Just completely gave up and was fried. Was when I was on a contest prep deep into a contest prep. I wasn't sleeping because I was probably over using stimulates. My sleep fucking sucked. Sleeping at three or four hours a night and I just kept pushing my training and I ended up burying myself. I remember going into the gym one day. I normally warm up with like three plates on the leg press, two or three plates. Like that, just to get some movement going, I couldn't even move that. My legs just said no. They just didn't work. Way came crashing because my central nervous system was just completely fried. Now, if you have a bad night asleep, I would say just go into the gym, do a light workout. Ideally, we want to get sleep optimized. If you can figure out what's causing the lack of sleep, we do that. I've never been a big sleeper. I'm not saying the sleep isn't important, but I do think the people really, really, really overstate the whole sleep thing. I pretty much slept five to six hours a night. My entire adult life. I've been better with it lately. No, that I've been using a CPAP and I'm retired from a CEO job. I'm sleeping more like seven to eight hours, which I've never done in the last 30 years in a reason. Kids working a high stress executive job, bodybuilding. There just wasn't enough time in the day. Now that my stress levels are a little bit lower and I'm full time gym pro. I sleep much better now. It's surprising how that works. But I pretty much spent my entire adult life from the time I was in college up until just recently, the last year or so, sleeping five hours a night, six hours a night. I made a lot of progress in the gym. I'm not saying that that's optimal, but ideally, we do know for longevity and for your health and ability to recover that you probably should be sleeping more. I've seen plenty of dudes make great progress, only sleeping five or six hours a night. I would say as long as you're not feeling completely just to fright, I would get into the gym and get a workout done. If it's a half ass workout, I think it's good to be moving. That'll probably help you sleep. To go on and just get a workout done. But if you're completely fried, then stay out of the gym. Get some sleep. Alright, next question here is from William P. William asked, you often discuss a training smarter for athletes over 40 or 50, specifically you emphasize avoiding training to failure, instead of leaving instead leaving one to two reps in reserve. Can you explain this concept in more detail? I am 55 and I usually push every set of failure is that on wise. How do I know I'm working hard enough if not? How do I know if I'm working hard enough if I'm not going to failure? Look, I know pointy seems to be controversial on social media right now. But go to failure, reps and reserve, science, bro versus each other. The way I look at it, there are examples in professional bodybuilding. People that have done it both ways and had success and have grown quite a bit. Do we need to train to absolute failure to make progress? Probably not. But I would say this earlier on in your journey when you're in your 20s. I think it's important to train hard, train progressively. Find out where your limits are at, get all that out of your system. Get some strength on, go through all of that and then once you hit that intermediate to advanced level of bodybuilding we need to start being. More careful with things and consider injuries in injury risk as part of the equation. A lot of the surgeries in shit that I've had now, I think I've just was on my 10th surgery. I've been relatively injury free the last five years since I've trained. I've changed my training up. My shoulder was just more aware and tear injury over time. I actually think I've fucked it up and you can see it's gonna be honest with you. You know, that's a whole other, whole other question. But training to failure, you know, here's the thing. It can be safe, it can be done safely. A lot of it's relative. Look, let's think about this critically. Training to failure on a set of cable curls doesn't incur the same amount of fatigue risk. And, you know, just otherwise just, problems that you would have if you went to balls to the wall, want to set up 500 pounds on squats. If you went to a set of 500 pounds on squats in your 55 years old, you're doing force reps, you're doing weather makers, you're going all in. It's probably going to be extremely taxing to your central nervous system. Also, you know, we have to think about the knobs we have to turn here. Weight plays a role in it to exercise selection plays a role in it too. So the more weight that we're using and the bigger compound movement, it's probably carry more risk of injury for older lifters. When I had my shoulder surgery done, my surgeon told me he does he does rotator cups by sub tendons in pectares. It's like his thing that he does. And he said he said the majority. Almost all his pectares and shoulder injuries come from guys over 50 years. Over 50 or you know, late 40s, over 50. Doing barbell bench presses, doing dumbbell shoulder presses, heavy compound movements. He said he almost never sees guys, especially shoulder injuries. He's like I rarely ever see men come in with shoulder injuries that are that are not lifting heavy weights. It just doesn't happen. He said bodybuilders and weight lifters keep me in business. They bought my Porsche. That's what he told me. So take that with a grain of salt. That's a manic don't for you. But it does seem that these things carry higher risk as we get older. So that is something that you're going to have to personally evaluate yourself. Now what I have found is that you know, you can still make, this is the thing I think for people, a notion of people sort of failed to understand when it comes to the whole training to failure argument. We have a couple of knobs that we can turn when it comes to training. We have intensity, which intensity for me, the factors and intensity are the amount of weight that you're using. And the proximity to failure that you are in. Also the exercise selection. Look, going to failure on a fucking set of cable pearls is not intense at all. Going to failure on a, a 500 pound squat where you're at six reps in your fail and it's six reps is way more intense than going to failure on a 30 pound cable curl. So that's sort of the factor that I consider in intensity. So it's a very complex thing if we really want to unpack it and consider it carefully. So we have to evaluate this as older lifters. Here's the thing and I see this all the time with older bodybuilders. I see guys like, you know, hey, I tore my pack. Yeah, I did this. I did that. And I battle theory and I still made it through to my show and I'm like, well, maybe if you just dial things back a little bit. Maybe if you selected some better exercises, you might not have gotten hurt. And you maybe would have made better progress. I mean, there's a saying in the NFL, you can't make the club in the tub. It's the same thing in the bodybuilding. And bodybuilding. You can't make progress. If you beat up and hurt all the time, what's the point going to failure if you go to failure? You're fucked for six weeks and you have to reload or you have to take breaks. Wouldn't it be better to go 90% all the time than a hundred percent? 10% of the time? I don't know. I mean, that's sort of my take on it. And it was a real big adjustment for me mentally because I loved to train to failure. I absolutely fucking love to train to failure. I love going into gym. Lifting some heavy ass weights, going balls to the wall and testing my limits. It's a mental thing more than it is anything. And just found out, you know, when I hit like my early 40s, I just started getting hurt all the fucking time. I couldn't train. I do one week of that, salivating. And I need three weeks to recover from it. And what I found is if I dialed it back just a little bit, I didn't have to do anything crazy. Be more intelligent with my exercise selection. Be more intelligent with my proximity to failure. Be more intelligent with my loads. Increase the rep range, which is going to reduce risk. But this crazy thing happened and I started growing again. And I got hurt less. And so these are all things that we have to consider. And another thing too. You know, it's like I'm not saying that if you want to train a failure, train a failure, I don't have anything against it. I did it for a long time myself. I was a mystery. The smash the log book for 15 years. You know, I was a smash in the log book and then until a good inspection, more it smashed me. But think about this critically, it's really only bodybuilders that have this notion that they need to train to absolute failure, or either they're not going to make progress. Powerlifting is don't train a failure, almost ever. They never trained a failure. Very rarely, you know, they'll put together their mesocycle. It's all programmed out. They have ratios and percentages of lifts and then they work towards a maximum lift. But these guys are big. These guys are fucking stronger than bodybuilders. They're bad ass. And they don't train a failure. I don't know why that thought hasn't occurred to the bodybuilding community. But look, I get it. It's bad assery. I love bad assery. I love being tough. I love that mentality. And I think if you're a young person, go for it. And just go balls out. Find out where your limits are. Test your limits. Find out where those are at. Make as much progress as you can when you're in your 20s. Smash that log book progress. When you're an older lifter, you got to be more careful. You got to be more intelligent with your training. If you wanted to be sustainable, otherwise you're going to be getting orthopedic. You can pursue just a ton every couple months and you're just really not going to be in the gym. You're going to end up crippled. I can't tell you how many. Hobbled up 55 year old hardcore. Bodybuilders. I see at these. Exposing shows. I mean, you'll you. The guys that were the hardcore guys. And they're in their 20s and 30s. The guys that were going balls out on everything. And screaming and yelling, they're all bunch of fucking cripples when they pass 50. Go to anybody building. Expone see your old hero walking around and they're all fucking hobbled up. The guys that train a little more intelligently. I would give you the example of maybe Jay Cutler. I know Jay Cutler didn't. You know he was more of a volume guy. I just saw Jay this past weekend. Jay's in these 50s and Jay looks fucking fantastic. Dude, looks like he's 39. His spry is walking around. I mean, he's still big. He's still jack. He looks great. And then you see something his counterparts. They don't look so good. They're all beat up. They're all crippled. They're unhealthy. Jay looks healthy and spryed to me. That's the way. I'm going into my retirement age. So I would say be intelligent with your training. I'll ultimately do what you love. That's what this whole journey is about. But for me, I would be smarter with your training and consider those factors when making your program. All right. Next question here is from Stephen K. How important is meal timing throughout the day, including pre and post workout? I'm on the road working in advance. So generally combine all my race. I'm like chicken and my egg and the one container and eat whatever it can. Macros are always hits. Here's the thing with the meal timing thing. It probably makes small difference. It's, I don't know. It's hard to quantify and put a number on it. But I would say it's about a 5% difference. If you are going to be a high level competitive bodybuilder, that 5% difference over a 5 to 10 year period of time can add up into another 5. 10 or 15 pounds of muscle. If you're just a guy that's trying to look good, a guy that's just a gym bro, it probably doesn't matter a whole lot. Now there are some things that we have to consider when it comes to meal timing and getting meals down, you'll typically see bodybuilders eating 5 to 6 times a day. I think a lot of that just came down to just the sheer food volume. Not being able to hammer down the amount of food that you need to grow in 3 meals. If we look at it critically and think about the amino acid pool and muscle protein synthesis, we don't store amino acids like we do say body fat or glucose as glycogen words there for days and ready to go. You know, as a pool gets depleted quickly. So we need to replenish that every 3 to 5 hours depending on how fast the protein that we eat, digest. You could probably get away with 3 to 4 meals a day if you had to. I wouldn't say that's optimal. I've been doing it lately. I've been eating 3 times a day and I've seen him have held on to a good chunk of my size eating that way. I'm definitely not growing at this point, but I seem to have been able to mostly maintain eating that way. But if you want to optimize, I would say probably at least 4 to 5 meals per day. Now when it comes to the pre-entra and post workout window, there's some considerations that we have to make there. Group 4 translation is greatly increased when we're lifting weights. How we lift weights probably has an impact on it. I can't say this for sure, but there's an anecdotal evidence that we look at the guys that train with higher volume versus the guys that are more lower volume trainers. Need more carbohydrates around the workout window. And lifting weights, it seems especially with more volume seems to increase group 4 translation amount of time that we have that window open. So if you are a higher volume trainer, someone who trains with higher volume, you're likely going to need more carbohydrates around that workout window to take advantage of that increased group 4 transport. Even, you know, you're even seeing guys using insulin. I've always kind of felt like the dudes that are the high intensity low volume trainers pounding a bunch of carbohydrates around the workout and taking insulin. It probably is pointless to me. I'm not going to get much of an advantage from it. I'm doing a lower volume style training. You can probably just eat less of carbs and go about your day. Now the higher volume trainers, you can see guys like Mila Sarchev and even honey roundbot with his FST 7 program. Where he'll have guys do a PR set and then follow it up with 7 sets of 10. He does with the FST training program Mila Sarchev's giant sets and they stack in Perry workout nutrition as well along with insulin use and take advantage of that window where group 4 transport is increased. You're going to have increased glucose uptake. Now the intro workout shake is primarily going to be to stay off glycogen depletion. We're going to supplement in glucose as we work out to help sustain workouts especially if we're doing higher volume workouts to help with that. In most of the glycogen synthesis, it's said, or is going to be done other times. I'm going to happen during that period of time. I would speculate. This is just me speculating, but you'll see people that do higher volume training, higher carbohydrate insulin use that all seems to pair up together. The higher carbohydrates, higher insulin, higher volume all seems to synergize together. You can see that in a lot of pro bodybuilders that use that methodology to train. Now they're being guys that are getting big not doing that during the eighths as an example. But I also don't think during eightish at ton of carbs from what I recall. So clearly what he did worked back in the day, but there are different approaches. So long story short, I think you do need to have sustained amino acid intake throughout the day for muscle protein synthesis. So I would not probably go more than four to five hours without some sort of protein. If you need to sip on a protein drink during the time, you can do that. If you're just slamming all your food in a bowl and eating it throughout the day, another guy's a thing. Chase does that. He doesn't measure out into regional meals. He just makes always food for the day and puts it all on a big bowl and then just eats it. I could be wrong. I would call Chase doing that. That is an option that clearly works for a lot of people. But I would say if you are truly about being the most competitive bodybuilder that you can possibly be in at a can out every bit of results that you possibly can, that meal timing does matter over a long term. Over the short term, you're not going to see that much of a difference. If you're just trying to be a general, you're not going to see that much of a difference. But if you're going to be a top level competitive bodybuilder, that stuff does add up over time. Next question here is from Brian D from the School and a Bodybuilding Members Community. Brian asked when doing a cycle, do you ever recommend supplementing DHA or DHA in pregnant alone? If so, what symptoms of conditions would indicate that they might be beneficial? I didn't use them until recently, Virus Steve had recommended them. I'd be honest with you, I don't know if I noticed a whole lot of difference with using them and not using them. Maybe slightly better mood when using the two. But both are neuro steroids and with the suppression of HTPA, it's possible that those become deficient as we, as we're running a cycle and can affect mood and sex drive and things like that. So supplementing them could potentially help out with mood and other things. There is some evidence that men, on PEDs, can have adrenal insufficiency and potentially DHA could help with this. I've seen a lot of blood work with you where guys have way to the DHA levels. So, you know, how much you need? I don't know particularly if Virus Steve has some really good information up about that. So what are the same deal with pregnant alone? Pregnano alone is a mother hormone, so to speak. It's upstream from the conversion of other hormones, you know, cholesterol and to steroid hormones. And also it can be related to adrenal fatigue and neuro steroid deficiency. And if you, in theory, the combination of DHA and pregnant alone while on steroids while taking PEDs should help with adrenal health and also improve mood. You know, improve neuro steroid production and improve mood overall and should make it just feel better. That's sort of the concept behind it. But I never really heard of anybody using them until the last few years. I've been running them for the last year. My anecdotal observation is I haven't noticed much of a difference. But it's one of those things we want to toss in. See how you react to it. See if you notice any potential improvement in mood and fatigue potentially could help. All right. Next question here is from Joe H. How would you peak someone for a show? There's been running a carbs like them died. Well, he gives a great thing with the carbs like them died. And basically what we do to peak for a show. I see a lot of coaches do. They'll do some sort of depletion and some sort of carb up. And then they do a water cut the day before the show. And that's sort of the formula. And the slick thing with carbs like them, we've essentially been doing that through the whole diet. We already know how your body response to the higher carbohydrates because we're running a single high day per week. We already know how your body response to depletion. Because we do run a low carbohydrate using zero carbohydrate diet on contests prep. So we already have data and information on that. So essentially we've been practicing peaking the entire contests prep with how we cycle through these diets. Now what we do know, usually what I see is when we do the high carbohydrate day, there is going to be some water retention the day after. And then we have a sort of a washing off period. It takes about 24 to 36 hours. Post the high carbohydrate day before you actually start to look better. It's usually two days post high carbohydrate day that I've seen that people look their best. Most of the time and that would make sense because glycogen takes upwards of 24 to 48 hours to fully synthesize. Now what I usually do with guys when I peek them, we just sort of continue along the path that we have. I will up calories a bit on the peak week. I like to pull back cardio. I like to wash off fatigue. Sort of reverse people into the show. I don't do anything drastic. I used to do really high carb pushes to see what we could get away with. There is a tactic called film spill that some some coaches use it. Where you get super aggressive with the carb up and then you'll use water manipulation or dioretics to get in the excess water off. Have guys looking super full busting at the seams going into the show, but my experience with that. What I've seen is that it's a fucking crapshoot. Sometimes it works. Sometimes it goes terribly wrong and you can look at the guys on the postage who have used that approach. Who have been hit or missed with their peaks. The coaches that have the most consistent peaks, the guys that always seem to nail their peaks, tend to be more conservative with their approach, going into the show. And we'll get a guy like Honey Rombod. I look at a guy like AJ Sims. Chris Cicito, these guys, you know, and I've seen some of their diets. They tend to be a little more conservative with their carb up approach. Now what I have come to like to do is I like, you know, usually what I will do is start increasing the food just a little bit going into the peak week. If we do need a dude, please, and I will do a depletion day four days out. Sometimes that's not necessary. I'll pull the cardio back down. I usually don't like guys doing more than 30 minutes of like walking on peak week. What I and what I will do with my carb up, I usually spread it out over two days. I'll do three in two days out from the show. And I'll bring it down just a little bit lower from what we were doing the high day going. And, you know, during the contest prep. So we know what guys look like from that from that high day. I'll back it off just a little bit. And then the day before the show, I'll pull water down a bit. Nothing drastic usually I have my guys go from drinking two gallons of water down to a half a gallon of water or three quarters of a gallon of water of the day on the before the show depending on how they look. We go with we pull the last two days usually I pull the protein down very low. We were talking about protein consumption earlier. And I'll go down to as low as like something like two to three ounces of protein per meal. And then use easier digesting rice base, carbohydrates sources. So we can keep the stomach nice and tight. When you're at the end going into a show, you're not really going to be growing. So there's no point needing a shit ton of protein. This is going to sit in your stomach as you don't dehydrate it going into the show. And then we just read it in the show. A lot of it's based off of how you look. No two clients that I prep have the same exact approach going into the show. But ultimately I lit what they look like. Dictate what we're doing with the food and we adjust accordingly. All right, last question here is from West side Aaron. West side ask, I'm having a hard time adding volume for my lower back. My current volume is nine to tell 12 working sets per body part on a bro split, even wearing about more often I can manage only four to six sets for lower back. I'm trying to gain mass should I keep this or drop the overlapping movements to increase lower back volume. Well, I mean, if you're doing squats, if you're doing dead less, if you're doing bro rows, sorry, I was going to say, bro's. You don't. Rose that aren't supported and maybe those are bro rows. I'm sorry, bro. So if you're good, good thing for it. But if you're doing rows that are non supported roasted bar bell rows, things like that, you're going to be working your lower back when all those things. It's, you know, that is volume that is, you know, you are providing tension on that lower back area. You're stimulating growth. So I don't know that you need a whole lot of lower back direct lower back work. And different muscle groups have different tolerances for volume. I found things like the lower back. Things like hamstrings tend to need less volume. And if you push the volume to high, they tend to get over trained more easily. Whereas, you know, certain things like the arms or calves or something like that just seem to. You can just blast away, you know, arms, you know, you can, you can probably, I think lead priest training is arms every day. I remember him, maybe I'm wrong about that, but I thought I recall him saying that he did that when he was a teenager. You can get away with a fair amount of arm training. So volume is subjective. It's really based on your ability to recover. I would not throw those other exercises in the trash if they're contributing to your growth. All those things are helping you grow. And I would just do whatever direct lower back volume and work that you feel like you can recover from. And handle. Listen to your body. That's another thing that I've learned is I've got an order. I used to feel like I had to do certain things just because somebody said you had to do them. And I would ignore the signals that my body was giving me. That say, hey, maybe this is too much or maybe this is not enough. Just because expert or guru or ex or why said that you shouldn't do this or you need to do this. I learned that I needed to listen to my body and listen to the feedback that my body gave me. And use that as a piece of the calculus when I'm adjusting volume intensity training frequency. All of these variables that are involved exercise selection. All of these things that are involved in training and adjust my training accordingly. Based on what my body is telling me what biofeedback I have and how I'm responding to the training itself. All right folks, that's all I got for you on this one. I appreciate each and every one of you. You rock. I'll see you motherfuckers on the next antibiotic Q&A. See you next week. Thank you.

=== FILE: How To Adjust PED Doses During A Offseason & A Cut, HGH For Older Guys, Best Cardio In The Offseason [130n0rE3VCQ].txt ===

Warning, this content is for entertainment and educational purposes only. What's up, Jim Bros. Big Paul here with another anabolic Q&A. This is where I answer your questions regarding training, nutrition and responsible performance enhancement while reducing harm and increasing your results. I got some great questions lying up today from the school anabolic bodybuilding members community. If you want to join the community it's 30 bucks a month. I take questions over there and answer questions. Got a great group of people. A few of the questions I have lined up today. Could NFL stars like Sake Juan Barclay dominate in the IFBB. What's the right way to tie carbs and insulin for maximum muscle growth? How would you adjust PEDs when cutting versus blocking? Is HGH safer for older lifters? Alright, before we get started, folks, I had appreciated if you could take a quick second in a like. This video and subscribe to my channel. I get a lot of people watching these videos. Not a lot of people subscribing. Also, I just want to remind you guys that I am now up on Rumble X Instagram and many other platforms give me a follow over on those if you want to keep up with what's going on. Trying to distribute my content everywhere because you just don't know what's going to happen to your channels these days. Your question I got up here is from Cory G. Cory asked the following. What do you think would happen if elite level athletes like Sake Juan Barclay, B. John Robinson chose to play Joe's bodybuilding instead of playing football. Do you think they come become elite pros? I've always loved the thought experiment with some guys I played with at the University of Miami. Would he chicken fingers and fries for records and still be jacked and shredded? I know they weren't on gear. They barely knew how to train. Coach would just tell them the lift and they would squat 600 pounds out of bed. Yeah, I thought about this extensively and I also have worked with professional athletes as well. I've worked with guys across several different sports consulted and coached and helped dudes out with nutrition and it's why I'll see the extremes of professional sports, the elite genetics and some of these dudes have your right. Like dudes just wake up and can run a 4 or 4 or 4, not ever having to train for. Now that's not to say there aren't guys that work hard. There are elite genetics and both bodybuilding and professional sports. You know, and you got to go like Ronnie Coleman who supposedly turned pro natural and from what I heard when he was a first of pro that he never really had any sort of structured diet that he was eating denies every day and going to you know, placing you know lower out the Mr. Olympia contest 15th or something and then as soon as he got his diet cleaned up and got on some gear, sort of within the contest. Same thing is true in football there are guys that are just freak athletes that can get a buy on that athletic talent alone. Now one of the things that I would consider is the genetic traits that are required to be a great bodybuilder aren't necessarily the ones that are required to be a good football player. They're they're a bit different. For example, I know with running back that having shorter legs longer torso, lower center gravity is better for balance for guys that are offensive linemen, probably being tall and having long arms having a long reach is great for an offensive tackle say the thing one of the things I love about football is there's so many variable variables involved in what makes a great athlete at each position. So for example, what makes a great left tackle would not make a great one receiver would make say great running back might not make a good defensive tackle or what makes a great quarterback which to me is mostly just mental processing and hand eye coordination the ability to process data quickly and react quickly, sort of like hitting a baseball I would say would probably be a similar skill set to be able to diagnose something quickly and be able to process it's all very different from position to position. Now with bodybuilding it's largely the same. The structure that's required to be successful in body building is pretty much the the same for whether you're a classic or open. I would say maybe open the ability to get to a certain size would be a unique factor that whereas you don't need to be as big to be in mince physique or classic physique for example. So you know if a guy's like compete in classic might not ever be able to get as big as an open guy they may not have the genetics to be a 280 pound mass monster that's required to compete in the open on the Olympia stage but largely the structural components wide shoulders narrow hips small joints things like that are the same and I would say that the genetic traits that are required to be a good bodybuilder might not be so great for professional sports. I would give you an example the small joints the wide shoulders the narrow hips probably wouldn't be so great for football you need to be sturdy to be able to play football and I would imagine a lot of guys that are professional bodybuilders might break down playing professional football not saying all of them and for the most part great professional bodybuilders especially in the open aren't very tall you don't really see many guys that have success in open bodybuilding that are over 5 foot 10 it's it's very uncommon just because of the sheer amount of size that we have to put on and whereas in football we have all varieties there are shorter guys but they play more in the skill positions you're not going to see a 5 foot 9 270 pound left tackle on the NFL that just doesn't happen the you're not going to see a 5 foot 9 quarterback because he's got to see over this tall guys on the offensive line you know while there are some similar traits I would say that for the most part those probably don't translate well and if you look at the guys that are also the freak athletes in the NFL even though they carry a lot of muscle mass they don't really have aesthetic physiques they don't have the lines they don't have the bone structure they don't have the muscle abilities that would be conducive to being a great bodybuilder so it's a very unique set of genetics that are required for being great bodybuilding that probably don't translate that well to professional sports like I doubt Derek Lundsford could go out and run a 4,5,40 it's probably not that fast would be my guess now there have been some guys that have been quick if I recall correctly I think Kevin the Rhone was a was a Sprayner or something along I wanted that and Kevin the Rhone's pretty fast I think that's what I recall there are some guys that translate or I think brand of curry play football maybe I could be wrong about that so I probably just bring it in for a cut that incorrect but that's what I recall but largely you know these guys that didn't have been bodybuilding instead of playing professional football is probably because their genetics were better suited for bodybuilding versus being professional football player in vice versa so ultimately I'd say the genetics are a bit different that's not to say there couldn't be somebody that could make the transition from one to the other but I would say that it's a very different set of genetics football either got to be big and sturdy you got to be able to be fast if you're small if you're small you got to be fast or you have to be a highly skilled hand eye coordination type of guy like to play the quarterback position or to be a kicker I don't know that those skill sets are necessarily ones that would transition to bodybuilding I would say I do think a lot of professional athletes some of the intangibles that they have due carry across the discipline, the structure, the ability to push themselves not saying all guys I know there are some lazy guys that just get by on skill set and just genetic gifts alone but I would say that's a transferable skill and I honestly I think football players and I've helped a few of them could benefit from some of the discipline and structure that bodybuilders have when it comes to nutrition and training I would think that that could take your free athletic ability and just take it up another notch if you were a professional football player I do think that would be beneficial to professional football players and there are a lot of guys that play professional football eat like trash you know I've seen you know guys living off of gummy bears and energy drinks and you should like that and still can play fast food and still can play it and in an effort level I think if they followed more of a bodybuilding style diet maybe a carps cycling diet that they could probably improve their performance on the field but ultimately it's a game of genetics and not just genetics it's the appropriate genetics the genetics that are great for bodybuilding might not be great for football the genetics that are great for football might not be great for bodybuilding all right next up I've got two insulin questions I'm going to break them up into two parts because they are kind of interconnected from different people from the school and about bodybuilding members community first question I've got up here is from Adam T Adamask I understand the basic mechanism in full and use of bodybuilding but how much does it actually enhance growth and in practice what kind of results should someone realistically expect all right just so we have some clarification for the users here let's let's talk through the mechanisms the basic mechanisms of insulin that are performance enhancing insulin isn't directly antibiotic per se it it is a hormone that increases nutrient up in transport nutrient uptake insulin some specific things that insulin does it increases glute for transport in the muscle cell increasing glycogen synthesis and amino acid uptake it specifically increases amino acid transporters on the muscle cell increasing uptake of loosening isolucine which is going to increase muscle protein synthesis long term you know these are small little things that that it does once these amino acids are inside the cell triggers inventory and thus a corresponding antibiotic response so we have increased inventory lower day MPK increased idea 1 and a long term we have a better antibiotic state for muscle growth now what we're going to see with insulin long term is just small increases of of increased muscle protein synthesis over a long term in theory we're going to have you know increased muscle protein synthesis as a result of using the insulin and it's just small tiny bits but if we think about it if we're increasing muscle protein synthesis by a few grams every time we use it or whatever I'm just using our retiree numbers that adds up over the course of the year that might be a couple of extra pounds of muscle over the course of the year not something that you can see from week to week I also have seen you know just anecdotally it does have seen to over time increase the capacity to synthesize glycogen it seems like guys have increased muscle glycogen synthesis over a period of time and you'll see it when you guys that run insulin they get this really full bubbly round appearance that just doesn't seem to happen with not insulin users and it also allows you to push the food even higher there is sort of an upper limit of what you can achieve with eating food without insulin I mean you you know when I hear a guy's eating a thousand grams of carbs I'm almost certain that there is some insulin at play there there almost has to be physiologically for us to be able to deal with that amount of carbohydrates and glucose uptake when we're talking about enhanced bodybuilding so that's that sort of what I see and you know my thought process on it now you know at a high level with this does is increase glycogen synthesis as I mentioned increases amino acid uptake in long term increases muscle proteins synthesis and that's all a little small subtle differences it's not anything radical that you're going to see a change immediately over day but this is like one of these small things that compounds over time and you know look I you know I can't put an exact number on it but let's just say if you are synthesizing an extra few grams of if there's you know stimuli in extra a couple grams of muscle protein synthesis daily that could translate into a couple pounds over the course of a year and over the course of five years that might be an extra 10 15 pounds of muscle which is pretty significant when you're on stage think about slapping 15 pounds of steak so in your body that would make a big difference and then also the increased glycogen synthesis gives you an appearance of being full and round and if you look at body builders pre insulin and GHU skies didn't have that 3D look so to speak at least I don't think most of them dead where they had this look like they look like a balloon that had too much air put into them that to me seems to be a result of the insulin use where you have increased glycogen increased water in amino acid uptake and just to have this big full round look so it really kind of is a difference in the look and overall difference I would see this look if you're not a professional bodybuilder if you don't have the gold being a professional bodybuilder that's probably limited reason to use insulin but you know over the long term it does these whole things add up and increases the amount of muscle tissue that you accumulate in change your look on stage which is ultimately what we're doing in bodybuilding. All right second part of the insulin question I have here is from Joseph A Joseph as if we take out the risk of hypoglycemia is there an optimal timing considered for eating high carb high protein meals and taking insulin with them using rapid acting. What would be the better nutrient partitioning to eat when the insulin peaks or to take it when the meal is digesting or before you administer it or when you administer it. Yeah I you know look with rapid acting insulin you know I go back I did a thing the previous week about how I think most people use insulin and correctly when it comes to performance enhancement a lot of guys talk about using a basil insulin like lantus which really is not going to have much or performance enhancing. In fact it's really just to manage glucose levels and replace back ground insulin and most of the time what guys are using something like lantus that they already have some sort of underlying existence of either pancreatic and sufficient see or they have insulin resistance that needs to be addressed so the rapid acting insulin likely for performance enhancement is a better choice now I'm not saying to run out and use it in insulin inherently dangerous so we want to talk about harm reduction you're crazy if you run insulin and you're not a professional bodybuilding you don't what you're doing so I'm not telling you to do this but this is how guys are doing it with using rapid acting insulin personally and I'm that I diabetic but I use it on my high carbohydrate days only that limits my exposure to the insulin limiting risk of insulin resistance so if we isolated it to just maybe two high carbohydrate days and my mind that limits the exposure to exogenous insulin and we know that the more exogenous insulin that use the more risk there is of insulin resistance so that's something that we have to be mindful of in long-term insulin dependency and all sorts of downstream effects negative effects from from the insulin abuse now with the meal timing the sub-diabetic statement you don't wait to take your rapid insulin something like a novel or a human log of our call correctly starts to work you know the curve on it it hits within 15 minutes it lasts for about three to five hours I think it peaks within an hour if I recall correctly I could it could be a little bit off on that you can look at the look up the format kinetics on it but it starts working within 15 minutes so typically what I will do is take it right before I eat my meal I eat my meal and if you're like I've heard of guys waiting to use it and to try to time up the peak with it and to me that's just idiotic you're going to end up going high-pull also I see a lot of guys that I'll take it with every meal and not every other meal and then they end up going high-pull because they were like well shit I took five units with my first meal I took another five minutes units with my next meal and then I ended up going high-pull I'm not sure why I used the same amount that's because there's still some of that insulin from the previous meal still present likely effectively you know a unit or two I don't you know it's just using that as a bro way of equating things but some of that insulin is still present in your system so you don't need as much so usually what I will do is use the insulin every other meal on the high day I never take it before I sleep and it's pretty stupid to take it for your last meal make sure that there's plenty of carbohydrates present when I do take it and you know so usually I will take my human log injection and then I eat my meal and then diet bettics it's meant to deal with meal time spikes in glucose when you're eating a meal so just you know I use it the way that the drug was designed to use it I'll try to get things timed up correctly and it's going to be present for up three to five hours so there's no reason to take another dose before then it's still active it's still working and typically that's how I run it. All right next question I got here is from John W. John ask hey Paul how do you adjust your PE to D-dosing especially when cutting versus walking? PE D's will change during walking versus cutting. Usually and then off season we want to be a little more careful with health because we're going to be pushing food a bit higher. Also when we're in a caloric surplus we don't typically need as many PE D's at least my opinion I if there's some other people with varying opinions on this and the off season the food should be the primary driver of growth and we take enough antibiotics to facilitate the need there and we can get away with less a lot of times what I found in the off season as far as antibiotics go. Growth hormone is opposite in my opinion growth hormone on contest prep is essentially just an expensive fat burn at that point. IDF1 levels are not going to be high when you're in a caloric deficit. Things IDF1's going to be suppressed when acidity and suppressed so there's a really net reason to run high doses of growth hormone on contest prep. I will keep the doses a little more conservative on contest prep as far as compound choices go generally in the off season what you'll see that most professional body builders are doing is running higher doses of testosterone. Moderate doses of whatever antibody that they choose to use. Some guys use oral, some don't. I would say that most older body builders that you talk to experience ones that have been doing it for a while get away from using orals in the off season just because of the side effects and how the effect blood panels including suppressed HDL and worse in LDL they also tend to cause stomach distress. I know I used to love running anodoro when I was younger. I can't do that anymore because I get horrible as it reflects and it completely smashes my appetite and if you can't eat you're not going to grow in an off season. Now that's not to say some guys don't run aros. Let's say you know probably the two most popular roles in an off season would be debore anodoro when it comes to contest prep usually we're going to tilt the scale more towards the quote unquote dryer compounds which are usually the DHT derived compounds to affect mineral in water retention we're going to we're going to lower testosterone and increase the DHT derived antibiotics and you know sometimes guys are using things like trend towards the end of a contest prep things like anovar even when straw things that are avoided on contest prep usually nanderlone any debol anything that's going to cause a massive amount of water retention because we're going to go for that hard and dry local contest prep. Whereas in the off season we really don't care about that a little more water retention in the off season actually might be a benefit for increasing leverage in protecting joints when it comes time to lift heavier weights. So that's typically what I see a lot of times you know at least for me and my own experience when I run my highest doses when I run my highest loads of our contest prep because it's one year the biggest risk of being catabolic I've heard other guys like John Jue would say the exact opposite it runs lower apologize John if I have that incorrect but I've heard of other guys don't I just have not that is not worked well for me I find when I need less antibiotics is in the off season when I'm actually eating a ton of food and I let the food do the majority of the work with promoting animalism food and train stemming less at several but typically that's what I see when it comes to compound choices in what changes for contest prep to the off season. All right next question here is from Chase see it's the good old master on question for off season. Chase says what's your take on master on as a mass builder and the off season assuming pre-mo is an option I'm thinking about running it as my primary antibiotic alongside a test base for my next growth phase I just have not found master on to be that great or a growth promoter in the off season. You know master on in primable and a sort of cousins so to speak they do have different properties where they act a bit differently. Primable and acts more like in a room of taste inhibitor master on acts more like a serum when it comes to how it affects estrogen. Master on tends to be a bit weaker of an anabolic than primable and as primable and tends to be a bit stronger as an anabolic and it totally I have noticed that the master on seems to crush HDL worse than primable and does. Master on tends to dry you out more aggressively than primable and does yet I tend to stay a bit fuller on primable and master on has a strong effect on the mineral glucocortocoid pathway. From what I recall master on has a stronger or endrogen receptor binding affinity especially in the skin which causes collagen depletion and water depletion in the skin. If you'll notice the guys that run master on year round they look like a leather pocketbook or a dried-up proof that's been sitting in the sun. They get this ashy, oily, old-looking skin. You can take a look at the guys that run master on year run and I've noticed that it tends to make me too dry my joints get creaky. Now with that said I like master on and I would say the argument would be with with with master on in an off season really and same thing with primable and neither one I'm very strong in a ballaxe but the argument would be is they just really the compelling reason to use either is that it allows you to run your testosterone higher. I would say if you look at the guys that are the biggest dudes that do it's a most successful in bodybuilding the guys that are at the top of the Olympia stage really what they have in common is they all run high doses of testosterone in the off season and high doses of growth hormone. Whatever anabolic they choose to run home the side really is based on preference what they feel best on what their health markers look the best one but ultimately it seems to be high dose testosterone and growth hormone is what most of these guys are running the biggest dudes on the planet. The guys talking about running low doses of testosterone and high doses of antibiotics in my experience they're never the guys that are big they just aren't now you can take a look you know all you have to do is just take a look at them and I but ultimately hey look here's here's what I say pick what works for you what you feel the best one what you're making the best progress for master on wouldn't be my first choice for an off season anabolic but I know plenty of people that are highly successful that run it. I have run it in the off season before it's not my preference I like primable and I like equipoys in my old days I used to run a lot of test EQ MPP and then sprinkle in some debaul that's the count of the old school method that guys used to use to get huge. Anyway ultimately boils down to preference I would say as far as anabolic effect goes to me master on is the weakest out of all the injectable antibiotics that we have in our disposal when it comes to muscle growth. I look at it as more of a contest prep drug something that gives us a cosmetic effect to me it wouldn't be my first option for an off season compound. All right next question here is from Dave. Dave says I'm 67 years old and I have trouble putting a little muscle and I won't TRT but don't want to increase my testosterone and honestly it hasn't made a big difference. I'm considering HDH should I be concerned about the cancer risk associated with HDH. I have BPH could HDH help with sleep muscle gain at my age. How does it affect blood sugar? All right so baseline when I'm looking at hormone replacements that's usually where I would personally mean I'm not saying this is what you should do Dave. Personally for me when I'm looking at hormone replacements I want to replace the things that it declines we age that are going to help give us a youthful look help us progress in the gym help us be healthy vital and growth hormone pretty much goes in the shitter much past 40. HDH and testosterone are biological hormones we know what the downstream effects are of them and how they affect the body and to me that's sort of like the starting point of hormone replacements therapy would be to use both of those. We could argue with some people that maybe a GLP1, GLP1s are made in the human body some people are deficient there as well but I would say growth hormone in HDH would be my starting point. Now with that said if you've had a past history of cancer HDH is something that I would be very cautious with. I've had a past history of cancer myself. I've rolled the dice and used HDH. Now we can look at the data on HDH HDH itself is not directly called estrogenic. It's been well studied well documented that it's not directly called estrogenic but the downstream effects of HDH and increasing IGF1 increased IGF1 has been associated with increased cancer risk more specifically with prostate and colon cancers. Now that does seem to be in combination with high estrogen, high estrogen, high IGF1 and growth hormone use it seems to be the trifecta of colon cancer and prostate cancer issues. Now I would say a lot of its genetics a lot of its genetically predetermined but it's sort of like dumping care on the fire and then you end up with a problem. So HDH isn't directly going to cause cancer but if you have an existing adnoma somewhere that you don't know about it could potentially increase the risk of that becoming you know more rapidly growing through indirectly through increased IGF1. So that's something that we need to be aware of. So these guys that are running high estrogen, they guys that are running high GH in chasing, chasing IGF1 levels as a result of running high estrogen in having HDH and play I would say are role in the dice. There is a direct correlation between high IGF1 levels when you get your blood worked on you'll see z score on your blood panels which is associated with increased risk of cancer specific cancers from having elevated systemic IGF1. So chasing high systemic IGF1 levels does carry some risk and we can question whether or not there is any potential benefit for even having them anyway for muscle growth. It seems to be more about localized IGF1 than systemic IGF1. So I would say I would be very cautious with your estrogen levels if you do decide to go that route I would carefully pay attention to your IGF1 levels and honestly if you are concerned about cancer and if you had a past history of cancer I would be very cautious in how your approach things I would speak to your homeowner placement doctor about it and see what they say and like I said if past history of cancer and you family history of cancer I would proceed with some serious caution but to me growth hormone and testosterone are the base lines for hormone replacement to kind of get you where you're at and I'm not surprised that a TRT dose is not getting you into superhuman growth I mean it's just hormone replacement therapy bodybuilders you know as we know we have to give a little more aggressive with things if we want to have muscle growth and that's also a question you're going to have to ask yourself at 67 years old at the risk as versus the reward that's a personal thing that you're going to have to ask yourself I'm not here to chest eyes even tell you what you should and shouldn't do your grown man figure that out for yourself but I would say baseline testosterone growth hormone if I as I age I'm telling you what I'm planning on doing is probably running a replacement dose of growth hormone keeping my estrogen levels in range running a replacement or slightly above replacement dose of testosterone and then I would probably sprinkle in some sort of mild and a baliclake like like primibolein or maybe maybe even even I just should all over mass around maybe even mass around would be a consideration as well I honestly find mass around to be very gentle and well tolerated low side effects I don't know how much of a benefit it provides but that would be kind of where I would would would run things I would look at whatever's the lowest risk in the best reward to risk ratio that we have to me that would be growth hormone testosterone a lower dose of primibolein that's probably what I would run as I get older in advance into retirement. Alright next question I got here is from William P. Yes hey Paul I just turned 55 and I've been training higher for three years but I've always had skinny lugs which are opinion on high rep workouts. Here's what my quad day looks like right now single leg extensions three times 12 to 15 set reps barbell back squats 12 to 15 12 to 25 reps per set leg press 20 to 40 reps per set and hack squat one set of 20 it wipes me out mentally physically am I over doing it so here's the thing as we get all there's a couple problems here and this is always a question we have to ask ourselves is we get older one we're training and it becomes more of something that we have to be aware of is the risk versus reward ratio of training and also the the stimulus versus the fatigue cost of that training in exercise you know look if you want to do barbell squats that's fine to me they're the risk versus reward ratio and my age just isn't worth it they aren't that great for growing quadrups and my experience depending on your structure I would say there would be safer less fatigue options I would say doing the super high rep sets like that are probably very taxing when your central nervous system I would probably be more in the 12 to 15 reps range using a more moderate weight rather than didn't going balls out on that I probably would would sub something else out besides barbell squats but if you want to do barbell squats that's a choice you can make just know that they come with more risk risk when it comes to axial loading and potential risk when it comes to spine knees hips things like that there can be additional problems I think there are so many good hacksquat machines and other choices now that you could do that also I noticed that you have zero adductor work in there if you want bigger legs adductors make up about a third of your total leg size I didn't see any hamstring work in there as well you also want to work in the posterior chain you know you're missing out on about half of your leg size there but not having any direct adductor or hamstring work I would definitely incorporate maybe a little less for your quads and a little more for those other areas get that in there I would lower the rep range just more into a 12 to 15 wrap range maybe even as low as 10 reps I would carefully consider your exercise choices when it comes to fatigue consider the fatigue cost of those exercises and rep ranges consider the risk to reward ratio when it comes to choosing your exercises is this putting me at risk of injury if you're not in the gym if you're hurt you can't train you're not going to grow or progress those legs if you're beat up and these hurt all the time if you're back hurts all the time you have some sort of catastrophic injury where you ought to the gym for an extended period of time you're not going to be able to grow the legs I will consider all those factors if you want man I've got a free copy of my training program it's kind of old guy improved with it also has my leg routine on it up on my website and anabolic bodybuilding.com you can go there and download it for free no charge you know but you know it's just you know a couple different training programs up there you can download for free but I would I would restructure things the way you have it right now I don't think that's the most productive way to train your legs currently all right next question I've got here it's from Joshua P. Josh my body since here on a classic tickets are available do you have any tips for our first time trip assume I want to get what this close enough to small the protein for it's you know you know first trip I would say the gold tickets are probably plenty good if you can I would rather sit closer to this center and be a little further back then be closer and be on the side you just don't get a good look at the physics on the side I will say this with the Arnold classic really the center piece of that whole thing is the expo the expo's we're all the fucking cool shit is the expo's we're the pre judging's done you'll be able to get up close it's first come first serve when it comes to seating at the expo I think if the gold tier seats to be able to I don't think silver can get into the pre judging seats but the expo's we're all the freaks here everybody's walking around there's a bunch of stuff to see that that's really where it has I would say with the bodybuilding show the gold I think I got gold tier one I'm sitting in the center and that's plenty close enough the lighting is great at the Arnold the show is really well put together well produced it's not like the Olympia where you're out there for fucking eight hours waiting for them to get through everybody they run through everybody very quickly it's very efficient lighting is great but the expo's great man I would say if you can swing it I would stay at the venue it is a pain in the asco on back and forth from the Airbnb but you know if your bodybuilder you need a food prep and do all that shit but I would say stay at the venue if you possibly can I would get the tickets early they do sell out I just bought mine the other day and there wasn't a whole lot of the gold tier ones left they were pretty much all gone already and you know where what five months out if something like that four months out from the show if you wait much longer or all the good tickets are going to be gone so I would grab now but you know be prepared for a great time it's much cheaper than the Olympia I think it's a better bang for the buck the expo is better the show itself is better it's just a very high quality well run production the only downside is it's in Columbus and in March whether isn't great and Columbus and March but other than that the show is fantastic man it's a really great venue everything is in one place just very well run very well produced expect I would get time I like the handle better than you want the upper ceiling if I were going to just go to one premiere body building show you it would be the iron of classic it's just head and shoulders above all the other shows that out there there's just nothing that even compares to it all right next question I got here is from Stephen K he says hey Paul what's your take on Greek yogurt as a secondary protein source I can't tolerate any way isolates but Greek yogurt works well for me thanks man yeah I Greek yogurt every day I mean I wouldn't make it a staple of my diet I you know but I do have it with breakfast type these roman frets through zona podcast periodically roman it's quite a bit of Greek yogurt from what I recall mixes fruit and stuff with a bit yeah roman eats Greek yogurt Greek yogurt it's great I mean you're going to get some probiotics as long as you're tolerated dairy well I don't think there's a lot of lactose in Greek yogurt from what I recall it's very low lactose so Greek yogurt tolerated well it's a good option I do what I do personally and the morning I have I get a faia Greek yogurt I think there's about 17 and 18 grams of protein in that I will have that with some egg whites or egg beaters I use those and I'll have a little bit of smoked salmon in the morning and I get my roughly 60 grams of protein from those combined sources what I use from my breakfast in the morning works really well here lately I've been doing sourdough toast and I think a lot of guys a lot of bodybuilders end up deficient on calcium and calcium is important for also contractions you know calcium channel so we do need some calcium and a lot of guys are calcium deficient so calcium with vitamin D and K2 to make sure it's absorbed properly but yeah I like to get a little bit of Greek yogurt into my diet every single day alright Chris G ask what are the best options in cardio options for someone prioritizing leg growth no cardio I joke I joke I joke I joke I do a joke I depends on your age man I used to do the stair climber I liked the stair climber a lot when I was younger I used to cycle a lot but my knees are pretty fucking beat up now I can't really effectively do the stair climber any more or without my knees starting to hurt so I would say look lit your knees dictate which you can get away with I certainly wouldn't be out running marathon I don't think that's going to be conducive to growing your legs but I know a lot of guys really like the stair climber I would switch my cardio and I talked about this in the last Q&A I in the off season I like doing hit cardio and this is something I picked up from my coach Justin Harris hit cardio is efficient it's fast it's quick get your pulse up so you can get the cardio of the abscaler but benefits from it I would do something like 40 seconds slow in the 22nd sprint you could do that on the cycle or you can do that on the stepper the stepper if you are in good health with your knees you can get a hull of the leg pump from getting on the stepper I've noticed that cycling too shit man I used to cycle a lot I really got into cycling for a while and used to do distance cycling in some hill climbs on on the cycle man your legs are blasted and if you look at cyclists man they all have huge quads all of them do get these tiny little upper bodies in these giant quads it it's goofy as fuck yeah I would say to me cycling or stair climbing some sort of interval training in the off season I'd stay away from running running it's not great for leg size you know little light walking fine here and there if you want to do that but I would say those two some sort of interval hit style of training limiting your exposure and getting your pulse up high enough to get a cardio vascular benefit from it and and run those you know maybe like four days a week something like that all right folks that's all I got for you on this one hopefully you enjoyed this episode I appreciate each and every one of you thank you all for your support means a lot to me I love all you even the haters the haters need a hug too I'll see you guys on the next episode take care

=== FILE: How to Construct a Bodybuilding Diet - Anabolic Bodybuilding [12ihzqqrzSg].txt ===

So I'm assuming you've watched my calculating your BMR video. So I'm going to go into a little bit of just high-level detail of how to build a body-building diet. Keep in mind, this was just a real basic diet. Just an example of how you build out your own diet to achieve your own goals. You don't necessarily need a coach to put a diet together. A coach is going to be good to hold you accountable. I personally use a coach just because when you're in a contest prep, you just don't think straight. A lot of times you don't think straight or objectively about yourself. It's very difficult to be objective about yourself. A coach is helpful in that aspect. But some people are disciplined enough to be objective about themselves and can do it on their own. When you're on this, it's just kind of a basic high-level view of how to build your own body-building diet. Let's take a look further. I've already did a video on this, but I'm just going to give you a high-level look and establishing your metabolic rate. I have a formula that I use, or other formulas out there, where I calculate your base metabolic rate on a formula that considers your body fat percentage, your lean body mass, your body weight, and your activity level to come up with a, to come up with a base metabolic rate. This is an example of where I'm at right now. Let's just say I'm somewhere around 250 pounds. I really have no idea what my body fat is. I'm just going to guess somewhere in the 10 to 12 percent range after coming rebounding from the show. This gives me a base metabolic rate without activity of 2640 calories per day. I can tell you if I eat 2640 calories a day, I'd be losing shit tons of weight. Obviously there's more calories burned somewhere else, which is in the activity. I use a formula for that, which is the lean body mass by an activity intensity factor times the hours of activity per day that I am engaged in. This gives me a total metabolic rate of 367, which is pretty close to what my break even is. I can tell you, if I get below 3,200, I start losing weight. It's just the way it is with me. It may even be a little bit higher. It may be around 3500 as start losing weight. Watch the full how to calculate your BMR video if you want all the details on it. Once we have that established, we can start building our diet. First things first, we need to, after we do that, we need to calculate our macros. Protein studies have shown that really all you need to recover from working out is 0.8.75 grams of protein per pound of body weight. Bodybuilders have this obsession with eating too much protein. If you're going to gain 20 pounds of muscle a year, you're only synthesizing about 25 grams of protein per day. You don't need to eat 400 grams of protein. It's more important to have consistent protein throughout the day. So studies have shown that 0.75 grams of protein per pound of body weight is ample to fuel to recover from workouts. Let's just say that you're enhanced. You're training super hard and we want to be safe. There is more protein metabolism when you're enhanced. We can take that up to 1 to 1 and a quarter grams of protein. Remember protein is used primarily as for tissue repair. We want to build our diet so that the protein is prioritized for tissue repair. And secondly, it can be used as fuel through a process called gluconeogenesis. If you're carbs and fats are low enough, your body will start prioritizing protein for fuel and converting that into blood sugar. Your fats, you know, somewhere between 0 to 0.3 pounds per body weight, you do need some fats in your diet to be used in various chemical processes such as absorption of fats, loable proteins, manufacturing of hormones, et cetera. And your body will burn fats, I can barely as fuel as well. You don't need as much fat as you think and your fats should come from essential fatty acids. You know, you need really just minimal amounts of fats. Americans vastly overeat fats. We eat way too many fats. It's part of it is just fats taste good. There's this recent obsession with keto diets. But somehow people think fats are healthier than carbs which is not true. They're just a tool and you're tool about. And so really, you know, you can get a short period of time for a day or two. You can get away with almost zero fat. But you want somewhere in the 0.3 grams per pound, a body weight, in essential fats to maintain health. Carbs typically whatever calories are left over after you calculate out those macros. You put it into the carb column. Carbs are only used as fuel. There are no essential carbs. Your body has to have protein. There are essential amino acids. You will eventually die if you don't eat. Your body will just eat itself. Same thing with fats. You'll eventually die if you can say your body can't absorb the nutrients it needs and complete chemical processes and manufacture hormones. So you will eventually die if you do not eat fats. You will not die if you don't eat carbs. Keep this in mind. Carbs are the body's preferred fuel source for weight lifting. So if you want to optimize and this is what we're doing here. This diet is to optimize performance in bodybuilding or strength training. And fats are the preferred fuel source for strength training. So we carbs. We went carbs. Carbs are the preferred fuel source. Keep that in mind. So an example of base diet we established for me. My base metabolic rate is 137. My weight is 250 pounds. This works out to be if I'm consuming one hundred one point two five grams of protein and propound a body weight three hundred and thirteen grams of protein per day. If I'm going to eat six meals a day, we'll just break it down into nice even numbers and say I need fifteen grams of protein per meal. Okay. Fat. I'm going with point two. So that's 50 grams of fat per day. I don't count the fats in my nutritionist doesn't count the fats that we get out of lean meats. If you're going to eat fatty or meats you should. In your carbs, there shouldn't have any fats in them. So we're going to go with 50 grams of added fats of essential fatty acids. Okay. Sorry, I didn't see. Excuse me. Right. So in the like I said, whatever is left over we go to carbs. That leaves us 450 grams of carbs. Now keep in mind, fat is 9 calories per gram. Protein and carbs are 4 calories per gram. So fat is packed a lot of punch in the diet. Adjusting the diet for goal. Okay. So once we, that's just the break even point. Okay. You know, that's the diet that we need for us for me not to gain or lose weight just to stay in neutral. Which is usually not what you want to do in bodybuilding. You're in bodybuilding. You're either in muscle gain mode or fat loss mode. Okay. So if you're in fat loss mode, you're going to need to create a deficit. So thermodynamics rule here, you know, calories and calories out. We have to create a caloric deficit to burn and lose fat. Now, this can be done in multiple ways. We can just cut calories from the diet that's the most direct way to do it. You can also do more exercise. You can do cardio. You can do you take things that raise your metabolism such as fat burners. You can use hormones to enhance your metabolism. Increase your, your non exercise. Our non exercise activity thermogenesis, you know, so just moving around the house, not, you know, walking the work, like that. And keep in mind the 3500 calories is one pound of fat. So you have to burn 3500 calories from somewhere to lose one pound of fat. So this would give us if we wanted to go over losing one pound of fat per week, we need a 500 calorie deficit. Typically, I would start with a 10 to 15% reduction in calories. So let's say to start off with a diet, we want to throw our fat loss diet for me. We will make a roughly a 300 calorie cut. And then make up, you don't say if I wanted to lose a pound of fat per week, we would make up the rest of it from, you know, cardio or fat burners is something like that. If I'm looking for hypertrophy, weight gain, unfortunately, there's this, you know, people think there's this, you can gain, boom, coups of muscle by being isocloric. It just doesn't work that way. Maybe I would have put a little bit on if you're using drugs, but not much. If you want to optimize and this is what this, this would bodybuilding is about, is optimizing performance, you're going to have to be in a caloric surplus to gain muscle. Now you want to walk the line of gaining too much fat and gaining muscle. You are going to gain some fat if you're going to gain muscle. That is just the tradeoff that you have, but you want to minimize that, the amount of fat that you do gain when you're gaining muscle. Same thing in this direction too. Start with small increases. So probably a 10% increase if you're looking to gain muscle. So maybe 300 calories, you know, and see where that, see how that works out. Usually we add calories in the form of carbs, typically carbs, and what we push up. If you want to maintain, we just leave the calories in neutral. But I, for bodybuilding and lessure or on crews, or just taking a break for a little while, I don't see any point in being icicloric that much. You're either in fact gain motor fat loss mode. Maybe if you're taking a break for a few weeks and letting your body heal up, you want to be icicloric. But to me, people keep, we will wobble and then go on back and forth between both. You know, there is a time to cut fat. There is a time to put on size. And I, you know, commit to one or commit to the other. Don't don't waffle back and forth. You're going to get better results. Like I said, this is about optimization. Playing with your macros. Now here's the thing you can do. If you want to optimize body composition, you can manipulate your macros to do so. Okay, you can consume the same amount of calories. And you can adjust your carbs, fats, protein. Protein usually stays static. But, you know, so for example, with carbs, I think, which is what I do on the high carb day, we pull protein down because carbohydrates, high carbohydrate state where your high insulin levels, you are. That is a muscle protective state. So, you know, you don't need a ton of protein. You can cut the protein back and put more calories into carbohydrates. If you really want to optimize fat burning, you can cut carbs pretty low. You can go low carb. You know, you can go down to zero carb if you really want to optimize fat burning. If you're in a fat burning state, not optimal for muscle gain, but optimal for fat burning. That's why you have to choose which state you want to be in. You know, with the carbs cycling diet, which is what I'm using currently, you're rotating the carbs up and down and adjusting calories that way as well. For a high-perrophy, you do have to meet the minimum protein requirements. You don't want to go below that 0.75.8 grams per pound of body weight. Probably 0.1 or 1.1 grams is ideal. Other macros can be adjusted played with to optimize body composition. So your food choices proteins for body builders. I hate to break it to you. Vigins and vegetarians, you just, you can, I don't, I'm going to be careful here because I know people get pissy about this, but you can do body building if you are a vegan or vegetarian, but it is not optimal. This is about optimization. The optimal protein for building muscle is animal protein. Animal protein is the only protein source that has all the amino acids in a complete chain. Necessary for building muscle with a vegetarian diet, you have to mix and match protein sources. We also want to keep these protein sources low in fat. So you don't want to be eaten rib eyes all day long. You're going to have so much fat in your diet than the majority of your calories are going to come from fat. Remember, fat is 9 calories per gram and it doesn't take much fat to eat up all your calories. If I recall correctly, I think a tablespoon of fucking peanut butter has something like 12 grams of fat in it and that's like a cup of rice almost. It's like a cup of rice is way more filling than a tablespoon of peanut butter. Fat are the fats that we want to eat. Sorry, going back to the protein. So if fat proteins would be 96% lean ground beef, I use that. It's hard to find. Whatever reason, if I can warm our hands in a ball place, and it's actually pretty good. Chicken breasts, you want the chicken breast without the rib meat if you can. If they have the rib meat on it, just cut it off, fill it yourself. White fish, egg whites. I have pretty much stay away from pork process meats. You don't want garbage process meats. It's also just bullshit like that. Protein powders you can use sparingly. The problem with protein powders is way protein is in and out of your system so quickly. That it's, you know, you'd have to eat it every hour to maintain positive nitrogen balance. It also fluctuates stomach up. I just like, even if you get like the pure way isolate, it's, I can only tolerate limited amounts of it. And there otherwise I'm farting and shit in my pants. Real protein just, for me, my body tolerates chicken breasts, cod and lean ground beef the best. That's pretty much all I eat. Fat, you want your fats not to be the saturated variety. Keep those. You're going to get enough of that from your, you need very minimal. Mount the saturated fats and you're going to get what you need from the meats that you eat. So your added fats should be from EFA's only nuts, nut butter, nut oils, olive oil, avocado, special oil. Things like that that your body needs for a central process is going to keep you healthy. Also, I'll help with your lipids. Keep your lipids in check. Carbs for fat loss in for masking or two different things for fat loss. You know, my car, I'm so much as I want stuff that's going to keep me feeling full. Okay, because if you feel full, you're less likely to cheat and fuck up when you're diet. So things like brown rice, whole grain rice, oats, potatoes are pretty filling. Sometimes, you know, I can use those in both ends, whether I'm, you know, things that are more filling are better on one fat loss. hypertrophy, you're going to be trying to jam down a shit ton of food. I like white rice. I don't use pasta, gluten, fucks me up, but if you can tolerate pasta fine, you can have some of that fruits, fruit juices, potatoes, potatoes are pretty filling there too. But most of my carbs, if I'm trying to optimize digestion and put size on, I use white rice, cream or rice, that's pretty much it for me. Vegetables, stick with fiber, it's vegetables, not, not, not starchy vegetables. For hypertrophy, you may want to cut the vegetables down or just cut them out completely. You might not be able to get down all the food you need to get down. Remember, this is not about health. I know that people are going to scream out of me, well, that's not healthy not to eat vegetables. Yeah, I know. I know, there's nothing really potty building that's that fucking healthy. It's healthy and then sitting on your ass and drinking beer and smoking cigarettes and you eat pizza all day long, but we're talking about sport performance, not optimizing longevity. If we were optimizing longevity, we wouldn't be eating 500 grams of carbs every day in six meals and we'd probably would be eating a very low calorie diet. I, hypertrophy, I stick with the things that make digestion easiest. If I'm burping, farting, getting a heartburn, you know, get diarrhea, get conspaded, whatever. I know something's fucked up with my diet and I need to change things up. I found just the basics sticking with easy to digest, white rice, chicken breast, cod. I eat at the beyond. I'll be very honest with you when I am in a hypertrophy phase. I eat very little vegetables because they fuck my digestion up and make my stomach upset. Especially if I'm trying to jam down six meals of crap ton of rice, it just slows the digestion out and makes me feel miserable. I'll use a greens powder, something like that so I get what I need, but I don't eat a lot of vegetables when I'm in a hypertrophy phase. When I'm dieting, I eat tons of vegetables. I do eat some fruits. I like fruit when I'm in a hypertrophy phase. I don't need a ton of it, but I'll have apples or just grapes, things like that. Okay, thank you for watching. I'm going to do more of these videos. If you have anything you want me to make, let me know. I'm happy to record whatever you want. Please like and subscribe. I get to see a ton of people watching my channel, but they're not subscribing. YouTube loves it when you subscribe. If you don't subscribe, it doesn't help me out if you want to help me. You want me to make more videos, please help me out. And also follow me on Instagram for more information. My Instagram handle is Paul K. Barnett. Thank you.

=== FILE: I Can't Lose Weight in a Caloric Deficit - Anabolic Bodybuilding [j-bnu9jtN_s].txt ===

I'm going to call or do I have a set in I cannot lose weights if I had a nickel for every time I've heard this rap of bullshit. Okay. The odds of you having some sort of metabolic disorder or thermogenic abnormality and thermogenesis to the point where you can't lose weight from being in a caloric deficit is almost the same as winning the lottery. It's not to say there are people out there. We've all seen them, you know, the my 600 pound life or whatever that show is those people clearly have something genetically going on that makes them that size. Okay. It's like being 7 foot tall. It's an abnormality. It's uncommon. It's rare. 99.9% of people can lose weights. And I'll give you an example here's an example. If you couldn't lose weight in a caloric deficit, gastric bypass surgery wouldn't work. Because you know why gastric bypass surgery works. It doesn't change your metabolism, doesn't make your thyroid work better. And it does. What it does is artificially restrict your ability to eat food which puts you in a caloric deficit and makes you lose weight. It's that simple. All it does is what your will power couldn't do before. It restricts your ability to consume food and you lose weight as a result. Study after study. Let's take a look at the study after study has been done on this. And I have an example here from the New England Journal of Medicine. Here they took 224 of these patients and had them report on their activity levels and had them report on their caloric intake. Guess what the results of the study were? The average person in the study, average, underreported, they're at their caloric level by almost 50%. Almost 50% holy crap. So you're eating that much more than what you think you're eating. On top of it, they underreported or overreported their activity levels by 75% on average. They think they're working out 75% harder than what they are. They think they're eating 50% less of what they are. So that is unbelievable. That's why you're not losing weight. The conclusion of the study was that the failure of a B subjects to lose weight while eating a diet they report as in a caloric deficit was not due to a thermogenic defect. It was due to underreporting caloric, underreporting caloric intake and overreporting their activity levels. That simple. They were eating more than what they were burning. That simple. So let's unpack this a little bit. I do have some sympathy here. I don't want to set on sympathetic. I have struggled with weight in my life. I've been a beast off in a one of points and I get it. I like to eat food. I have a food addiction sometimes and something I struggle with from here and there is eating like shit and making myself fat. I think what happens when a lot of people diet or they try to do a diet. They want one. They aren't measuring food. It's that simple. When you start measuring things and amazing thing happens, you make progress. If you're just guessing what you're eating, you are going to underreport what you eat every time. What people think is a tablespoon of peanut butter. It's not what a tablespoon of peanut butter looks like. So they end up having three times as many calories as they think they're having. There's also I'll have a bite here. I'll have a bite there. You're eating your salad with chicken and your kid has french fries and a hamburger and you grab a few bite of those french fries. You do that at every meal. You end up eating five 600 calories more in a day than what you think. And 500 calories a day is 3500 calories in a week. That's a pound of fat. It doesn't take much a tablespoon of peanut butter. It thinks like 180 calories. Something like that. That's half a pound of fat in a week. It doesn't take much to make a difference. It's the taking a bite of food here and they're not weighing and measuring thing. Another thing is most activity trackers. God loves Fitbit. I think that it has motivated some people to work out. But I will tell you the calories burn on those activity trackers for the most part is just absolute bullshit. The math does not add up. If you were really burning a thousand calories in a workout, you'd be losing a crazy amount of weight. You're not burning that many. I probably should. You have to work out. Fucking crazy hard to burn that many calories. So I have zero faith in what those activity trackers or machines say that you're burning calories. Just don't even think about that. The scale in the mirror are your judge if you're actually burning calories. Anyway, hopefully this is helpful. My advice is weigh and measure everything that you eat. Stick to a diet plan. Track your weight every day. Don't snack. I promise you you can lose weight. 99.9% of people can lose weight if they apply those principles. If you have questions feel free to reach out to me. I'm happy to ask. I've struggled with my weight. So I am sympathetic to that. I'll also, if you have videos that you want me to make, open suggestions for those as well. And please like and subscribe. Like the video, subscribe to my channel. I'd really appreciate it. Anyway, have a great day.

=== FILE: Is Calories in ⧸ Calories out (CICO) a myth or scientific fact？ - Anabolic Bodybuilding [tgjSElEqMzQ].txt ===

calories in calories out one of the most heated topics in fitness social media. People love to argue about this one and there's so much bullshit. Hopefully we can settle this argument today. So first of all, it's calories in calories out a scientific fact. Fuck yes. The simple answer is yes. I don't know why this is still an argument. CO, CO in fat loss, fat gain are subject to the first law of thermodynamics. It is an immutable fact of science. I love this quote, but Neil deGrasse Tyson. He said, the good thing about science is that it's true whether or not you believe in it. And that's the case here. There's all kinds of bullshit, dig, guru, charlatans out there that say calories in calories out is not a fact. It's because they just want to sell your bullshit. They want to sell you. They're special, unique way of dieting. You can't get around it. You have to eat less than you burn if you want to burn fat. It's just scientific fact. So to understand it, let's take a little one back to physics class here. It's been a long time since I took physics, but I did take in collagen in high school and I really enjoyed it. So the first law of thermodynamics, it is a basic fundamental law of physics. It's the law of conservation of energy. We can neither be created nor destroyed, only transferred. Keep that in your head. Energy cannot be created nor destroyed. It can only be transferred. So think of this example of a car burning gasoline. The gas is burned, which fires the engine. The engine turns the crank, the turns the wheels. So the energy is transferred from the gas through the process of burning it to the wheel, which moves the car forward. Energy is neither created nor destroyed in this process, only transferred. The body works the same way. The body is a closed thermodynamic system subject to the first rule of thermodynamics. Can't change that. No matter how much you want to. You can want that to not be true. You can think this new diet that says eating certain foods or whatever allows you to violate laws of thermodynamics, it's bullshit. It should immediately discredit the person who's saying that bullshit. If you could disprove the first law of thermodynamics, you'd want to know the price. You demonstrate the ability to create energy from nothing and solve the world's energy crisis. You would be a hero to all humanity. No one's done it yet. And believe me scientists are constantly trying to do it. Hasn't been done. You'd be the first. So the body, let's think about the body's closed energy system so you can get a better grasp of why this is a fact. The calories are burned to fuel the body just like the gasoline fuels the car. The metabolism fluctuates just like a car consuming gas. When you pull that car off the lot and it has that sticker on the side, it says 38 miles per gallon. Think of that as your metabolism. Does that car get 38 miles per gallon all the time? No. If you were pulling, you had a car full of people and a trunk full of suitcase is you're going to get worse gas mileage because you're putting more load on the car. Bigger cars, trucks, they require more gas and get less gas mileage just like the body would burn more calories. Okay, if you had a bigger body, a car sitting idle at the stop light or in park doesn't burn that much gas. Just like if you're laying your fat ass on the couch, you're not burning many calories. Access energy is stored in the fuel tank just like your body stores access energy and glycogen stores, fat, etc. For use later on, okay, it's the same thing as the car essentially. So there's no magic diet for fat loss. Certainly macro composition will make a difference in your body composition. People lose weight because they cut calories. It doesn't matter what diet you're on. Keto vegetarian, low fat, etc. I love when people go on these keto diets and they say, oh my gosh, it was so easy and also a whole bunch of weight. They're like, as they're some magic to going keto, there's no, you've, what you've done is removed an entire macro nutrient from your diet. You're not eating carbs anymore. So you're eating less calories. Same thing with people go vegetarian or vegan. You've removed an entire macro nutrient group. You're not eating protein anymore. So of course you're going to lose weight. It doesn't, you're just removing calories. It's that simple. As I mentioned, there are diets that make for better body composition. Losing, you know, think about, if you were trying to train for a bodybuilding show, technically you can lose weight. If you're in a deficit in your eight, Snickers bars all day long, you're going to lose weight. You might look like a pile of mashed potatoes at the end, but you're definitely going to lose weight. You know, versus eating a bodybuilding diet that's higher in protein, where you're going to have a better body composition and retain muscle mass. So understanding your metabolism, you know, your metabolism is, we alluded to earlier with a car example, isn't static. People like to have a calculated number. Oh, my metabolism is 2500 calories per day. That's just an estimate. Okay. Your metabolism fluctuates from day to day depending on a multitude of factors. It's going to lower and go and raise depending on these factors. And you know, your basement metabolism is how much you're doing, you know, how much you're burning by doing nothing. Exercise is going to have an effect on your metabolism. The more you exercise, the more calories you burn, meet non exercise activity, thermogenesis, just sitting around doing nothing. You know, that's essentially the, or not, not, sorry, not sitting around doing nothing. This is the activity around the house, so you're cleaning your house, you know, walking up and down the stairs, taking your dog outside to go to the bathroom, cooking dinner, all of these things burn calories. Okay. They burn calories on top of your basement metabolism. The thermic effect of food, certain foods protein, it takes calories to burn that, to process that food. Hormom manipulation, you know, by manipulating your hormones, bodybuilders, and all about that, you can raise your, or even lower your metabolism. Thermogenic drugs, fat burners, caffeine, things like this are going to raise your metabolism cause you to burn more calories. Muscle mass, the more muscle you have, the more calories you burn at rest. Thatabolic down or up regulations, your, your body is a very adaptive machine and I think this is where people get confused with the calories and calories out, stuff, stuff saying it's not true. Horm metabolism adjust to what your, your, your eating. And if you're, if you're starving yourself, your metabolism is going to down regulate and you're going to burn less calories over a period of time. Something when you get yourself adjusted to eating more food to a certain point, your, your metabolism will raise, you know, it's not dramatic. How calories are stored in the, in the human body, excess calories are stored as glycogen. This is carbohydrates, store carbohydrates in the liver or the muscle tissue, stored fat. You know, we all know about that and muscle tissue, muscle tissue is, is calories well. So burning fat or burning calories, you must burn more calories than you consume calories and calories out. It is that simple. Remember, the first law of thermodynamics, your body can burn calories from glycogen, stored fat, muscle tissue. It doesn't always burn it from stored fat. In fact, it doesn't like to burn fat first. Think of fat as your emergency store, your, your savings account. Muscle can also be burned through a process called gluconeogenesis. Muscle is unnecessary if you're, if you were out on the Savannah, you know, 20,000 years ago and you know, you're starving your body doesn't need that muscle tissue to survive. Okay. It'll, it'll, it'll burn muscle tissue for calories as well for blood, for blood sugar, turning it into blood sugar. You have to trick your body into retaining muscle when you die at body builders and all about this through weight training, eating, eating high protein diets, things such as that. Glacogen is usually the first calories that your body, excess calories that your body burn. It's easy, easily accessible fuel. Anyone who's done a contest prep knows what it feels like to be glycogen depleted, you get flat, you feel like shit, you know, this is, this is part of the process. They say you have to get flat to burn fat. Macros do matter. We, you know, we've said this before, you know, how you structure your matters, do make a difference in body composition. But at the end of the day, it is a calorie deficit that burns excess calories. Fat burning mass. So let's look at some math and regards to fat burning. There's roughly 3500 calories in a pound of fat to lose one pound of fat per week. That means you need to be at a 500 calorie per day deficit. You know, we're making a assumption that you're burning primarily fat here, which isn't always the case as we establish. You can burn that through calorie reduction, through increased exercise, fat burners, et cetera. In a manipulation of your hormones, increasing meat, I, I thought this was fascinating. I, I don't know how true this is, but I read a thing about standing desk that just having a standing desk alone if you're, if you're an office worker, if you stand for the eight hours versus sitting, that's an extra 100 to 200 calories depending on your body size that you burn per day. You know, it doesn't sound like a lot, but over the course of a 16 week diet if you're bodybuilding that adds up. Anyway, what we'll get more into this, I'm going to record more videos and going into how to manipulate your macros to, to make, you know, have retain muscle and to have a better body composition as you lose weight. You don't want to be skinny fat, I see a lot of people lose a ton of weight from crash diets, keto comes to mind and they, they lose all this weight, but they, they're still, they're just, they lose muscle, they lose muscle glycogen and they just look skinny fat. We don't want to be skinny fat, so we'll talk, we'll talk about that. Please like and subscribe, that helps me out. Feel free to ask questions in the in the comment section. If there any other videos that you would like me to record, please let me know and follow me on Instagram at Paul K Barnett. Thank you.

=== FILE: Letrozole (Femera) Profile for Bodybuilding - Anabolic Bodybuilding [yskcDd2tAoE].txt ===

Okay, we're going to take a look at another room of taste and heavener. This one, uh, letters off, uh, the mara. I had pretty much everybody in bodybuilding closet, let her out where letters all, um, and how it's used in bodybuilding. Uh, before I dig into it and talk about it, uh, please take the time to, uh, like the video, subscribe to my channel. I get a lot of people watching videos, not a lot of people subscribing. I really appreciate if you subscribe, it helps me out. I'll keep cranking out videos if you, if you do. Um, anyway, let's, let's dig into it. Um, so letters all, technically, uh, is very similar to an astrasal, but I can tell you in practicality. They are very different. Um, letters all is like the nuclear bomb of, uh, of aromatates and inhibitors. It, well, it's effective. It gets the job done, uh, but man, it is rough. Um, so it, it is a oral anti estrogen job, a third generation oral aromatize inhibitor, just like an astrasal. Um, I also want to point out, and I have in the other videos about, uh, a eyes, the difference between an AI and a certain, every broke, it says mixed up. Uh, aromatates inhibitor does exactly that inhibits aromatates, uh, with the conversion of, which causes the conversion of testosterone to estrogen. Um, a sermons and selective estrogen receptor modulator, which binds up the estrogen receptor, um, more specifically in the breast tissue to, uh, keep, uh, estrogen from affecting it, but it leaves estrogen free to work on other tissue, uh, such as liver, so you don't get your, um, cholesterol, or your, your, uh, lipids are crushed. Um, it was developed as a breast cancer treatment around the same time as the National Health came out after it's a newer drug. Uh, this is bananas to me, uh, study showing that a point one milligram per day dose reduces estrogen by 80 percent holy crap. I mean, it goes into a two and a half milligrams pill. Um, I can tell you, just one, two and a half milligrams pill is enough to just completely blow your estrogen away. Um, it's, it's crazy powerful. Uh, it was approved for human use in 1997 as an adjunct therapy for breast cancer. Uh, I will tell you, um, it's, um, you know, when you look at the studies, which just splits fastening to me, it's way more powerful than, um, a National's all, but I'm, when I was looking at the studies about, uh, effectiveness in fighting breast cancer, it really was no different with the results for another different than, um, a National's all, which is, which is interesting, uh, even though it's more powerful. Um, effective, let's relax a lot. It, it, it let's resolve it blocks the romantase enzyme reduces estrogen stimulated breast tissue growth. Um, using conjunction with top to moxphen, just like an asthazal studies were shown that it calls regression and breast growth. I will tell you that in bodybuilding purposes, um, it is really the only anti estrogen I have seen that is so semi-effective at reversing early stage gyna comasia. It, it, it, I have a much luck with it with the nashazal but electrosal will do the nitric, um, side effects of electrosal and there are a lot. This, this is, this is the shitty side of its sounds. Like it might be a better anti estrogen until you get to the side effects. Hot flashes, night sweats, loss of appetite, constipation, joint pain, weakness, fatigue, decreased bone mineral density, which over a long term can lead to osteoporosis, nausea, and worsen lipids. It will crush your lipids. It makes your lipids horrible. Um, at least semi-expansion has been in the joint pain with electrosal is horrific. Um, bodybuilding uses for electrosal use to combat high estrogen levels. Um, best with use with steroids that heavily aromatize test, et cetera. Um, you know, keep in mind, it's only going to work against, uh, steroids that aromatize. Or shrink gyno as I mentioned earlier. It is the most effective, uh, anti-estrogen, I've seen for shrinking gyno. You got to use it with tomoxophone though. Uh, um, combat estrogen related bloating when you're, you know, it's in a contest prep at a really hard new up. Um, half life of electrosal, I have seen studies or information that say anywhere for 42 hours through as much as four days. Um, it does seem like it has in my anecdotal experience. It seems like it does have a longer half life than an ashes all seems like it's a season system longer. I do since, uh, um, and if you're just trying out, I would, you know, I would start off with the one and a quarter, middle of games every other day. That's probably going to be more than enough to crush any estrogen you have even on a gramatost. You know, maybe not, but uh, intermediate would be two and a half. Well, it gives every other day in a 2.5 milligrams every day. The only situation where I can, where I can consciously think that it would be, you know, would be, you know, reasonable to take that high of a dose would be is if you had a growth in your chest that you needed to reverse got to come ass if or maybe the last week or two from for contest if you really needed to harden up. Premium all pretty menopausal women should just avoid it outright. My experience, um, as I've mentioned before, my estrogen always runs high. Um, I have had to use lecturers all if you times to clean up some gyna and my chest or in, you know, I tried running it long term one time and it just fucked me up. God, I feel awful. Joints here. Just with farjig, just brain phone, I feel way better with the nashes or in X or X of Mustang. I just don't like it. You know, for contest prep at the end, it's fantastic for hardening you up. It really is, but that's about the only time I would use it or if I had a gyna flare up. It really negatively affects my cholesterol to the side effects are just nasty overall. I get really bad constipation, night sweats, um, you know, just makes my joys hurt. It's, it's not good. I know, I don't, don't run. Remotains inhibitors in the offseason if you don't need one, especially not lecturers all. I mean, you're going to fuck your cholesterol all up. You're going to end up, you know, over the long term, not a short term thing, but if you are taking it constantly over years, in years and years, you're going to end up, you know, having plaque build up in your arteries and potentially have a hard attack or stroke. My, I tried to have milligrams per day and when I, you know, in the contest prep and then when I got my blood worked on my, my lifestyle was like one or two, it was crazy. It was like not existed. You know, once again, I just want to remind everybody, aromotains inhibitors do not work with not aromotizing, um, steroids. They just don't work, you know, so, and it draw, um, it doesn't aromotize, but it does attach to the estrogen receptor through, through some indirect method and could cause guy to come ask you. It's not going to help you. There's no, there's no, I think the blocks and see a, there is no aromotization. Same thing with trend, uh, you know, Trankin calls Guyno with pro-lactin, majestic effect. It's not going to help you there either. Thank you for watching my video. Please feel, please like and subscribe as I mentioned before. Feel free to ask questions in the comment section. I'm happy to answer any questions that you have. The 30 videos you want me to make, I'd be more than open to suggestions for more videos. And follow me on Instagram at Paul G. Barnnet. Thank you.

=== FILE: MENT - Trestolone - Steroid Profile - Anabolic Bodybuilding [yIflDrjBmHE].txt ===

Mint, trust along 17A, methyl 19, nor testosterone. This was a special request to somebody on the comment section of one of my other videos. I think it was an antrolone one asked for me to make a video about Mint. I'll be honest with you. I wasn't going to make one because I've never personally used it. I know about it. I've read about it. I know of people that have used it. I haven't. It'll for various reasons. I will get into it. But for me personally, the benefits don't outweigh the side effects. So I've stayed away from it. But we'll take a look at it and we'll talk about it and I'll give you my two cents on it. Why I personally haven't used it and where I think it might be applicable. But we'll look at the actual science of it first. So Mint, trust along. Let's dig in. Properties of Tress along. It is a 19-door testosterone, anabolic steroid. It's a nanderlone derivative. It's very, very similar to nanderlone as the bros call it. It's a n-p-p. It is really the only thing that's different from nanderlone is the modification at the methyl group C7A. It's a little bit different than what this does make it orally available. It's a little bit different than the other oral steroids where it's modified at. This also, this modification also gives it an extremely stronger anabolic and anantrogenic reaction in the body or action in the body. It was originally tested and researched for male birth control and antigen replacement therapy. Never made it past clinical trials or it was never marketed or used clinically in human humans. So never made it past the testing phase. There's your reasons for that. We'll get into it. It is a strong anabolic and anantrogenic, holy fucking shit balls. Anantrogenic rating of 650 s compared to test and an anabolic rating of 2300 s compared to test. We know these ratings are always true in application. This is on paper. It does some other really cool stuff too. It does not bind with s-h-b-g-s-x hormone binding globule. So, s-h-b-g has no effect on it which will also increase the potency of this steroid, which is really fucking cool. It also does not convert to the more anantrogenic DHT via the 5-8-R enzyme. Keep this in mind. 5-A-R inhibitors, per p-sha, phenostaride, whatever, won't work. They don't block the conversion to DHT since it doesn't convert. So if there are anantrogenic sides, you can't block them. It binds strongly with the progestin receptor like trend. It also can convert to methyl estro-diol like deba through aromatase. methyl estro-diol is fucking nasty. It is estrogen-on steroids. So if you have problems with estrogenic sides from estro-diol, you're going to love this one. Effects of trastolone increase protein synthesis. Increase nitrogen retention like other steroids. Strong muscle building action. Dressedic increases in strength. The further people have increased jumps and strength. And just a couple weeks with the stuff. Reduce a sperm count. This goes to reasons since it was tested for breast control, milk, birth control. You would want to love a sperm count. Side effects of trastolone. Here's the rub. Here's why I don't use it. Strong methyl estro-diol side effects. Gino bloating. A strong AI is likely required. I've heard people say, don't take it unless you're using letrasal. And if you've ever used letrasal, it makes you feel like shit. I hate letrasal. I've used it. Contest prep of using it at other times because I have had crazy issues with Gino. I've had two gyno surgeries and it just keeps coming back. So that's why I stay away from this. It also has a strong binding affinity with the progester receptor. This can lead to Gino and prone individuals. If you are sensitive to progesterone, this is going to fuck you up. It has a stronger binding affinity than with the receptor than trend does. It's weird how trend works. Some people are sexual animals on trend. Others get lumped dick and let a sex drive. It's going to be the same with this. If you have problems with trend or nanderlon, this is going to be 10 times worse. So yeah, I'm sure it worked as male birth control. Let a sperm count. You don't want to fuck in your dick won't get hard. That'll definitely keep you from having babies. It is liver toxic as well since it's methylated. Another lovely side effect. The effect on a liver is stronger in the oral form than it is in the injectable form. Infertility would go to reason that if it was marketed as a male birth control pill, that it would cause infertility. I read that some places that the infertility might even be permanent. If you want to have kids, I wouldn't roll the dice with this. It is 12 times more suppressive to HTPA than test. Fucking crazy. 12 times more suppressive than test. Anybody who's run tests for a long time and come, it is come off nose and it takes a while to get your test to come back. So if it's 12 times more suppressive, it may shut you down permanently. Yeah, guys that are worried about cycling on and off, think about that. You're going to be on TRT potentially for the rest of your life if you use this shit. Decreased bone mineral levels in testing, this is one of the reasons they never brought it to market is that it caused osteoporosis in men. That's fucking crazy. Men don't get osteoporosis. Applications for a trastalon. It is supposedly great for size bone. It'll put crazy size on you and great for strength chain gains if you're willing to sell your soul to the devil. This is like signing a deal with the devil crossroads. You're going to potentially never be infernal for the rest of your life. No titties have a limp dick and no sex drive, but God damn it. You're going to get huge and strong. I don't know is it worth it? I don't think so, but that's my two cents. Half life in the oral form, it has an incredibly short half life. It's almost unusable to another reason why it was probably never put to clinical use for our half life, which means you would have to take it five, six times a day for it to be effective. There is a UGL version of it. This is usually what you'll see. It is an acetate. Keep in mind, this is done by Renegade chemist. As far as I know, it was never clinically tested this way. So who knows if it actually works the way it's supposed to work, but the acetate has a three-day half life in theory if it works that way. I've heard that it does. I've never tried it so I don't know. Cycles and doses of what I've heard is a beginner and does 100 milligrams for weak intermediate doses 200 milligrams a week, advanced doses 300 milligrams a week, dozens very similar to trend. I would imagine, well, if it's an acetate, you're going to want to do injections every other day. Women, I don't know how it would be applied to women. I probably would just stay away from it in general. I suppose it doesn't have masculinization effects. I don't know. My thoughts never use it. Never going to, especially at my age, not worth it. I am not taking a chance with it. In theory, it is one of if not the strongest antibiotic there is. Research has shown that it was 10 times more antibiotic in action than tests. This is not the antibiotic-antrogenic rating. This was in research. People experience 10 times the anomalous test produces. With the side effects that you have to take such low doses, it probably is a wash at the end of the day. Practicality, it probably isn't that potent, especially with the UGL stuff who knows what you're really getting. Other concerns I have, if Blasm and my buddy builders will take everything known to man, experiment or not, but when they go to the doctor, they don't want to take a damn blood pressure medicine or cholesterol medicine. They're worried about how that's going to affect them, but they'll take shit like this. Big concern for me would be that it never made a past clinical trials. The nasty estrogen side effects, the methyl estridial, which is, say, was debald. Demo fucked me up. I would not want to mess with that. I would not want to mess with that. Why would you want to roll the dice with us? Your process is a man. It's liver toxic, it should be milder than other things say the adidral as far as liver toxicity. I would be crazy concerned about that, especially with the injectable version that should reduce the liver toxicity of the methylation. I would only consider it, these are the only situations I would actually consider using it. If you're a young dude in great health, you've gotten your blood work done and you're a hell bit on getting your pro-car, but you're just not quite there. You can't get over the hump. You can't get over the hump. You've put in your time in the gym, your 10 years. You're just like, right at the cost of getting a pro-car, then maybe I would consider giving it a whirl. Even then, I don't know if I would. That's just my thoughts on it. I would not roll the dice, but if you're at the edge of a pro-car, and this is your lifelong dream and ambition, and you will put your life in health at risk to get there, then it may be something to consider. Thank you for watching my video. Hopefully this was helpful. I am happy to make more of these, but you've got to like and subscribe my channel. Everybody, watch my videos. Nobody's liking and subscribing. Please like and subscribe. It helps the YouTube, gods, and motivates me to make more videos. I feel free to ask questions in the comments section. I'm happy to answer questions. If there are other videos you would like me to make, please let me know. I would be happy to do so, and follow me on a secret at Paul J. Barnett. Have a great day.

=== FILE: Magic Spoon Fruity Cereal vs Fruit Loops - Nutrition Label Smackdown [VRqcxYMqFkc].txt ===

So, today's nutrition label SmackDown, we're going to take a look at Magic Spoon Fruity Serial versus Free Loops. I love me some free loops. They are awesome. Okay, so let's dig into this a little bit. Magic Spoon, let's take a look at the nutrition label here. 150 calories per cup, eight grams of fat per cup. It's a lot of fat for a breakfast cereal. Usually you don't see that much fat in a breakfast cereal. 15 grams of carbs per cup, one gram of fiber per cup. These are not going to make you poop. And 13 grams of protein, a lot of protein for a breakfast cereal. One cup is roughly 38 grams of total cereal. Let's take a look at fruit loops. We got here. 110 calories per cup. It's less than Magic Spoon calories. Yes, less. The weight per cup is less, so you know, they're probably filling it up with there. But whatever, when you're measuring it out, you don't know the difference. 100 grams of fat per cup. 25 grams of carbs, glorious carbs, and two grams of protein. So closer look at Magic Spoon's ingredients. And I looked at the label. It has weigh concentrate, which anybody knows anything about weigh. weigh concentrate is the king of farts. Yeah, it doesn't agree with my stomach. I know some people can get away with it, but it's like to send it. It's the shitty cheap way. Don't like it, but anyway. It has alkylose. I had to look this one up. I've never seen that ingredient anything before. It is a natural but rare sugar. Evidently, it is a monosaccharide. This is pretty interesting. It is one calorie per gram. So carbs are typically four calories per gram, but only one calorie per gram actually gets absorbed. From what I understand, the rest of this does not get digested or absorbed. The FDA mandates that despite the lower calorie count that each carb must be counted on the nutrition label. That's how they can get away with saying less than that carbs than what it really is. I don't know. It's kind of deceptive marketing if you ask me. It has roughly 70% the sweetness of sugar. I also do a little more digging and I found an FDA study on the safety of it. This is probably why you don't see it used in food very often. It has some pretty freaking extreme GIFX causes in larger doses can cause bloating, diarrhea, cramping, gas, abdominal sounds. As we do, it's the bubble guts. So basically you're going to have the bubble guts and shit your pants if you eat too much of this stuff. That sounds like a great combination with Wake-Con's a trade which already Fox my stomach up. It's not vitamin fortified anyway. That was interesting. It's vitamin fortified. Not that the average American needs vitamin fortification and their food are already overfed and fat and not malnourished anyway anyway. So I feel like at this point the vitamin fortified cereal is just a marketing thing. Otherwise the ingredients appear to be organic or natural. Ingredients of note in frittlips. Actually, when you look at the ingredients, it sounds bad as you would think. It was not great but as far as junk food goes, it doesn't have high fructice corn syrup. There is that. Use this real sugar. There is partially hydrogenated vegetable oil which is dog shit. But there's only one gram of it preserving so it's not a significant enough amount to even be concerned about. As good old red dye number 40 which has been banned in some countries completely. European Union I believe requires manufacturers to put a warning on, a label warning on foods that contain it's thing that it may cause cancer and I think that it's also been banned from consumption by children in the European Union. It is made from petroleum. Yeah, that's great. Motor oil. It is vitamin fortified though so you'll get plenty of vitamins. So comparing both together. Frittlips has lower calories per cup. So for lips has less fat per cup. Frittlips of vitamin fortified. Again, to digest that a lot easier, you have the bubble guts for meat and fruit lips. They're going to, your body is going to suck those right up. Magic spoon has less carbs, less neck carbs, organic ingredients. And it does have healthier fats. It uses the blend of fats that it uses assuming it's not bullshit. It's healthier. So my thoughts on this. First of all, who the fuck actually eats one cup of cereal? I don't know, I don't. I'm eating half the damn box. So you eat half a box of this magic spoon. You're probably going to shit your pants. That's not good. Organic doesn't always equal better. People see organic on stuff. It's not, it's organic or natural. They automatically think that it's better. It's a sign-ides natural. Even though this aliola is natural, it looks like it has from the studies of red. Some pretty nasty GI side effects. That can't be good for you. It's basically your body saying, I'm not using this and you're shit in your pants. For fat loss, we know the calories are all king. And thermodynamics, the law of thermodynamics stands true. Less calories equals more fat burn if you're trying to burn fat. You're going to burn fat eating fruit loops. I've done it, but I'm not your normal person. For dieting purposes, fruit loops are actually probably better choice if you're trying to watch your calories. I did try and, you know, I noticed on the, the magic spoon site, and this drives me nuts with a lot of these so-called healthy foods. It drives me absolutely fucking bad shit that they claimed that it was keto friendly and healthy and blah, blah, blah, blah. It's still a junk food. It's got a shit ton of fat in it, although it's healthier fats. And it's anyway in the keto friendly. This doesn't seem to keto friendly to me. I don't know, but if I were putting together a ketogenic dive, if somebody I wouldn't tell in the eat magic spoon cereal, you know, neither fruit loops or magic spoon would be good for a good recommendation if you're trying to have a fat loss diet. They're not going to be very associating. They are pretty colorically dense per unit consumed. Honestly, there's no real health benefit for eating magic spoon over, over fruit loops. Maybe you can make an argument about the red dive, but, you know, so your red diver is hitting your pants and needing some sweetener that nobody really knows a whole lot of out there. I haven't been a whole lot of studies done on. I don't know. If you want cereal, I would just eat the fucking fruit loops. That's my opinion. If you're going to go off the rails, just eat the real thing. Save your money, save your butthole, because you're going to poop your pants if you eat a bunch of this magic spoon stuff. Just eat fruit loops. That's my opinion. They're both kind of garbage. So you might as well have the real thing. Hope you found this enjoyable. Like and subscribe. Please subscribe to my channel. I'm trying to get it off the ground. I'm begging, cleaning. It's pretty sad. I don't even know what I'm doing with the stamp thing anyway. Uh, thanks and have a great day.

=== FILE: Masteron (Drostanolone Propionate) - Steroid Profile - Anabolic Bodybuilding [pl3P3gGzUc8].txt ===

Master on Joe Stan alone propryn eight, Stairway profile. I want to note that it does also come in an Anthate Esther, although, actually 90% of the time people use propryn eight, you know, just to get it in a quick, out quick, it's probably better for contests for up that way. We get it to that in another video, but Master on is another DHT derivative, another dry, steroid, you know, it's used for fat loss phases, most frequently. Well, let's get into the properties of it. Okay, so we'll take a look at Master on here. Properties of Master on it is a structurally altered form of dihydratestosterone. It is also altered by the addition of a mouth of group at the two carbon position. This protects it from metabolite breakdown in the muscle tissue. DHT is broken down by the three hydroxy steroid dehydrogenase enzyme. Once in the muscle tissue, so it is not anabolic. This alteration may protect it from that, giving it some anabolic properties, whereas DHT does not provide an does not. So this increases the hormones anabolic nature. And as a lower endogenic in anabolic and anabolic ratings, then test. Now keep in mind, this can be a bit deceiving with DHT derivatives. They tend to have a strong binding affinity with the endogenic receptor. So the endogenic rating of 25 to 40 is probably actually it probably is stronger than that. Same thing with the anabolic rating. I don't find it to be very anabolic. So that's just my experience. Usually with DHT derivatives, they're stronger. Andogenic than they are rating is a weaker anabolic. There's no measurable estrogenic or progestinic effects contributing to it being a dry steroid. Moderate and estrogenic effects moderate anabolic effects. It was originally developed in the 50s and released in the late 60s from what I understand. And it was used as a breast cancer treatment for a period of time before it was discontinued. You know, it was better things, you know, things like to moxophone and other aromotays and inhibitors came around and they don't have endogenic effects. So which is better for women? Effects of mass, mass around. Moderate increase in protein synthesis, moderate increase in nitrogen retention, moderate suppression of estrogen, a hardening effect from the endogenic nature DHT derivatives tend to harden physics up. Give you that drier look more veney. Just the muscles have more pop. Side effects of mass around. And in my experience it's very mild. Doesn't have a ton of side effects. There is a moderate risk of endogenic side effects baldness, body hair growth, the typical DHT side effects. You know, in a reminder with DHT derivatives, 5 AR inhibitors like propisa, finistaride, don't work because it doesn't convert. So there's nothing to block. It impacts negatives or lipids negatively. Not as strongly as other ones. I, you know, when I've taken a dive scene, little to no impact on my lipids. I don't know. I take a lot of official oils. I think that helps counterbalance some of it. But I haven't noticed that it crushes my lipids. It does have a mild suppressor effect on natural testosterone. Half life. If we're using the propionate ester, it's a two-day half life. And they have ester 7 to 9 days. Depends on how your body metabolizes. And everybody's a little different. Applications for mass or on. I really, the primary use for it. And I think the the most productive time to use it is for. Reduction of estrogen. I mean, in fat loss phases, it's it's great because it reduces estrogen. Increased nitrogen retention. And I know progesterine or estrogenic. Sides. And it seems to have a direct effect on improved body. Composition. It can be used in hypertrophy phases. You can consider it. I wouldn't use it for any of the antibody properties. You know, maybe it could be used as an alternative to. Aromatease and hebidres. If you have issues with estrogen. Aromatease inhibitors tend to crush. Absolutely crush your lipids. And this I, you know, we think that would have a milder effect on lipids. You know, without using aromatease inhibitors. They'll make you feel like shit sometimes tired with argic. Creaky. I, they just they have some side effects. So I guess in theory, you could use it if you wanted to just mildly suppress your estrogen. Instead of you're completely wiping it out. But just something to consider. I haven't tried it that way. But in theory, I think it could be applied. That way. Cycles and doses. Mass around is weaker than other steroids. If you're trying to get an antibiotic effect out of it, you're going to need higher doses. So I don't consider it as an antibiotic. They're better antibiotics. You know, if you're. When you're a contest prep, you're stacking so many things anyway. And really the point that is just muscle preservation. You're not really trying to build muscle. So it's not as important. You know, it turns going to be pretty strong. And be your muscle preserve. When you get towards the end of prep anyway. Um, beginner doses 200 to 300 milligrams per week. I would say for contest prep. And then maybe it does 300 to 500 advanced doses 500 plus. I don't really see a need for it to go much higher than that. They're better choices to fill in the gaps. When then I, I've have heard of it being used in women. There's probably better choices. It was used to treat breast cancer. So it wasn't originally designed to be used in women. But it does. I would think that it would have some masculinization effects. You know, like I've said in the other videos, I'm not an expert on animal like. Or AS use in women. But I would be worried about masculinization. Um, and if I were to use it, I would use it in very low doses and pay close attention to any. Mass colonization effects and stop it immediately. Maybe only use it for like it towards the end towards a show. I, or I probably would just stay away from it in general if I was a woman. But, um, who knows. I think I said I'm not an expert on that. But I have heard of women using it for contest prep. Um, my experience with it personally. I didn't have any notable side effects. We didn't. Missed with my blood pressure. Didn't miss with my hematocrit. Um, I felt fine while I was on it. Um, it definitely hardened me up. I had a harder crispier look when I was on. Um, master on. Um, I checked my blood work frequently and it, you know, without the use of an AI, I've no, it cut my estrogen almost in half. So, um, I, you know, I, for people say it's not that strong for that, but that's, that's, that's for my, my, my blood work said otherwise. Um, I also noticed too, you know, I've had issues with gyno and just estrogen related fat around my chest. And when I use master on it tightens that up my packs get tightened up, you know, otherwise I have this fat boy pat, pex and, you know, Dupy boobies in the off season. Um, so it does seem to get rid of estrogenic effect or fat, which would, would make sense since it was originally designed as a breast cancer drug. Um, you know, like, like I said, it could be considered as a tertiary drug and hypertrophy. Um, I would use it as my primary antibiotic. I don't think that's productive, you know, maybe you could do something like a test, mandrelone and then throw some master on in there. Um, if you wanted to play with it, just to thought, um, uh, another thing to is fake, premable and is usually master on. They are pretty similar. Um, although a premable and is a stronger antibiotic than master on, but they are pretty similar. So, uh, it would, unless you had ran a test on it, most people probably wouldn't know the fucking difference. Um, I remember, I, I talked to a dude who was arguing with me that that premable and lower it is estrogen. And I'm like, a premable and doesn't do that, dude. He probably got, probably got sort of fake. You got, you got master on, not, not premable and don't fuck anyway. Uh, thank you for watching my video. Uh, please like and subscribe. We got a lot of people watching my videos, not many subscribing. Uh, YouTube, the YouTube gods, the overlords of Google. Like it, we'll just use subscribe to my channel. Um, it helps me out if you want me to make more videos. I need more questions to do so. Uh, feel free to ask questions in the comment section. Um, I'm happy to answer any questions you might have. Also, I'm taking suggestions for other videos. I've had a lot of good, lots of good suggestions. So, if there's something you would like me to make. Uh, I will do that. And also follow me on Instagram at Paul K Barnett. Thank you. Have a great day. Thank you.

=== FILE: Metformin (Glucophage) for Bodybuilding - Drug Profile - Anabolic Bodybuilding [o1hxZ4Sai0k].txt ===

Metformin Hydro Chloride, Glucofage. This commonly known is Metformin. To be clear, we're talking about this in context of body building. How it's used in body building. How it's applied in body building, not for medicinal use. I mean, I guess technically it is medicinal use. The way it's used in body building. But anyway, Metformin's pretty cool little drug. I feel like most people should be using it, especially if you're eating a lot of carbs and taking growth hormone, you should probably be on Metformin. Let's dig into it. We'll talk about why. You learn a little more about this drug. So Metformin, it's an oral anti-hyper glycemic drug. It's to, it was to synthetic form of a natural antibiotic, Guinide, one, die methylated by Guinide variants for those of you chemistry nerds. It was first developed in 1929, so it's old as fuck. But it wasn't actually put their clinical trials until 1959, much later. And it was called Glucofage, Glucofage, however you want to say tomato, I say tomato, which literally means glucose eater. It was approved internationally for use in the 1960s, but wasn't introduced to the US for one hour, or another, stand until the 90s. And now it is the most widely prescribed diabetes medication in the world, it's because it works. So what Metformin does, it increases cellular insulin sensitivity, if I can talk. I don't know why the bros seem to think this, I've corrected several people on this one that I've talked about, but for some reason I think it's an insulin mimicter, it does not work like insulin. It doesn't drive nutrients into the cell. What it does do is increase insulin sensitivity in the cell and receptivity to insulin. insulin actually signals the cell to take nutrients. Metformin and Glucofage does not do that. It also reduces production of glucose by the liver. So sometimes people wouldn't have high fasting glucose levels, sometimes there's a thing called the dawn effect where your liver starts pumping out glucose overnight. This can help with that. Decreases the absorption of sugars through the gastrointract, which is fascinating. It keeps you from absorbing as much over the sugars. Decreases appetite. It's shown to increase the secretion of the weight loss promoting. Inquitone Glucofage on like peptide one. I will tell you my appetite goes down when I'm taking higher doses of metformin. Also fascinating, it has been shown in recent studies to reduce cancer risk. People that have taken metformin in studies have lower cancer rates than those who do not. Studies suggest that metformin inhibits cancer cell growth by activating the AMPK process. That's kind of cool. The effect of metformin, you know, huge warning here and it's rare but it can cause lactic acid doses in some people. I've heard that if you're severely dehydrated, it can cause lactic acid doses. So you're going to be careful about that. Mostly just in diabetics of your healthy and functioning, you probably won't have an issue with it. The most common symptom of the people who get or side effect is gastric distress especially when you first start. It can cause some diarrhea. It definitely had some diarrhea when I first started gas, nausea, indigestion, can also cause headaches. Empared creatinine clearance where kidney disease is present. So if you have any sort of impaired kidney function, you should not take metformin. It's probably bad idea. It also impairs B12 absorption as well. The application of metformin and body building. First of formus, it's used to counter the HDH induced informed resistance, especially when you're taking higher doses of HDH. You need to manage that and metformin is a one way of doing that to increase insulin sensitivity and prevent insulin sensitivity loss from the use of HDH. HDH is a counter regulatory hormone to insulin. It'll, you know, the appetite suppression isn't advantage, especially when you're dieting. If you're not as hungry because of metformin use, that's nice and a little benefit. It works. It's like peanut butter and jelly with insulin. You make your cells more insulin sensitive. And if you're using insulin, you can more easily drive nutrients into the muscle cells. Specifically, it seems that from what I have and, you know, anecdotally, it seems that metformin has a pretty dramatic increase. One muscle cell insulin sensitivity. So if you're using insulin and conjunction with that, it can, you know, if the cells are more sensitive to insulin, you can drive more nutrients or use less insulin to drive nutrients into the cell. Lower fasting glucose levels, which are always good for long-term health. Half life of metformin HDL. We're not talking about the XR version of metformin. The most commonly one you'll see used in bodybuilding is just metformin HDL. It's 4 to 8 hour half life. So ideally, you should be taking it multiple times a day. With meals, I usually split it up in three doses. It's how I do it. You know, I'll take 1,500 milligrams and split it up into three doses throughout the day. Doses, say, almost common doses that you'll see. Beginning dose would be 500 milligrams. I would not start off with more than 500 milligrams unless you want to paint your walls with your butt. You're going to get diarrhea if you start off with 1000 milligrams and a single dose. So start off with 500 milligrams at night. I would say with a meal. Intermediate dose, you know, you can move up to there. If you settle in with that in your stomach, settle down after a couple months, you can go up to a thousand. 1,500 milligrams is, you know, advanced dose. The max that has been clinically tested and suggested is 2,200 milligrams. The pills use to come. I think in 500 or 1000 milligrams, I think it's in eight, 50s. Something weird like that. But the ones I usually see are 1,000 milligrams. So, you know, this is say 2,000 milligrams would be the max. It does. You want to take it a day. My experience, it has a moderate effect on lowering glucose. 1,500 milligrams a day lower than my fasting glucose levels by about 10 points. I do think it does have, it seems like you partitioned. Nutrients better, you know, this is just me. Just brologic here or just, you know, from my experience, I don't have any actual evidence of it. But it seems like when you do eat a ton of carbohydrates, those carbohydrates are used more effectively when you're taking that form. It seems like they do go to the muscle and not your belly. I will tell you, it gives you even after you get over. When I first started taking it, I definitely got diarrhea. I started off with 1000 milligrams. It was a mistake. It tore my stomach. My stomach was a wreck. I have a sensitive stomach too. So, you've got to be careful with the stuff. Even after that settle down, you still get this just nasty smelling. Anybody's taking that form and they know about metformin farts. And the metformin poop, it just has a weird smell to it. It changes something about how your body digest food and it has a rancid smell to your poop in your farts. It's just different. I don't know how to explain it. Other than it's rancid. Definitely start off with 500 milligrams. It is a strong appetite, some present. At least for me. After, once I cranked the dose up to 1500 milligrams, it really really has an effect on my appetite. As I mentioned earlier, it does work well and conjunction with insulin but you gotta be careful. You can go hypol a lot easier than what you could before. So, you're going to have to back off. If you're using insulin, I would suggest backing off your insulin doses until you figure out where you're at. It, you will go hypomore easily when using it with insulin. Metformin by itself generally does not make people go hypoglycemic. I have not heard of it. I did see a listed in the side effects, but I've never heard of anybody going to hypos, glycemic. And go into a hypoglycemic state with metformin alone. Working up to 1500 milligrams, 1,200 milligrams seems to be the sweet spot where it works the best. That allows you to break it up into three daily doses. So, you're having coverage throughout the day. I usually take it in the morning. When I get up middle of the day and then before bad. So, I have three doses. And I try to take one of the meals that seems to anecdotally. It seems to help with the gastric distress. Thank you for watching my video. Please like and subscribe. Feel free to ask questions in the comment section. And if there are other videos on PEDs or, you know, the compounds used in bodybuilding. Let me know. I'm happy to do a profile up on them. I'm going to Instagram at Paul K Barnett. Have a great day.

=== FILE: My Gyno Surgery Experience - Anabolic Bodybuilding [-sB9dvs7MxY].txt ===

a a a a surgery is a kind of a embarrassing topic to talk about but I wish somebody put information out there for me. Uh, when I was looking into this and, um, I've had a lot of problems with a guy over the years. I actually first had it when I was a teenager and I was 100% natural and not on anything and I had, I had a guy now just happened naturally. Um, remember when I was a college, um, I would actually, this is also crazy. I would actually lactate from my double sometimes. Um, and I went to the doctor about and the doctor just told me, uh, it's normal. She should happen sometimes. Just not an answer you want to hear when you're college student. Um, I, you know, when I felt the lump under there, I thought I had some sort of, uh, cancer or whatever, but it wasn't. Um, and then, uh, after college, my very first cycle I tried was a friend of mine had some anodrol and it blew up on the anodrol. It just like, I got our gancho on my, uh, my left peck. Um, got pretty pretty, pretty fucking big. And I went back to the doctor again. They told me there was nothing I think I do about it. Uh, and I had no idea about, um, you know, nova decks or any kind of estrogen blockers or anything at the time or a martyred inhibitor, sorry. Uh, so, you know, that was all a mystery. I, uh, I knew it was anodrol was a steroid, I was six steroids. And then I ended up with a bad case of a guy and I found out from it and I swear I would never take anything again after that. And I didn't for a long time for many years. Um, and I ended up going to a general surgeon, I remember I went to this general surgeon and he told me it was a cyst. He didn't even know it was fucking guy now. He didn't know what it was. And so he cut it out, but he did not cut it out properly. He did not remove the gland. He just removed the influent part because he didn't know what the fuck it was. Uh, so, you know, piece of advice make sure if you do look into the surgery that you get an expert on at someone who knows about it, usually plastic surgeon, uh, general surgeons aren't going to usually do a decent job. So he fucked it all up. I eventually ended up getting a guy to again on my right pack and I had to go get surgery on both sides. And this time I had light bow done and the glands removed and, uh, there was good for a while and then I got off of everything and it's funny because I always seem to get guy don't want to come off of stuff. I didn't PCT properly estate offer like 10 years and the guy came back. You can see the picture here on the left. Uh, this was from three years ago, I think, I had to have got a surgery for a third time. So anybody who tells you that got a surgery is permanent in works after the first time. I, that was not my experience. So my guess is that the surgeon did not remove all of the gland. I was emphatic with the surgeon this time to remove all the gland. Um, he actually only did my left, uh, pack which was really the bad one. The right one kind of shrunk up on its own with the use of some noble decks and letters all. There's still little nodules there. Maybe the size of a marble, you can kind of, you look here, you can kind of see it on my, uh, in my pictures there, but it's much smaller than what it was. Uh, but at some point, I probably have that cut out again to it does get inflamed sometimes. Uh, it's some flung right now. I have to be really careful and monitor my, my estrogen tends to get high and I also think I am very progesterone sensitive as well. Probably more so than than anything. Uh, but you know, I had the surgery done again. Um, actually 2019 wasn't even three years ago. It was two years ago. I had surgery done, uh, on my left pack. It was pretty fucking brutal to be honest with you. I, he, I elect it if you, if you get the surgery done, it is cheaper to stay awake, much cheaper. So I decided not to get knocked out in a state of wait for the surgery. I wish I hadn't. It was a pretty perfect experience. And, um, you know, it took him over an hour to get everything out. He said he kept pulling more and more and more stuff out. I couldn't really well the shit he was pulling out of it. I'll show you. I'm going to completely crush you out. So please be for warm, but here's a picture of when he actually pulled out of there. This, this is the shit that he pulled out of my, out of my left pack. It was gigantic. I probably, I'm trying to think of it. It was probably about three, two and a half three inches in diameter and stuff ran all the way up the side of my pack all the way up the side. It was, it was fucking crazy. I didn't think there was that much. And there, and you can see where there was still stitches in there from the old surgery to have her dissolved. It was like from 10 years ago. It was fucking insane. After the surgery, I was pretty beat up to and I will show you that now too. This is what my chest looked like after the surgery. It was pretty inflamed. It was a good month before I could go back to training. I had, you know, it was swollen up. There was blood draining out of it. It was, it was pretty nasty. But, and then, I think these results were pretty solid. You know, I just, you know, all things considering it is pretty tight. Now, what tell you, when he did the surgery on me, he cut, he went through the nipple, cut the nipple off and pulled the skin tighter. The tighten up something to the loose skin around it. You can see, actually in here, there's some little bit of wrinkles and stuff in there. I'm all dysphox, wrinkles are part of life. So, I would say, you know, things to consider if you're going to get gay and no surgery, look for a qualified surgeon who has done these before. If you go in, they don't seem to know what they're talking about. Go to the next doctor and plastic surgeon seem to be the most experienced. Now, this guy went to the last time, did a nice job. And it usually takes a combination of two, two things. They have to go in and actually remove the gland and then they lightbow the flat out from around the peck. The, you know, the estrogenic fat that's there around the peck. So, they do both. The lightbow at first, cut the nipple off, going and then remove the, the gland. But you have to get the gland out and have to get all of it out. If they do not get all the gland out, it's going to grow back again and you're going to have issues again down the road. I know, first hand, don't believe that bullshit that that they'll tell you that once you've had it done, you don't have to get it, get it done again. Make sure they guarantee the surgery. That's another thing too. Most surgeons will guarantee the surgery. I did not have a good experience of my first two surgeries. Third one so far, it's been fine. I wish I had him just go ahead and do the other peck while he was out of even though I just figured there wasn't much in there. I don't know. I don't know if this little bit here is worth taking out. But as I put on weight, as I get heavier, it tends to get bigger. When I die it down and get smaller, it's less noticeable. But something I may consider getting taken out again in the future. If you have questions about gyna surgery, shoot me a message. I know it's kind of an embarrassing topic, but have it to talk to you about it, give me some advice. And please like and subscribe my video or like and subscribe to my channel. Like the video. If I can talk, I go out and watch my videos, but not many people subscribing. Hopefully this helps you some. I wish somebody had put out a video that would have been helpful for me. Thanks.

=== FILE: My Progress Update - Anabolic Bodybuilding [CAGo1UuUicQ].txt ===

I'm going to do a video update on my progress. I really don't like talking about myself. It always makes me feel weird. But there are quite a few people reach out to me as to me when I'm doing how trading, PDUs, things like that right now. So I figured I'd go over it with the briefly. Hopefully it's helpful in some instances. You know, if you have questions, let me know. Before I start, please follow me on Instagram at Paul K. Barnett. Like my video and subscribe. I get a lot of people watching these videos. I don't get a lot of people subscribing. It impedes the YouTube gods. If you subscribe, really, subscribe. It really helps me out. I'm trying to get to a thousand subscribers right now. But anyway, that's my goal at the time. But let's dig into this aid a little bit. So post show. Did my bodybuilding show a little over 12 weeks ago. My fast at weight by checking with my trainer just in Harris last week was 259 pounds. My walking around weights like 265, 270. I'm depending on how much I've eaten and how full of poop I am for the day. But 12 weeks post show. I am up 85 pounds. You can see the before and after. I look at my show pictures now. It was pretty amazing. I definitely over died it got in my body just kind of ran away from me at the end. I got way too lean. So you know, don't be too impressed by the 85 pounds off. I should have been heavier at the show. I, you know, I have picked up some body fat along the way. I will say I have not been perfect with a diet. I've been relatively close. You know, maybe an extra cheat meal here and there or by the kids following candy. But I'd say I've been 90% compliant with the diet. We're just doing the typical carbs cycling. I have other videos up about the carbs cycling diet. I don't know if people were that interested in the diet portion of it. I'm not, but. I'm not right now doing height two high days per week with about 800 grams of carbs. So roughly there about. Other training days are medium. Carb days we pulled we pulled the carbs back just to add on those days. You know, right now I am doing I'm doing the math in my head 200 300. I'm 40 50 grams of carbs on the medium training days and on my low days. It's 300 grams of carbs. I do eat a fair amount of carbs. I can seem to get away with it. It keeps me nice and full. As you can see, I'm pretty full right now. My face looks like it's about ready to explode. I don't know what it is about my head, but when I'm in. I'm in my head looks. It swells up like a medicine ball. It's. It's I get the fat head disease. Uh, I hate talking about the stuff because it's I just. I don't know. It makes me uncomfortable, but anyway, I'll share it with you. PDU is a right now. I just finished a cruise. I cruise for about six weeks. I think on just 250 milligrams of test. 40 minutes of GH and 10 milligrams of tomoxophone. It was just, um, not as they up. That's when I put on the majority of the size that I put on after the show was just cruising. Um, you know, I think we eat as much as we could out of the training and the diet. And, you know, I had a fairly productive cruise. I just go to show you. You don't need to take a ton of. Shit. This is just hormone replacement therapy. Essentially, um, you don't need to take a ton of shit to grow. It's just, you know, it's unnecessary for your health. I mean, you want to push. Sometimes there are times you want to push, but you can't get big if you say it's kind of my philosophy. So I used that time. I, uh, blood worms pretty fucked up after the. The show I definitely overdid it for the show. Um, lesson learned will not repeat that mistake the next time. Lessons more. Um, And, uh, you know, so, you know, I used this time to get healthy and my body paid me back by growing. Um, I am weak three of the of a blast, uh, planning on. Blowing a blast for probably 12 to 14 weeks. Um, there should be wrapped up sometime late, you know, I'm going to take a cruise break then again in star contest prep in late February for a targeted show in June. Um, but right now the blast is 750 milligrams a test a week, 600 milligrams of equal employees. I am taking 12.5 milligrams of extra messaging every other day. Primarily, I've, I don't know if I've got a lot of a guy enough flare up. I'm going to see it in my picture on my right pack. Uh, kind of surgery twice. I don't know how this shit just keeps fucking coming back. But, um, I have a, you know, I seem to shrunk out this now, but I've got like a marble size knob and my, under my right nipple. So fucking annoying after having surgery done a couple times. I am super sensitive to anything that I've ruined ties. I probably should have went with something dryer like a, uh, prima ball and, but prima ball and typically fake. So I'm kind of scared to use prima ball and, um, but anyway, uh, so 750 milligrams of test, 600 milligrams of equal, um, I think pretty modern doses for my size. Um, six units of GH, um, every day, uh, put a video up basically about GH. I find that anything more than six units, uh, just causes me to, I mean, it, my blood sugar to get out of whack and, um, I get achy and, you know, my hands go numb. It's shit like that. So I just don't find it productive. Um, he and the log on the high days has needed. Um, I'll do a video about insulin at some point. Um, health indicators. Uh, I have my blood worked on a couple weeks ago. Um, I checked my blood pressure every day. My pulse every day, fast and glucose every day. Uh, blood pressure is one 20 over 80 on average. Sometimes lower, sometimes higher, but that's just kind of about where it runs. But when 20 over 80, when 20 over 75, uh, considering my size, you know, and, you know, I am carrying some water that's pretty decent. Uh, resting pulse has dropped since the show. I guess because of removing the stimulants, but, um, my, nighttime pulses about 62 right now, low 60s, it seems to be where bottoms out. I don't really get much lower than that. You know, you don't want to 50 years old and, you know, to over 250 pounds, I think that's pretty solid for the resting pulse rate. Uh, fasting glucose. Been a little higher than what I would like, but I've gotten it down. It went nuts after the show. I, I'm, I'm pre diabetic or borderline diabetic. I beat these runs in my family. Um, so I pushed the GH up to eight units during the show, and I don't know if that fucked my, like, glucose tolerance up. I also went on a, uh, a bender after the show, eating a lot of sugar, uh, which I can't get away with. I can't eat sweets and get away with it. It just fucked me up. Um, so it's been around 110 on average right now. I, it's higher than what I would like. I want to get it down into the 90s. Um, so I am working on that. Um, by blood work, uh, everything was pretty much back in normal after the show. My, my liver was completely blown out of the show. My throat was fucked up. Everything, everything was, you know, so there's are the two things that were kind of messed up. Actually, my lipids were surprisingly great after the show, and they got worse. Probably from eating like shit, um, more than anything. So my, uh, my HDL was a tad low at 38. It should be over 40, but 38's not too crazy. My, LDL was just a bit high. It wasn't, wasn't anything stupid. I think it was like 120 or something. Um, which all things considering all the shit food I was eating for, for a while after the show, it's probably not too bad. My triglycerides were blown out though. They were close to 300. I think a combination of the novel decks. Too much sugar in my diet and in my, in my blood sugar just running high constantly. Push my triglycerides higher. Getting that back under control now, uh, tightening my diet up. I dropped the novel decks and everything's. Has been shown in clinical trials to raise triglycerides. I never have had an issue with it before, but I pulled it out out. I'm going to bun it's a caution. We'll see if it makes any difference. Kidneys were in great shape. My GFR was in 97. Um, the thyroid, um, had mostly returned to normal. Um, T3 was great. Um, my T4 was just a tad under normal. Just a tad. It just like one, one tenth of a point under normal. It wasn't anything crazy. So I would assume that would, um, Return to normal. My T3 was actually high, which it's funny because of my, you know, Usually people run a lot of GH3 tickets. I just have super fast metabolism. I think my, my T3 is always high naturally. I don't do anything. It just, it's just that way. Um, liver values were back to perfect. Um, my hematicrit was the high end of normal. I think it was 49 or 50. Um, I have to keep an eye on that with using, um, Equipways because Equipways does raise your hermaticrit. Um, our prescription medicines that I'm on. I'm on metformin for the glucose control. Um, I also use, uh, Atlantis at night. Um, you know, a basal insulin to help with the. Keep my blood sugar and check. Um, X forge, which is a, uh, Blood pressure medicine. I have, I have, Mess around with different blood pressure medicines. And this one works the best out of any of every use. I mean, it. I take a half a pill and it pulls me down to, um, You know, 120 over 80. My blood pressure tends to run high normally. Even when I was 170 pounds and cows, my blood pressure was high. Um, but, um, And the dumpying has two different blood pressure medicines. And it's, so it hits two pathways for lowering blood pressure. It has a calcium channel blocker and, um, And angiotensin receptor blocker. So it works through both ways of trade. Uh, calcium channel blockers by themselves. They don't make much of a difference in my blood pressure. And I'm trying to be by themselves. And it, it wasn't as good. But the two together, even though it's lower doses seems to have some. Center G that really pulls my blood pressure down. Uh, I'm also, um, Taking prevestatin to get my triglycerides in, um, The lowest dose possible. I figured what is the five milligrams or something. Don't quote me on that. Whatever the doctor gave me. But, um, To get my, uh, To get my cholesterol on triglycerides back and check a, It's quite a pay attention to that, Especially, you know, you hear, Surged Sean Rodin potentially had a heart attack. This, this is something to keep an eye on. A lot of guys don't pay attention to see if they have, uh, Um, Blockages or or high cholesterol, you know, Years and years of fucking with, um, This is the thing with, with, with taking too many anti estrogens and stay on, Dry, sterage your, where, where your estrogens gets crushed. After a while, it'll take an effect on your lipids and, And it can cause you to have a, a blockage. And potentially a heart attack, you know, So just something to keep an eye on. Um, I don't know why guys will take tons of gear, But they won't take it. Take, uh, They won't take a statin to lower their, Cluster, just makes no fucking sense to me. Um, if the low dose ones do help in they pretty much have, I mean, My experience in no side of very, very, Minor side effects at vending it all. Uh, training, um, I have another video up on training. If you want to check out and see how my training looks, But I'm doing a high volume period ice training. Um, I, um, Um, it's a Renaissance periodization style training. Um, We're ration up the volume over five to six week period and pull back. The recent, And then keep rationing up. Push, Wait up where it makes sense, But this is probably the lightest I've ever trained. Um, This is more high rep high volume style training. I did have my shoulders been bothering me. I have a shoulder that has a partially torn legroom in it. It's, you know, Judzzy injury and everyone's from on my shoulder. It's pop out of socket and it popped out of socket when I was doing Chin up. So now it hurts when I do any kind of shoulder pressing or by set curl. So I've had to go light on the shoulder presses and just kind of train around it. Um, That's the thing with injuries. Lots of people will just give up on they get an injury and don't train it all. Just work around it. Don't do shit. I have to have a simple role. Uh, train our work with in the past, Tell me this and actually one of my buddies and exercise for theologist. If it hurts, Don't do it. That's simple. You can work around just about any injury. Hell, I was back in the gym two days after I had my ACL surgery on, You know, you can do up our body. Um, You know, not saying that that was smart, But just something to just something to think about. Uh, you know, You can work around just about any injury. Don't give up. You know, keep working. Um, Anyway, thank you for watching my video. If you have any questions, Please let me know in the comments section. Please like and subscribe. If there are other videos you'd like me to make, Um, let me know as well. I'm open for suggestions and follow me on Instagram at Paul K. Barnett. Thanks.

=== FILE: Nandrolone (Deca & NPP) Steroid Profile - Anabolic Bodybuilding [erb87x97qhw].txt ===

Nandrolone for you, Jim Bros. commonly known as Deca, even though Deca is not the hormone, Deca is the Esther attached to the hormone, but it's Nandrolone for Jim Bros. Deca. Anyway, let's get into Nandrolone. Properties of Nandrolone is a 19-nore testosterone anabolic steroid. It is very similar to test infrastructure, but it lacks the carbon at the 19th position, hence the 19-nore nor for none. It has very strong anabolic properties in weaker endogenic properties, which makes it an ideal steroid for muscle building and lower side effects from the endogenic side of the column. It has an endogenic rating of 37, and an anabolic rating of 125. The effects of Nandrolone increase protein synthesis increased nitrogen retention, increased IGF1 production, increased red blood cell count, even though I haven't seen red blood cell count about that much with Nandrolone, they say it does. Inhibition of glucocorticoids, much like trend, it does. I don't think it has a strong effect this trend does. I'm just speaking from my own experience, I don't have any scientific data to back that up. You know, somebody may know more than me, but I have noticed that the effect of suppressing cortisol not to be as strong. I have also not used Nandrolone in a hard cut either, so I don't know. Increase bone mineral content and the increased collagen synthesis. This is one thing that's unique with Nandrolone versus other steroids. It makes your joints feel good. Side effects of Nandrolone. It's actually one of the mildest steroids. It's kind of gotten a bad reputation for big full side effects. I don't know why. I think maybe because dudes would get limb dicks from it and therefore because you can get a limb dick from it, they don't think it's a good steroid. Trink can give you limb dicks. I don't hear people talking about trend in the same light and trend is fucking awful for side effects. It does have a slight estrogenic conversion. It aromatizes at a much lower rate than testosterone, but it can cause guino in bloating. I suspect that a lot of the side effects that people experience with Nandrolone are not actually the Nandrolone, but the large amounts of tests they take with Nandrolone are they don't have things in balance. It does have a strong binding affinity with the progesterone receptor. If you're susceptible to progestinate, side effects just keep that in mind. It can lead to guino in some people. It seems to be much worse when combined with aromatizing hormones such as testosterone. Nandrolone does irritate my guy on the past. I had the glands removed, but in the past it would irritate it a little bit. Not to the same degree that trend seemed to. It can skew lipid profiles more strongly than tests from what I understand. I haven't seen it in my blood work, but that's what I understand. It can have some anecdotal information and it can be negative impact on cardiovascular health. Applications for Nandrolone, hands down. I think it's the best thing about cerefracized building. If you want you joins to feel good, if you want to get big, you want great strength gains. You want great size pain, it gains without joint pain. I don't think there's anything better. It'd be honest with you. It's my favorite steroid foresight. I just love it. I feel great when I'm on it. And another thing makes me bigger. Nothing makes me fuller. Nothing makes me stronger than Nandrolone does. Common esters always discloses the ester. It's not, if I go to get tired of hearing me saying this. The ester does not change the underlying hormone. It changes the rate at which the hormones are released into your system. Nandrolone decannates. They have like 12 to 15 days. It is definitely one of the longer lasting ones I have for a study where people have had drug tests. And Nandrolone has showed up like up to a year later. I don't know how true that is. I've never had to be tested for these things. But if you're a tested athlete, Nandrolone's probably a poor choice wouldn't take it. Nandrolone phenyl propionates. Half life of three days. This is my preferred choice of Nandrolone. I like getting it in fast, getting it out of my system fast. I just think that the decannates esters are too long. I don't particularly care for super long esters personally because I like to switch compounds. I don't want shit that's going to stay in my system for six months. But that's just me. I don't know if there's any science behind this. But I feel like there are less side effects with NPP than there are. DECA maybe it has something to do with the how long the hormone stays in your system and the doubling effect from the long ester or it could be just all my fucking head. I don't know. But I felt like NPP doesn't have the same issues that decadates for me at least. It's probably all my head. But there's a thing about it. There's I don't know if there's a logical reason for it. But that's just been my experience. Cyclocent doses, good beginner doses, probably two to 300 milligrams a week. Intermediate dose is 300 to 500 milligrams per week. Advanced doses 750 milligrams a week. There's some brologic that you're supposed to take more tests than you do. Nandrolone. I don't know. I've run Nandrolone only cycles before. I don't know if there's any compelling logic to that theory. But anyway, I've run Nandrolone only cycles have been just fine. My experience, as I said, my favorite hands down for size and strength, feel awesome when I take Nandrolone. Nandrolone just agrees with me. I love it. Side effects that I have experienced, sometimes it can make you really limp. Sometimes you dick don't work. It does happen. I found my sex drive was just fine. But I haven't had those issues recently. I found when I ran Nandrolone by itself. With no tests, I had no sex drive. But my dick worked just fine. When I ran Nandrolone with tests, I had tons of sex drive and sometimes my dick didn't want to work. Seems like the ED is at higher doses. The whole brologic of running less Nandrolone than tests probably has to do with the whole ED thing. That's the theory I've heard. I don't know if it makes any sense. But maybe you're just overpowering the Nandrolone with the tests if you take high doses. Nandrolone can cause gynafler apps. I did have some soreness and nipples and stuff before with Nandrolone. Not like with Trann where I was full blown lactating when I was taking Trann. Nandrolone does make me anxious sometimes, especially if whenever I ran Nandrolone only cycles it gives me a little bit of anxiety, nothing to belating but it definitely makes me a little anxious. When running with tests, it does sometimes make my blood pressure grow up. I prefer, as I mentioned, I prefer NPP overdeck anyway. Thank you for watching. Please subscribe. Feel free to ask questions in the comments section. If there's any other videos you would like, let me know and follow me on Instagram at Paul. Okay, Barnab. Thank you.

=== FILE: Nolvadex (Tamoxifen Citrate) - Drug Profile - Anabolic Bodybuilding [-JyY1_O5umQ].txt ===

of buy a lot of bode uh... by the auto but in a when it began to be not some bolt of it out to let It's set or off. Before I do that though, I get a lot of people watching the videos, not a lot of people subscribing, so I'd really appreciate it if you subscribe. It motivates me to make more of these videos. I play on a keep on making them anyway, but hopefully find this information helpful if you do subscribe. It helps me out. Once I can do your time and like the video, feel free to comment to if you have questions. I can help with having to answer your questions to and I return to the favorite to you. And share with friends if you find my information helpful. Anyway, let's dig into this. So, no, the decks. Properties on overdets. It is a oral non-steroidal anti-astrogen drug. As I mentioned at the beginning, it is a selective estrogen receptor modulator. I want to dispel this brometh right now. I'll grow them all into estrogen and the same category. It is not an aromatase inhibitor like letrasal or nastrasal. It's not completely different. It what it does is blocks, the selective leaves blocks, the estrogen from attaching to the receptor in breast tissue. It is really cool about it is the selective part of it. I mentioned it attached to the breast tissue, but it is both an agonist ant antagonist. So, in the liver, it actually acts as an estrogen and as a result causes improvement in cholesterol levels. Cool thing. It improves your good cholesterol. It is originally developed as a breast cancer treatment drug. All these anti-astrogen drugs were for the most part. It was first made in 1962. It was initially tested as a fertility drug. It does stem, stemming each hypo-thomas-paturatory axis. In 1977, it was tested as a breast cancer treatment drug. It has been around for a while. I don't call it this, but I recall it first being used in the bodybuilding in some time during the 80s. It affects of novel decks. It blocks estrogen in the breast tissue. Why is this important? Because that's what causes gynauthe happen a lot of times. estrogen related gynauthe is from the estrogen attaching to the gland and the breast in causing growth. So, it reduces estrogen-stimulated breast tissue growth. It is used in conjunction with the romatees and studies have shown that it causes a regression in breast growth. This is for cancer treatment, but it also works on gynauthe if you catch it early. I'm talking about like pea-sized nubs or smaller. Maybe it's a marble usually at that point. If you catch gynauthe early, you use a novel decks in conjunction with a strong aromatees inhibitor. Usually, the one that works the best in my experience, you can shrink that gynauthe back up. As I mentioned earlier, it stimulates the liver and it produces good cholesterol HDL, which is really fricking cool. It also increases FAH and LH, mentioned that as well through the hypopathyothelmospheterutary axis. Side effects of novel decks, hot flashes, upsets stomach, lightheadedness, a demon that can blow it up, hair loss, lowered, bread, blood cells count. I never really knew about that until I researched this, so maybe it can help counteract. People that have traumatic crit issues, I generally use novel decks, and I've never had major hematocrine issues. Maybe that's why I thought maybe it was just something genetically with me that I don't get a manicure issues. Maybe it's the novel decks. I don't know. I've never really had a lot of side effects with it, but bodybuilding uses for novel decks. Obviously, use the combat gynauthe without crushing estrogen. That is a good point. In the off season when we're blocking estrogen is good for building size. It also is good for our health. Our cardiovascular health are neurological health. If we can keep estrogen under management while using aromatizing steroids by just using novel decks, we're probably better off with health-wise. Your cardiovascular health is going to be better. Your neurological health is going to be better. Anti-assurances are pretty rough. Now, keep in mind, this is also a good application for steroids that don't aromatize, but do interact with the estrogen receptor. An example would be anodrol. First of all, I got it. I was from anodrol, and anodrol does not aromatize, and I hear a lot of knuckleheads taking aromatase inhibitors to help with it. This in theory should help. It improves your lip. It actually makes your cholesterol better. It potentially lower your red blood cell count, helps with that hermitic red thing. It is also good for hardening up the chest region in contests, but I definitely have noticed that it tightens the chest up. Novel decks have like 12 hours. Ideally, you should be dosing it twice per day. Doses that I see. I hate beginner intermediate advance. It depends on how strong your estrogen related issues are. As with all things, you want to use the least amount possible. This is all about harm reduction for me. And the best way to reduce harm is to use less drugs. Use no drugs is even better. Beginner. Probably 10 milligrams per day. This is about the end of the lowest dose. Your effective dose. Intermediate 20 milligrams per day. That's typically where I use it. Sometimes I do 10. I get away 10, but 20 seems to be pretty effective. 30 milligrams a day. You've got a really bad case of gyno. That's what I want to push it up to that. My experience, I really have not noticed any side effects from it. It doesn't cause me any issues. My estrogen, as I've mentioned in other videos, runs really high. Novel decks alone for me when rather than having heavily aromatizable steroids. Is that even a word aromatizable? It's steroids that aromatize heavily. How about that? It hasn't been enough for me to stop. I've got to use it in construction with AI. I can get away with a small dosage. It definitely helps tighten my chest up on contests. I had some fat and loosen this around my chest. Going into this last contests. As soon as I add it, novel decks end up my anti-astrogens. It's tightened right up. As I mentioned before, I typically run 20 milligrams per day. That seems to be able for me. I think that's the therapeutic dose. Don't quote me on that. Thank you for watching my video. I really appreciate everybody that's been subscribing. I'm really trying to put up videos that I would have found helpful when I'm learning about this stuff. If you appreciate my videos, please like and subscribe. Keep that in the ground. Feel free to ask questions. If you have any questions, I'm happy to answer your questions. That's why I'm doing this. If there are any other videos on PEDs, you would like to meet me. Let me know. I'm happy to take suggestions or request. Follow me on Instagram if you want to keep updated on upcoming videos. And what's going on with me? My Instagram is Paul K. Barn and Met. Thank you.

=== FILE: Nutrition Label Smackdown - Kind Bar vs Snickers Bar [_rxkJp-zqZ8].txt ===

Nutrition labels smack down on today's edition. We have the kind bar, peanut butter, dark chocolate, versus Snickers, the King of Vulcan Andy bars. My personal favorite, if I'm going to get stupid with candy, it's going to be a Snickers bar. The kind bar, healthy grains, chewy with a crunch, five super grains in this formula. 100% whole grains, 19 grams per bar, it's gluten free, it's got a key line, it's got to be healthy, right? They say it's healthy on the label, so it's got to be healthy. Snickers bar, milk chocolate, peanuts, caramel, and new get. What the fuck is new get anyway? I still have a figure that one out, and some one, tell me what that new get is. All right, so let's take a look at these. Snickers bar nutrition, a 34 gram serving of Snickers has 160 calories. Eight grams of fat, three grams of saturated fat, 21 grams of carbs with 18 of that from glorious sugar. One gram of fiber, I don't think we're eating Snickers bars to help our bowel movements and three grams of protein, probably from the peanuts. The kind bar nutrition, 150 calories per 35 grams serving, you'll see the serving size. It's almost identical to a Snickers bar. Five grams of fat, one gram of saturated fat, 23 grams of carbs, only seven grams of sugar, and three grams of protein. I remember these to clean these things for high protein, and then they got in trouble for fucking up their nutrition labels and changed it. Yeah. So I'll go to look at the time bars nutrition. It does use cane sugar, okay? I'll give them that. Has canola oil on it, which is garbage. Everything else seems to be natural organic, whatever the fuck you want to call it, but it's not full of chemicals. So it does seem to be all natural ingredients for the most part. The Snickers bar ingredients, it's surprisingly, mostly natural. So you'll see the milk chocolate in it, which is made of sugar, cocoa, butter, chocolate, skim milk, lactose, milk fat, soy, and artificial flavor. That's what gives it that chocolate goodness. And the rest of the bars made out peanuts, good old corn syrup, which is garbage, sugar, palm oil, palm oils, junk to, skim milk, lactose, salt, egg whites, and artificial flavor. I guess besides the artificial flavor, it is pretty much all natural ingredients. So that's surprising, right? Who would have thought that Snickers bars had natural ingredients in it? You would think it's a bunch of fucking chemicals. Comparing them both, the kind bar certainly would win on quality of ingredients. I mean, if you've ever eaten a kind bar, they do seem to have high quality ingredients. It has less sugar, slightly less fat, nothing to write home about. Snickers bar, like I said, it's surprising that the ingredients aren't garbage. They're actually natural ingredients for the most part. It does have less total carbs even though this more sugar. And that's kind of surprising too. So my thoughts from these two, coerically, they're exactly the fucking same. Almost identical. You look at the, it's almost the identical amount of calories above. I did also, you know, doing some digging. I found out that the FDA has warned kind. More than once, not to put healthy on their labels, that it is not healthy. The FDA said it's a candy bar. But you don't know that. The FDA considers the kind bar a candy bar, not some sort of healthy snack. Even though they still put healthy on there, they get away with it now, because they don't say a healthy snack. They say healthy greens, healthy greens, fucking bullshit. For fat loss, we always have to remember that thermodynamics, rules, king calories in calories out. If you're going to lose fat, you have to burn more calories than you take in. If you take in more calories than you burn, you're going to get in fat. And everybody seems to be under this notion that just because they eat natural calories, that somehow that makes them more healthy than eating. Shit calories. Maybe it's probably marginal, but for the most part, obesity is what is the leading cause of mortality in the United States. And what causes obesity? Eating too many calories. It's not eating enough quinoa. It's eating too many calories. Now, keep in mind that eating healthy foods generally is more filling and saciating. And there's micro nutrients and things like that. I'm not saying that eating, I try to eat whole foods where I can to. It certainly is better for you. But it's in the day. Being fat is what kills people. Insignuating the kind is healthy. I just, that really pisses me off. There's a lot of these faux health foods out there. It's really fucking bullshit. These places should be fine for doing this stuff. I can't tell you how many fake healthy foods are on the shelf when you actually look at the nutrition labels. There's nothing healthy. Like I said, nutritionally, it is the same thing. It's the eating of fucking Snickers bar. The same. So there's no real perceivable benefit for eating the kind of bar over a Snickers bar. They're both candy bars. If you like the kind of bar better, fucking go for it. Eat it, go for it. Me personally. If I'm going to have something, I'm just going to eat the damn Snickers bar. I like Snickers. It's my favorite. You know, I'm not going to have a fool myself and think that the kind bar somehow better for me. I just go to have a Snickers bar. Just enjoy your life. Eat the fucking Snickers bar if that's what you want. If you like the kind bar, eat it. But it's not healthier for you in the long run. Really isn't. Anyway, that's my thoughts on this. Please like and subscribe. I'm trying to get this YouTube channel up and running. And if you have other videos you want me to do, other nutrition labels you want me to compare, I'd be happy to compare them. Have a great day.

=== FILE: Periodized High Volume Training - Anabolic Bodybuilding [hqpQTF7XVUw].txt ===

So today we're going to dig into my push-show training system. I've switched up from what I used to do. We'll talk about that a little bit, but a lot of people asked me about my training. I've set copies of my training program to, I don't have any people probably. It doesn't have more right now. So I figured I do video up just to talk about the high-gallet level concept of my training. I'm doing a periodized volume training. It's very different from the way I trained in the past. I think it's been very effective. I've seen a lot of growth from it. We'll see if that continues as I move into a high-perrophy phase. But I'm going to ride this out and see how it goes. Let's dig into it a little bit more. My old training style, the way I trained before, I've always been a high-intensity training guy, more of a durian-yates style. I used to work with Dante Trudeau way a long time ago back in the early 2000s and did DC training for many, many years. So I've always done low volume high intensity, everything, balls to the wall to failure, past failure, type training. I'll be honest with you, I tried doing the training to contest, perhaps this time in the wheels just fell off the cart. I couldn't sustain it. I was dead at the end. I'm pushing close to 50 years old now. I'm starting to have a lot of joint issues in that style of training. It isn't good for gym longevity. You look at the guys that trained with that style of training, with heavy weights, everything to failure. Dorian Yates, Ronnie Coleman, none of these guys last a long time and they end up getting major injuries. A lot of them stop lifting just all together or can't lift anymore. I don't want to be in that situation. I did my heavy lifting when I was younger. I do think there is a time in a place for it. I was always, for me, this concept of the new program on one, you don't train to failure. It's just hard for me to wrap my head around because I have always trained to failure. The results have been ridiculous to be honest with you. I was trained in the 5 to 8 rep range and now pretty much nothings below 10 reps. This is just a total departure for me. There's still progressive overload involved so I don't think that that's not involved. The progressive overload, the priority with the progression now is with incrementally increasing volume and load is part of it too. The volume is prioritized over load where it was the opposite way around my old training. Metimal volume maximum load was the way that I was training before and then I'm always trained to be honest with you. A lot of the new research out now, I'm a book junky every tons and tons and tons of books. I've got a lot of training and high-perchrophy. I read several really good books. Sometimes you have to take studies with a grain of salt. There's conditions with those studies that maybe just a unique, unique result and not repeatable again on another study. I consider that when I look at studies but there have been multiple 10 to 12 studies. Maybe even more. At least that I found on training for high-perchrophy and what is the most effective. And volume, every one of them says volume is the most important thing for high-perchrophy. The more volume within your capability of recovering the more effective it is for high-perchrophy. And I found that fascinating because I've never trained with volume before. All my heroes and bodybuilding were lower volume, especially during the years. He was my hero when I was younger. The new research shows that that's just not the case. People were probably genetic freaks or maybe Doria was just unique in his ability to generate such stimulus from single sets that he could stimulate growth. I don't know or maybe it was his muscle fiber type distribution. And why out about these new studies is that going to failure is less important and lifting heavy weight is less important than the actual volume. And you think about it. You see a lot of guys, Jay Cochlers, an example of it. I actually talked to him for a bit about training when I did my bodybuilding show earlier. The summer and he said, you know, asking how often he trained a failure and he said never. That shot to me. God told me never you never trained a failure. And he said, you know, he was talking about how he would do dumbbell pressants with the 80 pound dumbbells or 90 pound dumbbells. And and he goes, is that heavy? I don't know. What is heavy? He goes, it's all relative. And that just kind of blew my mind. He said this after I had already read these books. And that kind of cemented it in my head that I needed to make a change in my training program. He was just talking about how he was hanging out with the guys in the master's bodybuilding. And asking us how we trained and talking about his training. And he was saying how he just doesn't think that the of his style of training is sustainable. You know, the heavy duty, style training is sustainable into older age. And I would have to agree with him. Also in these studies, they've shown that the rep range is for hypertrophy, the ideal rep range is, and it's a scale is 8 to 20 reps. And it's more about time under tension than it is really reps. So I'll do another video about that. But, you know, big compound movements, you're spending just as much time under tension with say 8 reps as you would say on dumbbell ladders with 15 reps or 20 reps. Higher reps do cause more metabolic adaptation, which seems to be for cell volumization. It seems to be more important. And, you know, like I said, I tested it out of my rebound and I've never had so much growth in success and training in my life in a short, six week period. Of course, this was a novel stimulus for me. I've never trained like that before. Anytime you have a novel stimulus, you're going to have probably rapid adaptation and then it's closed down. So the reality will be coming on these next cycles, which I just started one right now. So, some suggested reading. If you really want to go down this rabbit hole like I did three books, I highly would suggest that I read that are our volume-based training books that are written by actual scientists, physiology, exercise physiology, just people that are experts in this field, not some bro. These are scientists that have done research, analyzed that research and put it into application. The science and development of muscle hypertrophy by Dr. Brown Bradshaw, I will tell you, this one is very dense. It's very sciencey, so you might not want to start off with that one. If dense science stuff is hard for you to digest, you can probably even skip it. It's referenced in the other two books I have here, but I thought it was important to read the science behind it. That type of geeks me out anyway. The scientific principles of hypertrophy training by Dr. Mike Isriotel, this book, by out of the ones I read, is the most concise and easy to understand. I think he also has a video companion series on their Renaissance periodization channel on YouTube that goes through the whole book. It's really fucking cool. He actually expands on some of the principles he talks about in the book and explains them in video lectures. It's like going through a course. I watched him all. This is what a door can happen. I'm watching him all two three times now. The muscle strength in strength pyramid by Dr. Eric Holmes. This is one of Mike Isriotel. Reckonbin also very good, easy to digest. Probably I don't think it's quite as good as Mike's book, but it's pretty solid. I would also suggest that one as well. The program concept, the way I am doing it, you're trying to jam as much frequency in as you can recover from. The more times it's really a simple concept, the more frequency you have, the more stimulus you put on the muscle to generate protein synthesis. The more opportunities you have for growth. The typical growth split that most body builders do are you trade everything once a week? You're only getting, when you think about it, you're getting 52 growth opportunities a year, assuming that you train hard every single week, which we know is not the case. People take vacation, they must work out. But for a simple math year, we'll say 52 growth opportunities a year. I am doing a modified push pull legs, ppl split, and I'm training six days a week. I'm hitting everything twice a week. So that gives you 104 growth opportunities per year. So in the six week, Mesocycle, I just did. I had as many growth opportunities during that Mesocycle as somebody would in a 12 week training block. Now, it's not to say that every year you grow every time, but this is the more stimulus you give, the more opportunities for growth you probably are increasing the chances of growth. Most of these studies have shown that higher frequency also is important, not only high volume, high frequency is important as well, and splitting that volume up between multiple sessions. So much so that in some of the studies, people were even doing whole body workouts four times a week. I just don't think you can be a polished body builder or do that. You can't give the attention to body some of the smaller body parts that you need to be a complete body builder to do that. But it's possible that you could do, you know, if you're a novel, novice trainer, you could do upper lower, and get away with that, maybe training three times a week. That's your upper lower upper lower lower tick a day off. That's possible. So you set it up and I'll get a little more detail about it in a second, but you set it up in a six to eight week block, and slowly your progressive overload here is increasing volume. The idea is to generate enough stimulus from muscle growth, and no more than what you need. So if you go in and you blast everything right out of the gate, where are you going to progress to? So you kind of paint yourself into a corner, and plus you're accumulating unnecessary fatigue if that stimulus, you know, a lower volume at the beginning of the block gives stimulates growth. So you're kind of wasting recovery ability at that point. And this varies person in person. So the idea is to start off with the minimum effective volume, Dr. Mike is your talk calls that M.E.V. minimum effective volume, which is the minimum amount of volume that's necessary to stimulate muscle proteins at this is. And we're going to slowly work our way up to the maximum recoverable volume. And really both of these variables, you know, these various factors that go into them, that age, older people don't, you know, you need, you probably can't handle as much volume, lifting experience, PDUs, if you're using PDUs, you're probably going to have more recovery ability genetics play a role on it. But everybody kind of falls into this certain range, you know, it's, you know, from what I've seen somewhere between 10 sets per week to 25 sets per week per body part with the minimum in maximum recoverable volume. Okay. And, you know, you want, you don't, you don't want to go past your maximum recoverable volume. Maybe in short bursts just to see where it is because you're going to dig yourself into a fatigue hole that's going to take weeks to get out of if you sustain that and we've all been there before if you train hard. The periodization goes just like I said six to eight week blocks. Only the last one to two weeks should be at maximum recoverable volume and pushing close to failure on reps. We're going to, we're going to be a holding short of failure in the weeks before. And then you take a resensinization slash d-load whatever you want to call, you know, they they call a resensinization. We back off for a couple weeks or a week depending on how much help overextended you are. Let your joins in connect a tissue heal up and let your body resensitize to the volume and then you start over again with these heavier loads. Okay, so I'll answer a mention. This, this, look into the training periodization and detail. So a week one, the minimum effect of volume, stop a few reps shorter failure. I, you know, this whole thing of four reps in reserve with three reps in reserve. I can't, I don't know how to fuck you tall. I guess you're just estimating, you know, I think some people are pluses and have never trained a failure in their life and, you know, everything has a couple reps in reserve. So it's hard to say, I would just say, you know, use common sense, stop just shy of failure. You know, that's what I've been doing. It's weird for me because I've always dreamed of failure. It's the opposite weeks two, three, four, you're gradually ramping up the volume. The worst scenario we're going to want to six week block here. You know, so you're going to ramp up to your maximum recoverable volume. Weeks five to the end are going to be, you know, at maximum recoverable volume, you can push closer to failure on the last week or two. And you go right up to where you feel like you're overextending, what you can recover from or just slightly past it. You can extend it, you know, if you make it the week six, you feel great. You feel like you're making great progress. You can put another week or two in there. The idea is, as you kind of want to play with walking right up to that line of being overextended, but not past it. If you dig yourself into a recovery hole, it's going to take weeks to dig yourself back out of it. You're going to have to do a three, four week d-load if you get really, really overextended. I think it's pretty hard to do to be honest with you. My, my belief and I've said it in other videos is that most people don't train hard enough to dig themselves into that kind of hole. There are the exceptions to the rule, but I wanted to leak resensitization phase should be plenty. You know, so the idea is, after you complete the block, you take your de-load resensitization phase. I did 20 reps on everything at 60% of the weight that I left off on. Now, this is purely just to keep blood flowing through the muscle. Give your joints a break. Give your connective tissue a break. You could even take a week off in the gym if you wanted to. I would think keeping some blood flow going is probably more optimal. My current lifting split, this is how I am doing a, and you can prioritize a basal and weaker lagging body parts. But if you're novice to an intermediate trader, you don't really need to do that. I consider myself intermediate or an advanced intermediate. I don't know. But so this is how I go push with a chest focus. And what I mean by chest focus on day one, I am going to do much as exercises first while I'm fresh in the workout. That means I have more gas than tank to push chest. Okay. Next day would be legs with a quads focus. I do exercises that you don't like narrow leg press, high bar squats, things like that that are more geared towards quad development leg extensions. And then we have pull in abs with a thickness focus. And what I mean by back thickness is rowing exercises. Anything that's rowing exercises is going to contribute to back thickness. Then I take a day off. Then we have push again with shoulders focus. What I mean with this? We do chest after shoulders on the day. We hit shoulders first. So shoulders get blasted while you the gas tank is full legs. This day, it's hands, adductors and glutes focus. So we'll do our hamstrings first on this day. Stiff leg at deadloves leg curls, things like that. Adductors and glutes focus in what I mean by that are usually wide stance, whether that's you know, sumo squats, high and wide on the leg press, things like that lunges that are more gluten adductor focused. Then we'll have pull in abs again. And this time pull will be with focused. And what we mean by with focus, with focus for back is pulled down exercise maybe chance, cable pull downs, narrow grip pull downs, things such as that. And then we repeat the routine again. So it's six days a week. Okay, one day off cardio. It's the main taint. Some cardio, vascular health. We'll do hit cardio. I'll do hit cardio four times per week for 12 to 15 minutes. Usually I use the elliptical or the spinning bike. If you can get a 30 or 40 minute walk in during the day, you can solve that out. But I personally believe that hit cardio is better for cardio vascular health. This is not for fat burning. The ideal time to do it would be morning or somewhere not around your workout. You could do a post workout if you want, but that does dip into your recovery a little bit. It probably makes a minimal difference. I'm lazy and don't want to get up in the morning. Do cardio when I'm not in pre-contest phase. So I'll just do a post workout. I don't think it affects recovery that much. Anyway, that's it. The nutshell. I don't want to, you know, I'll put some other videos up when we dig into it a little bit further. But if you have any questions, please let me know. Feel free to ask any questions. I'm open to video suggestions. Please like and subscribe. I don't get a lot of people subscribing to my videos. I'll get a ton of people watching them, but not a lot. Subscribe and follow me on Instagram at Paul K Barnett. Thank you.

=== FILE: Primobolan (Methenalone Enanthate) - Steroid Profile - Anabolic Bodybuilding [UZturhKF-0k].txt ===

Prima Bowen, Mathena Loan and Aunt Thaates, Stairrayed Profile. Prima Bowen, Prima Loan is the bro's call it. From what I've heard was Arnold Schwarzenegger's favorite steroid. The guy's back in his day would stack Prima Bowen with Debal. From what I've heard they didn't use testosterone back then, Debal was their alternative for testosterone that ever used any aromattades and hippeters or anything. But it was typically hired as a Prima Bowen, lower doses of Debal, and that's the type of cycles they did and Arnold Schwarzenegger's were by Prima Bowen. So let's get into Prima Bowen. Let's talk about it a little bit. Properties of Prima Bowen. It is a structurally altered form of dihydrate testosterone DHT. There's a double bond between the one and two carbons and an additional one methyl group. This protects the hepatic metabolism. It also lowers other side effects. Prima has a lower intergenic and anabolic rating than testosterone. It has an intergenic rating of 44. An anabolic rating of 88. There's this misconception that Prima has no endogenic properties. I think that's why women like to take it. That's not true. There are some weak endogenic properties. So keep that in mind when you're taking Prima Bowen girls. It can mask and alize you. It also this would account for Prima Bowen's reputation for being a weak steroid. Something that you need higher doses to equal out to which you're getting out of testosterone or other things. There are no measurable estrogenic effects. So you don't need a rheumatoid inhibitor. No gyno. Very little bloating. It's a very dry steroid. It's considered by many to be the safest anabolic steroid. It is an ananthate ester, which has roughly a seven day half life. Verys depending on the individual. Esther's how your body metabolizes it. But generally seven days is a good estimate for what the half life is. A thanks on Prima. Like other steroids increases protein synthesis. It does have a strong increase on nitrogen retention from when I understand potentially stronger than some other steroids, which makes it good for. In fact, loss phases where you're in a caloric deficit increase at GF1 production amount increase in red blood cell count. I have never experienced any. A matter of credit or RBC issues with Prima Bowen. I've known is zero change, but that's not to say it can't happen. It has some enhancing effects on the immune system. I believe it was used in. You know, extremely ill patients that were wasting. I don't quote me on that, but I think that was originally what it's medical application was for. Maybe even HIV. I think I heard that somewhere, but don't quote me on that one. Side effects of Prima Bowen. It is as a mission. Consider the mildest steroid. There is a very slight risk of angiotinic side effects in men body hair growth baldness. BPH. Make a prostate bigger acne. Very very slight possibility of these things happening. I've never experienced it when using Prima Bowen. It mildly suppresses testosterone. As I mentioned before, ladies who take Prima Bowen keep in mind, it does have some angiotinic effects. So at higher doses, longer duration, it can cause masculinization. All right, just keep that in mind. Applications for Prima Bowen. To me, it seems rather ideal for fat loss phases. You know, where you want to change body composition. The increased nitrogen retention would make it probably ideal for being in a caloric depth. No estrogenic side effects. You don't have to worry about bloating or gyna. Generally steroids that have no estrogen conversion are drier. Give you a drier look. It does seem to have some sort of direct or indirect effect on improved body compositions. Just anecdotally speaking. But when I've seen people take Prima, they just had a tighter look to them. It can be used in hypertrophy phases. I know, you know, I know, probably builders use it year round. You know, a lot of them do. I have used it before, but I think I get better effects out of, out of a nanderloin or aquapois personally. First me, those are okay. Priämow as we mentioned earlier,has a lower endogenic and anabolic rating than other steroids so keep that in mind when dosing it may require higher doses to get the same effect that you would from other salads. That weaker or lower affect is probably why the one from millagremlin has less side effects. Beginner dose for men somewhere in to 300 to 500 milligram range. back it with testosterone. An intermediate dose would be 500 to 800 milligrams. I did advanced dose would be 1 gram plus per week. From what I've heard, let's provide, provide a better say it doesn't really start to sing or show. It's worth until you get up to 1 gram or more. They swear by it once it's considered the gold standard once you get above 1 gram. Body, and probiotic, I love that in pharmaceutical grade HCH. Doses for women. I might not mean the expert on female doses, but I would start off with the lowest dose possible. See what happens. Make sure you're not having any masculinization. If you are, you need to cut it immediately. Keep in mind, it does have the seven day half life. So it's going to take a little while for it to get out of your system. If you start having masculinization, maybe anovar would be a better choice for a first time woman competitor who wants to use antibiotics, because it's in and out of your system quicker. But I've heard 50 milligrams to 200 milligrams a week. Seems to be a common dose for female competitors. But I would always start off small. You can go up from there, especially if you don't want to turn into a man. My experience, when I've used it, I had zero side effects. It was very smooth. I felt a feeling of overall wellness. It may be feel healthy and good. I had no estrogenic side effects without using an AI. Zero, my blood pressure was perfect. My blood work was perfect. My hematocrit red blood cell count was perfect. My everything was great when I used it. Downside, it's very expensive. So if your budget conscious, there's better bang for the buck. Certainly, I know the process is rare that it's magic. That's what they say. If side effects are a concern and longevity is a concern, it may be worth the investment considering that it has very low stress on the body. You can take high doses of it and with wealth of safety. So if long-term health is a concern and if you are going to be on gear for a very long-time primable and maybe a better choice, just something to consider. I'm getting older, I probably will start leaning that way. The downside of it, it does require high doses. It's often faked. A lot of the primable and I run into from UGL sources, ends up just being master on. It's not even pre-mable. I've tested it with the road test kits. I've had several that have just been master on. It seems to be from what I've heard the only legit primable and you can get as from overseas and generally bear some of the pharmaceutical grade primable and is really the only legit stuff that you can find. There probably is others, but just keep in mind that primable is probably the most counterfeit steroid. There is outside of anovar. You might not actually be getting primable and especially ladies think about that when you're competing. That cheap UGL bathroom lab that you're using, you're probably not even getting primable and you might even be getting test. So if you're singing baritone in the choir after an eight week cycle, that's probably why. Thank you for taking the time to watch this. Please like and subscribe my channel, trying to get this going. Feel free to ask questions in the comments section. Also follow me on Instagram at Paul K. Barnett. If there are other videos or things that you're interested in regarding PDs, training, diet, nutrition, whatever. Hit me up and I will do my best to record them.

=== FILE: Progressive Overload Principles - Anabolic Bodybuilding [lvxb5uIkoJw].txt ===

progressive overload, what is it and how it's applied to body building? I am, here a lot of people saying that progressive overload is just a myth or a mystery. I'm going to show you why it's not. And why, I'm pray the reason you're not making progress is because you don't believe in practicing progressive overload and people that are making progress say it's not a thing or actually employing it and they just don't realize it. And, you know, my definition of it might be a little bit different than what other people are, but but I'm going to go through it today and I'm going to show you what progressive overload is and relation to body building. I mean, so my definition of progressive overload, it is an incrementally increasing stimulus which stimulates an adaptation by the body. Now, this can be applied to pretty much anything in body building. And body building really is at its core about stimulus and adaptation. This is what progressive overload is. We're constantly throwing new stimulus at our body to induce a stimulus to get bigger, to get leaner, to get harder, to get more tan. And, in fact, I'm going to use tanning as my first example of progressive overload. Okay, so tanning is the most, I think is the most basic example of progressive overload. The stimulus in this situation is laying in the tanning bed, okay? The adaptation is your body, the melanocytes release melanin and the melanin makes your skin darker. The stimulus required to make your skin darker is the tanning bed, okay? The darker you become, the greater the stimulus, this required to become even darker. Okay? And the adaptation slows down as you reach your genetic limits. Okay? So, when you're tan, you have to tan for a specific period of time. Okay? The tanter you get the more time that you have to tan. Sometimes you have to tan more frequently. As you reach the limit of time that you can, you can, you can tan. So, let's say the tanning bed has a 25-minute limit or a 20-minute limit. When you reach that 20-minute limit, you have to tan with more frequency to achieve overload. And there's only so dark a person can get, okay? And that is based on your genetics training is the same way. When you first start training, it takes very little stimulus to generate a response. Okay? You see it with a new beginning. Somebody comes into the gym. They barely do anything. They don't train with any intensity. They only come a couple days a week, and they make crazy gains. It's the best gains you ever make. Same thing with the tan bed. When you first start five minutes, it's going to get you, and it's tan in the way you were the day before. So, there are variables to a progressive overload. And the instance of tanning, the variables are time spent in the bed. The intensity of the bulbs, if the bulbs are stronger, then you don't have to lay it as long. Frequency of the sessions. Okay? How often you tan? The progressive overload with tanning and with most things requires some sort of recovery. Okay? Here it, the body can only take so much stimulus before there's damage. And you have to walk that line of what is enough stimulus to stimulate adaptation. And what is too much stimulus where you're causing damage? Same thing is true in the gym. When you first start lifting, doesn't take much to generate an adaptation. If you train too much, you're just going to grind yourself into a hole. As you get bigger, as you get stronger, as your body has adapted more to the stimulus, and the training and that situation, it takes more intensity more time in the gym, heavier weights to make it grow. So, the same thing with tanning, we talked about it. The tanner you get, the more you have to tan, simple as that. So, types of progressive overload. It's not just training in the gym or in this case tanning. You know, things that we could apply progressive overload to in bodybuilding. Training is the obvious one. Nutrition. You're constantly changing your stimulus with nutrition to elicit a result. PDs. You're using performance enhanced drugs to stimulate a response as well. And those can constantly be changed as well to elicit a different response or adaptation. So, progressive overload and training. Variables that we have. The load. How much weight we're putting on the bar. That is the most obvious one. And I think that's where people get stuck on progressive overload. They only think about weight. You know, well, there's only so much weight you can put on the bar. Which is true. And, you know, people say, you know, in bodybuilding being strong is not the goal being big or having a great physique. Because the goal which is also true, but it does take some weight to do that. Frequency. How often you train each body part also plays overall in adaptation. People don't think about that. Volume. How many sets you do in providing parts? That plays a role in adaptation. The actual time spent under tension, which is really what volume is. You know, more time under that load is going to elicit an adaptation. Intensity. This is another one. You know, how many reps you leave and reserve. How close you get to failure. Intensity modifiers. Things like dropsets, restpaws, force reps. Whatever. You know, those, those all add intensity and potentially adaptation. Now with weight training, there is recovery required. We talked about it before. If you go in when you're a new being the gym and you train like a 260 pound open class. I have to be pro bodybuilder. You are going to destroy yourself. I remember when I first started training. I bought on a Schwarzenegger's in Psycho P.D. A bodybuilding and it had his work out from when he was a Mr. Olympia. And I tried doing that when I first started in the gym. And I felt like I was going to die. And I had no idea why. I'm like, if I train like a normal, I'm going to look like a Arnold. It didn't work that way. It didn't work that way at all. You can't progress from a directly to Z. It's literally you have to go A to B to C to D as you progress in the gym. So things have to ratchet up along the way. You can't jump from start to finish. It takes time. It takes years to have that kind of adaptation. Progressive overload and nutrition. So the variables we have in nutrition. How many calories you eat? The macros, how you're applying protein carbohydrates and fats to the diet. Meal frequency. And think about this too. If you try to eat like that 260 pound old-in-class bodybuilder, you're just going to make yourself sick and fat. You have to adapt to that amount of food over a period of time and create a metabolism and a physique that requires that type of caloric intake. You're just going to make yourself sick and fat if you try to eat like a probiotic bone or run out of the gate. Progressive overload with performance and enhancing drugs. Variables, the dose, compound choice. What compounds you stack together. Wength of time that you use them. Those are all play a role. You know, and using too much too soon. I know a lot of people see, you know, pro-A uses this amount. So in this stack, I'm going to use it. You are not going to look like pro-A if you use the stack. What you're going to do is paint yourself into a quarter. You know, if you're 160 pounds using two grams of gear, what are you going to do when you're 220? I'll be where do you go from there. Okay? So you're using the amount that's appropriate. The dose gets progressively more as you get bigger. The reason why bigger body builders use more is because a bigger body requires a larger dose. That's just that simple. I don't know why people can't put A and B together with that one. It just blows my mind. It's the same thing with any kind of prescription medicine. They ask, they weigh you and they prescribe based on your weight, the dose, a bigger body requires more. Measurement. How can you progressively overload and get better if you aren't measuring anything? If you aren't tracking your workouts, how much weight you're using, how many reps you're doing, measuring food, same thing. If you're not measuring your food, weighing your food, how are you going to get better? How do you know what you're doing? Same thing with your gear. There's no progress in body building without progressive overload. Progress is in the word. Okay? So if you're not progressively applying more stimulus, you're not going to be any different than you were yesterday. This is one of the things that I think frustrates the fuck out of me. There's so many people say, I don't know why I'm not growing. I don't know why I'm not getting better. I don't know why things are changing because you aren't fucking tracking anything. You're not actually practicing progressive overload. You're doing these same workouts that you did two years ago. You're eating the same food that you did two years ago. Everything's the same. So if you haven't given your body a reason to adapt, it is not going to adapt. This is a painful process getting bigger. And you have to push your body. Pass its limits to induce that sort of adaptation. It's just the way it is. It's uncomfortable. And unless you're tracking things, you know, this is the thing with body building. It's a game event. It's inches. You might do one more wrap this week than you did last week. You might do one more set next month than you did last month. You might eat a hundred calories more a day. You might use 50 grams more a year. Next cycle than you did or hundred grams. Then you did our milligrams. All right. Then you did on the last cycle. So unless you're tracking things unless you know where you're at, there's no way that you can progressively overload. Now some people don't track if they just have it in their head. And they just keep doing more and more and more. They keep training more and more. And they keep training more and more and more intense. And they adapt some people have better genetics. But I would guarantee you if you actually went and monitored what they are doing. It looked at what they're doing. Even though they aren't writing things down. They have progressively increased overload and stimulus to the body to make it a debt. So they're practicing and even though they don't know for those of us that are mere mortals. You have got to track things. It's the only way you're going to get better. Thank you for watching my video. Please like and subscribe. We've got a lot of people watching my videos. Not many subscribing. I really would appreciate it if you subscribe. It helps me with the YouTube gods. Video suggestions. I'm open for suggestions. If you have videos you would like me to make. Questions and comments. Feel free to ask questions and comments in the comments section. I will do my best to answer all of them. Follow me on Instagram at poll K Barnett. Thank you.

=== FILE: Protein Requirements for Bodybuilding - Anabolic Bodybuilding [26X187gnojI].txt ===

protein requirements for bodybuilding how much protein do you really need to maximize hypertrophy for bodybuilding? This one gets a lot of people but hurt. There are a lot of different opinions and people get very passionate about their diets. Diet is almost like religion to some people and I think we need to remove ourselves from the actual bro science and mythology and diaphylosophy and keto this vegan that and look at the science and see what the science actually says. Imagine that science. So let's dig into this just a little bit. Some protein requirements. What studies say? The most recent scientific studies and I keep in mind the stuff is always evolving but now there are quite a few studies that you can find where they've actually looked at athletes and strength athletes and you know look at what protein and take actually maximize hypertrophy and it seems to be you know all the studies that I have seen have settled around 1.7 grams per kilogram of body weight which works out to be about 0.77.0.8 grams per pound for those of us in America in the metric system is foreign to us. You know so that seems to be the kind of the minimum requirement for strength training athletes. Now keep in mind all these studies they don't look at guys on PEDs they're not looking at actual professional body builders but 1.7 grams per kilogram is the number that these studies seem to point to. 1.2 grams per kilogram seems to be the minimum for the general population and I would doubt that the average American is getting 1.2 grams of actual quality protein in per day. That's you know half a gram per pound of body weight I would be shocked if if they are maybe they are I think most people are living off carbs and fat. So there's another interesting thing I found a study that looked at protein overfeeding like going significantly over like 50% more than what the the requirements you know up up to almost 2 grams per pound of body weight and you know it found the body body builders this study actually looked at body builders they were natural body builders that you know they compared to the control group that was eating 1.7 and both had the same caloric intake pretty much the same you know the same quality of foods but what they you know they were all they were all eating low fat animal protein sources so same types of protein but what they found that the people that we're doing protein overfeeding actually at the end of I think it was a 12 week study had improved body composition compared to those that ate the lower protein they they had lower body fat levels they also kind of surprising in this goes to just prove the thing that a lot of vegans and stuff for our use they you're gonna die of a heart attack if you eat a lot of protein these guys these people in the study that we're eating over eating protein over consuming protein in excess actually had improved lipid markers at the end of the study their lipids got better they were better than they were for the for the control group so and they also found no deleterious effects from protein overfeeding on the blood work so that's kind of interesting I'll put the link to the study if you want to go look at it in the video description it's pretty fascinating my thoughts you know I you know the old protein overfeeding is pretty simple to explain that protein it's the thermic effect of food and your your body will spend 20 to 35% of the calories found in the protein actually just process it and your body does not want to use protein for fuel either glucodeneogenesis kind of like the last resort and it it when it does it's a costly process to convert proteins into glucose so you know protein in the sense you just end up burning off a lot of the access you know up to a third of it of the access protein they knew eat versus carbs or fat which are going to be used for energy or stored as fat carbs do have a bit of a thermic effect I think something like five to ten percent or maybe up to fifteen percent I don't recall at the top of my head but not to the same degree as protein so that likely explains the improved body composition yeah now with that said I wouldn't want to be in the bathroom when those people are eating like five six hundred grams protein are in there that's a lot of protein the digest it's really difficult for you to digest and eat that much protein I'm so applying these studies to bodybuilding like I said these studies don't factor in antibiotic you know in about steroids or performance enhancing drugs and they're effect on protein metabolism which you know if there you should be increased with with that with with anabolic series so likely you need more you know or you can take in more protein and put it to use but you know keep this in mind it doesn't take that much protein to build muscle okay so 25 grams a day of muscle protein synthesis it's 20 pounds of muscle a year now keep in mind your body's constantly turning over protein so it's a little bit misleading but you know just and you know also we'd never know when the body is going to build muscle so we need constant protein throughout the day but you know it doesn't take a lot the moral story as he doesn't take a lot you know issue is you know you know could you eat 50 grams of protein a day of build muscle maybe but there's no way you could eat that much or that little and keep steady levels of amino acids in the body throughout the day it's so that that's the issue you just never know when the body's gonna decide to build new muscle tissue so playing it safe it seems to be the kind of accepted standard now is one gram to 1.5 grams of protein per pound of body weight for enhanced body builders you know you could probably get away with that 0.8 grams per pound the 1.7 per kilogram but you know if you want to play it safe we we've established that there's no risk for eating more protein in fact it seems to improve health in body composition so let's err on the side of caution and eat a little bit more you know what's the problem there right you know at the same time we want to think of optimizing our diet you know there there is a threshold anybody who's eating over 300 grams of protein knows it is really hard eat more than that I have gone as high as 5600 before the only way I could choke down that much protein was to supplement in protein shakes I could not eat that much meat in a day it's just I'd be miserable for a lot of fucking meat so what type of protein sources do we want we want quality protein obviously things that are actually going to be used by the muscle or the body for muscle protein synthesis okay we are concerned about the 20 amino acids that are available you know that are in the standard genetic code of the body can actually process there are 20 to proteogenic proteinogenic it mean I was by the body really just needs the 20 for muscle protein synthesis 11 of those can be made by the body and nine of those cannot those are your essential amino acids so you have to get those from some social body cannot make those on its own a quality protein what I would consider quality protein contains all 20 amino acids and nine essentially amino acids in optimal you know an optimal balance complete amino acid chains they're low in fat in low in carbohydrates we have protein sources that are low in fat and low in carbohydrates protein density per calorie ideally we want almost as many of the calories that we can get from the protein to be from the protein you don't want it from fat or carbohydrates the issue with protein powders you know a lot of people asking about protein powders they're okay in a pinch a couple problems with them one they don't don't release into the bloodstream so enough you know when you have a way it's very facially assimilated into the body it's peak concentrations I think I've read it within like 30 minutes and then then you know within an hour it's out of you so you would have to eat again within an hour to keep stable amino acid levels in the body whereas if you ate a chicken breast you're going to be digesting that over probably a two and a half three hour period of time piece of steak and staying your body for 24 hours or more so that's the issue with protein powders there are applications for them maybe intro workout or post workout if you want a quick amino acid bath you know that that might be or if you're just an attention on the road maybe maybe sip on it over a period of time that would be a way to or there are slower acting protein powders such as casian you know I've been saying they're not trying to shit all over protein powders but real food is always better and when we're constructing a bodybuilding diet we're looking for optimal not okay all right so protein powders are okay real need is optimal keep that in mind vegetarian and vegan bodybuilding oh good I almost dread even talking about this because people get their buttholes all on a clamp over this I have a tendency to piss vegans off I don't care when anybody says vegan and vegetarian diet is not optimal for sports performance it just isn't it's just the science bears out that it's not you know sure you can do well with it and you know this you know this and that documentary shows people that have done well with it yes yes yes yes yes yes you can be an athlete and be a vegan but we're talking about optimal here and you know don't treat your diet like a religion okay it's not dogma you know vegetarian and vegan diet is suboptimal you know just like a keto diet is probably suboptimal for putting on size and a carnivore diet is suboptimal for putting on size you know it's not to say you can you can so yeah you know with the thing with being vegan you need you need to mix most vegetables and plants or plant most plants plant foods do not have all the necessary amino acids for muscle protein synthesis there if you do so I'm being one of them but you just can't get all the amino acids that you need in the right qualities it without consuming excess carbs that is very difficult and you have to mix sources you have to be very diligent about it you have to make sure you're mixing the vegetables together to get the amino acids so it does have complete amino acids change but it you know it takes a lot think you know this is let's think about you know let's think about tofu which is what people most people eat for or soy protein powder tofu using tofu as your protein source it takes 940 calories of tofu to get 50 grams of protein you only have to eat 200 grams of chicken breasts to get 50 grams of protein if you're trying to get in 2 300 grams of protein a day you're going to get fat you just can't eat enough tofu I mean you're having to eat so much fucking tofu to get the the same amount that you would from chicken breast you're just going to get fat the same thing with other vegetables you know like mixing beans and rice you know it's good to take a shit tonic calories from beans and rice to get the amount of calories that you would get from a chicken breast I'm also a lot of plant products I know people don't want to hear this but it calls inflammation soy a lot of people have allergies you know or sensitivities to soy and they can cause inflammation a lot of plant products also have fight-oestrogens and we know that estrogen is the enemy of being lean and bodybuilding you know you need some estrogen but once again we're talking about optimization and then I what is ideal I would say it's almost impossible to achieve ideal body composition being being a vegan or vegetarian you know you're just going to have the protein powders and we already know the protein powders are an ideal and you know one thing I would like to point out to is you know vegans and vegetarians that don't pay attention to their amino acid intake we've all seen those vegans on YouTube that look like they're dying you know they look like cancer patients and it's because they're they have a severe amino acid deficiency and when you don't have amino acids in your body essential amino acids the ones that your body can't make on their own what do you think happens your body starts breaking down its own tissue to get those amino acids it becomes catabolic not a good place to be that's why the lot of you'll see a lot of vegans it look like their second dying they're malnourished you know I don't want to slam veganism as a choice I get the ethical make it the ethical reasons for it but it is suboptimal for bodybuilding. Optimizing your diet so what we want to do we keep talking about optimization we want quality animal protein sources for our bodybuilding diet choose animal protein sources that are easily digestible as well you know something makes you feel sick and bloated and you know that's not good for pound of food to get big equally distributed throughout the day we want to eat five to six meals a day with balanced amounts of protein and it you know the same amount of protein we need to meal and every two to three hours and this will promote stable amino acid levels in the body. Stay away from protein founders we talked about that already too fast digesting they a lot of people can digest them well they upset my stomach if I have them too many of them even the way isolates store I upset my stomach. Eat low fat as low fat protein sources as you can you can get chicken breasts 99% ground turkey white fish 96% lean at ground beef lean steaks we're gonna get our fats from other sources that give us essential fatty acids another thing you body can't bite when it's on you know improve a better health so we we want to stay away from the saturated fats that are in meats keep our arteries will be clogged up and protein we've established that we want to eat between one and one point five grams per pound of body weight with less carbs you're probably need less protein because carbohydrates and then high insulin state in the body is muscle sparing protein sparing okay and you probably need a little more protein when you're eating less carbs okay if you want to maintain muscle tissue you know those are the basics and what we want to do thank you for watching my video hopefully this was helpful please like and subscribe I can a lot of people watch my videos not many people subscribing I really appreciate it if you subscribe it helps me with the YouTube overlords I'm open the video suggestions if you need if you have ideas things you want me to record let me know I'm have muscle happy to answer questions in the comments section please leave your comments below and questions below and follow me on Instagram and Paul K Barnett thank you have a great day

=== FILE: Proviron (Mesterolone) - Steroid Profile - Anabolic Bodybuilding [KNtsaC0hg8E].txt ===

Proviron, Mr. alone, steroid profile. Proviron's kind of a unique steroid. It's kind of a utility tool. It's one of those things if you have the money to use it. It is expensive. It can help out. I don't know if the benefit versus cost ratio weighs out unless you have the money to burn. We'll go into it. I've used Proviron quite a bit. Some people don't use it at all. Think it's a waste of time and it's ineffective. I'll talk about my experiences and what I think about it. Anyway, let's dig in. Let's take a look at Proviron here. So properties of Proviron. It is classified as an antigenic steroid only. It says it on the box. The antigen must be true. It is a structurally altered form of DHT. Out of the DHT derivatives, it is the one that is most closely similar to DHT. Effectively in the body, it pretty much is DHT. It's just an oral DHT. The only thing that has been changed from the original DHT molecule is an addition of a methyl group at the one carbon position. What this addition does is allow it to be absorbed through the body or early. What's unique about this is it doesn't have hepatitis, it's like a C-17 AA. But it's also not as absorbed as effectively as C-17 AA oral steroid. The antigenic to anabolic ratings on this can be a bit confusing or misleading. It is an antigenic rating of 30 to 40, but yet it's a strong antigen. It's because of how it binds to the antigen receptor. It binds very strongly to the antigen receptor. An anabolic rating of 100 to 150. So it's technically tire than test in an antigenic rating, but it has almost zero anabolic effect. It's an unmeasurable on the body. And this is due to being rapidly reduced to a dial on metabolite and the muscle just like DHT. Remember, it is essentially DHT. What it does do is it's strong abines to sex, hormone binding, globulin, SHBG. What this does is potentiate other steroids to work better by freeing them up instead of them being in a bound state with the SHBG. Your other steroids are going to work better when you take perviron. Typically you could probably use lower doses when everything else if you're using perviron with it. I have not put that to test, but in theory, that would be true. It also has somewhat of an anti-estrogen effect like Mastron does, so it slows the conversion of other steroids into estrogen. It was originally released in 1937. It was used to treat low libido and increase endogen levels in men. And of course, we already mentioned it is an oral steroid. Androgenic steroid, not endogenic anabolic. It's not an AAS. It's an AS. Sex of perviron decreased SHBG as we already established increased sex drive. Mild, imitation, inhibition, if I can fucking speak of aromatase. A week, very weak anabolic action and a very strong endrogenic action. Side effects of perviron. It's very mild. It's pretty safe. There's no estrogenic side effects. No progestinic side effects. There are risk of endogenic side effects. While as a low endogenic rating, it still can cause issues because of strongly binds with their subter. It can cause hair loss. And five A are inhibitors. Don't work since it doesn't directly convert into DHT. This is true with all the DHT derived steroids. Keep that in mind. It does strongly skew lipids and higher doses. A study showed that 100 million grand dose for six months calls a 19% decrease in LDL and a HDL. Sorry, and a 65% increase in LDL. Always get LDL and HDL backwards. It has a very, very, very weak suppression of natural testosterone. So weak that it in studies showed that it doses less than 150 million grams per day. There was no measurable suppression of natural testosterone. So theory, if you wanted to take this while off completely off, your natural testosterone would work more effectively. Free more up to be free test. I will tell you in my experience when I've gotten my free test measured after using it, it is fucking crazy high. It's like insane. My doctor, my doctor was like, this has to be an incorrect breathing. It was so high. Women, it does maximize women. So yeah, probably shouldn't use it unless you want to be a dude. Applications for a perverant. Fat loss phases. This is probably a decent time to use it. Suppressing the SHBG to free up on the steroids to work more effectively and suppressing estrogen conversion. So you want to get the most out of the least. Suppressing estrogen, get a harder look. This has probably been official during, you know, andgerns hardening up as well. So this would give you a beneficial look during contests prep. For cruising or coming off completely, I think this is an overlooked application. You know, people, you know, what time's guys crash when they go from high doses down to TRT and have estrogen gets out of control and just, you know, sex drive goes to shit. You know, so this, I would think would help correct that. I have not put that theory to test yet. I don't have those issues when I cruise, but you're going to suppress estrogen. You're going to increase sex drive and you're going to free, create more free tests by combining up SHBG. So I think it would have a perfect application for coming off or cruising. I don't know why more people don't use it that way. You know, maybe somebody could correct me on that, but I have heard very few people using it in those situations, but I would think looking at the properties of the drug, it would be ideal for those situations. Providence half life. It's 12 hour half life. So you probably want to take a twice a day. If you want to keep peak concentrations in the blood cycles and doses, male beginner dose, 25 milligrams per day, intermediate dose, 50 milligrams per day advanced dose, 50 plus milligrams a day. I haven't really heard of anybody taking more than 100 milligrams per day. But probably, are people to do? I usually run 50 on contests, you know, maybe 25 if I was in another state. Now if you were on cruise, I wanted to add, you know, 25 to 50 milligrams would probably be plenty females, like I said, don't use it unless you want to be a dude. But that's what you're called. It is a straight-and-age in this far as you're concerned and you want to stay away from the managers if you're a woman. Mike's experience makes me horny as fuck. Sometimes it's out of control. So that's just something to keep in mind. If you need help in that area, it's going to give you some help. Hardens me up. Not in that way, guys. It definitely makes me a harder look, more vainy. Also, good for contests prep. I forward my estro-dial marginally. It wasn't anything crazy, but I've seen on blood work that estro-dial does decrease a bit when you're on it. Similar to Master Hon, I would say. I like to use a load of dose every once in a while. When estrogen is an issue or sex drive is an issue, like I said, I think it would be good to use on cruise. So notable side effects. I didn't have any side effects with it. It didn't mess with my lipids at all. Although I take a ton of fish oil, I think fish oil has a counter-ax some of those problems. It is expensive as fuck. I don't know why it's so expensive. It's one of the oldest ones that I would assume easy to manufacture, but it's pretty expensive compared to other steroids. I think it's like a cherry on a Sunday. If you got the money to burn, by all means added in, Master Hon likely does the same thing. Maybe better because it is antibiotic, whereas the provider is not, so maybe run just a little more Master Hon and you'll probably get the same effect. But it does have that strong SHBG binding effect that I don't think Master Hon is quite as effectively. It is like the cherry on the Sunday. If you got the money to burn, you might want to add it to your contest stack. Thank you for watching my video. Please like and subscribe. I need subscribers. A lot of people are watching my videos. Nobody's subscribing. Very few. It's a very small percentage, but if you like my videos, you want me to make more of these things. I would appreciate it if you subscribe. Feel free to ask questions in the comments section and I'll do my best to answer all of them. And if there are other videos you would like me to make. I am open to suggestions. I would be happy to make other videos. I've had some pretty good suggestions for I haven't. Several people reach out to me. I've got some good ideas. I've been keeping notes of things I want to make. I will have them on deck. So thank you for those suggestions. I may do some Q&A as the channel grows. But anyway, follow me on Instagram and Paul K. Barnett. And thank you for having a great day.

=== FILE: Shawn Rhoden Dead [zkt_nctEYmI].txt ===

I heard this morning I had Sean Rodden passed away. My thoughts of going out to his family. I don't know if he had a small child and worse for you as a father as leaving a child behind with no parent. You know, so my thoughts are out to his family. Reportedly he passed away at a heart attack. I don't know that that's been confirmed yet but I heard that through reliable sources that that's what happened. But who knows? We'll find out. It's just a reminder to us about a building to pay attention to your health. I don't want to lecture. We all take chances with our health even at the amateur level of guys, Jim Bros. What not? People attending nor health issues. The two things that seem to kill bodybuilders, the most are heart attacks in kidney disease. One of the things you really need to pay attention to when you're doing things is cardio vascular health. Most of the time kidney disease is caused by high blood pressure. High blood pressure increases cardio vascular occurrence risk. So maintaining your lipids, making sure your lipids are in check, keeping your blood sugar in check, keeping your blood pressure in check. These things will go a long way to helping you live. Not to say things can happen. Sean could have had a genetic issue where you had a weak heart or some sort of cardiovascular disease. We don't know that. Good pass away on the way. Just be mindful of it. You work take risk. Drawing a race car around a race track is risky. Playing football is risky. Climbing a mountain is risky. Anytime you leave the house, you're taking a risk. But you can do things to mitigate your risk. Make a blood pressure seriously. Keep your diet clean, do cardio. Things like that that can help mitigate smart andabolic use. Things like that can go a long way to maintaining your longevity. Anyway, I don't want to ran on this. But you know, I wish Sean's family all the best. And I hope they find peace.

=== FILE: Steroids, Bodybuilding, and Erectile Dysfunction (E.D.) - Anabolic Bodybuilding [tsc6An5JRfA].txt ===

ED in body building steroids body building interactile defunction. Oh my. It's a topic. A lot of guys that want to talk about, but a lot of people struggle with. You know, when you're messing with your hormones and doing all the extreme stuff that you're doing about it building, you can cause all kinds of issues. Um, anybody who's been doing this for a while is experienced it and they know what I'm talking about. I'm going to go through it. Hopefully, help you out with some resolutions and prevention and to keep you from going through those. Try moments where you're doubting yourself. Have no idea if it's going to work or not. Before I do that, please comment, like and subscribe. You know the drill. We get a lot of people watching my videos not many people subscribing. I didn't appreciate it if you subscribe. If you find the information valuable. And if you want to keep up with what's going on with me, you can follow me on Instagram at Paul K. Barnmet. Thank you. All right. So let's dig into this. So ED is usually a warning sign of other problems. I don't know if people have any idea. And they're like, if I can just take some, take some Viper that'll fix the issue. And a lot of times it will. It's, you know, hitting the nail with the hammer. It'll work, but you're not fixing the underlying cause of it. It's an often it's a warning sign of other things going on with your health. There could be some serious things going on with your health or it could be other less serious things. Listen to your body. I found most of the time that it is resolvable without the use of things like Viper or CLS. If you know what you're looking for, get blood worked on, find out where you're at. And, you know, then you can go from there. But, you know, some common causes of EDM bodybuilding. The most common thing is hormonal ebalances. You are fucking with your hormones. And getting an interaction is going to require a complex soup of hormones to be in alignment for everything to work. And when you're fucking with your hormones, you're messing that balance up. Having your testosterone too low. I know a lot of guys like to do things like mandrelone, only cycles. I've done them before myself. My test was zero. Nothing wanted to work. I had no sex drive. It was because I had no testosterone. I had high-progesterone, high-prolactin, high-orelow estrogen, low DHT. These all can mess things up and make things not work. Poor health, heart disease, blood vessels, poor blood flow, high cholesterol, high blood pressure, diabetes, kidney disease, heart failure. I mean, these things, you know, all of these things can cause issues with performing. Other cause are stimulative abuse. A lot of guys, you know, pound and monsters and pre-workout all day long. Alcohol abuse and recreational drug abuse, along with with the bodybuilding lifestyle. They don't mix lack of sleep, overtraining. Anyone who's done contests prep knows that last month or so. Yeah, ain't happening. Everybody goes to just part of the contests prep. Which I can say there's a way to avoid it, but is what it is. I'm dealing with a hormonal issue. I find that most of the time when you guys have problems, it's with hormonal and balances. I, you know, if you want to stay performing and feel good, I think you should be running a base of tests at all times. You're not going to do a lot. HRT levels, 152 million, millions of weeks should be enough to keep things working. Ashergen, ashergen is the funny one. You get a two high. Things don't work. You get a two low things don't work. My general experience in bodybuilding is guys overuse anti-assurgen and crush their estrogen and then they have no sex drive in the P.B.s. So instead of just blasting anti-assurgen's, find out where your estrogen's actually at on blood work. I think it was like 20 bucks to add an estradial test to my blood work. It's not expensive at all. Approverly use anti-assurgen's. You know, you may not need them. If you don't need them, then don't use them. If your estrogen's too high, and that's causing issues, then using appropriate amount to get it back down. Low DHT, a lot of guys are overly concerned. Well, I wouldn't say overly concerned, but they're concerned about losing their hair and causing prostate issues. So they, they, you know, crush the five AR inhibitors. You know, those will cause ED issues. You get your DHT to low things won't work. Rather than using the five AR inhibitors, don't use AAS that convert to DHT through five AR. There's an idea. You know, that, that will save you. Proviron, his will help, you know, if you get yourself in those situations. Prolactin issues. This one has gotten me before. Nantilons, if you go too crazy with an angel on's, it seems to be the one for me, uh, deck I will do it to people. Well, you know, deck I MPP, if you overdo the Nantilons, they tend to raise prolactin and progesterone, and then you end up having issues because of that. So, you know, that causes you issues, moderate the doses or don't use them at all. I'm dealing with health related ED issues. Keep your blood pressure and check. Always a good idea. No matter what, monitor your blood pressure with a cough, take take it every day. I have a cough. I use every day. Use BP meds. They help do cardio. Avoid heavy, engine use. Blood flow issues. If you have blood flow issues, using fish oil, doing cardio once again. Baby aspirin, take a statin to keep your class for all and check. So, you see your blood isn't sludge from pencil with that. Lodos, Seattle, every other day or every third day. Elevated blood sugars and when blood sugars get up, you can have issues. You know, some monitor your blood sugar, you're fasting blood sugar, keep track of it. Using metphorometer or a basal insulin, cutting back your carbs, you know, avoiding sugars, simple sugars that can go a long way. And saving you in that area. My experience, the angel loans have caused me a ton of issues. I remember the first time I used training. That was the first time I ever had any issues with EDI. Number of any issues before that. And I used training and then things were working. I was in a full blown panic. I had no idea why I didn't know why things went in the work. With the help was going on. It put me in a full blown panic. I also found out the no amount of Ayagra or CELAS if you're proactive in prayer like to get to high will help. It just doesn't work. Sometimes you can get to the work, but it's just, you know, you got to get that back under control for things to work. Um, load us CELAS in general does help if you can tolerate it. Um, so it was because me headaches makes me feel like shit makes me feel like I have a cold. I fucking hated. But if I were to use it, it'd probably do something like five milligrams every third day. Very low to us enough enough to help with the blood flow issues. Fix the hormonal issues first and you don't need things like anti-assusions or DE5 inhibitors. Less drugs is always better. Find the ones that work that don't cause issues use those. You know, I, I have found that almost everybody I talked to that uses a PDE5 inhibitor. You know, you know, they're, you know, you don't need them. If you get your hormonal issues fixed, you know, vagrancy else are great, but you don't have to have them. High blood sugar racks being what I'm about blood sugar gets crazy high things that work. Five AR inhibitors like Proscar for Pisa, Avadar are almost 100% guaranteed to give you the, just been my experience. I have, I've almost everybody I know that have used them have issues. You'll keep your hair, but things won't work. Anyway, thank you for watching the video. Please like and subscribe as I mentioned. If you have any questions, feel free to ask questions. If you have other videos you'd like me to make. I'd be happy to make them and follow me on this Instagram. If you would have keep up with what's going on at Paul K Barnett. Have a great day.

=== FILE: Testosterone Cycle Basics - Anabolic Bodybuilding [pS2OeJj_a8I].txt ===

right today we're going to look at testosterone doses and cycles for bodybuilding size before diggin to this is not a prescription not a recommendation not an endorsement for PD is um... this is about harm reduction and people are going to do this stuff regardless you know there's not much you can say or due to the sweet somebody He's in tan on doing it. Always the safest thing to do is not use drugs at all. Or work with a medical doctor and get a prescription and make sure it's managed by a medical doctor. Be smart about things. But I also don't want to hide from information. I think two people in the past will lie about what really happens and part of harm reduction is understand what people use and what's out there. And also people don't do stupid shit or avoid doing stupid shit than other people have done. Before we get into it, please take a time to like, subscribe and comment. If you like my videos, I really appreciate it. If you subscribe to my channel, I get a lot of people watching my videos, but not a lot subscribing. It helps with the YouTube gods. Anyway, so let's dig into this considerations for a test hypertrophy. So first of all, a lot of the stuff I covered in my testosterone profile video, but I kind of want to rehash it. So make sure we understand what testosterone is, how it works. So these are just some of the basics. So testosterone is the parent male hormone. And it's the master male hormone. It is the hormone that all other steroids are derived from. All right. So just remember that every other metabolic, energetic steroid is a derivative of testosterone form or fashion. It can be derived. I consider some of you disagree, but I consider testosterone to be essential for male health and well-being. You need some level of testosterone in your body if you don't want to feel like shit. My experience is that you feel the best when you run a test base. It's what most people do. It's not saying you have to. You don't have to. If you don't like having a sex drive, if you don't like having erections and do you. Just say there are consequences when you don't run a test base. Maybe with the only exception being an award doesn't seem to shut you down. You can still keep your natural test running while taking it in a bar to a certain degree. Also consider that test converts to other hormones when building your cycles. It's a perlormone of sorts. Test converts into estrogen. 20% on average is the rate that it aromatizes through to estrogen through the arromatezins. I'm also going to have a video up about that if you want to stay with the arromatezins. Keep in mind when you're building your cycle. If your body fat is really high, you probably don't want to run a high dose of testosterone because more of it is going to contribute to estrogen as arromatezins is made in the fat cells in the male body primarily. The fat are you or the more you're going to aromatize test into estrogen and it's just self-defeating loop where you just get fat and fatter. You'll see it in the gym. You'll see the dudes that are loaded up on testosterone that just keep getting fat and fatter and they don't look better. Who I'm talking about. If you are a high body fat percentage, you may want to consider running lower dose of testosterone, something that doesn't aromatize. Test also converts to DHT dihydro-testosterone. 10% on average conversion rate through the 5A are in the varies from different people. Some people can have more heavily. Also if you are a super sensitive to DHT symptoms, you may want to consider running lower doses of tests. Sometimes it would be benign, prostate, hyperplasia, where you're a prostate gets swollen up, hair loss, mescalization and things like that. If you want to avoid those side effects you may want to run a lower dose of tests, you can use a 5A are in inhibitor. My experience with 5A are inhibitors is that they cause erectile dysfunction at almost everybody that uses them. Just with my experience. When you get super high doses, the test flu, you have to consider that to there's a certain dose that you reach, where it just makes you sick. Base dose calculations for men, but no means the gospel is just kind of a rule of thumb. At least what I have seen in the bodybuilding community. Also keep in mind when you're 150 pounds and just starting out, you don't need to run the dose that a 300 pound mass monster, big ramen is running. It's not going to help you. You're not going to get any bigger. It's just not going to work. You've got to keep in mind the bigger you are, the more hydrogen receptors you have, and the more you need. The more you need, it's just that simple. It's like any other medicine, the bigger you are, the bigger the dose. The more advanced you are, the more you need to maintain what you have. Always get the least or the most out of the least amount possible. When you start now, you know, just a very little bit, it's going to make a huge difference. You don't need much. Only increased doses if you hit a roadblock, I will tell you that bigger doses are a trail, just lead to more side effects. They don't really lead to much more growth. I've tried it both ways, and I'm telling you, huge amounts just make you sick. When you sick, you can't grow. It really is that simple. What I have seen for crews, doses, TRT, somewhere in the, you know, one milligram per pound of body weight range. For example, if you're a 200 pound male, 200 milligrams is more than enough for a cruise dose or TRT, you're bigger you're going to need a little bit more. A beginner blast, size blast, less than two years of lifting, you know, maybe your first second, third cycle, somewhere around two milligrams per pound of body weight. So if you're a 200 pound body, you know, the 400 milligrams range per week is probably going to get your good results. For media, it's 3.5 advanced, which is like when I'm talking about advanced, I'm talking about you're knocking on the door to get new pro card or you already have your pro card. You know, it's a 200 pound body builder can use up to a thousand milligrams per week. Keep in mind that's not saying you have to use that much. Always use the least possible. That's just typically what I see. I've talked quite a few coaches and quite a few provided builders, most provided builders are running somewhere between 750 milligrams to 1.25 grams per week. That's just what I've seen. Some last, some more depending on who they are, the smart guys are running less. They last longer. You know, it's like I've heard that texture jacks will never ram much and got body buildings until you 50. You're constructing stacks. So test, test is the base and test works well as the base of a stack with another anabolic one top of it. You can run cycles without test. You don't need test as I mentioned earlier. You're just not going to have any sex drive and you might risk erectile dysfunction. You don't need a big dose. You can run a really small dose of test. As I mentioned, you can run just a TRT dose in stacking anabolic on top of it, something like equipoys or anandrolone or premable and you don't need a huge dose of test. Size building. Test in one anabolic is probably the best thing. You don't mean 50 different steroids. You don't need DHB, you don't need TRN, you don't need all of these exotic hormones to get big. Just do the basics. I promise you, talk to quite a few people that are pros. I talk to coaches that coach pros. They don't run the crazy shit that all your gym broke through. They just don't. They just don't. You're not going to last a long time if you're running a fucking TRT on your round. I promise you, or if you're running meant you're not going to last long enough to get as big as a pro bodybuilder. It is a long game. You have to do stuff that's sustainable over a long period of time in remain healthy enough to get that big. If you're redlining your engine all the time, you're not going to make it to that us. So test them when anabolic. Choose an anabolic that agrees with your body. So don't force it. This is something that a lot of people are guilty of. I've been guilty of in the past. You really like the way something makes you look, but it gives you all kinds of shitty side effects. If it gives you shitty side effects, and you have to take more drugs to manage those side effects, it's not productive. Like the stuff that gives you the least amount of side effects, and you can take in the large dose without side effects. Personally, I like things like tests. I mean, test in pre-mo would be my favorite. If you can find real pre-mo ball and then afford it, pre-mo doesn't have a lot of side effects, test by itself to be honest with you. If you're moderate with the doses, just fine. In your body fats, in a reasonable place, just fine. Test in EQ is an alternative. Test in Nandrolone is my favorite for size, but Nandrolone doesn't always agree with me. Sometimes it causes guino. Makes me anxious. Other people have that issue. Some people get ED from it. From the pro-lect and build up, rather than taking shit like bromo and whatever to deal with that, just don't use Nandrolone. Use something else. It's not that big of a difference. That drugs are always better. Avoid orals. I don't know what the fascination is that the guys have with orals. Oh, I'm going to take some, man, to draw. I'm going to take some deep ball. These drugs are garbage. And I promise you that most pros are not running that shit in the off season. They aren't. They just aren't. They make a sick. They curb your appetite. They impair your liver function. They fuck up your lipids. They call stomach issues. They get into gestion. How productive do you think all that stuff is for building size long term? Not very productive. Not very productive. If you feel sick, if your liver is not functioning at the highest level, if you have plaque build up, your stomach subset, you're not going to be able to get big. You're just not. Avoid harsh comments like trim. Save their for contest prep. If you can't sleep, if you're anxious, if you have sexual dysfunction, lower to appetite, all these things that stuff like trim and mint and things like that do, how productive is after getting big? You want to be able to sleep. You want to be nice and chill. If you're worried about not being able to get a boner, that's an issue. If you're appetite is lowered, that's an issue. Stick with the stuff that allows you to eat, sleep, get big. I think sometimes people must stay side effects for effects. The shidier something makes you feel the more they think it's working. That's not always the truth. Like long term when you're building your cycles, try to construct cycles that require as little estrogen and side effect management as possible. I've already talked about this. If you have to take more drugs to justify taking the drugs that you're already taking, it's probably not a choice. Bit choice. More drugs always equals more problems and more side effects in a less healthy body. Not as good as a girl as much. Bodybuilding is a game of years not in months you have to think in terms of years. Is this sustainable for five or ten years? Ten years on average to turn pro. That's what Steve Weinberger said. It was close to ten years that they average, pro trained diligently and probably use PEDs before they turn pro. Can you sustain what you're doing for ten years? I would say most people are the answers going to be no. So moderate use, low term, side effects, long term thinking is what gets you big. My experience for first cycle I would just recommend trying test only. Maybe, and if you want to dip your toe in the pool, but I think test only is probably the smartest approach. Run it to your T-dose to see how you respond. If you get a lot of estrogenic side effects, you'll know that you probably need to stay away from stuff that aromatize heavily. If everything goes well on the first cycle, try test in an antibiotic for your next one. It'll be test in an angelone. Let's see how you respond. If you go out to gate use in two compounds and you have side effects, you don't know which one is causing the issues so you can't make adjustments. So start off with one. See how it goes. Then another compound, then see how it goes. Don't go adding a bunch of stuff. The more stuff you add, the more variables you have, the less you know what's going on and you can't make smart adjustments moving forward. When you're starting out, you're just trying to figure out what works for you. That's probably the most important thing. What you respond to, what causes the least amount of side effects. That's what you're trying to establish when you first start. I've tried test as high as 1.25 grams, 1250 milligrams a week. All it did was make me feel sick. That's a full-x shit. 520 to 1000 seems to be the sweet spot for me around 270 right now. More than one gram, they call it the test flu. Where you just feel like you're flu, you run a mild fever, you feel sick, you can't train. If you can't train, if you feel sick, then that's not productive either. You're taking too much. I've also found anything more than 750 milligrams for me requires serious estrogen management, especially as my body fat creeps higher. So when my body fat's high, I have to be very low with my doses of test and run antibiotics or even better just don't let your body fat get that high. I'll do another video on this, but cycling on and off seems counterproductive to me. You're going to do eight weeks on, eight weeks off. You're going to lose this about everything you gain on the eight weeks off. If you're scared, then just don't take them. That's just my opinion. It's cycle on and off any other medicine. You don't cycle on and off your blood pressure medicine. cycle on and off birth control. It just seems counterproductive to me. It's not going to give you long term results. If you're, you know, I would just say if you're concerned, if you're that concerned, then just don't take them to begin with. The safest route is just not taking them. I will say once you start, it is a slippery slope. I will give everybody that warning. And it's not because of some physiological reason that you'll not stop. You know, people think that you can't recover your natural test levels. It was on for five years straight. Came off, recovered, just fine. Had two kids afterwards. No issues. I'm not saying that some people can't be permanently shut down. I guess it probably gets worse as you get older. But I had no issues. And then it's not to say you're not. But the slippery slope is the psychological need for addiction, I guess. Once you've trained enhanced, going back to training natural sucks, it's just the truth. You feel mortal. And the lot's empty. You don't realize you're on until you come off. That's when you guys realize, oh, this is what if you like to train natural. So I forewarn you. I would only go down this route if you're pushing to be a professional athlete or maybe if you're over 40 and you're running TRT and HRT, that's a different ball game. That's kind of the area that I'm in right now. You know, hormone replacement therapy with the doctor management managing it. That's a different ball game. But I'm telling you, once you come on, it's like getting a bit of the vampire. You're not coming off. So I just, you know, unless you want to make that commitment, just stay away from it all together. For me, personally, I get the best size results from Tested Natural. One thing I will point out, if you do use natural loan, I strongly advise using NPP because it's in and out of your system. Fast, I know people have the obsession with Deca. And you don't need to take frequent shots with Deca, but Deca stays in your system for a really fucking long time. If you start having proactive issues with Gino and erectile dysfunction, you're looking at months to get that Deca cleared out of your system that you could be dealing with these problems. And I don't think taking these other drugs to deal with the side effects of proactive and some already there. So I would just say, using P.P. if you start noticing side effects, come off, NPP will clear out quick. In days, it starts, you know, I think they have life on the proponent and Esther's, something like two days. So it's going to be cleared out of your system in a couple weeks. You know, you can be back to a normal base level and you can bring your the progestinic in proactive effects and the proactive and back to normal naturally without having to use other drugs. That's my two cents. I like fast-asters in general, just you know, except for maybe test. So that way you can ratchet things up quickly and come off quick, think, in case you have issues. Anyway, thank you. That's all I have. Please like and subscribe as I mentioned before. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comment section. If there are other videos you'd like me to make, please let me know. I'm happy to do so. And if you're going to keep up with it, let's go on with me. You can follow me on this ingredient at Paul K Barnett. Have a great day.

=== FILE: Testosterone Steroid Profile - Anabolic Bodybuilding [TRX8TC_DdMY].txt ===

testosterone, the master hormone for all antibiotics steroids. I'm going to discuss testosterone with you and why I think it's the most important hormone to understand. I do believe firmly before you take any performance enhancing substances and antibiotics steroids. Whatever, it's probably smart to learn how they work, what they do, what effect it has on your body. And testosterone is the key to all other antibiotics steroids. Here, this is the one on one course on antibiotics steroids. You start with testosterone first. I also believe that understanding how test works will lead you to make better choices and the cycles you choose later on. I think people make a lot of really dumb decisions when it comes to antibiotics that are nothing based in logic or reason or science, whatever. The one thing I will tell you before you jump into anything, do your research, take the time to learn, and get your information from quality sources. I highly recommend Bill Luellen's antibiotics reference. It's considered the Bible of antibiotics steroids. It is the most complete, at least that I know of the most complete catalog of every antibiotics steroid and what it does and hot works. It's such a Santa Balak steroids to other performance enhancing drugs as well. PubMed, you can find articles there as well. It's not a ton of research on antibiotics, and regards to athletes, you can look at it in old studies and whatnot for general popper, side effects and how the side effects work and how they're mitigated. Also, understanding the science of the hormone, how things break down, how things affect the body. There's so many myths and just bullshit out there. Be aware of bad information to there's so much bad information out on the internet. If you read it on the internet and watch it on YouTube, there's a better than a 50-50 shot that is bullshit or wrong. I'm not saying I'm the Bill, but I've done a fair amount of research on my own. I've had quality coaches that have shared information with me. I've talked to medical doctors. I think I understand it better than most, and I'm not saying I'm the foremost expert on things, but I do have a general grasp of how things work, and hopefully my information can help others for making the same mistakes I've made in the past. Just because a pro bodybuilder says something, keep this in mind, doesn't mean it's true. A lot of pro bodybuilders are fucking idiots. They don't have to brain cells to rub together. There are some very smart ones. There's some guys out there, John Meadows just passed away, got rest of Seoul. He was fantastic. John, you had some really good information. There are others out there that have fantastic information as well. These coach gurus that are out there, there's somebody on them that popped up on the internet now. It's just a bazillion and one of these different gurus. Some of them know what they're talking about. Some of them that are just making shit up. I see a lot of these guys putting out complex cycles. With all these crazy fucking ramping up and ramping down and doing this and taking this before you, you have sex and whatever, and it's just all fucking bullshit. I think they just make stuff up to be different to say, hey, look, look at me. I have some information that somebody else doesn't. The bread and butter stuff, keeping things simple, works the best typically. I even heard a so-called well-respected coach, a guy who coaches used to coach Mr. Olympia competitors. I don't know that he still does talking on an interview recently. And he even understand the difference between a sermon and a sermon. I had no fucking clue what the difference was between the two of them. He was talking about how insulin works. He was completely wrong. Completely wrong on how insulin works. No clue. Guy was an idiot. And I can't believe that people actually... Olympia competitors use this guy. It's just an un-fucking-believeable to me. So never, ever, ever take what your coach says as fact. Do your own research ask questions. And if your coach gets buttered because you ask questions, you probably have the wrong coach. Find somebody else new that will answer your questions and put you in the right direction. So important properties of testosterone to understand. As mentioned before, all antibiotics steroids are modifications of the testosterone molecule. And as hard as it is to believe, you know, trends seem like something completely different. And unique to it's on, but it is ultimately a derivative of testosterone and an antrolone from testosterone. You know, so, you know, this is why it's important to understand how testosterone works because everything comes off that testosterone tree ultimately. You know, we have DHT, Nantrolone, and the testosterone derivatives from that. And they all break down from there. So testosterone is a thing a lot of people don't know. It's a poor hormone of a bit. Essentially, it is a poor hormone. It does have secondary conversion to other hormones that, you know, people often see manifested as side effects. So, for example, roughly 20% of testosterone converts into estrogen through a aromatase through the aromatase enzyme. DHT, testosterone also converts into DHT through the five alpha reductase enzyme. These conversions into other hormones can cause side effects sometimes. So, for example, a lot of people are very familiar with estrogenic side effects. You have things like kind of comastia, bloat, things like that. And people get overly consumed with it. Now, keep in mind, these conversion rates are very unique to the individual. So, with estrogen in mind, estrogen conversion is very dependent upon your body composition. The leaner you are the less testosterone converts into estrogen. And the fatter you are the more testosterone converts in the estrogen. DHT also is a varies between certain people as well the conversion to DHT. So, it is somewhat dependent upon genetics and body composition. So, keep that in mind. Leaner guys can often get away without even using aromatase inhibitors. So, you know, when using high doses of testosterone. The endogenic, the testosterone has, you know, two primary expressions at the cellular level. It's an energetic properties which are responsible for the masculinization of the body. So, for example, growth of body hair. Deep invoices, development of sex organs. Yes, this is why women that take testosterone essentially end up growing the clits into penis. It has, it will, you know, in effect, turn you into a man. Increased aggression, libido. These are all examples of the endogenic properties of testosterone. Anabolic properties of testosterone increase protein synthesis. Improved body composition. Increased bone remodeling. Increased anibalism. You know, these are things as body builders that we are most interested in. You know, there is something to be said for some of the endogenic properties. You know, a good sex drive is nice. You know, having a bit more aggression to be nice in the gym. But they aren't necessary to be a body builder. We can get into that later. You know, so with this in mind, all other steroids are rated based off of testosterone. Testosterone is the base of what all of these steroids are rating. I'm sure some of you have seen these anabolic to anogenic rating systems. So, for example, trend has a rating of 500 to 500. That just means that trend expresses itself the the anabolic and endogenic properties at five times a higher rate than testosterone does. How the endogenic cannabolic properties of tests are exerted. Most people have a loose familiarity with this, but there is a locking key system within the cell. The cellular receptor site freaks test in the bloodstream is available to interact with the various cells via the cellular receptor site. This is true with other steroid hormones. Cell that have endogenic receptors include muscle, skin, scalp, kidney, bone, prostate, CNS. When test is in the bloodstream, it binds with the receptor site in the cell to exert its activity. It only binds with cells that have the proper receptor sites. If other cells don't have an injured receptor, so they will have no effect on those. After bound to the receptor sites, the receptor then migrates to the cells in your kidneys. It activates a genetic response. Every genetic response is individual. For example, I never had hair on my back until I took anabolic steroids and now I have a gorilla back. I had a full head of hair and took a trend and then I lost all the hair on the top of my head. Some people have shit genetics and experience all the side effects and none of the good stuff. I tend to do both. I get a gorilla muscle and I grow hair and when my back and my ears and lose the hair on the top of my head. Some people don't have any strong response to the steroids when it comes to protein synthesis and ananibalism. They just don't grow. It doesn't matter how much you take, you can't change your genetics. Not saying that that may be the answer. You could have shit nutrition or you training. You could suck. There could be other factors in there. But some people just can't grow muscle. It's just the way it is. Other people, there's other guys that don't do one cycle of gain of shit ton. They take barely take anything and they have a crazy response. That's genetically dependent. The performance and enhancing benefits of testosterone increase protein synthesis. Obviously this is important if we want to grow a new muscle. Increase recovery. The benefit of training harder and more frequently with more volume. Obviously that's going to grow more muscle too. Improve body composition. One of the most important things in body building is staying lean while being big. Everybody wants to improve body composition. It's a catabolic effect. So if you're dieting and you don't want to lose muscle it protects muscle loss from muscle loss. Increase red blood cell count. This can be a good and a bad increase red blood cell count means more oxygen. Available in better performance in the gym better performance in endurance activities. Everybody knows Lanslarm strong. That was the key benefit he was looking for from the PDC was using. More red blood cells means more oxygen means better performance on his bicycle. On the bad side of it increase red blood cell count means thicker blood. Increases the risk of cardiovascular. Contestants. Heart attack or stroke. I blood pressure. Things like this. Potential side effects from testosterone. The shutdown of natural testosterone. Production. Your body is just going to stop making testosterone. At least mostly while you're one. Exogenous testosterone. Your balls are going to shrink up. It's going to be a good way to make your body more muscular. For me, it's just the cost of doing business. If you want to be a bodybuilder. If you are concerned about your balls being smaller. The shutdown of your natural testosterone. You probably shouldn't be a bodybuilder in taking steroids in the first place. It's just part of it. There's no amount of HCG or cycling on and off. The bodybuilder in maintain your size of your balls in your natural testosterone production. If you want to be a freak, you just have to understand that you're probably going to sacrifice some of that. Guyna Commassia. The growth of breast tissue caused by excess estrogen. Not everybody gets kind of some people do. I was one of them. I had to have surgery to have removed. It was terrible. But you don't know until so you get on things. The high blood pressure. Most often the high blood pressure is caused by excessive estrogen and a shitty diet which leads to bloating. Not always. It can also be a response to the excessive. Androgen use. But most of the time I see it's just from people eating like shit and being bloated up. It also can be caused by a high hematicrit. It can cause it. This is, you know, we talked about earlier the increased red blood cell production and your body has thicker blood as a result. Bloting is another side effect. This is usually caused from a combination of eating like shit and having high estrogen as we mentioned before. Worse and lipid profiles. Some people will see their cholesterol. So, it's more often than not from excessive use of anti-assurgence to combat the other side effects. At me. This is a genetic response based on the DHT to estrogen ratio. I don't get at me. I never have. It's never been an issue for me. I know some people get it terribly. It's usually either your estrusance to high or your DHT to high or both. BPH in prostate cancer. I have had some issues with my prostate swelling up. One certain angrigens mostly just trend. But this is also genetically motivated a lot of times. Baldness also a response to excessive DHT. If that's me, I told you I had to fold that a hair until I took trend and then it was gone pretty much after one cycle of trend. But these are all, once again, you need to the individual in genetic and nature. Do esters matter? This is another one. People getting themselves thoroughly tied up and knots on. I don't know where people get this misconception from. It's brologic. But testosterone propinates somehow different than testosterone and anathate. Testosterone is testosterone. It's testosterone. No matter what the ester is. The only thing the ester changes is the time it takes for the molecule to be released into the bloodstream. That is it. It does not change. The properties of the hormone itself. The properties are still the same. So keep that in your head. It doesn't change the properties of the hormone. Now, sometimes for applicable use, it can be a big deal. So for example, if you want to quickly switch on and off hormones, using a shorter ester can be aventages. If you don't want to take a shot every other day or every day, having a longer ester, you know, prevent that. It keeps, you know, longer, more stable levels of the hormone in the bloodstream. I have a feeling that's probably where people get this idea that they are somehow different in its because they're not taking it with the proper frequency. So for example, maybe they take test probe and only take it once a week and then they have these peaks and troughs when they feel like shit. And get all kinds of side effects because it's up and down and up and down. There's not timing things properly. I'm just guessing. But no, the ester does not change the hormone. The hormone is still the hormone regardless of what the ester is. So keep that in mind. Don't fall into that trap of thinking that. Okay, so this is a sticky wicked. Typical doses and cycles. By no means this is my recommendations is just some generalizations of what I've seen. Typically with testosterone and placement therapy. Typical doses we see 100 to 200 milligrams a week usually test,cipient eight. That's what's prescribed here in the US. Sometimes the creams, which are garbage. It's a story for another thing. You know, T RT cycle links. There are different cycle links. It's something that you permanently on. It is a replacement therapy. First time users that are looking for just getting some general growth. Typical cycle. I see 300 to 500 milligrams a week. Use of an aromatease inhibitor if it's necessary. You know, typical training wheel cycles tend to 12 weeks. You know, usually people will take something like testing that they. You know, that's pretty typical what you see for a beginner cycle. Typical gym bros cycle. You're guy at the gym that looks a little bigger than the average guy on the street. You know, the pluffy dude with the sims that's when he's back. It's over in the corner. Curl on way too much weight. You know, 500. 750 milligrams on up to 1000 milligrams a week. Usually stacked with, you know, something like anodrol, you know, Debal, something stupid and post-hawft. And then usually way too much aromatease inhibitor. I'm not saying this is smart way to go, but this is what you. You usually hear your gym bros on. The serious body builder competitor, you know, pro and national level guys. You know, once again, I'm not saying these are doses I can don. Or that I would recommend, but typical competitor is, you know, a serious body building. Got its winning local shows, a guy that's nationally qualified. Usually somewhere between 1,000 and 1,500 milligrams of testosterone a week is where they settle and. At stacked with one or multiple antibiotics. Usually, usually injectables in the off season typically. Equipally is daccar in pp, you know, and then sometimes they'll throw an oral on top of that. Andadrol. And of our, if you have the money to do so, the premier bowl is preferred. That's what you'll see a lot of guys. And AI and or a farm as needed. And HGH, that's kind of the typical pro or bordering on pro off season cycle growth cycle that you see. There are other approaches, more contemporary approaches, on conventional approaches. You don't have to take that sauce or an agro. You can just take, you know, you can pick a compound that you like and just take that single compound. I've done an angelone only cycles and done pretty well with them. I didn't want to fuck, but you know, so that's another issue, but, but I definitely grew and have very minimal side effects from it other than those extra. You know, a lot of the stuff that you see people doing now is being more selective with the choices of antibiotics that they take. You know, more specific goals. So, you know, they've been trying to lean out. They may take a low dose of testosterone and stack something with it that promotes lean body mass. We'll get into more of that later. I'll go into some detailed cycle breakdown, but, you know, I'll get into more of that later. Do you need test to build muscle? You know, there's, I kind of already answered this, but no. You don't have to take testosterone. You know, like said, I had pretty good, pretty good luck with just natural and only female competitors. They absolutely should not use testosterone unless they want to go through a gender reassignment. You know, no judgment passed if you want to, that's, that's your call, but if you want to maintain some sort of femininity, you do not want to use testosterone or any engine for that. In fact, you want to stick with compounds that are, are antibiotic only. You know, sitting with men, if you have serious side effect issues with angiogens, you know, I, you know, in hindsight, maybe when I was younger, I should have stayed away from the mangegency. I would have probably had my hair and wouldn't have had prostate enlargement. Just a thought. Anyway, thank you for watching my video. If you enjoyed it, like and subscribe, I'll be doing more of these. This is my first crack, so don't be too partial to me if, if, if I was awful. Feel free to ask questions in the comment section. I will answer them as a best I can. If there are other videos on PEDs that you would like me to make. Let me know. I'd be happy to, you know, record more videos and follow me on Instagram at Paul K. Barnett. Thank you.

=== FILE: Tren Steroid Profile [rDwoUT9Qr8M].txt ===

Trinblown. Every bro was favorite steroid. Today we're going to talk about Trinblown. There's a lot of myth and mystery surrounding trend. It is every newbie. Let's take some trend for some reason. Let's take some trend, bro. We're going to look like a pro bodybuilder. Doesn't work that way. Anyway, we're going to go to the trend today. We're going to talk about application, how it works, hopefully give you a better understanding of it. Okay, so Trin is a 19-nour testosterone. It's a derivative of nanderlone. For you, bro is out there. Deca and MPP. We're going to call us nanderlone and correctly Deca. Deca is the ester, not the actual hormone, but Trin regardless, Trin is a derivative of nanderlone. It is nanderlone's little brother, so to speak. It is the souped up version of nanderlone. The modifications that were made to the nanderlone molecule is double bonds at the carbon to 9-011. This does change the properties of the nanderlone. It inhibits a rematization, so Trin is very dry. It increases antigen receptor binding of affinity, so Trin binds to the antigen receptor more strongly than nanderlone does. And it slows its metabolism making it stronger. Trin is five times more antigenic and anabolic than testosterone per ratings. Is that anabolic rating of 500 and an antigenic rating of 500 as well? Making it one of the strongest steroids there is yeah, you don't need a lot of Trin to do to be effective. Effects of Trin, you know, it's like most of the antibox steroids increase protein synthesis increase nitrogen retention, increase IGF1 production, increase red blood cell count. This is something that for at least from my understanding I can be wrong about this, but Trin really strongly inhibits. Coordes all production, glucocortaricoids, which is a huge benefit in contest prep training when you're under a lot of stress and your body is in a state where you're going to lose muscle because of the immense amount of stress that you're putting in under. So it just makes it a great choice when you're in deep into contact with contest prep. Also another benefit, effective Trin, that makes it rather unique and is good for contest prep is increased feed efficiency, which is why they use Trin often with cattle. Trin lets you eat actually at a clerk deficit and you can still potentially grow, you know, so that's a rather unique property of Trin as well. Side effects of Trin, as far as I'm concerned Trin is one of the nastiest steroids you can take for side effects, at least for me it has been. It has a strong, strong binding affinity for the progester, grown receptive. This can lead to gyna when people that are prone to progesterone related gyna comastia. I being one of them, I had to have never had issues with gyna until I took Trin. It seems to be compounded made even worse when you take Trin along with aromatizing steroids such as high doses of testosterone. I don't know the exact mechanism behind it, but it does seem to be worse. Someone smarter than me could probably explain that. Also a strong, introgenic side effects, aggression, hair loss, it's another thing. I didn't lose my hair until I took Trin. Body hair growth, I never had it back here until I took Trin. Prosciating large amount, I never had issues with my prostate until I took Trin. CNS stimulation, you hear people talk about insomnia, Trin's insomnia, Trin gets you so amped up, you're sweating while you sleep and sleep sucks. Kidney damage, I have not seen specific studies on this, but there's anecdotal information that there seems to be some direct or it may be a direct effect on kidney health. It seems the guys, maybe it's just a blood pressure over extended period of time for taking Trin. But it does seem to have anecdotally speaking, have some direct effect on kidney health. I've heard examples and people who've taken Trin for a long period of time that have ended up with permanent and pretty dramatic kidney damage. So keep that in mind. Applications for Trin, obviously we talked about it. It's great for dieting. If you're in a fat loss phase, you can eat less while maintaining muscle mass, potentially even gaining muscle while you're in a caloric deficit. Obviously, there's only so far you can push that, but I have put it to test myself, you know, eating in the slight caloric deficit and I have actually gained some muscle while taking Trin. The cortisol suppression we talked about that, how that's a strong benefit where you're dieting. It promotes a dry and hard look. Trin will dry you up, make you Vaney and look Narlie. Increase endurance, you definitely have more endurance in the gym. That's probably from the strong anterior nicety of it. Intergenicity, I don't think I fucked that up, but you know what I'm saying. You know, so it makes you more aggressive. So if you're more aggressive, you probably are going to push harder in the gym. Absolutely, should not be used by women unless you want to be a man. That's your call, but if you're trying to, I mean, still be a woman, I would not, I would not take Trin. Common esters, I remind everybody about this every time the ester does not change the underlying hormone, the hormone is still the hormone on. Trin is still Trin, whatever the ester is. Most commonly, you see Trin and Aunt 8. Aunt 8 has a half life of seven to ten days on average, probably closer to seven days. Trin acetate, half life is three days. Maybe a little less. Trin hex, which is essentially the same thing as an anathate, eight to ten days is the half life. It really haven't seen Trin hex used. It was some, I forget the name of it, but there was a parable and I think it was back in the 90s that people used at Belivis Trin hex, correct me if I'm wrong on that. Cycles and doses, I think Trin is strong, you know, no one grabbed from my hand, you know, you know, and on that if you can directly compare it, but you know, we saw five times more, five times stronger than test. So keep that in mind when you're dosing. A reasonable beginner dose is probably a hundred to 200 milligrams per week. Intermediate dose is probably two hundred to three, 50 per week advanced dose, three hundred and fifty milligrams plus per week. I think you're fucking nuts if you take more than 350 milligrams, but hey, that's your call. Every other day injections at minimum, I like to take it every day. I don't know if it really makes any difference. It's probably all my head, but it seems like it's smoother when I take Trin acetate every other day. There's no AI necessary when you're taking Trin, it's a drag, you don't need to take it a romantase inhibitor. It's not, it doesn't convert, you know, maybe if you're taking test or something with it. Typical cycle links, I would not run it from more than six to eight weeks. Eight weeks probably being the maximum. I know people that run it year round and they're fucking nuts, but you know, they probably don't value living past 50. My experience, you know, as I mentioned before, I had some pretty fucking nasty side effects. Anything north of 300 milligrams per week, which I have tried, I feel like absolute dog shit. I feel sick. I feel anxious. I can't fucking sleep. I sweat all the time. I lost all my hair. It makes my prostate swell. I'm like a balloon. It's fucking horrible. I look great, but I feel like shit. I would only use it for contest prep. I mean, that's my two cents. I think that's the only time that it's beneficial in the last six to eight weeks of contest prep. I never got much strength out of Trin. I've tried it on walking or size cycles and I think it should out of it. I got better results out of just straight nander one for a strength in size gains. I think it sucks for that. And part of it could be that you're just not going to advance if you feel like shit and you can't sleep. I could be part of it too. It may not be that the Trin actually sucks of putting on size and and you know, strength. But if you can't sleep, you're stressed out. You feel like shit. Your train is going to suck. So that's something else to consider when choosing your cycle. I would stick to Trin A's. I just think I think and I think it is stupid choice when taking Trin because if you do have side effects, you can get out of it pretty quick. You can ramp your dough, stop and down pretty quick. Also, there's the compounding effect of the longer asterisks where it's stacks on top of each other. We're going to that into another video. But anyway, I would want quick in quick out which ran, so if you start to feel like shit, you can pull off and have it clear out of your system in a short period of time. Thank you for watching my video. I'm going to be putting more of these up. Hopefully you found this helpful. Please subscribe to my channel. The appease, the YouTube gods, YouTube likes it better when you subscribe. Feel free to ask questions in the comments section. I'm happy to answer any questions or you can follow me on Instagram at Paul K. Barnett. Also, happy to answer questions there. Anyway, thank you.

=== FILE: Turinabol (Tbol) Steroid Profile - Anabolic Bodybuilding [JUOqtUXWkGI].txt ===

To Renable, we're gonna talk about this today. I am going to try to say it's chemical. This is a mouthful. Quora, dehydro, methyl, testosterone. I think I got it. Before we dig into it and look at it, please take the time to subscribe. I get a lot of people watching my videos, not a ton of people subscribing. The YouTube gods like it when you subscribe to my channel. The more you subscribe, the more they show. My videos and their searches and algorithms just like that. Like the videos comment. If you have any questions, I'm happy to answer those questions. Okay, so let's dig into Renable, commonly known as T-ball. We're gonna take a look at the properties of it. It is a derivative of testosterone. Really, it's pretty similar to D-ball. It's just a formality I understand. I've never personally used it, but for me, I understand. It's just a cleaned-up version of D-ball. It has a added double bond at the carbon one and two. This alters the anabolic to endogenic ratio and favor of being an anabolic compound. It also has an added chloro group at the carbon four. This inhibits the aromatization and further reduces its adrogenic nature. This is a key difference from D-ball. It is an estrogen bomb. So this is really a version of D-ball without the estrogenic nastiness. Although the estrogen with the D-ball is probably what makes people blow up. I mean, it's what gives you that quick size gain. It's just water weight, garbage weight, in my opinion. It also has the added methyl group at the 17th carbon musician. We know what this means. This makes it a C-17 AA anabolic anogenic steroid, which makes it orally available. And also liver toxic. Essentially, like I said, this is just a not a rubber-tizing less-anterogenic version of D-ball. It was developed in 1962. It was discontinued from use in 1996. If I recall correctly, it was used by the East German Olympic team. It was kind of their choice in the 70s for setting Olympic records. The effects of Trenoball increased protein synthesis in nitrogen, gen retention and increased red blood cell count reduces SHBG. Which is nice. Improostringed mild improvements in size and protects muscle mass loss. Side effects of T-ball is pretty mild for an oral. It does raise a matacrit. It has shown to significantly worse than lipids, most orals do. I'll point it on again. There's no estrogenic sides. It is very mild on the endogenic end of things. Almost no anogenic effect at all. A not a measurable one. It does cause liver stress. It is a C-17 AA. So you always have to think about that when stacking this with other things. Probably don't want to be taken with other orals or if you do in limited time frame. You also probably want to take some proactive measures to help liver function supplements, etc. It does suppress natural tests as most AASs do. Bodybuilding uses for Trenoball. To be honest with you, sorry my dog's flipping out somebody's walked in. To be honest with you, Contest preble is the only time I can really see it having any value. But I just think they're better options. I do think they're better options. It does cause increased nitrogen retention. Suppresses S-H-B-G. I do think provider and is better. Maybe for female bodybuilders since it is very mild on the endogenic side effects. It seems like a poor choice for building size to me. Trenoball Half Life is about 16 hours. So you want to do twice a daily dose if you were going to take it. Doses for what I would say would be Gennard doses are somewhere in the 20 to 40 milligrams. Intermediate is 40 to 60. It's a 50 milligrams of 60 plus women. It's five milligrams doses. We're having a study show that five milligrams or less have no viralization effects on women. That's cool. So this is a dose of five milligrams per day. This is pretty safe for women. You're not going to grow a dick. My experience I've never used it. It's weak and a 17 AA. So if I'm going to roll the dice and use a 17 AA and put that stress on my body, I want some sort of effect out of it. I don't want to use something that's weak. Just mind two cents. You know, I think there are better choices for cutting. And of our one straw halo. It provides very little to know benefit for blocking it. Just don't see where it helps a bunch of anything. I think orals are stupid for blocking anyway. If you've watched any of my videos, I go into the reasons why I need to press appetite. They call toxicity. They basically make you sick and if you sick. It's not a good environment for growth. Might be an option for women though. I don't really hear a lot of women competitors using it. But it's interesting that it causes no visualization at a five million grant or less dose. So might be a good choice for women competitors. So something to consider for women. That would be one area would be interested to see how it works and what it could be useful for. Anyway, thank you for watching my video. Please like and subscribe. Feel free to ask questions in the comment section. If there are other videos you like me to make, please let me know. Follow me on Instagram at Paul K. Barnett. Have a great day.

=== FILE: Types of Aromatase Inhibitors - Suicide Inhibitor vs Reversible Inhibitor -  Anabolic Bodybuilding [_dNq42nE0T4].txt ===

So yesterday one of my viewers pointed out the different types of aromatees and habitors. I do have a video I recorded on XMSTain. I was going to talk about suicide inhibitors later this week, but I figured it would be best just to make a quick video talking about type 1 and type 2. Romatees and habitors just to help clear it up for people. Thank you for the suggestion. So type 1 is suicide inhibitor. It's a steroidal aromatees inhibitor. XMSTain, I think there's a form of stain or something else. Don't cool be on that. XMSTain is the one you commonly see used in body building. I will have a full profile, like I said, up on it later this week. But the difference between that in a type 2 AI, which is non- steroidal competitive and natural, which is a natural and letharousal, type 1 irreversible aromatees inhibitors bind irreversibly to the aromatees and I'm basically neutralized it, which is where the name suicide inhibitor comes from. So once it attaches to the aromatees and XMSTain, I'm just completely neutralized. So with type 2 non- steroidal aromatees inhibitors and natural and letharousal, which are more commonly used in body building, they do not bind irreversibly to the aromatees and they will eventually fall off or the enzyme becomes active again. Now what this can do? I think the reason why I was speculating here, the reason why people have leaned towards the non- steroidal reversible ones because they tend to be easier to control. But the problem is when you come off of them, if you just quit cold turkey, you end up having an estrogen rebound a lot of times where the estrogen that aromatees that are bound up before becomes available again for using a body and body. It also continues to make more aromatees because in the end up with estrogen rebound and just a shit ton of, when you come off of a cold turkey, you have to taper off, at least in my experience. And from what I have seen the type 2 or type 1, I'm sorry, XMSTain, you can have the opposite problem where you have crashed your estrogen and it takes a while for it to come back up if you have a use it. Typically with type 2, aromatees and hybrids, you gotta be real careful of estrogen rebound, especially coming off contests prep, guys, 10 to quit cold turkey and they get huge estrogen rebound. I know I've had issues with that. I'm also of note and I'll talk about it in another video on side effects, but the one advantage of XMSTain is it doesn't crush your lipids like a, uh, type 2, ar, it doesn't seem to have an effect on lipids, at least in studies of showing that it doesn't make it a way effect on lipids, something else to consider. Anyway, thank you for watching, hopefully this was helpful.

=== FILE: What is good lifting form？ - Anabolic Bodybuilding [05UlmsS4b6M].txt ===

What is good lifting form? This is one that people vastly over-complicate. They make it way more complicated than what it needs to be in my experience. And good form really is relative. It depends on what your objectives are and the gem. If you're a power-lifter, good form is what it takes to get the weight from point A to point B in the most efficient manner possible. That is completely different than bodybuilding. Bodybuilding, good form, is what stimulates the most hypertrophy. And a lot of times that's the exact opposite of what you do in strength, lifting, in parallelitying or anything like that, parallelitying, Olympic lifting. And bodybuilding a lot of times we want to make the weight more difficult. Not less difficult and therefore we're not looking for the most advantage and leverage. So forms completely different in that situation. I generally see two camps of people on the gem when it comes to form. And to be honest with you neither one of them seemed to understand that concept and are doing it correctly. I see the guys that are just trying to get the weight up at all costs possible and put up as much weight as possible. Shitty S, sloppy form bouncing all over the fucking place. That's camp A as they can't be or the form Nazis, the people who are trying to perfect and make it look pretty. A lot of times good form doesn't have to be pretty or it isn't pretty. I give you the example of Jay Cutler, former Mr. Olympic, a lot of people criticize his form. And say his form is sloppy, but when I want to Jay Cutler, the way he does exercises, he prioritizes the part of the movement that puts the most stimulus on the muscle. And he's keeping continuous tension on the muscle. Which we know from research is the most important thing for hypertrophy. It's time on attention. So people are wrong about Jay Cutler's form. A erotic woman being the exception, erotic woman was just a freaking nature. So you don't even compare yourself to erotic woman. So for bodybuilding, for me form, first and foremost, it's got to you got to feel it in the muscle. If you're not feeling it in the muscle, if you're not getting a pump, if you're not getting sore in that area, you're not feeling it, you're feeling it in another muscle. Your form is not right or maybe that exercise just doesn't fit your body. That's number one for me. Number two, when I'm choosing an exercise for bodybuilding, and this is another one where people completely fuck up. If I feel joint or connective tissue pain with the form that I'm using or an exercise, I'm going to try to change up the form to prevent that. And if I can't do it without joint or connective tissue pain or if I'm causing this help to have tendonitis, I'm not using that exercise. There is no point if you get to the point where you're, let's say, for me, I'm trying to try to try again to use all crushers and this all crushers. So supposedly great for your triceps, but my elbow, just, I get horrible tendonitis in my elbows when I do skull crushers, and it doesn't matter what I do with my form. I cannot correct that. There's something physiologically wrong where I just cannot do skull crushers without tendonitis. So you know what? I don't do skull crushers. Stay away from the things that hurt you. There's a difference, now there's a difference between muscle pain and joint connective tissue pain. And if you're not growing for an exercise, it's probably not, not worth using. So I, I, I found a lot of times also free weights give you more range of motion. And that is also important. I don't see people use full range of motion or they use the incorrect range of motion. Another example would be dudes I see at the gym doing shoulder presses with dumbbells. And they're only doing the top third of the motion. That top third of the motion is only working your triceps. It's like 80% tricep, 20% front delt. You know, so you want to probably work through the bottom third to two thirds of the motion to get the most emphasis on your your deltilt. You can get too low and and cause problems there too. So just another thing to consider as well. Anyway, good form for me for bodybuilding. I'm going to rehash this again. First and foremost, are you feeling it in the muscles? It's stimulating the muscle you're trying to work. Number two, it's not causing joint and connective tissue pain. It's that simple. If you're, if you're accomplished in both, then you have good form. Hope this helps.

=== FILE: What it takes to become a huge IFBB pro bodybuilder - Anabolic Bodybuilding [l4Mm-XaG9-Y].txt ===

What it takes to become a huge IFBB pro. This drives me nuts. I keep seeing guys in social media. I hear young guys at the gym. And yeah, I admire the enthusiasm and the goal setting. But I hear guys talking about, well, I'm going to be an IFBB pro in three years. So just need to take some steroids. I'm going to win my first local show, Qualified for the Nationals, win national and then turn pro. It doesn't look at work that way. Never. Almost never. I mean, there are a few freaks on the nature that I think was Steve Weinberger, I heard talking about that the average, just the average. Think about this. The average IFBB pro has been training 10 years before they got the pro card. Their tons of guys that trained way longer than that. The late John Metos had been training for over 20 years before he turned pro. Nick Walker, who had everybody considers a young sensation. He said he trained for 10 years before he turned pro. So you're not going to turn pro three years. Not much years. Some sort of absolute one in a hundred thousand freaks of nature in the... That is the department. It's not going to happen. Just go ahead and flush that idea out of your head. What takes that 10 years? That's the average. What it takes is 10 years of grinding in the gym being perfect or in your perfect day and day out, weighing and measuring all of your food. Not missing workouts, training with intensity, training smartly, having a plan and following that plan and sticking to that plan, competing along the way. And yes, using PEDs along the way. Once you've maxed out your natural potential, it's almost no one turns pro without using PEDs. It's just the way it is. There are... There are a few exceptions that have heard Ronnie Coleman turn pro without using PEDs, but you're not fucking around a Coleman. There's only been one Ronnie Coleman in the entire history of the IFB. It's just... You're not Ronnie Coleman. I don't see any Ronnie Coleman's at my gym and there's some pretty talented people at my gym, but they're no Ronnie Coleman's. So you're going to have to be dedicated and you're going to have to stick to it. Most people don't have the type of patients that it requires to be dedicated and stick to something for 10 years straight. They just don't. And there's no shortcuts either. That's another thing, too. People think there's some magic cycle and some magic training program, some magic diet that's going to get them over that hump. It is just year after year, day after day of grinding. Just grinding away at a goal. And it's true with almost anything. I was a music major in college. You don't become... You don't master a music instrument until you play it for at least 10 years. At least it takes 10 years of dedicated practice to become even close to being a professional musician. And then there's another level after becoming a professional musician that you have to exceed to in its years of dedication. To become a professional football player, most pretty much every kid that ends up in the NFL and started playing when they were seven, eight years old and had been playing nonstop since that. Unless you're just some sort of exceptional freak. But don't let the exception roll what your results are going to be because you're not the exception. Most of us aren't. I'm not. Nobody really nobody is. So you have to grind year after year and be dedicated to it. If that's truly what you want. And don't talk about being an AFBV pro and you haven't even won a local show yet. Just focus on one thing at a time, take one step up in the mountain at a time. I'm not trying to discourage you from that goal. But work on one thing at a time, get through today, get through tomorrow, work on your goals for now when that local show. When you win that local show, it might take one another local show. But then work on becoming an actual level competitor and it may take years to master that as well. And you may never make a pass. The local level or the national level. You may not have the genetics to do so. It's another thing. In any way, I hope this helps clear some things up. Have a great day.

=== FILE: Why Fasted Weight Training is a Bad Idea [FyV_nje1On4].txt ===

So I had a question on one of my videos about my thoughts on fast at training and fast at weight training. And if I thought it was a good idea and answer is, fuck no, it's not a good idea. The goal of weight training, what we're trying to do with weight training is to stimulate muscle hypertrophy, right? And weight training stimulates protein synthesis and weight training drives nutrients into the muscle to help facilitate hypertrophy. What do you think's going to happen when you're fast at? If you've stimulated protein synthesis and there's no protein present, if you stimulated glycogen uptake and there's no carbohydrates present, what do you think's going to happen? Nothing. And in fact, it may be the exact opposite. Your body may turn to breaking down proteins, gluconeogenesis, breaking down muscle tissue for fuel, not to state we want to be in. So it's a bit analogous to sitting a bunch of construction workers to a construction site and having no bricks or wood available from the build a house with. What are they going to do? Nothing. Nothing's going to happen. So in bodybuilding, our goal, everything we do is to optimize growth, optimize muscle hypertrophy or if we're in a diet, we would at least want to prevent muscle loss. So in both instances, you should be full if you would say I would argue even in a diet state, you always want to have carbohydrates and proteins surrounding your workout always. And if you work to go in a low carb state or no carb state, at least have some amino acids present. But I would think for optimal retention of muscle that you would want both, at least that's been my experience. So it's a bad idea. It's a really, really bad idea. Don't do it. Don't do it. We do all these other crazy things take AASs and all of these supplements and different training regimens and you're just flushing it all down the toilet if you're doing fast at weight training. Now cardio or fat burning is a different scenario altogether. You know, the studies show that you do burn a higher percentage of fat, doing cardio in a fast state. Now, at the end of the day, I don't think it really makes any difference. It's about net calorie balance. Calories and calories out at the end of the day. I've tried it both ways and I've been able to lose weight. Body fat both ways. It didn't really, you know, maybe it makes some marginal difference. But when you think about thermodynamics, it's in the day it's net calorie balance. Anyway, don't do it. Fuel your workouts. If you don't want to waste your effort in the gym, make sure you have plenty of carbohydrates in amino acids to facilitate muscle growth. It's that simple. Have a great day.

=== FILE: Why You Aren’t Progressing - Constant Change [Q675BZcfdDA].txt ===

Why are you not progressing the paradox of constant change? The most successful people in life find a plan and stick to it consistently over the long term. They make small changes when necessary. When you look at people that are successful in business, whatever it may be, they tend to do the same thing, day in, day out, over and over. So if you think about it, if football coach came in to NFL team and changed the practice schedule every week because they didn't like the way the practice schedule worked last week, completely changed the offense, offensive philosophy, the defensive philosophy from week to week. How successful do you think that team would be? Not very. If a musician wanted to switch to a new instrument every few months, how successful do you think they would be mastering that instrument? If a business institutes a new business plan every couple months, how successful do you think they would be at business? Not very. So I don't know why this changes with the gym. If one month you want to be a pilot or the next month you want to be a bodybuilder, the next month you want to be a cross-fitter, how successful do you think you're going to be at any of those things? Not very. The most successful bodybuilders and power lifters from what I've seen do the same shit, day in, day out, year after year, they very rarely change things. They stick with the same coach for years on end. I mean, just look at the most recent Mr. Olympius. He's always working with the founding roundbot pretty much his entire career. Train the same way, his entire career. Use the same diet, his entire career. Small changes here and there. I'm not to say that there aren't changes. It's just tweaks rather than entire philosophy change. Same thing with Ron and Coleman. From what I heard Ron and Coleman did the same work out 15 years later that he did when he was running Mr. Olympius. He just did the same shit over and over and over again. 8 chicken and Casey Masterpiece every day. And train with Chad Nichols pretty much to his entire career. Same thing with Jay Cutler. I know he changed coaches, make career. But Jay Cutler as far as I know did the same high volume training, his entire career pretty much ate the same way. And from what I've heard he was a creature I've had at the same routine day and day out. So if you're constantly changing coaches, looking for the next latest and greatest thing, trying to new work out plan every week, diets, your schedules constantly changing. And you never establish enough consistency to have a successor, even to measure that success. How do you think it's going to work out? You're not going to have success in the end. You're just going to stagnate and spend your wheels. And with that said, sometimes changes necessary. I don't want to say that you things don't need to be changed. Obviously, you do have to make changes at times. You know, so, but when you do make changes, lift the data, guide your need for change, not your emotions. You know, so, and changes few variables at one time as you can. So, you know, if you're, you think your coach sucks. Look at the data and the results. And let those dictate whether your coach sucks. You might not like your coach, but your coach might know what he's doing. And you're in really good shape. If you don't like your workout program, look at your training logs and see if you've been progressing. Look at your pictures. You know, maybe it's just small tweaks rather than throwing the whole thing out, making a small change. And so, think about an NFL team rather than throwing out their entire offense. Maybe they change a couple plays. Change is few variables as you can at one time. Monitor those variables closely. Let the data dictate whether those changes were effective or not. You know, so consistency overall long period of time is what makes people successful. Everybody's looking for the secret sauce. And I think this is a disease. I see in the gym quite frequently. Everybody's looking for some, you know, hidden secret in program, diet, drugs, whatever that they think is going to bring them to the next level. And actually the secret sauce is consistency. It's not constant change. It's not that next great thing. Commit to something, stick to it, make small changes. When you do make changes, make sure they're measurable, make sure, you know, that you change a few variables at one time as possible. So you can actually track them and commit to them when you do make them have a great day.

=== FILE: Why You aren’t Progressing - Analysis Paralysis - Anabolic Bodybuilding [CT34_7YF5ZM].txt ===

Why you aren't progressing analysis paralysis? I work with a lot of businesses in my daily job in consults. What are the big mistakes I see entrepreneurs make all the time is over thinking They analyze the smallest little detail to the The end degree when they don't even just do it in the basics to make their business run. So what the hell does this have to do with bodybuilding? A lot. It's a disease that a lot of people suffer from. It's the overthinking disease. I call it the 95-5 rule. Everybody has their own version of the 95-5 rule. But my 95-5 rule is that people get so focused on the 5% that doesn't really Fuck a matter or make much of a difference. But they forget about the 95%. They don't even have that taken care of. Okay. So what does this mean about bodybuilding? I don't even know if I want to say this. But I have a guy come up to me and ask me, What I thought the best pre-workout drink was. I'm like, I don't know. I don't fucking care. It doesn't matter. Pre-workout drink doesn't make you shit all the difference in your progress. They get focused on the pre-workout drink, But they're not even tracking their diet. Or I'll see the W that's wrapping rubber bands around everything. And doing all this crazy shit and lifting from angles that make no sense. And they're not even wranged out what they do. They're not even engaging in progressive overload. They're not even showing up to the gym consistently. You're not going to progress. If you get focused on that little shit that doesn't matter. Your pre-workout drink doesn't matter. Your intro workout drink doesn't matter. The rubber bands don't matter. The squats you don't matter. If you aren't lifting with intensity tracking what you're doing with progressive overload. If you're not on a structured diet, you're following that structure diet. You're wearing a measuring your food. You're taking care of the big items. Work on the big stuff first. Worry about the rest of that shit when you're perfect at that. And I'll be honest with you. If you do the 95% well, you don't have to worry about that stuff. I did you jits you for a while. And I noticed that the best black belts in Jiu Jitsu were the ones who just did the basics very well. They didn't do anything fancy. The Gracie family, they were famous for just doing the basics. It's the white belt that you get to get the comes in that's trying to do knee bars and ankle locks and all the crazy shit that's never going to do anything. Same thing in business. You know, it's when somebody has a very complicated product, price and structure that doesn't make any sense and a million different plans. It's never going to work. You got to have a simple product, a simple plan. Same thing with the gym. You need a simple plan. You need consistency. And you need to follow that plan and execute it with intensity. That's it. It's not that hard over a long period of time. Same thing in business. Same thing in anything. Execute the plan. With consistency. With intensity. Over a long period of time. You will be successful. Don't worry about your entire workout drink. It doesn't fucking matter.

=== FILE: Why you aren't progressing - Training Specificity [Qlf6oB1uVX8].txt ===

Why you aren't progressing the law of training, specificity? Andrew Carnegie once put all your eggs in one basket and then watch over that basket and timely. So what the fuck does this have to do with training? All the most successful people in life focus and tentally on a single goal. When you spread yourself thin on many different things, you never truly master any of them. If you want to be the best at something, you have to focus on that goal intently. This logic implies to the gym as well. If you say, for example, if you want to be the best bodybuilder, but your training has some cross-fit elements, power lifting elements, any play soccer a couple days a week. Maybe you like to jog here and there and run a 5k in the spring. How good do you think you're going to be a bodybuilding if you're doing all those things? You're dividing all your training resources up, your recovery ability. You're probably not going to have the best results in bodybuilding. So if you want to be the best bodybuilder, you need to train like a bodybuilder all the time. If you want to be the best power lifter, the best cross-fitter, the best soccer player, your training needs to be 100% focused on those goals. Or you're not going to be the best. Now this is not the same. You can't do all these things. I enjoy doing many different things. I like many experiences and life's about experiences for me. So I get it. I just don't expect optimal results in all those areas. But if you're generally intent on being the best at your craft, you have to train specifically for that craft.

=== FILE: Why you aren’t progressing - Fear of overtraining - Anabolic Bodybuilding [z-PYdQyUJhw].txt ===

Why you weren't progressing in the fear of overtraining? This one be welders me. There seems to be this a rational fear of overtraining in bodybuilding. It's the only endeavor in life I can think of, or people are worried about working too hard. I don't think you hear of a basketball player saying, oh gosh, I shouldn't practice my shot anymore. I'm overtraining. It's going to mess my game up or a football player saying, ah, maybe I should skip practice today because I'm overtraining or an entrepreneur saying, hey, I'm going to you know, it's still working for 12 hours a day. I'm just going to work six because I'm overtraining overworking. You know, I'm going to mess my progress up if I work too hard. It's so weird. It's this obsession with overtraining and I need to cheat me. To me it's just the easy way out. Now that's not to say that overtraining is impossible, but I'll be honest with you. I get to see anybody in the gym and I think to myself, wow, that motherfucker's traded too hard. He's not making any progress because he's trading too hard. Now that can happen. It's not to say that again. I'm sure there's some guys on the pro level that push things too hard and need a break now and then. You do need to reset your body, but the irrational fear of overtraining has stopped people from progressing. I think personally, work hard. Your body will let you know when it's time to take a break, but pushing is hard if you can. Don't take, you know, you don't need a deal out unless your body says that, ah, it's fallen apart or you stop progressing. A lot of times there's other things that can be adjusted. Maybe your diets fucked up. Maybe you aren't sleeping enough. Maybe it's not an issue with overtraining. Maybe you just go out and party with your friends too much. Maybe that's the issue. But very rarely is the problem with anything working too hard. Keep that in mind in life. You can almost never work too hard at something. If you reach that point where you've worked too hard at something, you're probably going to be pretty successful at it. You know, so that's your sign that you're probably worked too hard. Have a great day.

=== FILE: Why you aren’t progressing - Not tracking your workouts. [PzL-QSFLwi8].txt ===

Why you aren't progressing? Not tracking and logging your workouts. One of the first things that people come to be, I have people asking me, how do you get bigger and I ask them, well, what are you doing for your workouts? Are you tracking your workouts? Are you tracking your diet? Blubble, blah, blah, blah. Nobody, like, almost nobody tracks the workouts. So I don't know how you progress and get better at something if you don't have a plan and if you don't track it, it's like going to college. Saying, yeah, I'm just going to go to whatever class feels good today. I'm not going to take any tests. I'm not going to compare how I did on the last test of this one. I'm not going to follow any coursework and expect to get a degree and have success at the end. If you want to have success, you have to track it and measure it. I'm an entrepreneur. I've run several businesses and I can't imagine ever running a business without having key metrics that I follow and track and use those as a method of improvement and monitoring my staff on. So I don't know how in the world you're going to get better at a workout if you're not tracking it. So you need to write down your exercises. You need to write down how many sets you do each week, what weight you do and try to progress and get better. If you don't, you're not going to get better. I will tell you an amazing thing happens and a lot of times I'll see the light click on, whether I'm mentoring people in business or in the gym. You start tracking things, all of a sudden progress starts to happen. It's crazy. You start to practice, you know, getting into the practice of tracking things. Things get better, almost always without fail. At any time in business that we have something that we want to improve, we start tracking and monitoring it and holding people accountable to those metrics and then things get better. You do the same for yourself. Track your workouts. You can write it down in a notebook. I use a Google Sheet spreadsheet so I can do it on my phone. I just log in my weights and sets and I try to do a little better each time. Now with that said, some people get a little too obsessed with the old book. I've seen the opposite end of this spectrum where they get so concerned with beating the last workouts numbers that they get sloppy with form. If you're cheating to get another rap or to get more weight on the bar, you have an improved, you've just gotten better at cheating. So that's another thing you keep in mind. But start tracking. I guarantee you if you start tracking your workouts, you will see progress. Hopefully that helps.

=== FILE: Winstrol (Stanozolol) - Steroid Profile - Anabolic Bodybuilding [-8YBLuLZvMs].txt ===

Winstrel status a law, hopefully instead of that correctly. Winstrel, back in the 90s used to be super popular with spreaders for supposedly increased speed. I've never put that to task, but a lot of the spreaders that were getting busted back in the day were taking Winstrel. Today we're going to dig into it for bodybuilding purposes. It's more of a contest prep drug. But we'll get into details and we'll talk a little bit more about Winstrel. So properties of Winstrel just full disclaimer, everything I'm referencing here is oral Winstrel. I don't know really anybody that uses injectable Winstrel. There may be. It is a structurally altered form of DHT dihydra testosterone. Most of the contest prep drugs come from that DHT column since they tend to be dry and a draw being the exception. An introduction of an attached pyrosal group at the auring of the hormone replacing the three keto group is a key modification that makes it a strong antibiotic while reducing androgenic effects. It also has a modification of the 17th carbon position by adding a methyl group. And with that means it's a 17A a steroid making it available in usable orally which also makes it liver toxic. It has a lower androgenic and higher antibiotic rating than test like most other DHT derivatives has an androgenic rating of 30 and an antibiotic rating of 320. No measurable estrogenic or progestinic effects from Winstrel and promotes lean tissue gain. Also for the most part mild androgenic effects but although it doesn't even have a strong impact on hair loss. He was released the market in 1962 to prevent muscle wasting in the use of where people were using corticosteroids. There are, but you know this is another thing people think that somehow the injectables different it is also see it's also a C17A a steroid which makes it also liver toxic by injecting. It's also water based if you're done on water based shot they hurt like fuck. Okay, effects of Winstrel increase protein synthesis like other steroids increase nitrogen retention. This makes it very good for contests, perhaps decreased sex hormone binding, libelin, up to a 50% reduction has been noted in test subjects. Modern increase in red blood cell count I never have noticed any increase when taking it but some people may. Modern inhibition of glucocorticoids stress hormones such as cortisol strong antibiotic action as well. The effects of Winstrel can elevate RBC and hematocritus we talked about I never noticed any it's not as strong as other steroids but effects different people differently. As I've mentioned in other videos most of the time when I see people that have hematocritus it's not that they're having hematocrit issues so much as they're dehydrated. If you drink plenty of water a lot of times you will not have those hematocrit issues. Estrogenic side effects it does not convert to estrogen directly or indirectly. There is a slight risk of anrogenic side effects while low androgenic rating it still causes issues and I couldn't find any information. Why? I don't know they say they know directly it's it's is a mention it's known for causing hair loss and men. I'm five AR inhibitors so if you want to take perpisher or something like that to prevent it or finistaride it doesn't work since it doesn't directly convert to DHT. The five alpha reductase inhibitors don't work on it since there is nothing to inhibit. Skin lipids. Winstraw will absolutely crush your lipids absolutely crush it. This is insane a study show that a six milligrams dose, six milligrams. The fuck takes six milligrams. Nobody. Everybody knows taking 50 for a contest prep. A six milligrams dose for six weeks in test subjects caused a 33% decrease in LDL, an A2 or an A3 or 29% decrease in LDL. That is fucking bananas. That isn't sane. You know so god only knows what a 50 milligrams does. It does have some mild suppressing suppression of natural testosterone. It is known for causing joint pain likely from being low in estrogen or it doesn't convert to estrogen. I don't know but if there is something unique about it, it causes joint pain. I don't know the physiological reasons for it. I need to do some research into that. Suppression of natural testosterone we already talked about that. It is 17 alpha-oculated and can be liver toxic and higher doses. It tends to be less liver toxic than say, anodrome, some other stuff. But you've got to be careful stacking it with other orals. I would not do it unless you're in contest prep. Absolutely do not drink alcohol or take Tylenol and excess while you're doing it. Probably not at all. It would be smart. Application for wind straw. I really embody building. I think it only has one purpose and that's for the last few weeks before a contest to harden. I really don't see it being productive elsewhere. The increased nitrogen retention, no estrogenic sides, no progestic sides, suppresses SHBB, SHBG and promotes muscle retention and caloric deficit. It was useful for wasting. You are in a wasting state when you're dieting for a show. It is helpful there. Also the suppression of cortisol which your cortisol is going to be in a state of being stressed out and training for a show. Cortisol suppression is important. Winston's half-life is eight hours. It's a very short half-life. If you want to keep peak concentrations in your blood, probably twice a day dose, would be men and women would be necessary. Cyclos and doses, male doses, a beginner dose is 25 milligrams per day. In the immediate dose of 50 milligrams per day, most of everybody's preparing for an amateur bodybuilding show that I've seen taking 25 milligrams or 50 milligrams. Advanced dose of 50 plus. I don't know if I would go much higher than 50. I don't think it's necessary even at the pro levels. Females, I don't know a lot about females using Winston. I know they do. I would only use a few weeks before shows. A beginner dose from what I have heard, you know, feel free to correct me if I'm wrong about this. But like I said, I'm not the expert on female doses. But what I've heard is 5 to 10 milligrams per day. Intermediate dose is 10 to 25. It advanced dose will be 25 plus. I can't imagine women needing 25 plus. But who knows? Maximum, I would run this stuff four to six weeks. I just don't think you'd need more. Your joints feel like hell when you're on it too. I just, it really just drives your joints out. Badly, I just feel creaky. Everything hurts. It's one thing I've noticed. My experience. I've never had a really liver issues until I stacked. Winston, with anovar in the my liver and so I'm shot through the fucking roof. They were out of control. So I've taken both independently. Relations, when I took them together, everything was fucked up. I didn't notice any entertaining side effects. Of course, I'm already bald. Thanks, you know, thanks jeans and trend for that one. It definitely heartens me up. I mean, within a few days of taking it, I start having veins popping out everywhere. And it seems, it's probably in my head, but I feel like it thins my skin out too. You know, that's probably psychological more than anything. But it definitely heartens me up and gives me a different look. My joints hurt like fuck when I take one straw. Usually about a week or so into it. I get really bad. Joy paying. Crushed my appetite as well. That's probably due to the liver enzymes being elevated. But all worlds seem to fuck my appetite out. I don't see any benefit for it. And a hypertrophy phase. Anything that fucks your stomach. I'm going to make your feel sick. Make your joints creaky. Creaky can't be good for hypertrophy when you're trying to put size on. It's stronger. Get bigger. I just don't see it being productive. There are better choices. I would only use it for fat loss and composition and in short doses. You know, moving forward. I think three to four weeks is all you need from pre-contest. The last couple weeks going into a show. I just don't think anything more than that is necessary. That may even experiment with lower doses like 25 milligrams. Let's see if we can get away with that. I definitely be conservative when using it with other worlds. It seems to have a compounding effect with the liver enzymes when you use it with other worlds. I've never had an issue. Like I said, using both anovar and one stall independently. But when I put them together, it blew my fucking liver enzymes up. I just, you know, like I said, I just don't think it's an ideal environment for growth. If you're trying to use it for being sick, creaky, no appetite is not a good environment for growth. I just would not use this in hypertrophy phases. It's just not worth it. Thank you for watching my video. Please like and subscribe my channel. That'll help me get this thing up and going. I'm trying to help people get better information, make better choices. I'm going to help with harm reduction. People that are in the middle of their mind to do this stuff are going to do it regardless. Hopefully I can help you prevent a little bit of damage and stay healthier as you do it. If there are any other videos you would like me to make, please let me know. I'm happy to record anything you want and follow me on Instagram at Paul K. Barnett. Thank you very much.
=== Rebuilt on 2025-12-10T06:29:15.770337Z ===
