Master on Joe Stan alone propryn eight, Stairway profile. I want to note that it does also come in an Anthate Esther, although, actually 90% of the time people use propryn eight, you know, just to get it in a quick, out quick, it's probably better for contests for up that way. We get it to that in another video, but Master on is another DHT derivative, another dry, steroid, you know, it's used for fat loss phases, most frequently. Well, let's get into the properties of it. Okay, so we'll take a look at Master on here. Properties of Master on it is a structurally altered form of dihydratestosterone. It is also altered by the addition of a mouth of group at the two carbon position. This protects it from metabolite breakdown in the muscle tissue. DHT is broken down by the three hydroxy steroid dehydrogenase enzyme. Once in the muscle tissue, so it is not anabolic. This alteration may protect it from that, giving it some anabolic properties, whereas DHT does not provide an does not. So this increases the hormones anabolic nature. And as a lower endogenic in anabolic and anabolic ratings, then test. Now keep in mind, this can be a bit deceiving with DHT derivatives. They tend to have a strong binding affinity with the endogenic receptor. So the endogenic rating of 25 to 40 is probably actually it probably is stronger than that. Same thing with the anabolic rating. I don't find it to be very anabolic. So that's just my experience. Usually with DHT derivatives, they're stronger. Andogenic than they are rating is a weaker anabolic. There's no measurable estrogenic or progestinic effects contributing to it being a dry steroid. Moderate and estrogenic effects moderate anabolic effects. It was originally developed in the 50s and released in the late 60s from what I understand. And it was used as a breast cancer treatment for a period of time before it was discontinued. You know, it was better things, you know, things like to moxophone and other aromotays and inhibitors came around and they don't have endogenic effects. So which is better for women? Effects of mass, mass around. Moderate increase in protein synthesis, moderate increase in nitrogen retention, moderate suppression of estrogen, a hardening effect from the endogenic nature DHT derivatives tend to harden physics up. Give you that drier look more veney. Just the muscles have more pop. Side effects of mass around. And in my experience it's very mild. Doesn't have a ton of side effects. There is a moderate risk of endogenic side effects baldness, body hair growth, the typical DHT side effects. You know, in a reminder with DHT derivatives, 5 AR inhibitors like propisa, finistaride, don't work because it doesn't convert. So there's nothing to block. It impacts negatives or lipids negatively. Not as strongly as other ones. I, you know, when I've taken a dive scene, little to no impact on my lipids. I don't know. I take a lot of official oils. I think that helps counterbalance some of it. But I haven't noticed that it crushes my lipids. It does have a mild suppressor effect on natural testosterone. Half life. If we're using the propionate ester, it's a two-day half life. And they have ester 7 to 9 days. Depends on how your body metabolizes. And everybody's a little different. Applications for mass or on. I really, the primary use for it. And I think the the most productive time to use it is for. Reduction of estrogen. I mean, in fat loss phases, it's it's great because it reduces estrogen. Increased nitrogen retention. And I know progesterine or estrogenic. Sides. And it seems to have a direct effect on improved body. Composition. It can be used in hypertrophy phases. You can consider it. I wouldn't use it for any of the antibody properties. You know, maybe it could be used as an alternative to. Aromatease and hebidres. If you have issues with estrogen. Aromatease inhibitors tend to crush. Absolutely crush your lipids. And this I, you know, we think that would have a milder effect on lipids. You know, without using aromatease inhibitors. They'll make you feel like shit sometimes tired with argic. Creaky. I, they just they have some side effects. So I guess in theory, you could use it if you wanted to just mildly suppress your estrogen. Instead of you're completely wiping it out. But just something to consider. I haven't tried it that way. But in theory, I think it could be applied. That way. Cycles and doses. Mass around is weaker than other steroids. If you're trying to get an antibiotic effect out of it, you're going to need higher doses. So I don't consider it as an antibiotic. They're better antibiotics. You know, if you're. When you're a contest prep, you're stacking so many things anyway. And really the point that is just muscle preservation. You're not really trying to build muscle. So it's not as important. You know, it turns going to be pretty strong. And be your muscle preserve. When you get towards the end of prep anyway. Um, beginner doses 200 to 300 milligrams per week. I would say for contest prep. And then maybe it does 300 to 500 advanced doses 500 plus. I don't really see a need for it to go much higher than that. They're better choices to fill in the gaps. When then I, I've have heard of it being used in women. There's probably better choices. It was used to treat breast cancer. So it wasn't originally designed to be used in women. But it does. I would think that it would have some masculinization effects. You know, like I've said in the other videos, I'm not an expert on animal like. Or AS use in women. But I would be worried about masculinization. Um, and if I were to use it, I would use it in very low doses and pay close attention to any. Mass colonization effects and stop it immediately. Maybe only use it for like it towards the end towards a show. I, or I probably would just stay away from it in general if I was a woman. But, um, who knows. I think I said I'm not an expert on that. But I have heard of women using it for contest prep. Um, my experience with it personally. I didn't have any notable side effects. We didn't. Missed with my blood pressure. Didn't miss with my hematocrit. Um, I felt fine while I was on it. Um, it definitely hardened me up. I had a harder crispier look when I was on. Um, master on. Um, I checked my blood work frequently and it, you know, without the use of an AI, I've no, it cut my estrogen almost in half. So, um, I, you know, I, for people say it's not that strong for that, but that's, that's, that's for my, my, my blood work said otherwise. Um, I also noticed too, you know, I've had issues with gyno and just estrogen related fat around my chest. And when I use master on it tightens that up my packs get tightened up, you know, otherwise I have this fat boy pat, pex and, you know, Dupy boobies in the off season. Um, so it does seem to get rid of estrogenic effect or fat, which would, would make sense since it was originally designed as a breast cancer drug. Um, you know, like, like I said, it could be considered as a tertiary drug and hypertrophy. Um, I would use it as my primary antibiotic. I don't think that's productive, you know, maybe you could do something like a test, mandrelone and then throw some master on in there. Um, if you wanted to play with it, just to thought, um, uh, another thing to is fake, premable and is usually master on. They are pretty similar. Um, although a premable and is a stronger antibiotic than master on, but they are pretty similar. So, uh, it would, unless you had ran a test on it, most people probably wouldn't know the fucking difference. Um, I remember, I, I talked to a dude who was arguing with me that that premable and lower it is estrogen. And I'm like, a premable and doesn't do that, dude. He probably got, probably got sort of fake. You got, you got master on, not, not premable and don't fuck anyway. Uh, thank you for watching my video. Uh, please like and subscribe. We got a lot of people watching my videos, not many subscribing. Uh, YouTube, the YouTube gods, the overlords of Google. Like it, we'll just use subscribe to my channel. Um, it helps me out if you want me to make more videos. I need more questions to do so. Uh, feel free to ask questions in the comment section. Um, I'm happy to answer any questions you might have. Also, I'm taking suggestions for other videos. I've had a lot of good, lots of good suggestions. So, if there's something you would like me to make. Uh, I will do that. And also follow me on Instagram at Paul K Barnett. Thank you. Have a great day. Thank you.