Mint, trust along 17A, methyl 19, nor testosterone. This was a special request to somebody on the comment section of one of my other videos. I think it was an antrolone one asked for me to make a video about Mint. I'll be honest with you. I wasn't going to make one because I've never personally used it. I know about it. I've read about it. I know of people that have used it. I haven't. It'll for various reasons. I will get into it. But for me personally, the benefits don't outweigh the side effects. So I've stayed away from it. But we'll take a look at it and we'll talk about it and I'll give you my two cents on it. Why I personally haven't used it and where I think it might be applicable. But we'll look at the actual science of it first. So Mint, trust along. Let's dig in. Properties of Tress along. It is a 19-door testosterone, anabolic steroid. It's a nanderlone derivative. It's very, very similar to nanderlone as the bros call it. It's a n-p-p. It is really the only thing that's different from nanderlone is the modification at the methyl group C7A. It's a little bit different than what this does make it orally available. It's a little bit different than the other oral steroids where it's modified at. This also, this modification also gives it an extremely stronger anabolic and anantrogenic reaction in the body or action in the body. It was originally tested and researched for male birth control and antigen replacement therapy. Never made it past clinical trials or it was never marketed or used clinically in human humans. So never made it past the testing phase. There's your reasons for that. We'll get into it. It is a strong anabolic and anantrogenic, holy fucking shit balls. Anantrogenic rating of 650 s compared to test and an anabolic rating of 2300 s compared to test. We know these ratings are always true in application. This is on paper. It does some other really cool stuff too. It does not bind with s-h-b-g-s-x hormone binding globule. So, s-h-b-g has no effect on it which will also increase the potency of this steroid, which is really fucking cool. It also does not convert to the more anantrogenic DHT via the 5-8-R enzyme. Keep this in mind. 5-A-R inhibitors, per p-sha, phenostaride, whatever, won't work. They don't block the conversion to DHT since it doesn't convert. So if there are anantrogenic sides, you can't block them. It binds strongly with the progestin receptor like trend. It also can convert to methyl estro-diol like deba through aromatase. methyl estro-diol is fucking nasty. It is estrogen-on steroids. So if you have problems with estrogenic sides from estro-diol, you're going to love this one. Effects of trastolone increase protein synthesis. Increase nitrogen retention like other steroids. Strong muscle building action. Dressedic increases in strength. The further people have increased jumps and strength. And just a couple weeks with the stuff. Reduce a sperm count. This goes to reasons since it was tested for breast control, milk, birth control. You would want to love a sperm count. Side effects of trastolone. Here's the rub. Here's why I don't use it. Strong methyl estro-diol side effects. Gino bloating. A strong AI is likely required. I've heard people say, don't take it unless you're using letrasal. And if you've ever used letrasal, it makes you feel like shit. I hate letrasal. I've used it. Contest prep of using it at other times because I have had crazy issues with Gino. I've had two gyno surgeries and it just keeps coming back. So that's why I stay away from this. It also has a strong binding affinity with the progester receptor. This can lead to Gino and prone individuals. If you are sensitive to progesterone, this is going to fuck you up. It has a stronger binding affinity than with the receptor than trend does. It's weird how trend works. Some people are sexual animals on trend. Others get lumped dick and let a sex drive. It's going to be the same with this. If you have problems with trend or nanderlon, this is going to be 10 times worse. So yeah, I'm sure it worked as male birth control. Let a sperm count. You don't want to fuck in your dick won't get hard. That'll definitely keep you from having babies. It is liver toxic as well since it's methylated. Another lovely side effect. The effect on a liver is stronger in the oral form than it is in the injectable form. Infertility would go to reason that if it was marketed as a male birth control pill, that it would cause infertility. I read that some places that the infertility might even be permanent. If you want to have kids, I wouldn't roll the dice with this. It is 12 times more suppressive to HTPA than test. Fucking crazy. 12 times more suppressive than test. Anybody who's run tests for a long time and come, it is come off nose and it takes a while to get your test to come back. So if it's 12 times more suppressive, it may shut you down permanently. Yeah, guys that are worried about cycling on and off, think about that. You're going to be on TRT potentially for the rest of your life if you use this shit. Decreased bone mineral levels in testing, this is one of the reasons they never brought it to market is that it caused osteoporosis in men. That's fucking crazy. Men don't get osteoporosis. Applications for a trastalon. It is supposedly great for size bone. It'll put crazy size on you and great for strength chain gains if you're willing to sell your soul to the devil. This is like signing a deal with the devil crossroads. You're going to potentially never be infernal for the rest of your life. No titties have a limp dick and no sex drive, but God damn it. You're going to get huge and strong. I don't know is it worth it? I don't think so, but that's my two cents. Half life in the oral form, it has an incredibly short half life. It's almost unusable to another reason why it was probably never put to clinical use for our half life, which means you would have to take it five, six times a day for it to be effective. There is a UGL version of it. This is usually what you'll see. It is an acetate. Keep in mind, this is done by Renegade chemist. As far as I know, it was never clinically tested this way. So who knows if it actually works the way it's supposed to work, but the acetate has a three-day half life in theory if it works that way. I've heard that it does. I've never tried it so I don't know. Cycles and doses of what I've heard is a beginner and does 100 milligrams for weak intermediate doses 200 milligrams a week, advanced doses 300 milligrams a week, dozens very similar to trend. I would imagine, well, if it's an acetate, you're going to want to do injections every other day. Women, I don't know how it would be applied to women. I probably would just stay away from it in general. I suppose it doesn't have masculinization effects. I don't know. My thoughts never use it. Never going to, especially at my age, not worth it. I am not taking a chance with it. In theory, it is one of if not the strongest antibiotic there is. Research has shown that it was 10 times more antibiotic in action than tests. This is not the antibiotic-antrogenic rating. This was in research. People experience 10 times the anomalous test produces. With the side effects that you have to take such low doses, it probably is a wash at the end of the day. Practicality, it probably isn't that potent, especially with the UGL stuff who knows what you're really getting. Other concerns I have, if Blasm and my buddy builders will take everything known to man, experiment or not, but when they go to the doctor, they don't want to take a damn blood pressure medicine or cholesterol medicine. They're worried about how that's going to affect them, but they'll take shit like this. Big concern for me would be that it never made a past clinical trials. The nasty estrogen side effects, the methyl estridial, which is, say, was debald. Demo fucked me up. I would not want to mess with that. I would not want to mess with that. Why would you want to roll the dice with us? Your process is a man. It's liver toxic, it should be milder than other things say the adidral as far as liver toxicity. I would be crazy concerned about that, especially with the injectable version that should reduce the liver toxicity of the methylation. I would only consider it, these are the only situations I would actually consider using it. If you're a young dude in great health, you've gotten your blood work done and you're a hell bit on getting your pro-car, but you're just not quite there. You can't get over the hump. You can't get over the hump. You've put in your time in the gym, your 10 years. You're just like, right at the cost of getting a pro-car, then maybe I would consider giving it a whirl. Even then, I don't know if I would. That's just my thoughts on it. I would not roll the dice, but if you're at the edge of a pro-car, and this is your lifelong dream and ambition, and you will put your life in health at risk to get there, then it may be something to consider. Thank you for watching my video. Hopefully this was helpful. I am happy to make more of these, but you've got to like and subscribe my channel. Everybody, watch my videos. Nobody's liking and subscribing. Please like and subscribe. It helps the YouTube, gods, and motivates me to make more videos. I feel free to ask questions in the comments section. I'm happy to answer questions. If there are other videos you would like me to make, please let me know. I would be happy to do so, and follow me on a secret at Paul J. Barnett. Have a great day.