Metformin Hydro Chloride, Glucofage. This commonly known is Metformin. To be clear, we're talking about this in context of body building. How it's used in body building. How it's applied in body building, not for medicinal use. I mean, I guess technically it is medicinal use. The way it's used in body building. But anyway, Metformin's pretty cool little drug. I feel like most people should be using it, especially if you're eating a lot of carbs and taking growth hormone, you should probably be on Metformin. Let's dig into it. We'll talk about why. You learn a little more about this drug. So Metformin, it's an oral anti-hyper glycemic drug. It's to, it was to synthetic form of a natural antibiotic, Guinide, one, die methylated by Guinide variants for those of you chemistry nerds. It was first developed in 1929, so it's old as fuck. But it wasn't actually put their clinical trials until 1959, much later. And it was called Glucofage, Glucofage, however you want to say tomato, I say tomato, which literally means glucose eater. It was approved internationally for use in the 1960s, but wasn't introduced to the US for one hour, or another, stand until the 90s. And now it is the most widely prescribed diabetes medication in the world, it's because it works. So what Metformin does, it increases cellular insulin sensitivity, if I can talk. I don't know why the bros seem to think this, I've corrected several people on this one that I've talked about, but for some reason I think it's an insulin mimicter, it does not work like insulin. It doesn't drive nutrients into the cell. What it does do is increase insulin sensitivity in the cell and receptivity to insulin. insulin actually signals the cell to take nutrients. Metformin and Glucofage does not do that. It also reduces production of glucose by the liver. So sometimes people wouldn't have high fasting glucose levels, sometimes there's a thing called the dawn effect where your liver starts pumping out glucose overnight. This can help with that. Decreases the absorption of sugars through the gastrointract, which is fascinating. It keeps you from absorbing as much over the sugars. Decreases appetite. It's shown to increase the secretion of the weight loss promoting. Inquitone Glucofage on like peptide one. I will tell you my appetite goes down when I'm taking higher doses of metformin. Also fascinating, it has been shown in recent studies to reduce cancer risk. People that have taken metformin in studies have lower cancer rates than those who do not. Studies suggest that metformin inhibits cancer cell growth by activating the AMPK process. That's kind of cool. The effect of metformin, you know, huge warning here and it's rare but it can cause lactic acid doses in some people. I've heard that if you're severely dehydrated, it can cause lactic acid doses. So you're going to be careful about that. Mostly just in diabetics of your healthy and functioning, you probably won't have an issue with it. The most common symptom of the people who get or side effect is gastric distress especially when you first start. It can cause some diarrhea. It definitely had some diarrhea when I first started gas, nausea, indigestion, can also cause headaches. Empared creatinine clearance where kidney disease is present. So if you have any sort of impaired kidney function, you should not take metformin. It's probably bad idea. It also impairs B12 absorption as well. The application of metformin and body building. First of formus, it's used to counter the HDH induced informed resistance, especially when you're taking higher doses of HDH. You need to manage that and metformin is a one way of doing that to increase insulin sensitivity and prevent insulin sensitivity loss from the use of HDH. HDH is a counter regulatory hormone to insulin. It'll, you know, the appetite suppression isn't advantage, especially when you're dieting. If you're not as hungry because of metformin use, that's nice and a little benefit. It works. It's like peanut butter and jelly with insulin. You make your cells more insulin sensitive. And if you're using insulin, you can more easily drive nutrients into the muscle cells. Specifically, it seems that from what I have and, you know, anecdotally, it seems that metformin has a pretty dramatic increase. One muscle cell insulin sensitivity. So if you're using insulin and conjunction with that, it can, you know, if the cells are more sensitive to insulin, you can drive more nutrients or use less insulin to drive nutrients into the cell. Lower fasting glucose levels, which are always good for long-term health. Half life of metformin HDL. We're not talking about the XR version of metformin. The most commonly one you'll see used in bodybuilding is just metformin HDL. It's 4 to 8 hour half life. So ideally, you should be taking it multiple times a day. With meals, I usually split it up in three doses. It's how I do it. You know, I'll take 1,500 milligrams and split it up into three doses throughout the day. Doses, say, almost common doses that you'll see. Beginning dose would be 500 milligrams. I would not start off with more than 500 milligrams unless you want to paint your walls with your butt. You're going to get diarrhea if you start off with 1000 milligrams and a single dose. So start off with 500 milligrams at night. I would say with a meal. Intermediate dose, you know, you can move up to there. If you settle in with that in your stomach, settle down after a couple months, you can go up to a thousand. 1,500 milligrams is, you know, advanced dose. The max that has been clinically tested and suggested is 2,200 milligrams. The pills use to come. I think in 500 or 1000 milligrams, I think it's in eight, 50s. Something weird like that. But the ones I usually see are 1,000 milligrams. So, you know, this is say 2,000 milligrams would be the max. It does. You want to take it a day. My experience, it has a moderate effect on lowering glucose. 1,500 milligrams a day lower than my fasting glucose levels by about 10 points. I do think it does have, it seems like you partitioned. Nutrients better, you know, this is just me. Just brologic here or just, you know, from my experience, I don't have any actual evidence of it. But it seems like when you do eat a ton of carbohydrates, those carbohydrates are used more effectively when you're taking that form. It seems like they do go to the muscle and not your belly. I will tell you, it gives you even after you get over. When I first started taking it, I definitely got diarrhea. I started off with 1000 milligrams. It was a mistake. It tore my stomach. My stomach was a wreck. I have a sensitive stomach too. So, you've got to be careful with the stuff. Even after that settle down, you still get this just nasty smelling. Anybody's taking that form and they know about metformin farts. And the metformin poop, it just has a weird smell to it. It changes something about how your body digest food and it has a rancid smell to your poop in your farts. It's just different. I don't know how to explain it. Other than it's rancid. Definitely start off with 500 milligrams. It is a strong appetite, some present. At least for me. After, once I cranked the dose up to 1500 milligrams, it really really has an effect on my appetite. As I mentioned earlier, it does work well and conjunction with insulin but you gotta be careful. You can go hypol a lot easier than what you could before. So, you're going to have to back off. If you're using insulin, I would suggest backing off your insulin doses until you figure out where you're at. It, you will go hypomore easily when using it with insulin. Metformin by itself generally does not make people go hypoglycemic. I have not heard of it. I did see a listed in the side effects, but I've never heard of anybody going to hypos, glycemic. And go into a hypoglycemic state with metformin alone. Working up to 1500 milligrams, 1,200 milligrams seems to be the sweet spot where it works the best. That allows you to break it up into three daily doses. So, you're having coverage throughout the day. I usually take it in the morning. When I get up middle of the day and then before bad. So, I have three doses. And I try to take one of the meals that seems to anecdotally. It seems to help with the gastric distress. Thank you for watching my video. Please like and subscribe. Feel free to ask questions in the comment section. And if there are other videos on PEDs or, you know, the compounds used in bodybuilding. Let me know. I'm happy to do a profile up on them. I'm going to Instagram at Paul K Barnett. Have a great day.