a a a a surgery is a kind of a embarrassing topic to talk about but I wish somebody put information out there for me. Uh, when I was looking into this and, um, I've had a lot of problems with a guy over the years. I actually first had it when I was a teenager and I was 100% natural and not on anything and I had, I had a guy now just happened naturally. Um, remember when I was a college, um, I would actually, this is also crazy. I would actually lactate from my double sometimes. Um, and I went to the doctor about and the doctor just told me, uh, it's normal. She should happen sometimes. Just not an answer you want to hear when you're college student. Um, I, you know, when I felt the lump under there, I thought I had some sort of, uh, cancer or whatever, but it wasn't. Um, and then, uh, after college, my very first cycle I tried was a friend of mine had some anodrol and it blew up on the anodrol. It just like, I got our gancho on my, uh, my left peck. Um, got pretty pretty, pretty fucking big. And I went back to the doctor again. They told me there was nothing I think I do about it. Uh, and I had no idea about, um, you know, nova decks or any kind of estrogen blockers or anything at the time or a martyred inhibitor, sorry. Uh, so, you know, that was all a mystery. I, uh, I knew it was anodrol was a steroid, I was six steroids. And then I ended up with a bad case of a guy and I found out from it and I swear I would never take anything again after that. And I didn't for a long time for many years. Um, and I ended up going to a general surgeon, I remember I went to this general surgeon and he told me it was a cyst. He didn't even know it was fucking guy now. He didn't know what it was. And so he cut it out, but he did not cut it out properly. He did not remove the gland. He just removed the influent part because he didn't know what the fuck it was. Uh, so, you know, piece of advice make sure if you do look into the surgery that you get an expert on at someone who knows about it, usually plastic surgeon, uh, general surgeons aren't going to usually do a decent job. So he fucked it all up. I eventually ended up getting a guy to again on my right pack and I had to go get surgery on both sides. And this time I had light bow done and the glands removed and, uh, there was good for a while and then I got off of everything and it's funny because I always seem to get guy don't want to come off of stuff. I didn't PCT properly estate offer like 10 years and the guy came back. You can see the picture here on the left. Uh, this was from three years ago, I think, I had to have got a surgery for a third time. So anybody who tells you that got a surgery is permanent in works after the first time. I, that was not my experience. So my guess is that the surgeon did not remove all of the gland. I was emphatic with the surgeon this time to remove all the gland. Um, he actually only did my left, uh, pack which was really the bad one. The right one kind of shrunk up on its own with the use of some noble decks and letters all. There's still little nodules there. Maybe the size of a marble, you can kind of, you look here, you can kind of see it on my, uh, in my pictures there, but it's much smaller than what it was. Uh, but at some point, I probably have that cut out again to it does get inflamed sometimes. Uh, it's some flung right now. I have to be really careful and monitor my, my estrogen tends to get high and I also think I am very progesterone sensitive as well. Probably more so than than anything. Uh, but you know, I had the surgery done again. Um, actually 2019 wasn't even three years ago. It was two years ago. I had surgery done, uh, on my left pack. It was pretty fucking brutal to be honest with you. I, he, I elect it if you, if you get the surgery done, it is cheaper to stay awake, much cheaper. So I decided not to get knocked out in a state of wait for the surgery. I wish I hadn't. It was a pretty perfect experience. And, um, you know, it took him over an hour to get everything out. He said he kept pulling more and more and more stuff out. I couldn't really well the shit he was pulling out of it. I'll show you. I'm going to completely crush you out. So please be for warm, but here's a picture of when he actually pulled out of there. This, this is the shit that he pulled out of my, out of my left pack. It was gigantic. I probably, I'm trying to think of it. It was probably about three, two and a half three inches in diameter and stuff ran all the way up the side of my pack all the way up the side. It was, it was fucking crazy. I didn't think there was that much. And there, and you can see where there was still stitches in there from the old surgery to have her dissolved. It was like from 10 years ago. It was fucking insane. After the surgery, I was pretty beat up to and I will show you that now too. This is what my chest looked like after the surgery. It was pretty inflamed. It was a good month before I could go back to training. I had, you know, it was swollen up. There was blood draining out of it. It was, it was pretty nasty. But, and then, I think these results were pretty solid. You know, I just, you know, all things considering it is pretty tight. Now, what tell you, when he did the surgery on me, he cut, he went through the nipple, cut the nipple off and pulled the skin tighter. The tighten up something to the loose skin around it. You can see, actually in here, there's some little bit of wrinkles and stuff in there. I'm all dysphox, wrinkles are part of life. So, I would say, you know, things to consider if you're going to get gay and no surgery, look for a qualified surgeon who has done these before. If you go in, they don't seem to know what they're talking about. Go to the next doctor and plastic surgeon seem to be the most experienced. Now, this guy went to the last time, did a nice job. And it usually takes a combination of two, two things. They have to go in and actually remove the gland and then they lightbow the flat out from around the peck. The, you know, the estrogenic fat that's there around the peck. So, they do both. The lightbow at first, cut the nipple off, going and then remove the, the gland. But you have to get the gland out and have to get all of it out. If they do not get all the gland out, it's going to grow back again and you're going to have issues again down the road. I know, first hand, don't believe that bullshit that that they'll tell you that once you've had it done, you don't have to get it, get it done again. Make sure they guarantee the surgery. That's another thing too. Most surgeons will guarantee the surgery. I did not have a good experience of my first two surgeries. Third one so far, it's been fine. I wish I had him just go ahead and do the other peck while he was out of even though I just figured there wasn't much in there. I don't know. I don't know if this little bit here is worth taking out. But as I put on weight, as I get heavier, it tends to get bigger. When I die it down and get smaller, it's less noticeable. But something I may consider getting taken out again in the future. If you have questions about gyna surgery, shoot me a message. I know it's kind of an embarrassing topic, but have it to talk to you about it, give me some advice. And please like and subscribe my video or like and subscribe to my channel. Like the video. If I can talk, I go out and watch my videos, but not many people subscribing. Hopefully this helps you some. I wish somebody had put out a video that would have been helpful for me. Thanks.