I'm going to do a video update on my progress. I really don't like talking about myself. It always makes me feel weird. But there are quite a few people reach out to me as to me when I'm doing how trading, PDUs, things like that right now. So I figured I'd go over it with the briefly. Hopefully it's helpful in some instances. You know, if you have questions, let me know. Before I start, please follow me on Instagram at Paul K. Barnett. Like my video and subscribe. I get a lot of people watching these videos. I don't get a lot of people subscribing. It impedes the YouTube gods. If you subscribe, really, subscribe. It really helps me out. I'm trying to get to a thousand subscribers right now. But anyway, that's my goal at the time. But let's dig into this aid a little bit. So post show. Did my bodybuilding show a little over 12 weeks ago. My fast at weight by checking with my trainer just in Harris last week was 259 pounds. My walking around weights like 265, 270. I'm depending on how much I've eaten and how full of poop I am for the day. But 12 weeks post show. I am up 85 pounds. You can see the before and after. I look at my show pictures now. It was pretty amazing. I definitely over died it got in my body just kind of ran away from me at the end. I got way too lean. So you know, don't be too impressed by the 85 pounds off. I should have been heavier at the show. I, you know, I have picked up some body fat along the way. I will say I have not been perfect with a diet. I've been relatively close. You know, maybe an extra cheat meal here and there or by the kids following candy. But I'd say I've been 90% compliant with the diet. We're just doing the typical carbs cycling. I have other videos up about the carbs cycling diet. I don't know if people were that interested in the diet portion of it. I'm not, but. I'm not right now doing height two high days per week with about 800 grams of carbs. So roughly there about. Other training days are medium. Carb days we pulled we pulled the carbs back just to add on those days. You know, right now I am doing I'm doing the math in my head 200 300. I'm 40 50 grams of carbs on the medium training days and on my low days. It's 300 grams of carbs. I do eat a fair amount of carbs. I can seem to get away with it. It keeps me nice and full. As you can see, I'm pretty full right now. My face looks like it's about ready to explode. I don't know what it is about my head, but when I'm in. I'm in my head looks. It swells up like a medicine ball. It's. It's I get the fat head disease. Uh, I hate talking about the stuff because it's I just. I don't know. It makes me uncomfortable, but anyway, I'll share it with you. PDU is a right now. I just finished a cruise. I cruise for about six weeks. I think on just 250 milligrams of test. 40 minutes of GH and 10 milligrams of tomoxophone. It was just, um, not as they up. That's when I put on the majority of the size that I put on after the show was just cruising. Um, you know, I think we eat as much as we could out of the training and the diet. And, you know, I had a fairly productive cruise. I just go to show you. You don't need to take a ton of. Shit. This is just hormone replacement therapy. Essentially, um, you don't need to take a ton of shit to grow. It's just, you know, it's unnecessary for your health. I mean, you want to push. Sometimes there are times you want to push, but you can't get big if you say it's kind of my philosophy. So I used that time. I, uh, blood worms pretty fucked up after the. The show I definitely overdid it for the show. Um, lesson learned will not repeat that mistake the next time. Lessons more. Um, And, uh, you know, so, you know, I used this time to get healthy and my body paid me back by growing. Um, I am weak three of the of a blast, uh, planning on. Blowing a blast for probably 12 to 14 weeks. Um, there should be wrapped up sometime late, you know, I'm going to take a cruise break then again in star contest prep in late February for a targeted show in June. Um, but right now the blast is 750 milligrams a test a week, 600 milligrams of equal employees. I am taking 12.5 milligrams of extra messaging every other day. Primarily, I've, I don't know if I've got a lot of a guy enough flare up. I'm going to see it in my picture on my right pack. Uh, kind of surgery twice. I don't know how this shit just keeps fucking coming back. But, um, I have a, you know, I seem to shrunk out this now, but I've got like a marble size knob and my, under my right nipple. So fucking annoying after having surgery done a couple times. I am super sensitive to anything that I've ruined ties. I probably should have went with something dryer like a, uh, prima ball and, but prima ball and typically fake. So I'm kind of scared to use prima ball and, um, but anyway, uh, so 750 milligrams of test, 600 milligrams of equal, um, I think pretty modern doses for my size. Um, six units of GH, um, every day, uh, put a video up basically about GH. I find that anything more than six units, uh, just causes me to, I mean, it, my blood sugar to get out of whack and, um, I get achy and, you know, my hands go numb. It's shit like that. So I just don't find it productive. Um, he and the log on the high days has needed. Um, I'll do a video about insulin at some point. Um, health indicators. Uh, I have my blood worked on a couple weeks ago. Um, I checked my blood pressure every day. My pulse every day, fast and glucose every day. Uh, blood pressure is one 20 over 80 on average. Sometimes lower, sometimes higher, but that's just kind of about where it runs. But when 20 over 80, when 20 over 75, uh, considering my size, you know, and, you know, I am carrying some water that's pretty decent. Uh, resting pulse has dropped since the show. I guess because of removing the stimulants, but, um, my, nighttime pulses about 62 right now, low 60s, it seems to be where bottoms out. I don't really get much lower than that. You know, you don't want to 50 years old and, you know, to over 250 pounds, I think that's pretty solid for the resting pulse rate. Uh, fasting glucose. Been a little higher than what I would like, but I've gotten it down. It went nuts after the show. I, I'm, I'm pre diabetic or borderline diabetic. I beat these runs in my family. Um, so I pushed the GH up to eight units during the show, and I don't know if that fucked my, like, glucose tolerance up. I also went on a, uh, a bender after the show, eating a lot of sugar, uh, which I can't get away with. I can't eat sweets and get away with it. It just fucked me up. Um, so it's been around 110 on average right now. I, it's higher than what I would like. I want to get it down into the 90s. Um, so I am working on that. Um, by blood work, uh, everything was pretty much back in normal after the show. My, my liver was completely blown out of the show. My throat was fucked up. Everything, everything was, you know, so there's are the two things that were kind of messed up. Actually, my lipids were surprisingly great after the show, and they got worse. Probably from eating like shit, um, more than anything. So my, uh, my HDL was a tad low at 38. It should be over 40, but 38's not too crazy. My, LDL was just a bit high. It wasn't, wasn't anything stupid. I think it was like 120 or something. Um, which all things considering all the shit food I was eating for, for a while after the show, it's probably not too bad. My triglycerides were blown out though. They were close to 300. I think a combination of the novel decks. Too much sugar in my diet and in my, in my blood sugar just running high constantly. Push my triglycerides higher. Getting that back under control now, uh, tightening my diet up. I dropped the novel decks and everything's. Has been shown in clinical trials to raise triglycerides. I never have had an issue with it before, but I pulled it out out. I'm going to bun it's a caution. We'll see if it makes any difference. Kidneys were in great shape. My GFR was in 97. Um, the thyroid, um, had mostly returned to normal. Um, T3 was great. Um, my T4 was just a tad under normal. Just a tad. It just like one, one tenth of a point under normal. It wasn't anything crazy. So I would assume that would, um, Return to normal. My T3 was actually high, which it's funny because of my, you know, Usually people run a lot of GH3 tickets. I just have super fast metabolism. I think my, my T3 is always high naturally. I don't do anything. It just, it's just that way. Um, liver values were back to perfect. Um, my hematicrit was the high end of normal. I think it was 49 or 50. Um, I have to keep an eye on that with using, um, Equipways because Equipways does raise your hermaticrit. Um, our prescription medicines that I'm on. I'm on metformin for the glucose control. Um, I also use, uh, Atlantis at night. Um, you know, a basal insulin to help with the. Keep my blood sugar and check. Um, X forge, which is a, uh, Blood pressure medicine. I have, I have, Mess around with different blood pressure medicines. And this one works the best out of any of every use. I mean, it. I take a half a pill and it pulls me down to, um, You know, 120 over 80. My blood pressure tends to run high normally. Even when I was 170 pounds and cows, my blood pressure was high. Um, but, um, And the dumpying has two different blood pressure medicines. And it's, so it hits two pathways for lowering blood pressure. It has a calcium channel blocker and, um, And angiotensin receptor blocker. So it works through both ways of trade. Uh, calcium channel blockers by themselves. They don't make much of a difference in my blood pressure. And I'm trying to be by themselves. And it, it wasn't as good. But the two together, even though it's lower doses seems to have some. Center G that really pulls my blood pressure down. Uh, I'm also, um, Taking prevestatin to get my triglycerides in, um, The lowest dose possible. I figured what is the five milligrams or something. Don't quote me on that. Whatever the doctor gave me. But, um, To get my, uh, To get my cholesterol on triglycerides back and check a, It's quite a pay attention to that, Especially, you know, you hear, Surged Sean Rodin potentially had a heart attack. This, this is something to keep an eye on. A lot of guys don't pay attention to see if they have, uh, Um, Blockages or or high cholesterol, you know, Years and years of fucking with, um, This is the thing with, with, with taking too many anti estrogens and stay on, Dry, sterage your, where, where your estrogens gets crushed. After a while, it'll take an effect on your lipids and, And it can cause you to have a, a blockage. And potentially a heart attack, you know, So just something to keep an eye on. Um, I don't know why guys will take tons of gear, But they won't take it. Take, uh, They won't take a statin to lower their, Cluster, just makes no fucking sense to me. Um, if the low dose ones do help in they pretty much have, I mean, My experience in no side of very, very, Minor side effects at vending it all. Uh, training, um, I have another video up on training. If you want to check out and see how my training looks, But I'm doing a high volume period ice training. Um, I, um, Um, it's a Renaissance periodization style training. Um, We're ration up the volume over five to six week period and pull back. The recent, And then keep rationing up. Push, Wait up where it makes sense, But this is probably the lightest I've ever trained. Um, This is more high rep high volume style training. I did have my shoulders been bothering me. I have a shoulder that has a partially torn legroom in it. It's, you know, Judzzy injury and everyone's from on my shoulder. It's pop out of socket and it popped out of socket when I was doing Chin up. So now it hurts when I do any kind of shoulder pressing or by set curl. So I've had to go light on the shoulder presses and just kind of train around it. Um, That's the thing with injuries. Lots of people will just give up on they get an injury and don't train it all. Just work around it. Don't do shit. I have to have a simple role. Uh, train our work with in the past, Tell me this and actually one of my buddies and exercise for theologist. If it hurts, Don't do it. That's simple. You can work around just about any injury. Hell, I was back in the gym two days after I had my ACL surgery on, You know, you can do up our body. Um, You know, not saying that that was smart, But just something to just something to think about. Uh, you know, You can work around just about any injury. Don't give up. You know, keep working. Um, Anyway, thank you for watching my video. If you have any questions, Please let me know in the comments section. Please like and subscribe. If there are other videos you'd like me to make, Um, let me know as well. I'm open for suggestions and follow me on Instagram at Paul K. Barnett. Thanks.