Nandrolone for you, Jim Bros. commonly known as Deca, even though Deca is not the hormone, Deca is the Esther attached to the hormone, but it's Nandrolone for Jim Bros. Deca. Anyway, let's get into Nandrolone. Properties of Nandrolone is a 19-nore testosterone anabolic steroid. It is very similar to test infrastructure, but it lacks the carbon at the 19th position, hence the 19-nore nor for none. It has very strong anabolic properties in weaker endogenic properties, which makes it an ideal steroid for muscle building and lower side effects from the endogenic side of the column. It has an endogenic rating of 37, and an anabolic rating of 125. The effects of Nandrolone increase protein synthesis increased nitrogen retention, increased IGF1 production, increased red blood cell count, even though I haven't seen red blood cell count about that much with Nandrolone, they say it does. Inhibition of glucocorticoids, much like trend, it does. I don't think it has a strong effect this trend does. I'm just speaking from my own experience, I don't have any scientific data to back that up. You know, somebody may know more than me, but I have noticed that the effect of suppressing cortisol not to be as strong. I have also not used Nandrolone in a hard cut either, so I don't know. Increase bone mineral content and the increased collagen synthesis. This is one thing that's unique with Nandrolone versus other steroids. It makes your joints feel good. Side effects of Nandrolone. It's actually one of the mildest steroids. It's kind of gotten a bad reputation for big full side effects. I don't know why. I think maybe because dudes would get limb dicks from it and therefore because you can get a limb dick from it, they don't think it's a good steroid. Trink can give you limb dicks. I don't hear people talking about trend in the same light and trend is fucking awful for side effects. It does have a slight estrogenic conversion. It aromatizes at a much lower rate than testosterone, but it can cause guino in bloating. I suspect that a lot of the side effects that people experience with Nandrolone are not actually the Nandrolone, but the large amounts of tests they take with Nandrolone are they don't have things in balance. It does have a strong binding affinity with the progesterone receptor. If you're susceptible to progestinate, side effects just keep that in mind. It can lead to guino in some people. It seems to be much worse when combined with aromatizing hormones such as testosterone. Nandrolone does irritate my guy on the past. I had the glands removed, but in the past it would irritate it a little bit. Not to the same degree that trend seemed to. It can skew lipid profiles more strongly than tests from what I understand. I haven't seen it in my blood work, but that's what I understand. It can have some anecdotal information and it can be negative impact on cardiovascular health. Applications for Nandrolone, hands down. I think it's the best thing about cerefracized building. If you want you joins to feel good, if you want to get big, you want great strength gains. You want great size pain, it gains without joint pain. I don't think there's anything better. It'd be honest with you. It's my favorite steroid foresight. I just love it. I feel great when I'm on it. And another thing makes me bigger. Nothing makes me fuller. Nothing makes me stronger than Nandrolone does. Common esters always discloses the ester. It's not, if I go to get tired of hearing me saying this. The ester does not change the underlying hormone. It changes the rate at which the hormones are released into your system. Nandrolone decannates. They have like 12 to 15 days. It is definitely one of the longer lasting ones I have for a study where people have had drug tests. And Nandrolone has showed up like up to a year later. I don't know how true that is. I've never had to be tested for these things. But if you're a tested athlete, Nandrolone's probably a poor choice wouldn't take it. Nandrolone phenyl propionates. Half life of three days. This is my preferred choice of Nandrolone. I like getting it in fast, getting it out of my system fast. I just think that the decannates esters are too long. I don't particularly care for super long esters personally because I like to switch compounds. I don't want shit that's going to stay in my system for six months. But that's just me. I don't know if there's any science behind this. But I feel like there are less side effects with NPP than there are. DECA maybe it has something to do with the how long the hormone stays in your system and the doubling effect from the long ester or it could be just all my fucking head. I don't know. But I felt like NPP doesn't have the same issues that decadates for me at least. It's probably all my head. But there's a thing about it. There's I don't know if there's a logical reason for it. But that's just been my experience. Cyclocent doses, good beginner doses, probably two to 300 milligrams a week. Intermediate dose is 300 to 500 milligrams per week. Advanced doses 750 milligrams a week. There's some brologic that you're supposed to take more tests than you do. Nandrolone. I don't know. I've run Nandrolone only cycles before. I don't know if there's any compelling logic to that theory. But anyway, I've run Nandrolone only cycles have been just fine. My experience, as I said, my favorite hands down for size and strength, feel awesome when I take Nandrolone. Nandrolone just agrees with me. I love it. Side effects that I have experienced, sometimes it can make you really limp. Sometimes you dick don't work. It does happen. I found my sex drive was just fine. But I haven't had those issues recently. I found when I ran Nandrolone by itself. With no tests, I had no sex drive. But my dick worked just fine. When I ran Nandrolone with tests, I had tons of sex drive and sometimes my dick didn't want to work. Seems like the ED is at higher doses. The whole brologic of running less Nandrolone than tests probably has to do with the whole ED thing. That's the theory I've heard. I don't know if it makes any sense. But maybe you're just overpowering the Nandrolone with the tests if you take high doses. Nandrolone can cause gynafler apps. I did have some soreness and nipples and stuff before with Nandrolone. Not like with Trann where I was full blown lactating when I was taking Trann. Nandrolone does make me anxious sometimes, especially if whenever I ran Nandrolone only cycles it gives me a little bit of anxiety, nothing to belating but it definitely makes me a little anxious. When running with tests, it does sometimes make my blood pressure grow up. I prefer, as I mentioned, I prefer NPP overdeck anyway. Thank you for watching. Please subscribe. Feel free to ask questions in the comments section. If there's any other videos you would like, let me know and follow me on Instagram at Paul. Okay, Barnab. Thank you.