of buy a lot of bode uh... by the auto but in a when it began to be not some bolt of it out to let It's set or off. Before I do that though, I get a lot of people watching the videos, not a lot of people subscribing, so I'd really appreciate it if you subscribe. It motivates me to make more of these videos. I play on a keep on making them anyway, but hopefully find this information helpful if you do subscribe. It helps me out. Once I can do your time and like the video, feel free to comment to if you have questions. I can help with having to answer your questions to and I return to the favorite to you. And share with friends if you find my information helpful. Anyway, let's dig into this. So, no, the decks. Properties on overdets. It is a oral non-steroidal anti-astrogen drug. As I mentioned at the beginning, it is a selective estrogen receptor modulator. I want to dispel this brometh right now. I'll grow them all into estrogen and the same category. It is not an aromatase inhibitor like letrasal or nastrasal. It's not completely different. It what it does is blocks, the selective leaves blocks, the estrogen from attaching to the receptor in breast tissue. It is really cool about it is the selective part of it. I mentioned it attached to the breast tissue, but it is both an agonist ant antagonist. So, in the liver, it actually acts as an estrogen and as a result causes improvement in cholesterol levels. Cool thing. It improves your good cholesterol. It is originally developed as a breast cancer treatment drug. All these anti-astrogen drugs were for the most part. It was first made in 1962. It was initially tested as a fertility drug. It does stem, stemming each hypo-thomas-paturatory axis. In 1977, it was tested as a breast cancer treatment drug. It has been around for a while. I don't call it this, but I recall it first being used in the bodybuilding in some time during the 80s. It affects of novel decks. It blocks estrogen in the breast tissue. Why is this important? Because that's what causes gynauthe happen a lot of times. estrogen related gynauthe is from the estrogen attaching to the gland and the breast in causing growth. So, it reduces estrogen-stimulated breast tissue growth. It is used in conjunction with the romatees and studies have shown that it causes a regression in breast growth. This is for cancer treatment, but it also works on gynauthe if you catch it early. I'm talking about like pea-sized nubs or smaller. Maybe it's a marble usually at that point. If you catch gynauthe early, you use a novel decks in conjunction with a strong aromatees inhibitor. Usually, the one that works the best in my experience, you can shrink that gynauthe back up. As I mentioned earlier, it stimulates the liver and it produces good cholesterol HDL, which is really fricking cool. It also increases FAH and LH, mentioned that as well through the hypopathyothelmospheterutary axis. Side effects of novel decks, hot flashes, upsets stomach, lightheadedness, a demon that can blow it up, hair loss, lowered, bread, blood cells count. I never really knew about that until I researched this, so maybe it can help counteract. People that have traumatic crit issues, I generally use novel decks, and I've never had major hematocrine issues. Maybe that's why I thought maybe it was just something genetically with me that I don't get a manicure issues. Maybe it's the novel decks. I don't know. I've never really had a lot of side effects with it, but bodybuilding uses for novel decks. Obviously, use the combat gynauthe without crushing estrogen. That is a good point. In the off season when we're blocking estrogen is good for building size. It also is good for our health. Our cardiovascular health are neurological health. If we can keep estrogen under management while using aromatizing steroids by just using novel decks, we're probably better off with health-wise. Your cardiovascular health is going to be better. Your neurological health is going to be better. Anti-assurances are pretty rough. Now, keep in mind, this is also a good application for steroids that don't aromatize, but do interact with the estrogen receptor. An example would be anodrol. First of all, I got it. I was from anodrol, and anodrol does not aromatize, and I hear a lot of knuckleheads taking aromatase inhibitors to help with it. This in theory should help. It improves your lip. It actually makes your cholesterol better. It potentially lower your red blood cell count, helps with that hermitic red thing. It is also good for hardening up the chest region in contests, but I definitely have noticed that it tightens the chest up. Novel decks have like 12 hours. Ideally, you should be dosing it twice per day. Doses that I see. I hate beginner intermediate advance. It depends on how strong your estrogen related issues are. As with all things, you want to use the least amount possible. This is all about harm reduction for me. And the best way to reduce harm is to use less drugs. Use no drugs is even better. Beginner. Probably 10 milligrams per day. This is about the end of the lowest dose. Your effective dose. Intermediate 20 milligrams per day. That's typically where I use it. Sometimes I do 10. I get away 10, but 20 seems to be pretty effective. 30 milligrams a day. You've got a really bad case of gyno. That's what I want to push it up to that. My experience, I really have not noticed any side effects from it. It doesn't cause me any issues. My estrogen, as I've mentioned in other videos, runs really high. Novel decks alone for me when rather than having heavily aromatizable steroids. Is that even a word aromatizable? It's steroids that aromatize heavily. How about that? It hasn't been enough for me to stop. I've got to use it in construction with AI. I can get away with a small dosage. It definitely helps tighten my chest up on contests. I had some fat and loosen this around my chest. Going into this last contests. As soon as I add it, novel decks end up my anti-astrogens. It's tightened right up. As I mentioned before, I typically run 20 milligrams per day. That seems to be able for me. I think that's the therapeutic dose. Don't quote me on that. Thank you for watching my video. I really appreciate everybody that's been subscribing. I'm really trying to put up videos that I would have found helpful when I'm learning about this stuff. If you appreciate my videos, please like and subscribe. Keep that in the ground. Feel free to ask questions. If you have any questions, I'm happy to answer your questions. That's why I'm doing this. If there are any other videos on PEDs, you would like to meet me. Let me know. I'm happy to take suggestions or request. Follow me on Instagram if you want to keep updated on upcoming videos. And what's going on with me? My Instagram is Paul K. Barn and Met. Thank you.