Nutrition labels smack down on today's edition. We have the kind bar, peanut butter, dark chocolate, versus Snickers, the King of Vulcan Andy bars. My personal favorite, if I'm going to get stupid with candy, it's going to be a Snickers bar. The kind bar, healthy grains, chewy with a crunch, five super grains in this formula. 100% whole grains, 19 grams per bar, it's gluten free, it's got a key line, it's got to be healthy, right? They say it's healthy on the label, so it's got to be healthy. Snickers bar, milk chocolate, peanuts, caramel, and new get. What the fuck is new get anyway? I still have a figure that one out, and some one, tell me what that new get is. All right, so let's take a look at these. Snickers bar nutrition, a 34 gram serving of Snickers has 160 calories. Eight grams of fat, three grams of saturated fat, 21 grams of carbs with 18 of that from glorious sugar. One gram of fiber, I don't think we're eating Snickers bars to help our bowel movements and three grams of protein, probably from the peanuts. The kind bar nutrition, 150 calories per 35 grams serving, you'll see the serving size. It's almost identical to a Snickers bar. Five grams of fat, one gram of saturated fat, 23 grams of carbs, only seven grams of sugar, and three grams of protein. I remember these to clean these things for high protein, and then they got in trouble for fucking up their nutrition labels and changed it. Yeah. So I'll go to look at the time bars nutrition. It does use cane sugar, okay? I'll give them that. Has canola oil on it, which is garbage. Everything else seems to be natural organic, whatever the fuck you want to call it, but it's not full of chemicals. So it does seem to be all natural ingredients for the most part. The Snickers bar ingredients, it's surprisingly, mostly natural. So you'll see the milk chocolate in it, which is made of sugar, cocoa, butter, chocolate, skim milk, lactose, milk fat, soy, and artificial flavor. That's what gives it that chocolate goodness. And the rest of the bars made out peanuts, good old corn syrup, which is garbage, sugar, palm oil, palm oils, junk to, skim milk, lactose, salt, egg whites, and artificial flavor. I guess besides the artificial flavor, it is pretty much all natural ingredients. So that's surprising, right? Who would have thought that Snickers bars had natural ingredients in it? You would think it's a bunch of fucking chemicals. Comparing them both, the kind bar certainly would win on quality of ingredients. I mean, if you've ever eaten a kind bar, they do seem to have high quality ingredients. It has less sugar, slightly less fat, nothing to write home about. Snickers bar, like I said, it's surprising that the ingredients aren't garbage. They're actually natural ingredients for the most part. It does have less total carbs even though this more sugar. And that's kind of surprising too. So my thoughts from these two, coerically, they're exactly the fucking same. Almost identical. You look at the, it's almost the identical amount of calories above. I did also, you know, doing some digging. I found out that the FDA has warned kind. More than once, not to put healthy on their labels, that it is not healthy. The FDA said it's a candy bar. But you don't know that. The FDA considers the kind bar a candy bar, not some sort of healthy snack. Even though they still put healthy on there, they get away with it now, because they don't say a healthy snack. They say healthy greens, healthy greens, fucking bullshit. For fat loss, we always have to remember that thermodynamics, rules, king calories in calories out. If you're going to lose fat, you have to burn more calories than you take in. If you take in more calories than you burn, you're going to get in fat. And everybody seems to be under this notion that just because they eat natural calories, that somehow that makes them more healthy than eating. Shit calories. Maybe it's probably marginal, but for the most part, obesity is what is the leading cause of mortality in the United States. And what causes obesity? Eating too many calories. It's not eating enough quinoa. It's eating too many calories. Now, keep in mind that eating healthy foods generally is more filling and saciating. And there's micro nutrients and things like that. I'm not saying that eating, I try to eat whole foods where I can to. It certainly is better for you. But it's in the day. Being fat is what kills people. Insignuating the kind is healthy. I just, that really pisses me off. There's a lot of these faux health foods out there. It's really fucking bullshit. These places should be fine for doing this stuff. I can't tell you how many fake healthy foods are on the shelf when you actually look at the nutrition labels. There's nothing healthy. Like I said, nutritionally, it is the same thing. It's the eating of fucking Snickers bar. The same. So there's no real perceivable benefit for eating the kind of bar over a Snickers bar. They're both candy bars. If you like the kind of bar better, fucking go for it. Eat it, go for it. Me personally. If I'm going to have something, I'm just going to eat the damn Snickers bar. I like Snickers. It's my favorite. You know, I'm not going to have a fool myself and think that the kind bar somehow better for me. I just go to have a Snickers bar. Just enjoy your life. Eat the fucking Snickers bar if that's what you want. If you like the kind bar, eat it. But it's not healthier for you in the long run. Really isn't. Anyway, that's my thoughts on this. Please like and subscribe. I'm trying to get this YouTube channel up and running. And if you have other videos you want me to do, other nutrition labels you want me to compare, I'd be happy to compare them. Have a great day.