So today we're going to dig into my push-show training system. I've switched up from what I used to do. We'll talk about that a little bit, but a lot of people asked me about my training. I've set copies of my training program to, I don't have any people probably. It doesn't have more right now. So I figured I do video up just to talk about the high-gallet level concept of my training. I'm doing a periodized volume training. It's very different from the way I trained in the past. I think it's been very effective. I've seen a lot of growth from it. We'll see if that continues as I move into a high-perrophy phase. But I'm going to ride this out and see how it goes. Let's dig into it a little bit more. My old training style, the way I trained before, I've always been a high-intensity training guy, more of a durian-yates style. I used to work with Dante Trudeau way a long time ago back in the early 2000s and did DC training for many, many years. So I've always done low volume high intensity, everything, balls to the wall to failure, past failure, type training. I'll be honest with you, I tried doing the training to contest, perhaps this time in the wheels just fell off the cart. I couldn't sustain it. I was dead at the end. I'm pushing close to 50 years old now. I'm starting to have a lot of joint issues in that style of training. It isn't good for gym longevity. You look at the guys that trained with that style of training, with heavy weights, everything to failure. Dorian Yates, Ronnie Coleman, none of these guys last a long time and they end up getting major injuries. A lot of them stop lifting just all together or can't lift anymore. I don't want to be in that situation. I did my heavy lifting when I was younger. I do think there is a time in a place for it. I was always, for me, this concept of the new program on one, you don't train to failure. It's just hard for me to wrap my head around because I have always trained to failure. The results have been ridiculous to be honest with you. I was trained in the 5 to 8 rep range and now pretty much nothings below 10 reps. This is just a total departure for me. There's still progressive overload involved so I don't think that that's not involved. The progressive overload, the priority with the progression now is with incrementally increasing volume and load is part of it too. The volume is prioritized over load where it was the opposite way around my old training. Metimal volume maximum load was the way that I was training before and then I'm always trained to be honest with you. A lot of the new research out now, I'm a book junky every tons and tons and tons of books. I've got a lot of training and high-perchrophy. I read several really good books. Sometimes you have to take studies with a grain of salt. There's conditions with those studies that maybe just a unique, unique result and not repeatable again on another study. I consider that when I look at studies but there have been multiple 10 to 12 studies. Maybe even more. At least that I found on training for high-perchrophy and what is the most effective. And volume, every one of them says volume is the most important thing for high-perchrophy. The more volume within your capability of recovering the more effective it is for high-perchrophy. And I found that fascinating because I've never trained with volume before. All my heroes and bodybuilding were lower volume, especially during the years. He was my hero when I was younger. The new research shows that that's just not the case. People were probably genetic freaks or maybe Doria was just unique in his ability to generate such stimulus from single sets that he could stimulate growth. I don't know or maybe it was his muscle fiber type distribution. And why out about these new studies is that going to failure is less important and lifting heavy weight is less important than the actual volume. And you think about it. You see a lot of guys, Jay Cochlers, an example of it. I actually talked to him for a bit about training when I did my bodybuilding show earlier. The summer and he said, you know, asking how often he trained a failure and he said never. That shot to me. God told me never you never trained a failure. And he said, you know, he was talking about how he would do dumbbell pressants with the 80 pound dumbbells or 90 pound dumbbells. And and he goes, is that heavy? I don't know. What is heavy? He goes, it's all relative. And that just kind of blew my mind. He said this after I had already read these books. And that kind of cemented it in my head that I needed to make a change in my training program. He was just talking about how he was hanging out with the guys in the master's bodybuilding. And asking us how we trained and talking about his training. And he was saying how he just doesn't think that the of his style of training is sustainable. You know, the heavy duty, style training is sustainable into older age. And I would have to agree with him. Also in these studies, they've shown that the rep range is for hypertrophy, the ideal rep range is, and it's a scale is 8 to 20 reps. And it's more about time under tension than it is really reps. So I'll do another video about that. But, you know, big compound movements, you're spending just as much time under tension with say 8 reps as you would say on dumbbell ladders with 15 reps or 20 reps. Higher reps do cause more metabolic adaptation, which seems to be for cell volumization. It seems to be more important. And, you know, like I said, I tested it out of my rebound and I've never had so much growth in success and training in my life in a short, six week period. Of course, this was a novel stimulus for me. I've never trained like that before. Anytime you have a novel stimulus, you're going to have probably rapid adaptation and then it's closed down. So the reality will be coming on these next cycles, which I just started one right now. So, some suggested reading. If you really want to go down this rabbit hole like I did three books, I highly would suggest that I read that are our volume-based training books that are written by actual scientists, physiology, exercise physiology, just people that are experts in this field, not some bro. These are scientists that have done research, analyzed that research and put it into application. The science and development of muscle hypertrophy by Dr. Brown Bradshaw, I will tell you, this one is very dense. It's very sciencey, so you might not want to start off with that one. If dense science stuff is hard for you to digest, you can probably even skip it. It's referenced in the other two books I have here, but I thought it was important to read the science behind it. That type of geeks me out anyway. The scientific principles of hypertrophy training by Dr. Mike Isriotel, this book, by out of the ones I read, is the most concise and easy to understand. I think he also has a video companion series on their Renaissance periodization channel on YouTube that goes through the whole book. It's really fucking cool. He actually expands on some of the principles he talks about in the book and explains them in video lectures. It's like going through a course. I watched him all. This is what a door can happen. I'm watching him all two three times now. The muscle strength in strength pyramid by Dr. Eric Holmes. This is one of Mike Isriotel. Reckonbin also very good, easy to digest. Probably I don't think it's quite as good as Mike's book, but it's pretty solid. I would also suggest that one as well. The program concept, the way I am doing it, you're trying to jam as much frequency in as you can recover from. The more times it's really a simple concept, the more frequency you have, the more stimulus you put on the muscle to generate protein synthesis. The more opportunities you have for growth. The typical growth split that most body builders do are you trade everything once a week? You're only getting, when you think about it, you're getting 52 growth opportunities a year, assuming that you train hard every single week, which we know is not the case. People take vacation, they must work out. But for a simple math year, we'll say 52 growth opportunities a year. I am doing a modified push pull legs, ppl split, and I'm training six days a week. I'm hitting everything twice a week. So that gives you 104 growth opportunities per year. So in the six week, Mesocycle, I just did. I had as many growth opportunities during that Mesocycle as somebody would in a 12 week training block. Now, it's not to say that every year you grow every time, but this is the more stimulus you give, the more opportunities for growth you probably are increasing the chances of growth. Most of these studies have shown that higher frequency also is important, not only high volume, high frequency is important as well, and splitting that volume up between multiple sessions. So much so that in some of the studies, people were even doing whole body workouts four times a week. I just don't think you can be a polished body builder or do that. You can't give the attention to body some of the smaller body parts that you need to be a complete body builder to do that. But it's possible that you could do, you know, if you're a novel, novice trainer, you could do upper lower, and get away with that, maybe training three times a week. That's your upper lower upper lower lower tick a day off. That's possible. So you set it up and I'll get a little more detail about it in a second, but you set it up in a six to eight week block, and slowly your progressive overload here is increasing volume. The idea is to generate enough stimulus from muscle growth, and no more than what you need. So if you go in and you blast everything right out of the gate, where are you going to progress to? So you kind of paint yourself into a corner, and plus you're accumulating unnecessary fatigue if that stimulus, you know, a lower volume at the beginning of the block gives stimulates growth. So you're kind of wasting recovery ability at that point. And this varies person in person. So the idea is to start off with the minimum effective volume, Dr. Mike is your talk calls that M.E.V. minimum effective volume, which is the minimum amount of volume that's necessary to stimulate muscle proteins at this is. And we're going to slowly work our way up to the maximum recoverable volume. And really both of these variables, you know, these various factors that go into them, that age, older people don't, you know, you need, you probably can't handle as much volume, lifting experience, PDUs, if you're using PDUs, you're probably going to have more recovery ability genetics play a role on it. But everybody kind of falls into this certain range, you know, it's, you know, from what I've seen somewhere between 10 sets per week to 25 sets per week per body part with the minimum in maximum recoverable volume. Okay. And, you know, you want, you don't, you don't want to go past your maximum recoverable volume. Maybe in short bursts just to see where it is because you're going to dig yourself into a fatigue hole that's going to take weeks to get out of if you sustain that and we've all been there before if you train hard. The periodization goes just like I said six to eight week blocks. Only the last one to two weeks should be at maximum recoverable volume and pushing close to failure on reps. We're going to, we're going to be a holding short of failure in the weeks before. And then you take a resensinization slash d-load whatever you want to call, you know, they they call a resensinization. We back off for a couple weeks or a week depending on how much help overextended you are. Let your joins in connect a tissue heal up and let your body resensitize to the volume and then you start over again with these heavier loads. Okay, so I'll answer a mention. This, this, look into the training periodization and detail. So a week one, the minimum effect of volume, stop a few reps shorter failure. I, you know, this whole thing of four reps in reserve with three reps in reserve. I can't, I don't know how to fuck you tall. I guess you're just estimating, you know, I think some people are pluses and have never trained a failure in their life and, you know, everything has a couple reps in reserve. So it's hard to say, I would just say, you know, use common sense, stop just shy of failure. You know, that's what I've been doing. It's weird for me because I've always dreamed of failure. It's the opposite weeks two, three, four, you're gradually ramping up the volume. The worst scenario we're going to want to six week block here. You know, so you're going to ramp up to your maximum recoverable volume. Weeks five to the end are going to be, you know, at maximum recoverable volume, you can push closer to failure on the last week or two. And you go right up to where you feel like you're overextending, what you can recover from or just slightly past it. You can extend it, you know, if you make it the week six, you feel great. You feel like you're making great progress. You can put another week or two in there. The idea is, as you kind of want to play with walking right up to that line of being overextended, but not past it. If you dig yourself into a recovery hole, it's going to take weeks to dig yourself back out of it. You're going to have to do a three, four week d-load if you get really, really overextended. I think it's pretty hard to do to be honest with you. My, my belief and I've said it in other videos is that most people don't train hard enough to dig themselves into that kind of hole. There are the exceptions to the rule, but I wanted to leak resensitization phase should be plenty. You know, so the idea is, after you complete the block, you take your de-load resensitization phase. I did 20 reps on everything at 60% of the weight that I left off on. Now, this is purely just to keep blood flowing through the muscle. Give your joints a break. Give your connective tissue a break. You could even take a week off in the gym if you wanted to. I would think keeping some blood flow going is probably more optimal. My current lifting split, this is how I am doing a, and you can prioritize a basal and weaker lagging body parts. But if you're novice to an intermediate trader, you don't really need to do that. I consider myself intermediate or an advanced intermediate. I don't know. But so this is how I go push with a chest focus. And what I mean by chest focus on day one, I am going to do much as exercises first while I'm fresh in the workout. That means I have more gas than tank to push chest. Okay. Next day would be legs with a quads focus. I do exercises that you don't like narrow leg press, high bar squats, things like that that are more geared towards quad development leg extensions. And then we have pull in abs with a thickness focus. And what I mean by back thickness is rowing exercises. Anything that's rowing exercises is going to contribute to back thickness. Then I take a day off. Then we have push again with shoulders focus. What I mean with this? We do chest after shoulders on the day. We hit shoulders first. So shoulders get blasted while you the gas tank is full legs. This day, it's hands, adductors and glutes focus. So we'll do our hamstrings first on this day. Stiff leg at deadloves leg curls, things like that. Adductors and glutes focus in what I mean by that are usually wide stance, whether that's you know, sumo squats, high and wide on the leg press, things like that lunges that are more gluten adductor focused. Then we'll have pull in abs again. And this time pull will be with focused. And what we mean by with focus, with focus for back is pulled down exercise maybe chance, cable pull downs, narrow grip pull downs, things such as that. And then we repeat the routine again. So it's six days a week. Okay, one day off cardio. It's the main taint. Some cardio, vascular health. We'll do hit cardio. I'll do hit cardio four times per week for 12 to 15 minutes. Usually I use the elliptical or the spinning bike. If you can get a 30 or 40 minute walk in during the day, you can solve that out. But I personally believe that hit cardio is better for cardio vascular health. This is not for fat burning. The ideal time to do it would be morning or somewhere not around your workout. You could do a post workout if you want, but that does dip into your recovery a little bit. It probably makes a minimal difference. I'm lazy and don't want to get up in the morning. Do cardio when I'm not in pre-contest phase. So I'll just do a post workout. I don't think it affects recovery that much. Anyway, that's it. The nutshell. I don't want to, you know, I'll put some other videos up when we dig into it a little bit further. But if you have any questions, please let me know. Feel free to ask any questions. I'm open to video suggestions. Please like and subscribe. I don't get a lot of people subscribing to my videos. I'll get a ton of people watching them, but not a lot. Subscribe and follow me on Instagram at Paul K Barnett. Thank you.