Prima Bowen, Mathena Loan and Aunt Thaates, Stairrayed Profile. Prima Bowen, Prima Loan is the bro's call it. From what I've heard was Arnold Schwarzenegger's favorite steroid. The guy's back in his day would stack Prima Bowen with Debal. From what I've heard they didn't use testosterone back then, Debal was their alternative for testosterone that ever used any aromattades and hippeters or anything. But it was typically hired as a Prima Bowen, lower doses of Debal, and that's the type of cycles they did and Arnold Schwarzenegger's were by Prima Bowen. So let's get into Prima Bowen. Let's talk about it a little bit. Properties of Prima Bowen. It is a structurally altered form of dihydrate testosterone DHT. There's a double bond between the one and two carbons and an additional one methyl group. This protects the hepatic metabolism. It also lowers other side effects. Prima has a lower intergenic and anabolic rating than testosterone. It has an intergenic rating of 44. An anabolic rating of 88. There's this misconception that Prima has no endogenic properties. I think that's why women like to take it. That's not true. There are some weak endogenic properties. So keep that in mind when you're taking Prima Bowen girls. It can mask and alize you. It also this would account for Prima Bowen's reputation for being a weak steroid. Something that you need higher doses to equal out to which you're getting out of testosterone or other things. There are no measurable estrogenic effects. So you don't need a rheumatoid inhibitor. No gyno. Very little bloating. It's a very dry steroid. It's considered by many to be the safest anabolic steroid. It is an ananthate ester, which has roughly a seven day half life. Verys depending on the individual. Esther's how your body metabolizes it. But generally seven days is a good estimate for what the half life is. A thanks on Prima. Like other steroids increases protein synthesis. It does have a strong increase on nitrogen retention from when I understand potentially stronger than some other steroids, which makes it good for. In fact, loss phases where you're in a caloric deficit increase at GF1 production amount increase in red blood cell count. I have never experienced any. A matter of credit or RBC issues with Prima Bowen. I've known is zero change, but that's not to say it can't happen. It has some enhancing effects on the immune system. I believe it was used in. You know, extremely ill patients that were wasting. I don't quote me on that, but I think that was originally what it's medical application was for. Maybe even HIV. I think I heard that somewhere, but don't quote me on that one. Side effects of Prima Bowen. It is as a mission. Consider the mildest steroid. There is a very slight risk of angiotinic side effects in men body hair growth baldness. BPH. Make a prostate bigger acne. Very very slight possibility of these things happening. I've never experienced it when using Prima Bowen. It mildly suppresses testosterone. As I mentioned before, ladies who take Prima Bowen keep in mind, it does have some angiotinic effects. So at higher doses, longer duration, it can cause masculinization. All right, just keep that in mind. Applications for Prima Bowen. To me, it seems rather ideal for fat loss phases. You know, where you want to change body composition. The increased nitrogen retention would make it probably ideal for being in a caloric depth. No estrogenic side effects. You don't have to worry about bloating or gyna. Generally steroids that have no estrogen conversion are drier. Give you a drier look. It does seem to have some sort of direct or indirect effect on improved body compositions. Just anecdotally speaking. But when I've seen people take Prima, they just had a tighter look to them. It can be used in hypertrophy phases. I know, you know, I know, probably builders use it year round. You know, a lot of them do. I have used it before, but I think I get better effects out of, out of a nanderloin or aquapois personally. First me, those are okay. Priämow as we mentioned earlier,has a lower endogenic and anabolic rating than other steroids so keep that in mind when dosing it may require higher doses to get the same effect that you would from other salads. That weaker or lower affect is probably why the one from millagremlin has less side effects. Beginner dose for men somewhere in to 300 to 500 milligram range. back it with testosterone. An intermediate dose would be 500 to 800 milligrams. I did advanced dose would be 1 gram plus per week. From what I've heard, let's provide, provide a better say it doesn't really start to sing or show. It's worth until you get up to 1 gram or more. They swear by it once it's considered the gold standard once you get above 1 gram. Body, and probiotic, I love that in pharmaceutical grade HCH. Doses for women. I might not mean the expert on female doses, but I would start off with the lowest dose possible. See what happens. Make sure you're not having any masculinization. If you are, you need to cut it immediately. Keep in mind, it does have the seven day half life. So it's going to take a little while for it to get out of your system. If you start having masculinization, maybe anovar would be a better choice for a first time woman competitor who wants to use antibiotics, because it's in and out of your system quicker. But I've heard 50 milligrams to 200 milligrams a week. Seems to be a common dose for female competitors. But I would always start off small. You can go up from there, especially if you don't want to turn into a man. My experience, when I've used it, I had zero side effects. It was very smooth. I felt a feeling of overall wellness. It may be feel healthy and good. I had no estrogenic side effects without using an AI. Zero, my blood pressure was perfect. My blood work was perfect. My hematocrit red blood cell count was perfect. My everything was great when I used it. Downside, it's very expensive. So if your budget conscious, there's better bang for the buck. Certainly, I know the process is rare that it's magic. That's what they say. If side effects are a concern and longevity is a concern, it may be worth the investment considering that it has very low stress on the body. You can take high doses of it and with wealth of safety. So if long-term health is a concern and if you are going to be on gear for a very long-time primable and maybe a better choice, just something to consider. I'm getting older, I probably will start leaning that way. The downside of it, it does require high doses. It's often faked. A lot of the primable and I run into from UGL sources, ends up just being master on. It's not even pre-mable. I've tested it with the road test kits. I've had several that have just been master on. It seems to be from what I've heard the only legit primable and you can get as from overseas and generally bear some of the pharmaceutical grade primable and is really the only legit stuff that you can find. There probably is others, but just keep in mind that primable is probably the most counterfeit steroid. There is outside of anovar. You might not actually be getting primable and especially ladies think about that when you're competing. That cheap UGL bathroom lab that you're using, you're probably not even getting primable and you might even be getting test. So if you're singing baritone in the choir after an eight week cycle, that's probably why. Thank you for taking the time to watch this. Please like and subscribe my channel, trying to get this going. Feel free to ask questions in the comments section. Also follow me on Instagram at Paul K. Barnett. If there are other videos or things that you're interested in regarding PDs, training, diet, nutrition, whatever. Hit me up and I will do my best to record them.