progressive overload, what is it and how it's applied to body building? I am, here a lot of people saying that progressive overload is just a myth or a mystery. I'm going to show you why it's not. And why, I'm pray the reason you're not making progress is because you don't believe in practicing progressive overload and people that are making progress say it's not a thing or actually employing it and they just don't realize it. And, you know, my definition of it might be a little bit different than what other people are, but but I'm going to go through it today and I'm going to show you what progressive overload is and relation to body building. I mean, so my definition of progressive overload, it is an incrementally increasing stimulus which stimulates an adaptation by the body. Now, this can be applied to pretty much anything in body building. And body building really is at its core about stimulus and adaptation. This is what progressive overload is. We're constantly throwing new stimulus at our body to induce a stimulus to get bigger, to get leaner, to get harder, to get more tan. And, in fact, I'm going to use tanning as my first example of progressive overload. Okay, so tanning is the most, I think is the most basic example of progressive overload. The stimulus in this situation is laying in the tanning bed, okay? The adaptation is your body, the melanocytes release melanin and the melanin makes your skin darker. The stimulus required to make your skin darker is the tanning bed, okay? The darker you become, the greater the stimulus, this required to become even darker. Okay? And the adaptation slows down as you reach your genetic limits. Okay? So, when you're tan, you have to tan for a specific period of time. Okay? The tanter you get the more time that you have to tan. Sometimes you have to tan more frequently. As you reach the limit of time that you can, you can, you can tan. So, let's say the tanning bed has a 25-minute limit or a 20-minute limit. When you reach that 20-minute limit, you have to tan with more frequency to achieve overload. And there's only so dark a person can get, okay? And that is based on your genetics training is the same way. When you first start training, it takes very little stimulus to generate a response. Okay? You see it with a new beginning. Somebody comes into the gym. They barely do anything. They don't train with any intensity. They only come a couple days a week, and they make crazy gains. It's the best gains you ever make. Same thing with the tan bed. When you first start five minutes, it's going to get you, and it's tan in the way you were the day before. So, there are variables to a progressive overload. And the instance of tanning, the variables are time spent in the bed. The intensity of the bulbs, if the bulbs are stronger, then you don't have to lay it as long. Frequency of the sessions. Okay? How often you tan? The progressive overload with tanning and with most things requires some sort of recovery. Okay? Here it, the body can only take so much stimulus before there's damage. And you have to walk that line of what is enough stimulus to stimulate adaptation. And what is too much stimulus where you're causing damage? Same thing is true in the gym. When you first start lifting, doesn't take much to generate an adaptation. If you train too much, you're just going to grind yourself into a hole. As you get bigger, as you get stronger, as your body has adapted more to the stimulus, and the training and that situation, it takes more intensity more time in the gym, heavier weights to make it grow. So, the same thing with tanning, we talked about it. The tanner you get, the more you have to tan, simple as that. So, types of progressive overload. It's not just training in the gym or in this case tanning. You know, things that we could apply progressive overload to in bodybuilding. Training is the obvious one. Nutrition. You're constantly changing your stimulus with nutrition to elicit a result. PDs. You're using performance enhanced drugs to stimulate a response as well. And those can constantly be changed as well to elicit a different response or adaptation. So, progressive overload and training. Variables that we have. The load. How much weight we're putting on the bar. That is the most obvious one. And I think that's where people get stuck on progressive overload. They only think about weight. You know, well, there's only so much weight you can put on the bar. Which is true. And, you know, people say, you know, in bodybuilding being strong is not the goal being big or having a great physique. Because the goal which is also true, but it does take some weight to do that. Frequency. How often you train each body part also plays overall in adaptation. People don't think about that. Volume. How many sets you do in providing parts? That plays a role in adaptation. The actual time spent under tension, which is really what volume is. You know, more time under that load is going to elicit an adaptation. Intensity. This is another one. You know, how many reps you leave and reserve. How close you get to failure. Intensity modifiers. Things like dropsets, restpaws, force reps. Whatever. You know, those, those all add intensity and potentially adaptation. Now with weight training, there is recovery required. We talked about it before. If you go in when you're a new being the gym and you train like a 260 pound open class. I have to be pro bodybuilder. You are going to destroy yourself. I remember when I first started training. I bought on a Schwarzenegger's in Psycho P.D. A bodybuilding and it had his work out from when he was a Mr. Olympia. And I tried doing that when I first started in the gym. And I felt like I was going to die. And I had no idea why. I'm like, if I train like a normal, I'm going to look like a Arnold. It didn't work that way. It didn't work that way at all. You can't progress from a directly to Z. It's literally you have to go A to B to C to D as you progress in the gym. So things have to ratchet up along the way. You can't jump from start to finish. It takes time. It takes years to have that kind of adaptation. Progressive overload and nutrition. So the variables we have in nutrition. How many calories you eat? The macros, how you're applying protein carbohydrates and fats to the diet. Meal frequency. And think about this too. If you try to eat like that 260 pound old-in-class bodybuilder, you're just going to make yourself sick and fat. You have to adapt to that amount of food over a period of time and create a metabolism and a physique that requires that type of caloric intake. You're just going to make yourself sick and fat if you try to eat like a probiotic bone or run out of the gate. Progressive overload with performance and enhancing drugs. Variables, the dose, compound choice. What compounds you stack together. Wength of time that you use them. Those are all play a role. You know, and using too much too soon. I know a lot of people see, you know, pro-A uses this amount. So in this stack, I'm going to use it. You are not going to look like pro-A if you use the stack. What you're going to do is paint yourself into a quarter. You know, if you're 160 pounds using two grams of gear, what are you going to do when you're 220? I'll be where do you go from there. Okay? So you're using the amount that's appropriate. The dose gets progressively more as you get bigger. The reason why bigger body builders use more is because a bigger body requires a larger dose. That's just that simple. I don't know why people can't put A and B together with that one. It just blows my mind. It's the same thing with any kind of prescription medicine. They ask, they weigh you and they prescribe based on your weight, the dose, a bigger body requires more. Measurement. How can you progressively overload and get better if you aren't measuring anything? If you aren't tracking your workouts, how much weight you're using, how many reps you're doing, measuring food, same thing. If you're not measuring your food, weighing your food, how are you going to get better? How do you know what you're doing? Same thing with your gear. There's no progress in body building without progressive overload. Progress is in the word. Okay? So if you're not progressively applying more stimulus, you're not going to be any different than you were yesterday. This is one of the things that I think frustrates the fuck out of me. There's so many people say, I don't know why I'm not growing. I don't know why I'm not getting better. I don't know why things are changing because you aren't fucking tracking anything. You're not actually practicing progressive overload. You're doing these same workouts that you did two years ago. You're eating the same food that you did two years ago. Everything's the same. So if you haven't given your body a reason to adapt, it is not going to adapt. This is a painful process getting bigger. And you have to push your body. Pass its limits to induce that sort of adaptation. It's just the way it is. It's uncomfortable. And unless you're tracking things, you know, this is the thing with body building. It's a game event. It's inches. You might do one more wrap this week than you did last week. You might do one more set next month than you did last month. You might eat a hundred calories more a day. You might use 50 grams more a year. Next cycle than you did or hundred grams. Then you did our milligrams. All right. Then you did on the last cycle. So unless you're tracking things unless you know where you're at, there's no way that you can progressively overload. Now some people don't track if they just have it in their head. And they just keep doing more and more and more. They keep training more and more. And they keep training more and more and more intense. And they adapt some people have better genetics. But I would guarantee you if you actually went and monitored what they are doing. It looked at what they're doing. Even though they aren't writing things down. They have progressively increased overload and stimulus to the body to make it a debt. So they're practicing and even though they don't know for those of us that are mere mortals. You have got to track things. It's the only way you're going to get better. Thank you for watching my video. Please like and subscribe. We've got a lot of people watching my videos. Not many subscribing. I really would appreciate it if you subscribe. It helps me with the YouTube gods. Video suggestions. I'm open for suggestions. If you have videos you would like me to make. Questions and comments. Feel free to ask questions and comments in the comments section. I will do my best to answer all of them. Follow me on Instagram at poll K Barnett. Thank you.