Proviron, Mr. alone, steroid profile. Proviron's kind of a unique steroid. It's kind of a utility tool. It's one of those things if you have the money to use it. It is expensive. It can help out. I don't know if the benefit versus cost ratio weighs out unless you have the money to burn. We'll go into it. I've used Proviron quite a bit. Some people don't use it at all. Think it's a waste of time and it's ineffective. I'll talk about my experiences and what I think about it. Anyway, let's dig in. Let's take a look at Proviron here. So properties of Proviron. It is classified as an antigenic steroid only. It says it on the box. The antigen must be true. It is a structurally altered form of DHT. Out of the DHT derivatives, it is the one that is most closely similar to DHT. Effectively in the body, it pretty much is DHT. It's just an oral DHT. The only thing that has been changed from the original DHT molecule is an addition of a methyl group at the one carbon position. What this addition does is allow it to be absorbed through the body or early. What's unique about this is it doesn't have hepatitis, it's like a C-17 AA. But it's also not as absorbed as effectively as C-17 AA oral steroid. The antigenic to anabolic ratings on this can be a bit confusing or misleading. It is an antigenic rating of 30 to 40, but yet it's a strong antigen. It's because of how it binds to the antigen receptor. It binds very strongly to the antigen receptor. An anabolic rating of 100 to 150. So it's technically tire than test in an antigenic rating, but it has almost zero anabolic effect. It's an unmeasurable on the body. And this is due to being rapidly reduced to a dial on metabolite and the muscle just like DHT. Remember, it is essentially DHT. What it does do is it's strong abines to sex, hormone binding, globulin, SHBG. What this does is potentiate other steroids to work better by freeing them up instead of them being in a bound state with the SHBG. Your other steroids are going to work better when you take perviron. Typically you could probably use lower doses when everything else if you're using perviron with it. I have not put that to test, but in theory, that would be true. It also has somewhat of an anti-estrogen effect like Mastron does, so it slows the conversion of other steroids into estrogen. It was originally released in 1937. It was used to treat low libido and increase endogen levels in men. And of course, we already mentioned it is an oral steroid. Androgenic steroid, not endogenic anabolic. It's not an AAS. It's an AS. Sex of perviron decreased SHBG as we already established increased sex drive. Mild, imitation, inhibition, if I can fucking speak of aromatase. A week, very weak anabolic action and a very strong endrogenic action. Side effects of perviron. It's very mild. It's pretty safe. There's no estrogenic side effects. No progestinic side effects. There are risk of endogenic side effects. While as a low endogenic rating, it still can cause issues because of strongly binds with their subter. It can cause hair loss. And five A are inhibitors. Don't work since it doesn't directly convert into DHT. This is true with all the DHT derived steroids. Keep that in mind. It does strongly skew lipids and higher doses. A study showed that 100 million grand dose for six months calls a 19% decrease in LDL and a HDL. Sorry, and a 65% increase in LDL. Always get LDL and HDL backwards. It has a very, very, very weak suppression of natural testosterone. So weak that it in studies showed that it doses less than 150 million grams per day. There was no measurable suppression of natural testosterone. So theory, if you wanted to take this while off completely off, your natural testosterone would work more effectively. Free more up to be free test. I will tell you in my experience when I've gotten my free test measured after using it, it is fucking crazy high. It's like insane. My doctor, my doctor was like, this has to be an incorrect breathing. It was so high. Women, it does maximize women. So yeah, probably shouldn't use it unless you want to be a dude. Applications for a perverant. Fat loss phases. This is probably a decent time to use it. Suppressing the SHBG to free up on the steroids to work more effectively and suppressing estrogen conversion. So you want to get the most out of the least. Suppressing estrogen, get a harder look. This has probably been official during, you know, andgerns hardening up as well. So this would give you a beneficial look during contests prep. For cruising or coming off completely, I think this is an overlooked application. You know, people, you know, what time's guys crash when they go from high doses down to TRT and have estrogen gets out of control and just, you know, sex drive goes to shit. You know, so this, I would think would help correct that. I have not put that theory to test yet. I don't have those issues when I cruise, but you're going to suppress estrogen. You're going to increase sex drive and you're going to free, create more free tests by combining up SHBG. So I think it would have a perfect application for coming off or cruising. I don't know why more people don't use it that way. You know, maybe somebody could correct me on that, but I have heard very few people using it in those situations, but I would think looking at the properties of the drug, it would be ideal for those situations. Providence half life. It's 12 hour half life. So you probably want to take a twice a day. If you want to keep peak concentrations in the blood cycles and doses, male beginner dose, 25 milligrams per day, intermediate dose, 50 milligrams per day advanced dose, 50 plus milligrams a day. I haven't really heard of anybody taking more than 100 milligrams per day. But probably, are people to do? I usually run 50 on contests, you know, maybe 25 if I was in another state. Now if you were on cruise, I wanted to add, you know, 25 to 50 milligrams would probably be plenty females, like I said, don't use it unless you want to be a dude. But that's what you're called. It is a straight-and-age in this far as you're concerned and you want to stay away from the managers if you're a woman. Mike's experience makes me horny as fuck. Sometimes it's out of control. So that's just something to keep in mind. If you need help in that area, it's going to give you some help. Hardens me up. Not in that way, guys. It definitely makes me a harder look, more vainy. Also, good for contests prep. I forward my estro-dial marginally. It wasn't anything crazy, but I've seen on blood work that estro-dial does decrease a bit when you're on it. Similar to Master Hon, I would say. I like to use a load of dose every once in a while. When estrogen is an issue or sex drive is an issue, like I said, I think it would be good to use on cruise. So notable side effects. I didn't have any side effects with it. It didn't mess with my lipids at all. Although I take a ton of fish oil, I think fish oil has a counter-ax some of those problems. It is expensive as fuck. I don't know why it's so expensive. It's one of the oldest ones that I would assume easy to manufacture, but it's pretty expensive compared to other steroids. I think it's like a cherry on a Sunday. If you got the money to burn, by all means added in, Master Hon likely does the same thing. Maybe better because it is antibiotic, whereas the provider is not, so maybe run just a little more Master Hon and you'll probably get the same effect. But it does have that strong SHBG binding effect that I don't think Master Hon is quite as effectively. It is like the cherry on the Sunday. If you got the money to burn, you might want to add it to your contest stack. Thank you for watching my video. Please like and subscribe. I need subscribers. A lot of people are watching my videos. Nobody's subscribing. Very few. It's a very small percentage, but if you like my videos, you want me to make more of these things. I would appreciate it if you subscribe. Feel free to ask questions in the comments section and I'll do my best to answer all of them. And if there are other videos you would like me to make. I am open to suggestions. I would be happy to make other videos. I've had some pretty good suggestions for I haven't. Several people reach out to me. I've got some good ideas. I've been keeping notes of things I want to make. I will have them on deck. So thank you for those suggestions. I may do some Q&A as the channel grows. But anyway, follow me on Instagram and Paul K. Barnett. And thank you for having a great day.