ED in body building steroids body building interactile defunction. Oh my. It's a topic. A lot of guys that want to talk about, but a lot of people struggle with. You know, when you're messing with your hormones and doing all the extreme stuff that you're doing about it building, you can cause all kinds of issues. Um, anybody who's been doing this for a while is experienced it and they know what I'm talking about. I'm going to go through it. Hopefully, help you out with some resolutions and prevention and to keep you from going through those. Try moments where you're doubting yourself. Have no idea if it's going to work or not. Before I do that, please comment, like and subscribe. You know the drill. We get a lot of people watching my videos not many people subscribing. I didn't appreciate it if you subscribe. If you find the information valuable. And if you want to keep up with what's going on with me, you can follow me on Instagram at Paul K. Barnmet. Thank you. All right. So let's dig into this. So ED is usually a warning sign of other problems. I don't know if people have any idea. And they're like, if I can just take some, take some Viper that'll fix the issue. And a lot of times it will. It's, you know, hitting the nail with the hammer. It'll work, but you're not fixing the underlying cause of it. It's an often it's a warning sign of other things going on with your health. There could be some serious things going on with your health or it could be other less serious things. Listen to your body. I found most of the time that it is resolvable without the use of things like Viper or CLS. If you know what you're looking for, get blood worked on, find out where you're at. And, you know, then you can go from there. But, you know, some common causes of EDM bodybuilding. The most common thing is hormonal ebalances. You are fucking with your hormones. And getting an interaction is going to require a complex soup of hormones to be in alignment for everything to work. And when you're fucking with your hormones, you're messing that balance up. Having your testosterone too low. I know a lot of guys like to do things like mandrelone, only cycles. I've done them before myself. My test was zero. Nothing wanted to work. I had no sex drive. It was because I had no testosterone. I had high-progesterone, high-prolactin, high-orelow estrogen, low DHT. These all can mess things up and make things not work. Poor health, heart disease, blood vessels, poor blood flow, high cholesterol, high blood pressure, diabetes, kidney disease, heart failure. I mean, these things, you know, all of these things can cause issues with performing. Other cause are stimulative abuse. A lot of guys, you know, pound and monsters and pre-workout all day long. Alcohol abuse and recreational drug abuse, along with with the bodybuilding lifestyle. They don't mix lack of sleep, overtraining. Anyone who's done contests prep knows that last month or so. Yeah, ain't happening. Everybody goes to just part of the contests prep. Which I can say there's a way to avoid it, but is what it is. I'm dealing with a hormonal issue. I find that most of the time when you guys have problems, it's with hormonal and balances. I, you know, if you want to stay performing and feel good, I think you should be running a base of tests at all times. You're not going to do a lot. HRT levels, 152 million, millions of weeks should be enough to keep things working. Ashergen, ashergen is the funny one. You get a two high. Things don't work. You get a two low things don't work. My general experience in bodybuilding is guys overuse anti-assurgen and crush their estrogen and then they have no sex drive in the P.B.s. So instead of just blasting anti-assurgen's, find out where your estrogen's actually at on blood work. I think it was like 20 bucks to add an estradial test to my blood work. It's not expensive at all. Approverly use anti-assurgen's. You know, you may not need them. If you don't need them, then don't use them. If your estrogen's too high, and that's causing issues, then using appropriate amount to get it back down. Low DHT, a lot of guys are overly concerned. Well, I wouldn't say overly concerned, but they're concerned about losing their hair and causing prostate issues. So they, they, you know, crush the five AR inhibitors. You know, those will cause ED issues. You get your DHT to low things won't work. Rather than using the five AR inhibitors, don't use AAS that convert to DHT through five AR. There's an idea. You know, that, that will save you. Proviron, his will help, you know, if you get yourself in those situations. Prolactin issues. This one has gotten me before. Nantilons, if you go too crazy with an angel on's, it seems to be the one for me, uh, deck I will do it to people. Well, you know, deck I MPP, if you overdo the Nantilons, they tend to raise prolactin and progesterone, and then you end up having issues because of that. So, you know, that causes you issues, moderate the doses or don't use them at all. I'm dealing with health related ED issues. Keep your blood pressure and check. Always a good idea. No matter what, monitor your blood pressure with a cough, take take it every day. I have a cough. I use every day. Use BP meds. They help do cardio. Avoid heavy, engine use. Blood flow issues. If you have blood flow issues, using fish oil, doing cardio once again. Baby aspirin, take a statin to keep your class for all and check. So, you see your blood isn't sludge from pencil with that. Lodos, Seattle, every other day or every third day. Elevated blood sugars and when blood sugars get up, you can have issues. You know, some monitor your blood sugar, you're fasting blood sugar, keep track of it. Using metphorometer or a basal insulin, cutting back your carbs, you know, avoiding sugars, simple sugars that can go a long way. And saving you in that area. My experience, the angel loans have caused me a ton of issues. I remember the first time I used training. That was the first time I ever had any issues with EDI. Number of any issues before that. And I used training and then things were working. I was in a full blown panic. I had no idea why I didn't know why things went in the work. With the help was going on. It put me in a full blown panic. I also found out the no amount of Ayagra or CELAS if you're proactive in prayer like to get to high will help. It just doesn't work. Sometimes you can get to the work, but it's just, you know, you got to get that back under control for things to work. Um, load us CELAS in general does help if you can tolerate it. Um, so it was because me headaches makes me feel like shit makes me feel like I have a cold. I fucking hated. But if I were to use it, it'd probably do something like five milligrams every third day. Very low to us enough enough to help with the blood flow issues. Fix the hormonal issues first and you don't need things like anti-assusions or DE5 inhibitors. Less drugs is always better. Find the ones that work that don't cause issues use those. You know, I, I have found that almost everybody I talked to that uses a PDE5 inhibitor. You know, you know, they're, you know, you don't need them. If you get your hormonal issues fixed, you know, vagrancy else are great, but you don't have to have them. High blood sugar racks being what I'm about blood sugar gets crazy high things that work. Five AR inhibitors like Proscar for Pisa, Avadar are almost 100% guaranteed to give you the, just been my experience. I have, I've almost everybody I know that have used them have issues. You'll keep your hair, but things won't work. Anyway, thank you for watching the video. Please like and subscribe as I mentioned. If you have any questions, feel free to ask questions. If you have other videos you'd like me to make. I'd be happy to make them and follow me on this Instagram. If you would have keep up with what's going on at Paul K Barnett. Have a great day.