testosterone, the master hormone for all antibiotics steroids. I'm going to discuss testosterone with you and why I think it's the most important hormone to understand. I do believe firmly before you take any performance enhancing substances and antibiotics steroids. Whatever, it's probably smart to learn how they work, what they do, what effect it has on your body. And testosterone is the key to all other antibiotics steroids. Here, this is the one on one course on antibiotics steroids. You start with testosterone first. I also believe that understanding how test works will lead you to make better choices and the cycles you choose later on. I think people make a lot of really dumb decisions when it comes to antibiotics that are nothing based in logic or reason or science, whatever. The one thing I will tell you before you jump into anything, do your research, take the time to learn, and get your information from quality sources. I highly recommend Bill Luellen's antibiotics reference. It's considered the Bible of antibiotics steroids. It is the most complete, at least that I know of the most complete catalog of every antibiotics steroid and what it does and hot works. It's such a Santa Balak steroids to other performance enhancing drugs as well. PubMed, you can find articles there as well. It's not a ton of research on antibiotics, and regards to athletes, you can look at it in old studies and whatnot for general popper, side effects and how the side effects work and how they're mitigated. Also, understanding the science of the hormone, how things break down, how things affect the body. There's so many myths and just bullshit out there. Be aware of bad information to there's so much bad information out on the internet. If you read it on the internet and watch it on YouTube, there's a better than a 50-50 shot that is bullshit or wrong. I'm not saying I'm the Bill, but I've done a fair amount of research on my own. I've had quality coaches that have shared information with me. I've talked to medical doctors. I think I understand it better than most, and I'm not saying I'm the foremost expert on things, but I do have a general grasp of how things work, and hopefully my information can help others for making the same mistakes I've made in the past. Just because a pro bodybuilder says something, keep this in mind, doesn't mean it's true. A lot of pro bodybuilders are fucking idiots. They don't have to brain cells to rub together. There are some very smart ones. There's some guys out there, John Meadows just passed away, got rest of Seoul. He was fantastic. John, you had some really good information. There are others out there that have fantastic information as well. These coach gurus that are out there, there's somebody on them that popped up on the internet now. It's just a bazillion and one of these different gurus. Some of them know what they're talking about. Some of them that are just making shit up. I see a lot of these guys putting out complex cycles. With all these crazy fucking ramping up and ramping down and doing this and taking this before you, you have sex and whatever, and it's just all fucking bullshit. I think they just make stuff up to be different to say, hey, look, look at me. I have some information that somebody else doesn't. The bread and butter stuff, keeping things simple, works the best typically. I even heard a so-called well-respected coach, a guy who coaches used to coach Mr. Olympia competitors. I don't know that he still does talking on an interview recently. And he even understand the difference between a sermon and a sermon. I had no fucking clue what the difference was between the two of them. He was talking about how insulin works. He was completely wrong. Completely wrong on how insulin works. No clue. Guy was an idiot. And I can't believe that people actually... Olympia competitors use this guy. It's just an un-fucking-believeable to me. So never, ever, ever take what your coach says as fact. Do your own research ask questions. And if your coach gets buttered because you ask questions, you probably have the wrong coach. Find somebody else new that will answer your questions and put you in the right direction. So important properties of testosterone to understand. As mentioned before, all antibiotics steroids are modifications of the testosterone molecule. And as hard as it is to believe, you know, trends seem like something completely different. And unique to it's on, but it is ultimately a derivative of testosterone and an antrolone from testosterone. You know, so, you know, this is why it's important to understand how testosterone works because everything comes off that testosterone tree ultimately. You know, we have DHT, Nantrolone, and the testosterone derivatives from that. And they all break down from there. So testosterone is a thing a lot of people don't know. It's a poor hormone of a bit. Essentially, it is a poor hormone. It does have secondary conversion to other hormones that, you know, people often see manifested as side effects. So, for example, roughly 20% of testosterone converts into estrogen through a aromatase through the aromatase enzyme. DHT, testosterone also converts into DHT through the five alpha reductase enzyme. These conversions into other hormones can cause side effects sometimes. So, for example, a lot of people are very familiar with estrogenic side effects. You have things like kind of comastia, bloat, things like that. And people get overly consumed with it. Now, keep in mind, these conversion rates are very unique to the individual. So, with estrogen in mind, estrogen conversion is very dependent upon your body composition. The leaner you are the less testosterone converts into estrogen. And the fatter you are the more testosterone converts in the estrogen. DHT also is a varies between certain people as well the conversion to DHT. So, it is somewhat dependent upon genetics and body composition. So, keep that in mind. Leaner guys can often get away without even using aromatase inhibitors. So, you know, when using high doses of testosterone. The endogenic, the testosterone has, you know, two primary expressions at the cellular level. It's an energetic properties which are responsible for the masculinization of the body. So, for example, growth of body hair. Deep invoices, development of sex organs. Yes, this is why women that take testosterone essentially end up growing the clits into penis. It has, it will, you know, in effect, turn you into a man. Increased aggression, libido. These are all examples of the endogenic properties of testosterone. Anabolic properties of testosterone increase protein synthesis. Improved body composition. Increased bone remodeling. Increased anibalism. You know, these are things as body builders that we are most interested in. You know, there is something to be said for some of the endogenic properties. You know, a good sex drive is nice. You know, having a bit more aggression to be nice in the gym. But they aren't necessary to be a body builder. We can get into that later. You know, so with this in mind, all other steroids are rated based off of testosterone. Testosterone is the base of what all of these steroids are rating. I'm sure some of you have seen these anabolic to anogenic rating systems. So, for example, trend has a rating of 500 to 500. That just means that trend expresses itself the the anabolic and endogenic properties at five times a higher rate than testosterone does. How the endogenic cannabolic properties of tests are exerted. Most people have a loose familiarity with this, but there is a locking key system within the cell. The cellular receptor site freaks test in the bloodstream is available to interact with the various cells via the cellular receptor site. This is true with other steroid hormones. Cell that have endogenic receptors include muscle, skin, scalp, kidney, bone, prostate, CNS. When test is in the bloodstream, it binds with the receptor site in the cell to exert its activity. It only binds with cells that have the proper receptor sites. If other cells don't have an injured receptor, so they will have no effect on those. After bound to the receptor sites, the receptor then migrates to the cells in your kidneys. It activates a genetic response. Every genetic response is individual. For example, I never had hair on my back until I took anabolic steroids and now I have a gorilla back. I had a full head of hair and took a trend and then I lost all the hair on the top of my head. Some people have shit genetics and experience all the side effects and none of the good stuff. I tend to do both. I get a gorilla muscle and I grow hair and when my back and my ears and lose the hair on the top of my head. Some people don't have any strong response to the steroids when it comes to protein synthesis and ananibalism. They just don't grow. It doesn't matter how much you take, you can't change your genetics. Not saying that that may be the answer. You could have shit nutrition or you training. You could suck. There could be other factors in there. But some people just can't grow muscle. It's just the way it is. Other people, there's other guys that don't do one cycle of gain of shit ton. They take barely take anything and they have a crazy response. That's genetically dependent. The performance and enhancing benefits of testosterone increase protein synthesis. Obviously this is important if we want to grow a new muscle. Increase recovery. The benefit of training harder and more frequently with more volume. Obviously that's going to grow more muscle too. Improve body composition. One of the most important things in body building is staying lean while being big. Everybody wants to improve body composition. It's a catabolic effect. So if you're dieting and you don't want to lose muscle it protects muscle loss from muscle loss. Increase red blood cell count. This can be a good and a bad increase red blood cell count means more oxygen. Available in better performance in the gym better performance in endurance activities. Everybody knows Lanslarm strong. That was the key benefit he was looking for from the PDC was using. More red blood cells means more oxygen means better performance on his bicycle. On the bad side of it increase red blood cell count means thicker blood. Increases the risk of cardiovascular. Contestants. Heart attack or stroke. I blood pressure. Things like this. Potential side effects from testosterone. The shutdown of natural testosterone. Production. Your body is just going to stop making testosterone. At least mostly while you're one. Exogenous testosterone. Your balls are going to shrink up. It's going to be a good way to make your body more muscular. For me, it's just the cost of doing business. If you want to be a bodybuilder. If you are concerned about your balls being smaller. The shutdown of your natural testosterone. You probably shouldn't be a bodybuilder in taking steroids in the first place. It's just part of it. There's no amount of HCG or cycling on and off. The bodybuilder in maintain your size of your balls in your natural testosterone production. If you want to be a freak, you just have to understand that you're probably going to sacrifice some of that. Guyna Commassia. The growth of breast tissue caused by excess estrogen. Not everybody gets kind of some people do. I was one of them. I had to have surgery to have removed. It was terrible. But you don't know until so you get on things. The high blood pressure. Most often the high blood pressure is caused by excessive estrogen and a shitty diet which leads to bloating. Not always. It can also be a response to the excessive. Androgen use. But most of the time I see it's just from people eating like shit and being bloated up. It also can be caused by a high hematicrit. It can cause it. This is, you know, we talked about earlier the increased red blood cell production and your body has thicker blood as a result. Bloting is another side effect. This is usually caused from a combination of eating like shit and having high estrogen as we mentioned before. Worse and lipid profiles. Some people will see their cholesterol. So, it's more often than not from excessive use of anti-assurgence to combat the other side effects. At me. This is a genetic response based on the DHT to estrogen ratio. I don't get at me. I never have. It's never been an issue for me. I know some people get it terribly. It's usually either your estrusance to high or your DHT to high or both. BPH in prostate cancer. I have had some issues with my prostate swelling up. One certain angrigens mostly just trend. But this is also genetically motivated a lot of times. Baldness also a response to excessive DHT. If that's me, I told you I had to fold that a hair until I took trend and then it was gone pretty much after one cycle of trend. But these are all, once again, you need to the individual in genetic and nature. Do esters matter? This is another one. People getting themselves thoroughly tied up and knots on. I don't know where people get this misconception from. It's brologic. But testosterone propinates somehow different than testosterone and anathate. Testosterone is testosterone. It's testosterone. No matter what the ester is. The only thing the ester changes is the time it takes for the molecule to be released into the bloodstream. That is it. It does not change. The properties of the hormone itself. The properties are still the same. So keep that in your head. It doesn't change the properties of the hormone. Now, sometimes for applicable use, it can be a big deal. So for example, if you want to quickly switch on and off hormones, using a shorter ester can be aventages. If you don't want to take a shot every other day or every day, having a longer ester, you know, prevent that. It keeps, you know, longer, more stable levels of the hormone in the bloodstream. I have a feeling that's probably where people get this idea that they are somehow different in its because they're not taking it with the proper frequency. So for example, maybe they take test probe and only take it once a week and then they have these peaks and troughs when they feel like shit. And get all kinds of side effects because it's up and down and up and down. There's not timing things properly. I'm just guessing. But no, the ester does not change the hormone. The hormone is still the hormone regardless of what the ester is. So keep that in mind. Don't fall into that trap of thinking that. Okay, so this is a sticky wicked. Typical doses and cycles. By no means this is my recommendations is just some generalizations of what I've seen. Typically with testosterone and placement therapy. Typical doses we see 100 to 200 milligrams a week usually test,cipient eight. That's what's prescribed here in the US. Sometimes the creams, which are garbage. It's a story for another thing. You know, T RT cycle links. There are different cycle links. It's something that you permanently on. It is a replacement therapy. First time users that are looking for just getting some general growth. Typical cycle. I see 300 to 500 milligrams a week. Use of an aromatease inhibitor if it's necessary. You know, typical training wheel cycles tend to 12 weeks. You know, usually people will take something like testing that they. You know, that's pretty typical what you see for a beginner cycle. Typical gym bros cycle. You're guy at the gym that looks a little bigger than the average guy on the street. You know, the pluffy dude with the sims that's when he's back. It's over in the corner. Curl on way too much weight. You know, 500. 750 milligrams on up to 1000 milligrams a week. Usually stacked with, you know, something like anodrol, you know, Debal, something stupid and post-hawft. And then usually way too much aromatease inhibitor. I'm not saying this is smart way to go, but this is what you. You usually hear your gym bros on. The serious body builder competitor, you know, pro and national level guys. You know, once again, I'm not saying these are doses I can don. Or that I would recommend, but typical competitor is, you know, a serious body building. Got its winning local shows, a guy that's nationally qualified. Usually somewhere between 1,000 and 1,500 milligrams of testosterone a week is where they settle and. At stacked with one or multiple antibiotics. Usually, usually injectables in the off season typically. Equipally is daccar in pp, you know, and then sometimes they'll throw an oral on top of that. Andadrol. And of our, if you have the money to do so, the premier bowl is preferred. That's what you'll see a lot of guys. And AI and or a farm as needed. And HGH, that's kind of the typical pro or bordering on pro off season cycle growth cycle that you see. There are other approaches, more contemporary approaches, on conventional approaches. You don't have to take that sauce or an agro. You can just take, you know, you can pick a compound that you like and just take that single compound. I've done an angelone only cycles and done pretty well with them. I didn't want to fuck, but you know, so that's another issue, but, but I definitely grew and have very minimal side effects from it other than those extra. You know, a lot of the stuff that you see people doing now is being more selective with the choices of antibiotics that they take. You know, more specific goals. So, you know, they've been trying to lean out. They may take a low dose of testosterone and stack something with it that promotes lean body mass. We'll get into more of that later. I'll go into some detailed cycle breakdown, but, you know, I'll get into more of that later. Do you need test to build muscle? You know, there's, I kind of already answered this, but no. You don't have to take testosterone. You know, like said, I had pretty good, pretty good luck with just natural and only female competitors. They absolutely should not use testosterone unless they want to go through a gender reassignment. You know, no judgment passed if you want to, that's, that's your call, but if you want to maintain some sort of femininity, you do not want to use testosterone or any engine for that. In fact, you want to stick with compounds that are, are antibiotic only. You know, sitting with men, if you have serious side effect issues with angiogens, you know, I, you know, in hindsight, maybe when I was younger, I should have stayed away from the mangegency. I would have probably had my hair and wouldn't have had prostate enlargement. Just a thought. Anyway, thank you for watching my video. If you enjoyed it, like and subscribe, I'll be doing more of these. This is my first crack, so don't be too partial to me if, if, if I was awful. Feel free to ask questions in the comment section. I will answer them as a best I can. If there are other videos on PEDs that you would like me to make. Let me know. I'd be happy to, you know, record more videos and follow me on Instagram at Paul K. Barnett. Thank you.