right today we're going to look at testosterone doses and cycles for bodybuilding size before diggin to this is not a prescription not a recommendation not an endorsement for PD is um... this is about harm reduction and people are going to do this stuff regardless you know there's not much you can say or due to the sweet somebody He's in tan on doing it. Always the safest thing to do is not use drugs at all. Or work with a medical doctor and get a prescription and make sure it's managed by a medical doctor. Be smart about things. But I also don't want to hide from information. I think two people in the past will lie about what really happens and part of harm reduction is understand what people use and what's out there. And also people don't do stupid shit or avoid doing stupid shit than other people have done. Before we get into it, please take a time to like, subscribe and comment. If you like my videos, I really appreciate it. If you subscribe to my channel, I get a lot of people watching my videos, but not a lot subscribing. It helps with the YouTube gods. Anyway, so let's dig into this considerations for a test hypertrophy. So first of all, a lot of the stuff I covered in my testosterone profile video, but I kind of want to rehash it. So make sure we understand what testosterone is, how it works. So these are just some of the basics. So testosterone is the parent male hormone. And it's the master male hormone. It is the hormone that all other steroids are derived from. All right. So just remember that every other metabolic, energetic steroid is a derivative of testosterone form or fashion. It can be derived. I consider some of you disagree, but I consider testosterone to be essential for male health and well-being. You need some level of testosterone in your body if you don't want to feel like shit. My experience is that you feel the best when you run a test base. It's what most people do. It's not saying you have to. You don't have to. If you don't like having a sex drive, if you don't like having erections and do you. Just say there are consequences when you don't run a test base. Maybe with the only exception being an award doesn't seem to shut you down. You can still keep your natural test running while taking it in a bar to a certain degree. Also consider that test converts to other hormones when building your cycles. It's a perlormone of sorts. Test converts into estrogen. 20% on average is the rate that it aromatizes through to estrogen through the arromatezins. I'm also going to have a video up about that if you want to stay with the arromatezins. Keep in mind when you're building your cycle. If your body fat is really high, you probably don't want to run a high dose of testosterone because more of it is going to contribute to estrogen as arromatezins is made in the fat cells in the male body primarily. The fat are you or the more you're going to aromatize test into estrogen and it's just self-defeating loop where you just get fat and fatter. You'll see it in the gym. You'll see the dudes that are loaded up on testosterone that just keep getting fat and fatter and they don't look better. Who I'm talking about. If you are a high body fat percentage, you may want to consider running lower dose of testosterone, something that doesn't aromatize. Test also converts to DHT dihydro-testosterone. 10% on average conversion rate through the 5A are in the varies from different people. Some people can have more heavily. Also if you are a super sensitive to DHT symptoms, you may want to consider running lower doses of tests. Sometimes it would be benign, prostate, hyperplasia, where you're a prostate gets swollen up, hair loss, mescalization and things like that. If you want to avoid those side effects you may want to run a lower dose of tests, you can use a 5A are in inhibitor. My experience with 5A are inhibitors is that they cause erectile dysfunction at almost everybody that uses them. Just with my experience. When you get super high doses, the test flu, you have to consider that to there's a certain dose that you reach, where it just makes you sick. Base dose calculations for men, but no means the gospel is just kind of a rule of thumb. At least what I have seen in the bodybuilding community. Also keep in mind when you're 150 pounds and just starting out, you don't need to run the dose that a 300 pound mass monster, big ramen is running. It's not going to help you. You're not going to get any bigger. It's just not going to work. You've got to keep in mind the bigger you are, the more hydrogen receptors you have, and the more you need. The more you need, it's just that simple. It's like any other medicine, the bigger you are, the bigger the dose. The more advanced you are, the more you need to maintain what you have. Always get the least or the most out of the least amount possible. When you start now, you know, just a very little bit, it's going to make a huge difference. You don't need much. Only increased doses if you hit a roadblock, I will tell you that bigger doses are a trail, just lead to more side effects. They don't really lead to much more growth. I've tried it both ways, and I'm telling you, huge amounts just make you sick. When you sick, you can't grow. It really is that simple. What I have seen for crews, doses, TRT, somewhere in the, you know, one milligram per pound of body weight range. For example, if you're a 200 pound male, 200 milligrams is more than enough for a cruise dose or TRT, you're bigger you're going to need a little bit more. A beginner blast, size blast, less than two years of lifting, you know, maybe your first second, third cycle, somewhere around two milligrams per pound of body weight. So if you're a 200 pound body, you know, the 400 milligrams range per week is probably going to get your good results. For media, it's 3.5 advanced, which is like when I'm talking about advanced, I'm talking about you're knocking on the door to get new pro card or you already have your pro card. You know, it's a 200 pound body builder can use up to a thousand milligrams per week. Keep in mind that's not saying you have to use that much. Always use the least possible. That's just typically what I see. I've talked quite a few coaches and quite a few provided builders, most provided builders are running somewhere between 750 milligrams to 1.25 grams per week. That's just what I've seen. Some last, some more depending on who they are, the smart guys are running less. They last longer. You know, it's like I've heard that texture jacks will never ram much and got body buildings until you 50. You're constructing stacks. So test, test is the base and test works well as the base of a stack with another anabolic one top of it. You can run cycles without test. You don't need test as I mentioned earlier. You're just not going to have any sex drive and you might risk erectile dysfunction. You don't need a big dose. You can run a really small dose of test. As I mentioned, you can run just a TRT dose in stacking anabolic on top of it, something like equipoys or anandrolone or premable and you don't need a huge dose of test. Size building. Test in one anabolic is probably the best thing. You don't mean 50 different steroids. You don't need DHB, you don't need TRN, you don't need all of these exotic hormones to get big. Just do the basics. I promise you, talk to quite a few people that are pros. I talk to coaches that coach pros. They don't run the crazy shit that all your gym broke through. They just don't. They just don't. You're not going to last a long time if you're running a fucking TRT on your round. I promise you, or if you're running meant you're not going to last long enough to get as big as a pro bodybuilder. It is a long game. You have to do stuff that's sustainable over a long period of time in remain healthy enough to get that big. If you're redlining your engine all the time, you're not going to make it to that us. So test them when anabolic. Choose an anabolic that agrees with your body. So don't force it. This is something that a lot of people are guilty of. I've been guilty of in the past. You really like the way something makes you look, but it gives you all kinds of shitty side effects. If it gives you shitty side effects, and you have to take more drugs to manage those side effects, it's not productive. Like the stuff that gives you the least amount of side effects, and you can take in the large dose without side effects. Personally, I like things like tests. I mean, test in pre-mo would be my favorite. If you can find real pre-mo ball and then afford it, pre-mo doesn't have a lot of side effects, test by itself to be honest with you. If you're moderate with the doses, just fine. In your body fats, in a reasonable place, just fine. Test in EQ is an alternative. Test in Nandrolone is my favorite for size, but Nandrolone doesn't always agree with me. Sometimes it causes guino. Makes me anxious. Other people have that issue. Some people get ED from it. From the pro-lect and build up, rather than taking shit like bromo and whatever to deal with that, just don't use Nandrolone. Use something else. It's not that big of a difference. That drugs are always better. Avoid orals. I don't know what the fascination is that the guys have with orals. Oh, I'm going to take some, man, to draw. I'm going to take some deep ball. These drugs are garbage. And I promise you that most pros are not running that shit in the off season. They aren't. They just aren't. They make a sick. They curb your appetite. They impair your liver function. They fuck up your lipids. They call stomach issues. They get into gestion. How productive do you think all that stuff is for building size long term? Not very productive. Not very productive. If you feel sick, if your liver is not functioning at the highest level, if you have plaque build up, your stomach subset, you're not going to be able to get big. You're just not. Avoid harsh comments like trim. Save their for contest prep. If you can't sleep, if you're anxious, if you have sexual dysfunction, lower to appetite, all these things that stuff like trim and mint and things like that do, how productive is after getting big? You want to be able to sleep. You want to be nice and chill. If you're worried about not being able to get a boner, that's an issue. If you're appetite is lowered, that's an issue. Stick with the stuff that allows you to eat, sleep, get big. I think sometimes people must stay side effects for effects. The shidier something makes you feel the more they think it's working. That's not always the truth. Like long term when you're building your cycles, try to construct cycles that require as little estrogen and side effect management as possible. I've already talked about this. If you have to take more drugs to justify taking the drugs that you're already taking, it's probably not a choice. Bit choice. More drugs always equals more problems and more side effects in a less healthy body. Not as good as a girl as much. Bodybuilding is a game of years not in months you have to think in terms of years. Is this sustainable for five or ten years? Ten years on average to turn pro. That's what Steve Weinberger said. It was close to ten years that they average, pro trained diligently and probably use PEDs before they turn pro. Can you sustain what you're doing for ten years? I would say most people are the answers going to be no. So moderate use, low term, side effects, long term thinking is what gets you big. My experience for first cycle I would just recommend trying test only. Maybe, and if you want to dip your toe in the pool, but I think test only is probably the smartest approach. Run it to your T-dose to see how you respond. If you get a lot of estrogenic side effects, you'll know that you probably need to stay away from stuff that aromatize heavily. If everything goes well on the first cycle, try test in an antibiotic for your next one. It'll be test in an angelone. Let's see how you respond. If you go out to gate use in two compounds and you have side effects, you don't know which one is causing the issues so you can't make adjustments. So start off with one. See how it goes. Then another compound, then see how it goes. Don't go adding a bunch of stuff. The more stuff you add, the more variables you have, the less you know what's going on and you can't make smart adjustments moving forward. When you're starting out, you're just trying to figure out what works for you. That's probably the most important thing. What you respond to, what causes the least amount of side effects. That's what you're trying to establish when you first start. I've tried test as high as 1.25 grams, 1250 milligrams a week. All it did was make me feel sick. That's a full-x shit. 520 to 1000 seems to be the sweet spot for me around 270 right now. More than one gram, they call it the test flu. Where you just feel like you're flu, you run a mild fever, you feel sick, you can't train. If you can't train, if you feel sick, then that's not productive either. You're taking too much. I've also found anything more than 750 milligrams for me requires serious estrogen management, especially as my body fat creeps higher. So when my body fat's high, I have to be very low with my doses of test and run antibiotics or even better just don't let your body fat get that high. I'll do another video on this, but cycling on and off seems counterproductive to me. You're going to do eight weeks on, eight weeks off. You're going to lose this about everything you gain on the eight weeks off. If you're scared, then just don't take them. That's just my opinion. It's cycle on and off any other medicine. You don't cycle on and off your blood pressure medicine. cycle on and off birth control. It just seems counterproductive to me. It's not going to give you long term results. If you're, you know, I would just say if you're concerned, if you're that concerned, then just don't take them to begin with. The safest route is just not taking them. I will say once you start, it is a slippery slope. I will give everybody that warning. And it's not because of some physiological reason that you'll not stop. You know, people think that you can't recover your natural test levels. It was on for five years straight. Came off, recovered, just fine. Had two kids afterwards. No issues. I'm not saying that some people can't be permanently shut down. I guess it probably gets worse as you get older. But I had no issues. And then it's not to say you're not. But the slippery slope is the psychological need for addiction, I guess. Once you've trained enhanced, going back to training natural sucks, it's just the truth. You feel mortal. And the lot's empty. You don't realize you're on until you come off. That's when you guys realize, oh, this is what if you like to train natural. So I forewarn you. I would only go down this route if you're pushing to be a professional athlete or maybe if you're over 40 and you're running TRT and HRT, that's a different ball game. That's kind of the area that I'm in right now. You know, hormone replacement therapy with the doctor management managing it. That's a different ball game. But I'm telling you, once you come on, it's like getting a bit of the vampire. You're not coming off. So I just, you know, unless you want to make that commitment, just stay away from it all together. For me, personally, I get the best size results from Tested Natural. One thing I will point out, if you do use natural loan, I strongly advise using NPP because it's in and out of your system. Fast, I know people have the obsession with Deca. And you don't need to take frequent shots with Deca, but Deca stays in your system for a really fucking long time. If you start having proactive issues with Gino and erectile dysfunction, you're looking at months to get that Deca cleared out of your system that you could be dealing with these problems. And I don't think taking these other drugs to deal with the side effects of proactive and some already there. So I would just say, using P.P. if you start noticing side effects, come off, NPP will clear out quick. In days, it starts, you know, I think they have life on the proponent and Esther's, something like two days. So it's going to be cleared out of your system in a couple weeks. You know, you can be back to a normal base level and you can bring your the progestinic in proactive effects and the proactive and back to normal naturally without having to use other drugs. That's my two cents. I like fast-asters in general, just you know, except for maybe test. So that way you can ratchet things up quickly and come off quick, think, in case you have issues. Anyway, thank you. That's all I have. Please like and subscribe as I mentioned before. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comment section. If there are other videos you'd like me to make, please let me know. I'm happy to do so. And if you're going to keep up with it, let's go on with me. You can follow me on this ingredient at Paul K Barnett. Have a great day.