Trinblown. Every bro was favorite steroid. Today we're going to talk about Trinblown. There's a lot of myth and mystery surrounding trend. It is every newbie. Let's take some trend for some reason. Let's take some trend, bro. We're going to look like a pro bodybuilder. Doesn't work that way. Anyway, we're going to go to the trend today. We're going to talk about application, how it works, hopefully give you a better understanding of it. Okay, so Trin is a 19-nour testosterone. It's a derivative of nanderlone. For you, bro is out there. Deca and MPP. We're going to call us nanderlone and correctly Deca. Deca is the ester, not the actual hormone, but Trin regardless, Trin is a derivative of nanderlone. It is nanderlone's little brother, so to speak. It is the souped up version of nanderlone. The modifications that were made to the nanderlone molecule is double bonds at the carbon to 9-011. This does change the properties of the nanderlone. It inhibits a rematization, so Trin is very dry. It increases antigen receptor binding of affinity, so Trin binds to the antigen receptor more strongly than nanderlone does. And it slows its metabolism making it stronger. Trin is five times more antigenic and anabolic than testosterone per ratings. Is that anabolic rating of 500 and an antigenic rating of 500 as well? Making it one of the strongest steroids there is yeah, you don't need a lot of Trin to do to be effective. Effects of Trin, you know, it's like most of the antibox steroids increase protein synthesis increase nitrogen retention, increase IGF1 production, increase red blood cell count. This is something that for at least from my understanding I can be wrong about this, but Trin really strongly inhibits. Coordes all production, glucocortaricoids, which is a huge benefit in contest prep training when you're under a lot of stress and your body is in a state where you're going to lose muscle because of the immense amount of stress that you're putting in under. So it just makes it a great choice when you're in deep into contact with contest prep. Also another benefit, effective Trin, that makes it rather unique and is good for contest prep is increased feed efficiency, which is why they use Trin often with cattle. Trin lets you eat actually at a clerk deficit and you can still potentially grow, you know, so that's a rather unique property of Trin as well. Side effects of Trin, as far as I'm concerned Trin is one of the nastiest steroids you can take for side effects, at least for me it has been. It has a strong, strong binding affinity for the progester, grown receptive. This can lead to gyna when people that are prone to progesterone related gyna comastia. I being one of them, I had to have never had issues with gyna until I took Trin. It seems to be compounded made even worse when you take Trin along with aromatizing steroids such as high doses of testosterone. I don't know the exact mechanism behind it, but it does seem to be worse. Someone smarter than me could probably explain that. Also a strong, introgenic side effects, aggression, hair loss, it's another thing. I didn't lose my hair until I took Trin. Body hair growth, I never had it back here until I took Trin. Prosciating large amount, I never had issues with my prostate until I took Trin. CNS stimulation, you hear people talk about insomnia, Trin's insomnia, Trin gets you so amped up, you're sweating while you sleep and sleep sucks. Kidney damage, I have not seen specific studies on this, but there's anecdotal information that there seems to be some direct or it may be a direct effect on kidney health. It seems the guys, maybe it's just a blood pressure over extended period of time for taking Trin. But it does seem to have anecdotally speaking, have some direct effect on kidney health. I've heard examples and people who've taken Trin for a long period of time that have ended up with permanent and pretty dramatic kidney damage. So keep that in mind. Applications for Trin, obviously we talked about it. It's great for dieting. If you're in a fat loss phase, you can eat less while maintaining muscle mass, potentially even gaining muscle while you're in a caloric deficit. Obviously, there's only so far you can push that, but I have put it to test myself, you know, eating in the slight caloric deficit and I have actually gained some muscle while taking Trin. The cortisol suppression we talked about that, how that's a strong benefit where you're dieting. It promotes a dry and hard look. Trin will dry you up, make you Vaney and look Narlie. Increase endurance, you definitely have more endurance in the gym. That's probably from the strong anterior nicety of it. Intergenicity, I don't think I fucked that up, but you know what I'm saying. You know, so it makes you more aggressive. So if you're more aggressive, you probably are going to push harder in the gym. Absolutely, should not be used by women unless you want to be a man. That's your call, but if you're trying to, I mean, still be a woman, I would not, I would not take Trin. Common esters, I remind everybody about this every time the ester does not change the underlying hormone, the hormone is still the hormone on. Trin is still Trin, whatever the ester is. Most commonly, you see Trin and Aunt 8. Aunt 8 has a half life of seven to ten days on average, probably closer to seven days. Trin acetate, half life is three days. Maybe a little less. Trin hex, which is essentially the same thing as an anathate, eight to ten days is the half life. It really haven't seen Trin hex used. It was some, I forget the name of it, but there was a parable and I think it was back in the 90s that people used at Belivis Trin hex, correct me if I'm wrong on that. Cycles and doses, I think Trin is strong, you know, no one grabbed from my hand, you know, you know, and on that if you can directly compare it, but you know, we saw five times more, five times stronger than test. So keep that in mind when you're dosing. A reasonable beginner dose is probably a hundred to 200 milligrams per week. Intermediate dose is probably two hundred to three, 50 per week advanced dose, three hundred and fifty milligrams plus per week. I think you're fucking nuts if you take more than 350 milligrams, but hey, that's your call. Every other day injections at minimum, I like to take it every day. I don't know if it really makes any difference. It's probably all my head, but it seems like it's smoother when I take Trin acetate every other day. There's no AI necessary when you're taking Trin, it's a drag, you don't need to take it a romantase inhibitor. It's not, it doesn't convert, you know, maybe if you're taking test or something with it. Typical cycle links, I would not run it from more than six to eight weeks. Eight weeks probably being the maximum. I know people that run it year round and they're fucking nuts, but you know, they probably don't value living past 50. My experience, you know, as I mentioned before, I had some pretty fucking nasty side effects. Anything north of 300 milligrams per week, which I have tried, I feel like absolute dog shit. I feel sick. I feel anxious. I can't fucking sleep. I sweat all the time. I lost all my hair. It makes my prostate swell. I'm like a balloon. It's fucking horrible. I look great, but I feel like shit. I would only use it for contest prep. I mean, that's my two cents. I think that's the only time that it's beneficial in the last six to eight weeks of contest prep. I never got much strength out of Trin. I've tried it on walking or size cycles and I think it should out of it. I got better results out of just straight nander one for a strength in size gains. I think it sucks for that. And part of it could be that you're just not going to advance if you feel like shit and you can't sleep. I could be part of it too. It may not be that the Trin actually sucks of putting on size and and you know, strength. But if you can't sleep, you're stressed out. You feel like shit. Your train is going to suck. So that's something else to consider when choosing your cycle. I would stick to Trin A's. I just think I think and I think it is stupid choice when taking Trin because if you do have side effects, you can get out of it pretty quick. You can ramp your dough, stop and down pretty quick. Also, there's the compounding effect of the longer asterisks where it's stacks on top of each other. We're going to that into another video. But anyway, I would want quick in quick out which ran, so if you start to feel like shit, you can pull off and have it clear out of your system in a short period of time. Thank you for watching my video. I'm going to be putting more of these up. Hopefully you found this helpful. Please subscribe to my channel. The appease, the YouTube gods, YouTube likes it better when you subscribe. Feel free to ask questions in the comments section. I'm happy to answer any questions or you can follow me on Instagram at Paul K. Barnett. Also, happy to answer questions there. Anyway, thank you.