To Renable, we're gonna talk about this today. I am going to try to say it's chemical. This is a mouthful. Quora, dehydro, methyl, testosterone. I think I got it. Before we dig into it and look at it, please take the time to subscribe. I get a lot of people watching my videos, not a ton of people subscribing. The YouTube gods like it when you subscribe to my channel. The more you subscribe, the more they show. My videos and their searches and algorithms just like that. Like the videos comment. If you have any questions, I'm happy to answer those questions. Okay, so let's dig into Renable, commonly known as T-ball. We're gonna take a look at the properties of it. It is a derivative of testosterone. Really, it's pretty similar to D-ball. It's just a formality I understand. I've never personally used it, but for me, I understand. It's just a cleaned-up version of D-ball. It has a added double bond at the carbon one and two. This alters the anabolic to endogenic ratio and favor of being an anabolic compound. It also has an added chloro group at the carbon four. This inhibits the aromatization and further reduces its adrogenic nature. This is a key difference from D-ball. It is an estrogen bomb. So this is really a version of D-ball without the estrogenic nastiness. Although the estrogen with the D-ball is probably what makes people blow up. I mean, it's what gives you that quick size gain. It's just water weight, garbage weight, in my opinion. It also has the added methyl group at the 17th carbon musician. We know what this means. This makes it a C-17 AA anabolic anogenic steroid, which makes it orally available. And also liver toxic. Essentially, like I said, this is just a not a rubber-tizing less-anterogenic version of D-ball. It was developed in 1962. It was discontinued from use in 1996. If I recall correctly, it was used by the East German Olympic team. It was kind of their choice in the 70s for setting Olympic records. The effects of Trenoball increased protein synthesis in nitrogen, gen retention and increased red blood cell count reduces SHBG. Which is nice. Improostringed mild improvements in size and protects muscle mass loss. Side effects of T-ball is pretty mild for an oral. It does raise a matacrit. It has shown to significantly worse than lipids, most orals do. I'll point it on again. There's no estrogenic sides. It is very mild on the endogenic end of things. Almost no anogenic effect at all. A not a measurable one. It does cause liver stress. It is a C-17 AA. So you always have to think about that when stacking this with other things. Probably don't want to be taken with other orals or if you do in limited time frame. You also probably want to take some proactive measures to help liver function supplements, etc. It does suppress natural tests as most AASs do. Bodybuilding uses for Trenoball. To be honest with you, sorry my dog's flipping out somebody's walked in. To be honest with you, Contest preble is the only time I can really see it having any value. But I just think they're better options. I do think they're better options. It does cause increased nitrogen retention. Suppresses S-H-B-G. I do think provider and is better. Maybe for female bodybuilders since it is very mild on the endogenic side effects. It seems like a poor choice for building size to me. Trenoball Half Life is about 16 hours. So you want to do twice a daily dose if you were going to take it. Doses for what I would say would be Gennard doses are somewhere in the 20 to 40 milligrams. Intermediate is 40 to 60. It's a 50 milligrams of 60 plus women. It's five milligrams doses. We're having a study show that five milligrams or less have no viralization effects on women. That's cool. So this is a dose of five milligrams per day. This is pretty safe for women. You're not going to grow a dick. My experience I've never used it. It's weak and a 17 AA. So if I'm going to roll the dice and use a 17 AA and put that stress on my body, I want some sort of effect out of it. I don't want to use something that's weak. Just mind two cents. You know, I think there are better choices for cutting. And of our one straw halo. It provides very little to know benefit for blocking it. Just don't see where it helps a bunch of anything. I think orals are stupid for blocking anyway. If you've watched any of my videos, I go into the reasons why I need to press appetite. They call toxicity. They basically make you sick and if you sick. It's not a good environment for growth. Might be an option for women though. I don't really hear a lot of women competitors using it. But it's interesting that it causes no visualization at a five million grant or less dose. So might be a good choice for women competitors. So something to consider for women. That would be one area would be interested to see how it works and what it could be useful for. Anyway, thank you for watching my video. Please like and subscribe. Feel free to ask questions in the comment section. If there are other videos you like me to make, please let me know. Follow me on Instagram at Paul K. Barnett. Have a great day.