So yesterday one of my viewers pointed out the different types of aromatees and habitors. I do have a video I recorded on XMSTain. I was going to talk about suicide inhibitors later this week, but I figured it would be best just to make a quick video talking about type 1 and type 2. Romatees and habitors just to help clear it up for people. Thank you for the suggestion. So type 1 is suicide inhibitor. It's a steroidal aromatees inhibitor. XMSTain, I think there's a form of stain or something else. Don't cool be on that. XMSTain is the one you commonly see used in body building. I will have a full profile, like I said, up on it later this week. But the difference between that in a type 2 AI, which is non- steroidal competitive and natural, which is a natural and letharousal, type 1 irreversible aromatees inhibitors bind irreversibly to the aromatees and I'm basically neutralized it, which is where the name suicide inhibitor comes from. So once it attaches to the aromatees and XMSTain, I'm just completely neutralized. So with type 2 non- steroidal aromatees inhibitors and natural and letharousal, which are more commonly used in body building, they do not bind irreversibly to the aromatees and they will eventually fall off or the enzyme becomes active again. Now what this can do? I think the reason why I was speculating here, the reason why people have leaned towards the non- steroidal reversible ones because they tend to be easier to control. But the problem is when you come off of them, if you just quit cold turkey, you end up having an estrogen rebound a lot of times where the estrogen that aromatees that are bound up before becomes available again for using a body and body. It also continues to make more aromatees because in the end up with estrogen rebound and just a shit ton of, when you come off of a cold turkey, you have to taper off, at least in my experience. And from what I have seen the type 2 or type 1, I'm sorry, XMSTain, you can have the opposite problem where you have crashed your estrogen and it takes a while for it to come back up if you have a use it. Typically with type 2, aromatees and hybrids, you gotta be real careful of estrogen rebound, especially coming off contests prep, guys, 10 to quit cold turkey and they get huge estrogen rebound. I know I've had issues with that. I'm also of note and I'll talk about it in another video on side effects, but the one advantage of XMSTain is it doesn't crush your lipids like a, uh, type 2, ar, it doesn't seem to have an effect on lipids, at least in studies of showing that it doesn't make it a way effect on lipids, something else to consider. Anyway, thank you for watching, hopefully this was helpful.