What it takes to become a huge IFBB pro. This drives me nuts. I keep seeing guys in social media. I hear young guys at the gym. And yeah, I admire the enthusiasm and the goal setting. But I hear guys talking about, well, I'm going to be an IFBB pro in three years. So just need to take some steroids. I'm going to win my first local show, Qualified for the Nationals, win national and then turn pro. It doesn't look at work that way. Never. Almost never. I mean, there are a few freaks on the nature that I think was Steve Weinberger, I heard talking about that the average, just the average. Think about this. The average IFBB pro has been training 10 years before they got the pro card. Their tons of guys that trained way longer than that. The late John Metos had been training for over 20 years before he turned pro. Nick Walker, who had everybody considers a young sensation. He said he trained for 10 years before he turned pro. So you're not going to turn pro three years. Not much years. Some sort of absolute one in a hundred thousand freaks of nature in the... That is the department. It's not going to happen. Just go ahead and flush that idea out of your head. What takes that 10 years? That's the average. What it takes is 10 years of grinding in the gym being perfect or in your perfect day and day out, weighing and measuring all of your food. Not missing workouts, training with intensity, training smartly, having a plan and following that plan and sticking to that plan, competing along the way. And yes, using PEDs along the way. Once you've maxed out your natural potential, it's almost no one turns pro without using PEDs. It's just the way it is. There are... There are a few exceptions that have heard Ronnie Coleman turn pro without using PEDs, but you're not fucking around a Coleman. There's only been one Ronnie Coleman in the entire history of the IFB. It's just... You're not Ronnie Coleman. I don't see any Ronnie Coleman's at my gym and there's some pretty talented people at my gym, but they're no Ronnie Coleman's. So you're going to have to be dedicated and you're going to have to stick to it. Most people don't have the type of patients that it requires to be dedicated and stick to something for 10 years straight. They just don't. And there's no shortcuts either. That's another thing, too. People think there's some magic cycle and some magic training program, some magic diet that's going to get them over that hump. It is just year after year, day after day of grinding. Just grinding away at a goal. And it's true with almost anything. I was a music major in college. You don't become... You don't master a music instrument until you play it for at least 10 years. At least it takes 10 years of dedicated practice to become even close to being a professional musician. And then there's another level after becoming a professional musician that you have to exceed to in its years of dedication. To become a professional football player, most pretty much every kid that ends up in the NFL and started playing when they were seven, eight years old and had been playing nonstop since that. Unless you're just some sort of exceptional freak. But don't let the exception roll what your results are going to be because you're not the exception. Most of us aren't. I'm not. Nobody really nobody is. So you have to grind year after year and be dedicated to it. If that's truly what you want. And don't talk about being an AFBV pro and you haven't even won a local show yet. Just focus on one thing at a time, take one step up in the mountain at a time. I'm not trying to discourage you from that goal. But work on one thing at a time, get through today, get through tomorrow, work on your goals for now when that local show. When you win that local show, it might take one another local show. But then work on becoming an actual level competitor and it may take years to master that as well. And you may never make a pass. The local level or the national level. You may not have the genetics to do so. It's another thing. In any way, I hope this helps clear some things up. Have a great day.