Why you weren't progressing in the fear of overtraining? This one be welders me. There seems to be this a rational fear of overtraining in bodybuilding. It's the only endeavor in life I can think of, or people are worried about working too hard. I don't think you hear of a basketball player saying, oh gosh, I shouldn't practice my shot anymore. I'm overtraining. It's going to mess my game up or a football player saying, ah, maybe I should skip practice today because I'm overtraining or an entrepreneur saying, hey, I'm going to you know, it's still working for 12 hours a day. I'm just going to work six because I'm overtraining overworking. You know, I'm going to mess my progress up if I work too hard. It's so weird. It's this obsession with overtraining and I need to cheat me. To me it's just the easy way out. Now that's not to say that overtraining is impossible, but I'll be honest with you. I get to see anybody in the gym and I think to myself, wow, that motherfucker's traded too hard. He's not making any progress because he's trading too hard. Now that can happen. It's not to say that again. I'm sure there's some guys on the pro level that push things too hard and need a break now and then. You do need to reset your body, but the irrational fear of overtraining has stopped people from progressing. I think personally, work hard. Your body will let you know when it's time to take a break, but pushing is hard if you can. Don't take, you know, you don't need a deal out unless your body says that, ah, it's fallen apart or you stop progressing. A lot of times there's other things that can be adjusted. Maybe your diets fucked up. Maybe you aren't sleeping enough. Maybe it's not an issue with overtraining. Maybe you just go out and party with your friends too much. Maybe that's the issue. But very rarely is the problem with anything working too hard. Keep that in mind in life. You can almost never work too hard at something. If you reach that point where you've worked too hard at something, you're probably going to be pretty successful at it. You know, so that's your sign that you're probably worked too hard. Have a great day.