Why are you not progressing the paradox of constant change? The most successful people in life find a plan and stick to it consistently over the long term. They make small changes when necessary. When you look at people that are successful in business, whatever it may be, they tend to do the same thing, day in, day out, over and over. So if you think about it, if football coach came in to NFL team and changed the practice schedule every week because they didn't like the way the practice schedule worked last week, completely changed the offense, offensive philosophy, the defensive philosophy from week to week. How successful do you think that team would be? Not very. If a musician wanted to switch to a new instrument every few months, how successful do you think they would be mastering that instrument? If a business institutes a new business plan every couple months, how successful do you think they would be at business? Not very. So I don't know why this changes with the gym. If one month you want to be a pilot or the next month you want to be a bodybuilder, the next month you want to be a cross-fitter, how successful do you think you're going to be at any of those things? Not very. The most successful bodybuilders and power lifters from what I've seen do the same shit, day in, day out, year after year, they very rarely change things. They stick with the same coach for years on end. I mean, just look at the most recent Mr. Olympius. He's always working with the founding roundbot pretty much his entire career. Train the same way, his entire career. Use the same diet, his entire career. Small changes here and there. I'm not to say that there aren't changes. It's just tweaks rather than entire philosophy change. Same thing with Ron and Coleman. From what I heard Ron and Coleman did the same work out 15 years later that he did when he was running Mr. Olympius. He just did the same shit over and over and over again. 8 chicken and Casey Masterpiece every day. And train with Chad Nichols pretty much to his entire career. Same thing with Jay Cutler. I know he changed coaches, make career. But Jay Cutler as far as I know did the same high volume training, his entire career pretty much ate the same way. And from what I've heard he was a creature I've had at the same routine day and day out. So if you're constantly changing coaches, looking for the next latest and greatest thing, trying to new work out plan every week, diets, your schedules constantly changing. And you never establish enough consistency to have a successor, even to measure that success. How do you think it's going to work out? You're not going to have success in the end. You're just going to stagnate and spend your wheels. And with that said, sometimes changes necessary. I don't want to say that you things don't need to be changed. Obviously, you do have to make changes at times. You know, so, but when you do make changes, lift the data, guide your need for change, not your emotions. You know, so, and changes few variables at one time as you can. So, you know, if you're, you think your coach sucks. Look at the data and the results. And let those dictate whether your coach sucks. You might not like your coach, but your coach might know what he's doing. And you're in really good shape. If you don't like your workout program, look at your training logs and see if you've been progressing. Look at your pictures. You know, maybe it's just small tweaks rather than throwing the whole thing out, making a small change. And so, think about an NFL team rather than throwing out their entire offense. Maybe they change a couple plays. Change is few variables as you can at one time. Monitor those variables closely. Let the data dictate whether those changes were effective or not. You know, so consistency overall long period of time is what makes people successful. Everybody's looking for the secret sauce. And I think this is a disease. I see in the gym quite frequently. Everybody's looking for some, you know, hidden secret in program, diet, drugs, whatever that they think is going to bring them to the next level. And actually the secret sauce is consistency. It's not constant change. It's not that next great thing. Commit to something, stick to it, make small changes. When you do make changes, make sure they're measurable, make sure, you know, that you change a few variables at one time as possible. So you can actually track them and commit to them when you do make them have a great day.