So I had a question on one of my videos about my thoughts on fast at training and fast at weight training. And if I thought it was a good idea and answer is, fuck no, it's not a good idea. The goal of weight training, what we're trying to do with weight training is to stimulate muscle hypertrophy, right? And weight training stimulates protein synthesis and weight training drives nutrients into the muscle to help facilitate hypertrophy. What do you think's going to happen when you're fast at? If you've stimulated protein synthesis and there's no protein present, if you stimulated glycogen uptake and there's no carbohydrates present, what do you think's going to happen? Nothing. And in fact, it may be the exact opposite. Your body may turn to breaking down proteins, gluconeogenesis, breaking down muscle tissue for fuel, not to state we want to be in. So it's a bit analogous to sitting a bunch of construction workers to a construction site and having no bricks or wood available from the build a house with. What are they going to do? Nothing. Nothing's going to happen. So in bodybuilding, our goal, everything we do is to optimize growth, optimize muscle hypertrophy or if we're in a diet, we would at least want to prevent muscle loss. So in both instances, you should be full if you would say I would argue even in a diet state, you always want to have carbohydrates and proteins surrounding your workout always. And if you work to go in a low carb state or no carb state, at least have some amino acids present. But I would think for optimal retention of muscle that you would want both, at least that's been my experience. So it's a bad idea. It's a really, really bad idea. Don't do it. Don't do it. We do all these other crazy things take AASs and all of these supplements and different training regimens and you're just flushing it all down the toilet if you're doing fast at weight training. Now cardio or fat burning is a different scenario altogether. You know, the studies show that you do burn a higher percentage of fat, doing cardio in a fast state. Now, at the end of the day, I don't think it really makes any difference. It's about net calorie balance. Calories and calories out at the end of the day. I've tried it both ways and I've been able to lose weight. Body fat both ways. It didn't really, you know, maybe it makes some marginal difference. But when you think about thermodynamics, it's in the day it's net calorie balance. Anyway, don't do it. Fuel your workouts. If you don't want to waste your effort in the gym, make sure you have plenty of carbohydrates in amino acids to facilitate muscle growth. It's that simple. Have a great day.