Why you aren't progressing analysis paralysis? I work with a lot of businesses in my daily job in consults. What are the big mistakes I see entrepreneurs make all the time is over thinking They analyze the smallest little detail to the The end degree when they don't even just do it in the basics to make their business run. So what the hell does this have to do with bodybuilding? A lot. It's a disease that a lot of people suffer from. It's the overthinking disease. I call it the 95-5 rule. Everybody has their own version of the 95-5 rule. But my 95-5 rule is that people get so focused on the 5% that doesn't really Fuck a matter or make much of a difference. But they forget about the 95%. They don't even have that taken care of. Okay. So what does this mean about bodybuilding? I don't even know if I want to say this. But I have a guy come up to me and ask me, What I thought the best pre-workout drink was. I'm like, I don't know. I don't fucking care. It doesn't matter. Pre-workout drink doesn't make you shit all the difference in your progress. They get focused on the pre-workout drink, But they're not even tracking their diet. Or I'll see the W that's wrapping rubber bands around everything. And doing all this crazy shit and lifting from angles that make no sense. And they're not even wranged out what they do. They're not even engaging in progressive overload. They're not even showing up to the gym consistently. You're not going to progress. If you get focused on that little shit that doesn't matter. Your pre-workout drink doesn't matter. Your intro workout drink doesn't matter. The rubber bands don't matter. The squats you don't matter. If you aren't lifting with intensity tracking what you're doing with progressive overload. If you're not on a structured diet, you're following that structure diet. You're wearing a measuring your food. You're taking care of the big items. Work on the big stuff first. Worry about the rest of that shit when you're perfect at that. And I'll be honest with you. If you do the 95% well, you don't have to worry about that stuff. I did you jits you for a while. And I noticed that the best black belts in Jiu Jitsu were the ones who just did the basics very well. They didn't do anything fancy. The Gracie family, they were famous for just doing the basics. It's the white belt that you get to get the comes in that's trying to do knee bars and ankle locks and all the crazy shit that's never going to do anything. Same thing in business. You know, it's when somebody has a very complicated product, price and structure that doesn't make any sense and a million different plans. It's never going to work. You got to have a simple product, a simple plan. Same thing with the gym. You need a simple plan. You need consistency. And you need to follow that plan and execute it with intensity. That's it. It's not that hard over a long period of time. Same thing in business. Same thing in anything. Execute the plan. With consistency. With intensity. Over a long period of time. You will be successful. Don't worry about your entire workout drink. It doesn't fucking matter.