Winstrel status a law, hopefully instead of that correctly. Winstrel, back in the 90s used to be super popular with spreaders for supposedly increased speed. I've never put that to task, but a lot of the spreaders that were getting busted back in the day were taking Winstrel. Today we're going to dig into it for bodybuilding purposes. It's more of a contest prep drug. But we'll get into details and we'll talk a little bit more about Winstrel. So properties of Winstrel just full disclaimer, everything I'm referencing here is oral Winstrel. I don't know really anybody that uses injectable Winstrel. There may be. It is a structurally altered form of DHT dihydra testosterone. Most of the contest prep drugs come from that DHT column since they tend to be dry and a draw being the exception. An introduction of an attached pyrosal group at the auring of the hormone replacing the three keto group is a key modification that makes it a strong antibiotic while reducing androgenic effects. It also has a modification of the 17th carbon position by adding a methyl group. And with that means it's a 17A a steroid making it available in usable orally which also makes it liver toxic. It has a lower androgenic and higher antibiotic rating than test like most other DHT derivatives has an androgenic rating of 30 and an antibiotic rating of 320. No measurable estrogenic or progestinic effects from Winstrel and promotes lean tissue gain. Also for the most part mild androgenic effects but although it doesn't even have a strong impact on hair loss. He was released the market in 1962 to prevent muscle wasting in the use of where people were using corticosteroids. There are, but you know this is another thing people think that somehow the injectables different it is also see it's also a C17A a steroid which makes it also liver toxic by injecting. It's also water based if you're done on water based shot they hurt like fuck. Okay, effects of Winstrel increase protein synthesis like other steroids increase nitrogen retention. This makes it very good for contests, perhaps decreased sex hormone binding, libelin, up to a 50% reduction has been noted in test subjects. Modern increase in red blood cell count I never have noticed any increase when taking it but some people may. Modern inhibition of glucocorticoids stress hormones such as cortisol strong antibiotic action as well. The effects of Winstrel can elevate RBC and hematocritus we talked about I never noticed any it's not as strong as other steroids but effects different people differently. As I've mentioned in other videos most of the time when I see people that have hematocritus it's not that they're having hematocrit issues so much as they're dehydrated. If you drink plenty of water a lot of times you will not have those hematocrit issues. Estrogenic side effects it does not convert to estrogen directly or indirectly. There is a slight risk of anrogenic side effects while low androgenic rating it still causes issues and I couldn't find any information. Why? I don't know they say they know directly it's it's is a mention it's known for causing hair loss and men. I'm five AR inhibitors so if you want to take perpisher or something like that to prevent it or finistaride it doesn't work since it doesn't directly convert to DHT. The five alpha reductase inhibitors don't work on it since there is nothing to inhibit. Skin lipids. Winstraw will absolutely crush your lipids absolutely crush it. This is insane a study show that a six milligrams dose, six milligrams. The fuck takes six milligrams. Nobody. Everybody knows taking 50 for a contest prep. A six milligrams dose for six weeks in test subjects caused a 33% decrease in LDL, an A2 or an A3 or 29% decrease in LDL. That is fucking bananas. That isn't sane. You know so god only knows what a 50 milligrams does. It does have some mild suppressing suppression of natural testosterone. It is known for causing joint pain likely from being low in estrogen or it doesn't convert to estrogen. I don't know but if there is something unique about it, it causes joint pain. I don't know the physiological reasons for it. I need to do some research into that. Suppression of natural testosterone we already talked about that. It is 17 alpha-oculated and can be liver toxic and higher doses. It tends to be less liver toxic than say, anodrome, some other stuff. But you've got to be careful stacking it with other orals. I would not do it unless you're in contest prep. Absolutely do not drink alcohol or take Tylenol and excess while you're doing it. Probably not at all. It would be smart. Application for wind straw. I really embody building. I think it only has one purpose and that's for the last few weeks before a contest to harden. I really don't see it being productive elsewhere. The increased nitrogen retention, no estrogenic sides, no progestic sides, suppresses SHBB, SHBG and promotes muscle retention and caloric deficit. It was useful for wasting. You are in a wasting state when you're dieting for a show. It is helpful there. Also the suppression of cortisol which your cortisol is going to be in a state of being stressed out and training for a show. Cortisol suppression is important. Winston's half-life is eight hours. It's a very short half-life. If you want to keep peak concentrations in your blood, probably twice a day dose, would be men and women would be necessary. Cyclos and doses, male doses, a beginner dose is 25 milligrams per day. In the immediate dose of 50 milligrams per day, most of everybody's preparing for an amateur bodybuilding show that I've seen taking 25 milligrams or 50 milligrams. Advanced dose of 50 plus. I don't know if I would go much higher than 50. I don't think it's necessary even at the pro levels. Females, I don't know a lot about females using Winston. I know they do. I would only use a few weeks before shows. A beginner dose from what I have heard, you know, feel free to correct me if I'm wrong about this. But like I said, I'm not the expert on female doses. But what I've heard is 5 to 10 milligrams per day. Intermediate dose is 10 to 25. It advanced dose will be 25 plus. I can't imagine women needing 25 plus. But who knows? Maximum, I would run this stuff four to six weeks. I just don't think you'd need more. Your joints feel like hell when you're on it too. I just, it really just drives your joints out. Badly, I just feel creaky. Everything hurts. It's one thing I've noticed. My experience. I've never had a really liver issues until I stacked. Winston, with anovar in the my liver and so I'm shot through the fucking roof. They were out of control. So I've taken both independently. Relations, when I took them together, everything was fucked up. I didn't notice any entertaining side effects. Of course, I'm already bald. Thanks, you know, thanks jeans and trend for that one. It definitely heartens me up. I mean, within a few days of taking it, I start having veins popping out everywhere. And it seems, it's probably in my head, but I feel like it thins my skin out too. You know, that's probably psychological more than anything. But it definitely heartens me up and gives me a different look. My joints hurt like fuck when I take one straw. Usually about a week or so into it. I get really bad. Joy paying. Crushed my appetite as well. That's probably due to the liver enzymes being elevated. But all worlds seem to fuck my appetite out. I don't see any benefit for it. And a hypertrophy phase. Anything that fucks your stomach. I'm going to make your feel sick. Make your joints creaky. Creaky can't be good for hypertrophy when you're trying to put size on. It's stronger. Get bigger. I just don't see it being productive. There are better choices. I would only use it for fat loss and composition and in short doses. You know, moving forward. I think three to four weeks is all you need from pre-contest. The last couple weeks going into a show. I just don't think anything more than that is necessary. That may even experiment with lower doses like 25 milligrams. Let's see if we can get away with that. I definitely be conservative when using it with other worlds. It seems to have a compounding effect with the liver enzymes when you use it with other worlds. I've never had an issue. Like I said, using both anovar and one stall independently. But when I put them together, it blew my fucking liver enzymes up. I just, you know, like I said, I just don't think it's an ideal environment for growth. If you're trying to use it for being sick, creaky, no appetite is not a good environment for growth. I just would not use this in hypertrophy phases. It's just not worth it. Thank you for watching my video. Please like and subscribe my channel. That'll help me get this thing up and going. I'm trying to help people get better information, make better choices. I'm going to help with harm reduction. People that are in the middle of their mind to do this stuff are going to do it regardless. Hopefully I can help you prevent a little bit of damage and stay healthier as you do it. If there are any other videos you would like me to make, please let me know. I'm happy to record anything you want and follow me on Instagram at Paul K. Barnett. Thank you very much.