Welcome to the SMTT podcast, my name is Rick Richie, and I want to thank you for being here today. And for those of you who saw on my Instagram stories that we were doing a countdown leading up to this particular conversation about Pilates and research with somebody very special to me. I guess this is joining us today, and I want to introduce her a little bit and tell you about why she special to me before I let her introduce herself. And I want to express my appreciation of my gratitude for you, Dr. Hess, because she was in charge of all the research classes I took when I was going through my doctoral program at CalU, and she was kind and stern and loving and supportive and everything that you wish that you had from a teacher. So thank you for that, and at times let's be honest, a little bit scary. And I appreciate you for every bit of it at graduation. You were the most loving, interested, supportive, and proud person when I showed up there. So thank you so much for everything that you've done for me, and numerous other students throughout your teaching career. I appreciate that. I'm so happy to have you on the show. Please introduce yourselves. Yourself and let people know a little bit about who you are. Thanks, Rick. It's always a delight to work with students and research. I've spent most of my career doing that. Working with students on research as opposed to doing research of my own, or with other colleagues, is really most interesting to me, because I think it's naturally developing curiosity. So if I can cultivate curiosity, that's what it's all about. For me, I've been teaching in the Health and Exercise Sciences for an Op-A-Long time, over 40 years. So, there you go. So, yeah, I have a crossed background in dance and also a little bit of, but I was always interested even when I was dancing or teaching dance in the science of movement. So that was what just kept propelling me through to my PhD. So which ultimately was in motor learning and motor control. So that's how I've gotten to where I am. And I'm interested in talking to you guys not only about research for the fitness professional, but how that best fits for the fitness professional. Oh, I love that. And listen, I've always said that dance is what happens when Pilates stands up. So I think that that's why there's so many dancers that end up going into Pilates. And they become teachers and instructors or at least class participants in it because somehow it seems very familiar to them. Yes, and if you had grown up and the time frame that I did on all of us grew up as modern dancers using grand technique, Martha Graham. And so, and she worked with Joe Pilates. They shared students as well as with balancing in New York City there. So the studios were all very close to one another. And when the dancers were injured, they were sent to Joe or Uncle Joe. So when I first started training in Pilates, really it never really dawned on me that a lot of our techniques that we use in modern dance have Pilates bases to them. So I ended up serving on the Certification Commission for the Pilates Certified Instructor. And from there I was kind of sourced out by the Executive Director of Wonderful Woman, Elizabeth Anderson of the Pilates Method Alliance. She wanted to put together a research initiative. And this was in 2016. So in 2016 we launched it with a dual keynote speak with a woman who had been fostering research there as a physical therapist, Sherry Betts, who did a phenomenal job for a long time on her own promoting research in Pilates. And since then, we have developed a full blown research committee for the Pilates Method Alliance known as PMA. Oh, PMA Pilates Method Alliance. And then one of my friends books, the PMA effect also positive mental attitude. I'm loving everything about this conversation so far. So thank you very much. I want to get into a little bit about some of the research in Pilates. And are you finding that, you know, they're these initial ideas of what Pilates was doing? And now we've got some research. So have you found that the research, you know, how much does it support what those original ideas were? And then are there any things that you're like, well, this is traditionally what was taught, but the research is kind of pulling us on a different direction or it makes us think a different way. Yes. I always refer to research that we wish it would tell us as cardiac research. Yeah. And I remember as a student, I would say, be careful about meddling with your searching and your research in terms of how you feel. So you have to keep that very objective. Yes, I did in 2016, when I presented for them and since several sessions, I've really gotten a lot more into the Pilates research. And we know several things. One is that Pilates is extremely effective on changing quality of life. And this is when you think about it, this is vitally important across the lifespan, especially even in a time now where our spirits, our emotions are tested. And so having these avenues in this particular training method that really focuses on mind body. It is a high-pob somatic practice. So also we know that there are some very interesting results for low back pain, but pain is one of those issues that is so nevelous that is to get a handle on what the research is telling. However, I just did a newsletter for the PMA in an upcoming newsletter, looking at a really nice high quality systematic review and meta analysis, which was looking at the effects of Pilates prepared to control, meaning no additional treatment, and Pilates compared to other forms of balance training. So they were looking at the effects of Pilates on balance and falls in the older adult. This is something that Pilates has been very up on in terms of following the client through their lifespan and what Pilates is really manifesting in the body. This was a very interesting review because they're procedures and methods were very well done. And what they found was that there is a moderately significant effect for Pilates' favoring Pilates in terms of comparing it to a control, high effect for overall balance. And so this is very, very interesting finding when we start to see these higher levels of evidence, tell us looking at over 400 in some people 15. These were also randomized controlled trials that they were reviewing. So again, high level of evidence. But I do want to talk a little bit about level of evidence. I do too, yes, yes. So let's get into this because there are so many things about this that going through your coursework not only was level of evidence important source that that level of evidence was published in. And I know in previous times I would just say, hey, this is in, I don't know, Google scholar, right? Or this is published in PubMed. It didn't matter which publication it was in. It was just published and reviewed so it must be good. But there are numerous caveats in that. And those are some things that I'd like to explore with you because we know that level of evidence and the presentation of that evidence and who publishes it can have a significant effect on the validity of that. Yeah. When I talk to the plodys instructors and certified plodys instructors, as well as other fitness professionals, I always start with reminding them that you're a researcher whether you think you are or not. You're also a consumer of research because you apply the evidence by using recommendations in position statements, consensus statements, wherever you're gaining this from, you are using research. But when we look at level of evidence, we want to remind ourselves that, and I also want to come back to credibility. So you've kind of gotten my mind split. Sorry. So I do want to address level of evidence because basically what we know is you have to be comparing something to something else. And this, and it also needs to be done in a rather random and systematic manner to make a long story short. So based on a pyramid, we see that the strength of the evidence goes up and the bias, the potential bias of the evidence goes down, the higher to the top of the pyramid we climb, which is where the systematic reviews and meta-analysis are, followed underneath by randomly controlled trials. But there is also something else we have to factor into the equation and that's quality of the research, which we probably need to come to at some point. Because a lot of people, especially in my sports nutrition class, we see position statements that were based on meta-analysis and systematic reviews are viewed quite often because they'll come back in and look at the methodology and go, hey, in reducing the literature that you reviewed, there might have been bias here and here. So it's kind of on-to-fit this professional to, to no longer say, I don't know anything about research, educate yourself because you are, if nothing else, you're a consumer of research. The ability is the other thing that you talked about. So when we talk about credibility, that's where I spend, I teach a graduate research course to wellness coaches and health and wellness coaches and one of the things that I spend the most amount of time on is are you using credible sources? Two quick ways to determine that and you mentioned them. One is looking at the authors and where the authors are located, who are they and who are they affiliated with. Always safe bets are those people affiliated with universities that have no conflict of interest. And the second ones are to use your professional associations, especially are very preferred professional associations for certain materials. So I have a question for you based on that because, you know, I, it's probably fair. It's a fair question to ask, but a lot of times people will say, you know, a desire for companies like NASM is to be able to be profitable enough to help fund research. That's, that's like a goal. But the problem inherently is, once we fund research and we get information back, then people go, we can't trust that because you funded the research. How do we get around that? I've seen this earlier in Gatorade because the Gatorade Institute pumps out phenomenal information that I still use in my advanced sports nutrition courses because it is very good evidence. Also I am seeing that ACE is now struggling with this because they are, again, engaged in the research process and just like you say, they're funding it as well. There has to be a disclaimer. So once an association goes into funding, I still think that that is valid practice because somebody has got to fund it. Right. You know, in an educational research, we have no money. So when we see larger associations come up and say, hey, especially like Gatorade, we'll fund this, we'll look at, you know, heat of, if it's emotional heat illnesses, we'll look at dehydration. Then we should all be very grateful that that is happening. But they have to disclaim somewhere that they are not using, we're only reporting the evidence that is found. Also, if you think about it, NASA, ACE, the Gatorade Institute really doesn't have anything that they need to support in favoring them. You guys are practicing the science already. The framework, the structure of NASA was developed on the, the, the OPT model was developed from science and my Clark, good of beautiful job of that, right? So I think as long as an association explains to the people that they're aware of what conflict of interest is and that the money is only being devoted to objective research and it will be reported in either way. Yeah, okay. All right. Well, thank you for, for clearing that up. And hopefully that is, it provides something for people who are out there listening that, you know, whether or not they had a question about it or whether other people ask that question and then they go, wait a minute, I'm not sure what's going on here. The other thing I wanted to ask you about is, as we've seen multiple places throughout society right now, but there's a lot of pushback against evidence in certain ways saying that evidence can't answer everything or we don't have answers for everything. And there's a lot of truth to that too because, you know, you've got to find new things to research. So where where does this kind of evidence and then the things that aren't yet supported come into play and how can we kind of stitch those together and then of course lead into researching that in the future? This is something that we spent a lot of time cultivating in Pilates, the research committee in particular. And we do this in talking to our instructors that are interested in doing research, if they're not affiliated with a research facility or a university or healthcare system that can provide institutional review for them, then the safest way to develop good research is by developing a case report. Case reports, if you look at level of evidence, however, you may remember fall very low. That's because there's a lot of bias and the strength of reporting on only a single case or even a two or three cases or clients, only really reflects the characteristics of those clients. However, I'm currently working on a chapter right now for a book that's supporting the benefits of case reporting. And one of the things that I have found and promoting it to our Pilates instructors, many of which who hold other fitness credentials, such as personal training, strength and conditioning, is that when you, again, you're conducting research every time you work with a client. If something in the practice isn't working or is working, or you have a client that presents a unique situation, perhaps you're working with somebody with scoliosis, but the scoliosis is unique in its own vacuum or somebody who, PTSD, we're seeing a lot of research generated and Pilates right now training for or working with PTSD individuals. So I think what the person needs to be thinking about, the professional needs to be thinking about is, am I seeing something unusual, always be questioning what you're seeing, because that's the origin of a research problem, right? And any research study or report comes out of a good problem. So I, to answer your question specifically, that's how we do it. The fastest and easiest way is for fitness professionals to be reporting on their cases. Fortunately, case reports are done retrospectively. They can be done prospectively, but essentially, most of the time you're reporting on something that you've already done. You do need to get consent from your client and it has to be written and documented and stored, but it doesn't have to go through the national institutes of health. So it doesn't have to go through IRB, but it still has the same value of anonymity for that client of privacy for that client, you know, at all the other packaging that goes with institutional review IRB. Now does that mean that we could put that together with basically any client we have, if we're familiar with the process with any single client, we can basically do a case study in a case report for just our everyday practice. Yes, a case report to a little bit different than case study. So I do want to clarify that and I spend a little bit of time in my chat, talking about that. Case reports are something that you're talking about that you are doing, typically they come from clinical research and they are generated by something unusual, an unusual characteristic or condition or symptom of the patient or client. We've kind of adopted case reports into fitness health care, health related science. It's kind of manifested itself into our practice. So case studies is actually when you are planning a study so that you develop the methodology that you're going to use to observe the case and to run the case. Meaning that you can even use, let's say I'm going to see if my Pilates training using the tower will increase curvature of the, you know, of the, chiphotic curve or decrease a chiphotic curve in a person with chiphosis. And that could be a unique case, but I set up a priority to study it as opposed to I've already worked with this person. This is what I found. I find it to be very interesting like we've seen medically over the years and then it's reported. Yeah, all right, then what are some of the ways have you, are you practicing as an instructor with Pilates right now or just focusing primarily on research? No, I do. I'm not a certified Pilates instructor and one of the reasons why is because of my role working with the certification commission, which I just stepped off of this past year. So I was serving for them as a public member and so we did review through the certification exam, which is nationally accredited exam and done internationally, but I wanted to keep at end with that. You can, I still am dancing and I still can instruct ants, but once you get to my age, it's much more fun to go take class. So so I have a lot of fun working with my Pilates colleagues and learning from them and then sharing my interest in my background in research. Gotcha, well what are some of the the primary thing coming out of Pilates? And we are going to talk about you mentioned pain and you're right pain is so multi-factorial and there's some wonderful research out there on pain science that has been developed over the last 10 years and here's where I stand on it is that it is not the role of a Pilates instructor or any fitness professional to address pain. Pain may be addressed during the process of it, but not saying hey, your in pain come due Pilates. It is let me address your movement, let me address deficiencies, let me address imbalances, but it's not to address pain and people who address pain have licensure to do so. Now that doesn't mean that a fitness professional of Pilates instructor or somebody that practices any particular practice will not in fact mitigate pain that may happen, but it is not our job to say oh you should do this because of pain and I think we need to be very careful of that, but I do know for a fact Pilates has been wonderfully effective at supporting people in managing pain. I believe that's why there's so many physical therapists that incorporate Pilates into what they do because they've seen that benefit as well and the same thing in the as for the fitness professional, but there is a there is a line there that we have to to be careful where we are and what we do. So if you could speak to that and then speak to some of the things that that we've seen or that you've seen because I have been seen it as Pilates on in the research that you find to be absolutely compelling. I will start by saying three words which is what I always start with when I'm talking to people about research scope of practice. So you have to work within your scope of practice and exactly what you say about pain it would be the same thing about addressing mental health. There are professionals in our licensed and have the background and knowledge to to work with individuals specific to pain and other mental health issues and that is not our role. So again maintaining your scope of practice, I've even entered into that conversation with a lot of people about nutrition. If you don't have credentials that that match well and your scope of practice is very tight and in how you can recommend then you need to stick with education and the practice of what you're doing. And if this serendipity is that like you say is that it's beneficial, I always think that music and dance is just you know it's a way to to get the neuroendocrine system awake and alive and so whatever it works. I think the most interesting thing for me in Pilates research is really looking at what Joe wanted it to do and what it appears to be doing in its lifetime. He was a real fitness champion. He really believed in Pilates to develop strength, power, all of the things that are promoted by NASA and flexibility you know is particularly a flexible spine. He was the epitome of it himself and it's demonstrated in every aspect of the practice including the breath and the control of it. That's what I see and that's what we're starting to see in the research as the research methods get better. There's growing pains in any profession I lived through seeing it in athletic training. Athletic training a couple of decades ago was very young to research methods. I came from motor learning which has a rich long world war two and past background in research and so I would look at some of their reports and go oh my heavens what's going on here right they developed and the PhDs came into place and you can see the methodology firming up and becoming of higher quality and I'm just we're just starting to see that in Pilates research. Again a lot of the published research in Pilates is coming from the health care professional people who are certified Pilates instructors but also physical therapists, athletic trainers, physical assistants, physician assistants excuse me, all of our carapractors so they have joint credentials including personal personal trainers. So we are starting to see that Pilates can affect balance strength, flexibility, quality of life. Those seem to be the top of the list and this was one of one of the groups that Joe would have been promoting for sure. I want to ask you a question about the balance because I find this interesting and if you have a few minutes I want to add we're going to open up and have Greg go through some of the questions that people on our Facebook live group are asking but I find it interesting you talk about the benefits towards balance and you mentioned that earlier on in our conversation but I find it interesting because I don't know and I may be wrong so please inform me if I am but it it seems at least to what I see that Pilates doesn't tend to leave the mat very often or at least they don't tend to stand up. Very often. So now people think for balance that that kind of correlates to you know am I able to maintain my balance but I've never I rarely practiced that in in practice so how how is it studied how what's implemented and is it is it mat based and then do we find there's there's kind of correlation between what you do on the mat and how well you do when you're standing up. That's a that's a conversation that I used to have with the the guys in nasum all the time what's what's it? That's the correlation between practice and performance right? That's a huge issue in and of itself. Well to answer your question about mat work you're only seeing a very small segment of Pilates. A lot of what Joe's rehabilitation work was done on apparatus including the reformer which is a system of springs towers which are all spring loaded so there's a lot of spring loaded training that is done. The primary start of the mat work which is kind of the genesis of what we want everybody to go through it kind of sets the stage for what you need in terms of recruiting core musculature all the way through the core meaning right the center and front and back and sides as well as the shoulder and pelvic girdle. So developing stability there very much like the OPT model where we see that stability at the foundation right that's that is exactly what Pilates of mat work serves but it is for example I really use mat and sometimes I use mat work with yoga but I love my reformer so I use the reformer quite a bit with other aspects other Pilates apparatus. Got it. Well I also say there's a whole lot easier to buy a mat than it is a reformer. It's a whole lot easier to store a mat than it is a reformer or a chair or a barrel or all of them different apparatus that I continue to be used so I do get that and NASM got that for a long time we teach workshops and we would focus on in those work primarily stabilization training and people would think that all we did was work with bands like little bands and I was like well that's because shipping cable systems is very expensive. We ship bands and that's relatively cheap and that's it's supposed to represent what you can do with a band a free weight with anything else so I think if we're talking about this as mat work laying a foundation and then you can then take that mat work and then sit upright and then stand upright and then apply it to many many different things then it can be wonderfully supportive. With that said I want to go to Greg and see if Greg will we have anything going on in our gallery there? Yeah active chat I'm not 100% sure. Okay here you go. When you unmute your mic it helps a lot. Sorry about that. So we did have a pretty active chat today we do have one question and I'm not sure if this is in the scope but we'll we'll put it out there anyways Lucas wants to know can you talk about range of motion and activation in the Lake calf and ankle on how to fix the entire body. All right Dr. Hess do you want to address a very broad question that that seems like a narrow but I don't think it is. I think it's very very broad. I mean when you talk about range of motion and the lower extremity we do concentrate a lot with that in Pilates and in dance and we know that in all athletes there's a certain range of motion that is needed to get what we refer to as the triple extension right needed for any pushoff walking running jumping, rebounding there has to be effective or enough range of motion to produce the force and absorb the force so I always think of range of motion as coming first especially when you're looking at your potential range of motion and then strengthen power coming out of that and and we all know of course that there is a very soft spot where if you exploit the range of motion too far then you dead in the water right so there's that that critical spot to get that stretch short and cycle to go. In terms of how it affects the body we did look a little bit at this I did my postdoc in balance at the balance lab in an ear at UPMC we did look a little bit at lower legs stability not so much range of motion but lower leg stiffness in the muscles and there's a pretty strong correlation between optimal and that that's a whole other story optimal stiffness and stability and support of the rest of the body because again that's your weight bearing your weight bearing structures right but we can't underestimate what's going on in the core and the pelvic girl because if we just focus on the lower extremity and we have a weak core or pelvic girl and I'm particularly an unstable pelvic girl then then the distribution of length of those muscles that all connect up into the hip and pelvis and down behind the knee right so we get gastroxin there coming up from the foot we get hamstrings and quads coming down from the hip past the knee you can't overlook the importance of the hip. Yeah and I think also to add to that something that you mentioned goes directly back to a podcast that we recently released um we're talking about sliding filament theory and how that relates to the length tension relationship um there is an optimal length that what you're going to have optimal strength then at those end ranges of motion you don't have quite the cross bridging that's there it's harder for muscles to contract from end ranges of motion but it does not mean that we don't strengthen those end ranges of motion and I think that's something that this is something that NASM talks about but we probably don't bring up front enough which is active flexibility and active range of motion so I think that that's valuable and maybe you could speak to that a little bit. I love those terms I absolutely love those terms um working in athletic training early on in my career I taught athletic trainers undergrad in the undergrad age-up program and graduate age-up program for over 20 years and I taught caneseology and research um and really what we find is that if if we don't develop um good active range of motion um and and so I refer to when we stretch before we work whether it's dynamic or or or passive assist with yourself um you're you're just gaining your potential what's kind of there we're not trying to increase it we just need to kind of get to what we have however when we have people who have excessive range of motion like answers when we bring the dancers into the athletic training room it would make them very nervous because we have a lot of range of motion that we're trying to develop strength and stability in those outer limits that you're talking about so it's certainly there and again if we have somebody swimmers divers wrestlers um dancers that need wider ranges of flexibility we have to train them actively throughout that range. Yes oh good well then uh the injury will occur if we and that is something if anybody's going to be attending Optima 2020 um hopefully I'll be attending Optima 2020 let's see how this pandemic works out but I will be doing lessons on I'll be doing live seminars on active flexibility active range of motion and active flexibility and I think that that's just it's it's it's part of our curriculum it's part of what we teach and everybody goes through it but rarely pay as attention to it and I think the value of implementing that regularly should not be overlooked so thank you for that. Hey Greg do we have any any other questions that have popped up? Yeah one in terms of the research and evidence based discussion that you had earlier uh in the show how exactly with with the internet the way you know with anybody being able to publish anything on the internet how do you discern what is is factual and what may not be what do you what's your advice on that? Good question. Uh oh did Dr. Hester with Luzha I think I think I think we may have so oh no she's so smart I don't want to lose you Dr. Hester let me see if we can reconnecter okay um I think I'm going to start speaking to the question right now and then I'll have a much more educated person on on our line hopefully in a moment that they can speak to it um it's called peer review and one of the problems with uh peer view is that a lot of people think well it's everybody who drinks the cool aid and I understand that perspective but please also understand that research loves objectivity research in fact there can be resistance to assumptions of the norm so think about things like brain plasticity which was thought to never be the case it didn't exist and then a few professors started talking about it and and then they would get fired from their job for bringing it up and now we know empirically that brain plasticity exists and what that means is that there are new neurons the brain rewires itself and it was just all like assumed that that it that didn't happen and think about when I was in the high school they like don't drink because it kills your brain cells and you're born with all the brain cells for half and I'm oh my goodness that's very scary I don't feel like I have many so let's be very careful with how we're how we're coming off brain cells um so what we're looking at here is how do you make that make sense this research makes sense and find validity and we do that through peer research so we have other people that are good looking at your methodology looking at your procedures and yet the questions that you ask and how you go about finding those answers so hey Greg if you we have Dr. Hezbach if you want to ask that question again and have a better response from somebody smarter than me please let's address that I'd also like to apologize to the audience the camera switched to me there for a minute as well so you're going to see the man behind the curtain there as well so Dr. Hezbach was with the internet and anybody basically being able to publish information how do you discern what what is valid when you're looking at at research and trying to understand what you really should believe in. Again that gets us back to the the word credibility so look at who the author is what are their credentials that's the first place to start because if somebody is certified or licensed then they have a scope of practice that they have to work within they also have to keep up continuing education which is important to that certification or licensure that they have so that to me is the first step look at who the person is what are their credentials who are they certified or licensed through then also look at who they might be associated with but in this day and age that's less important to me because a lot of people work freelance and they're highly credible and so I again I would go back to looking at their credentials and who those who credentials are from are they working within their scope of practice so similar to what we were saying earlier if we have somebody that's a certified personal trainer and they're talking to me about exercise protocols on good with that if they start talking to me about mental health or pain management I've become very skeptical very quickly. Very good I Greg do any other questions from our crew here. Other than why they saw me nobody and no other questions I was at it that wasn't so it's thank you for the answer to that one doctor. All right doctor has thank you so much for for joining me today and sharing it so much knowledge and so much experience with with the audience here from NASM if they have questions for you or they want to find you or follow you or reach out to you if you're if you're willing to do that do you have any email address or social media platforms that you use I can always be found through cow you dot edu so I'm has underscore r a at cow you dot edu you just google where Becca has normally I will pop up and I'm always welcome I'm always talking to students from years and years ago and seeing them when I'm out and about like you Rick I hope we get to get out and about here pretty soon. Not unless it's good to see everybody over Skype and it's really good to see you. Excellent doctor has thank you so much and thank you for everything that you did for me throughout my process and my education and then upon graduation how absolutely wonderful you were in person and with my family and my children. Thank you for everything that you've done. I really appreciate you and I thank everybody for joining in and participating and listening to this. I hope you found it valuable and I hope that NASM can continue to be a resource for you and your education, your continuing education and we will continue to provide a platform for learning. My name is Rick Richie. This is the NASM CPT podcast.