On today's NASM CPT podcast with me, Rick Richie, I explore how younger trainers can work with aging clients. And I also talk about how it's not just aging clients, but more in clients as the aches and pains of life start to grow. A young trainer may not understand what those aches and pains are or even where they come from. No, but none of us know where they come from. They just show up and things hurt. Okay, so life hurts, aches and pains happen. And I'm going to give you some pointers that I want you to think about. And even at the end, I'm going to give you my very own mobility series that I do for the spine that helps a lot of people with the achy back. Let's prep. Let's get people ready in their warm up and ready to do a workout. But as they age, sometimes you guys spend a little more time, a couple more minutes helping people feel better, function better and move better. Make sure you like, follow, subscribe and leave a five star review. Now, here's the episode on how younger trainers can work with aging clients. You're listening to the NASM CPT podcast with Rick Richie, winner of the ShareCare Emile Ward for social storytelling and the official podcast of the National Academy of Sports Medicine. Hey, y'all and welcome to the NASM CPT podcast. My name is Rick Richie. And today I want to talk about younger trainers working with aging clients. Now, to be honest, if there is an aging client, they're probably working with a younger trainer. However, let's take younger trainer into the majority of people who are in the fitness industry, the majority of people who are doing personal training. And for all intents and purposes, y'all young, there are people like me. I am 47 years. I will be 48 years old in less than one week. So I'm going to put myself in the aging category because I ain't in the younger category. I know, midlife, I get it. I get it. Because it's not just an aging body. It's also a worn body. And I've done some stuff to this body. There's years of martial arts and tumbling and prep falls that just make the bones ache. And so when we get a younger client, a younger trainer, it's hard to know what an aging body is going through. It's hard to know what, let's say, first of all, men of pause, which we're not going to spend time talking on today, really. It'll be another conversation and it'll probably be good for me to bring it in somebody who can talk at a high level about this. But what it really is is that there are aches and their pains, and they pop up all the time. And they pop up for no reason. The client says, oh, my back's really bad today. Be gentle. And the trainer's like, oh, I have it. And the client's like, sleep. That's it. I went sleep. I woke up in pain. I was fine at night. I was fine when I woke up to pee three times in a row. But on the fourth time when I woke up, my back had enough of whatever was going on. So what did I do? Nothing. I did nothing. And the younger client, the younger trainer, it's like, I don't even understand that. And I'm like, I know, I don't understand. If you're body with all the cartilage in place and, and noitis is in your body anywhere, you just don't have anitis. As soon as you get anitis, you'll start to understand. Well, here we go. You know what? It can be challenging. The whole thing can be challenging. I mean, the wheels on the bus go round and round still. But they wobble quite a bit. So here's some things that I think we need to think about when it comes to working with some older clients in the aging clients and regardless of age, the worn clients that require some really astute attention. And I can't break down everything because you're like, this is when, if I'm speaking at a conference or I'm doing a workshop, I get a bazillion hands go up and they're like, well, I have a client and I have a client. Everybody has a client that you have a story about and you want answers for that question. That's not it. This is an overview of considerations. As an overview of considerations, I'm going to give you some ideas when it comes to some spinal stability, when it comes to mobility, when it comes to some more gentle dynamics that help to build and prep the body in order to get to where they need to be to safely effectively and efficiently do a workout. I'm going to give you an example because I'm going to use me as an example because again, I am almost 48. I got some things going on in my body, aches and pains and stuff like that. And I do pretty well, but listen, I've got to extend that warm up a little bit. I'm going to start with really just my knees, my right knee in particular. I've had two surgeries on that when I had one when I was 17, I was in high school. And then two years later, I had another one when I was in college. I was 19 years old and I haven't had a surgery since then. Does it mean Papa don't need a surgery in there? It's just winds a convenient time to do that. So what do I do? Suck it up. But there's some great things about sucking it up that you can do so in a really good way that helps where it pushes a surgery, a potential surgery back because a few years ago is in a lot of pain. And I went in and I got my imaging done and you should have seen the image of that cany. I'm telling you that medial condile of the femur just there's nothing between it and the tibial plateau. They just sit right on top there. On the lateral side, you're like, oh, it must be cartilage in there. And on the medial side, none exists until it aches it hurts. Sometimes there's a wobble in my knee and that wobble is an instability. And that is a wobble of a version of pain. So you go in there and you see a wobble in the knee as a trainer and we're like, oh, oh, we need to find out as a stability issue. Is it a coordination issue? Is it a strength issue? Is it a flexibility issue? Is it all the above? It might be none of those things. It might be pain a version. And we're not here to address pain, but I will tell you this. I will get on a foam roller and it will change my life. I get on a foam roller before I do squats. So let's be specific about this before my workout. Before I do squats and squats really ache my knee a lot. But if I get on the foam roller and I do squats, it helps. It helps incredibly. But you know what else helps? Doing squats as a warm up because my knee will still aggravate. It will still bother me. But in my first set, I'm like, she isn't just doesn't feel good. And this is where a lot of people will stop them that tell them you tell your clients to push through it. And you can limit your range of motion because I know that a lot of you trainers out there love the A to G squats. But I can barely get my A to parallel. So let's consider what are other options that we can do. Because we can make it work. And sometimes a two-legged normal back squat, barbell back squat, hurts my knees. And sometimes it doesn't. And oftentimes when it's achy, a warm-up set doing the foam roller game changer. Sometimes it doesn't. Sometimes it just aches and still hurts. So what to do next? Consider what it would be like to not do bilateral. So let's do unilateral. Let's see if it feels okay to do a split squat or to do a lunge or to do a step up. Because sometimes some things hurt and other things that are just as effective when it comes to working the muscles, they feel fine. So there are considerations that we can look into. But this is all part of a warm-up and we'll get into specifics right after this. Because this episode of the NASM CPT podcast is brought to you by NASM1 and the membership for trainers and coaches. Members enjoy unlimited access to hundreds of career resources. Get the Edge app to schedule and program clients and enjoy half-off all certifications and specializations. Access to free CEUs and more all of this for just $35 a month. Come on, go to NASM.org slash membership to learn more about NASM1. All right. So let's talk about the foam rolling. That makes a world difference for me. It makes a world of difference for my knees. But then also, I'm talking about foam rolling. So I'm doing calves and quads usually. So quads, the front of the thighs, the side of the thighs. Sometimes down on the the medial part where I'm working my vastest medialis kind of rolling over it and it gets super tender, super sensitive. And so doing something like that, also adding in a potential warm-up where you're just building the lubrication and that joint. Now, so not just a squat warm-up, but it could be things like, yes, you could do treadmill. But having something that will move more like the range of motion of a squat, which would be like a bike. Right? So a bike brings that knee into greater flexion. It brings the hip up. So that might be a good warm-up. So just doing the warm-up like that, getting this anovial fluid in there, lubricating that joint and giving you a big assist for your clients. Because here's one thing that is a big problem, younger trainer, agent client. The problem is, because you don't know how I feel, I can't connect to you. You certainly can't connect to me because I've been young before, but you've never been older. So what's the problem? The problem is I'm concerned that you have a hard time putting yourself in somebody else's shoes in pathetic training. Can you put yourself there? And say, well, if I ever hurt my knee before, what did that feel like? It was able to lift and was at the same kind of pain. What are the considerations that you can make? Because you probably all roll your ankle. You probably all tweak the muscle in your neck and realize that your neck hurts kind of have the hard time doing pretty much anything else, same thing with the back. So where are the considerations that you're putting through? And I would venture to say that this should be a welcoming bell to a lot of fitness professionals who are out there that are working with older clients, which is great. But also older trainers because an older trainer is more likely to get an older client. And now because of my age, it's hard for me to say that I'm older, but when I work out in a class with a group of trainers and they are crushing it and I'm like, I can't even do that. My knee, I can't even do that. That's shoulder. I can't push it that way. That's hard for me. And so what does that do? That pushes me away from actually doing the trainer classes, the group classes that we do as trainers because these monsters are in there doing a great job. And I'm avoiding things because they hurt. It's like group classes are harder for me to do than work out on my own. That's probably why you're clients. It's easier for them to work out with a trainer one on one and not in a class because a trainer can pay attention. But are you? And not only are you paying attention, but are you also allowing the things that hurt me to hurt and not pushing me to do things that I can't do? So you've heard me say it before, I will continue to say it. Do what you can, not what you can't. And a lot of people out there, your clients included because you were there because you were younger. They want to show off through you and they will want to do things that they probably shouldn't be doing. My job as a trainer, as an empathetic trainer, knowing that they are trying to push themselves because they're working with a trainer, sometimes my job is to say, pump the brakes. You don't have to do that. We don't need to do that. I'm not trying to get that from you. What I'm trying to get from you is this. I love that you want to work hard. And there are times that you can work hard, but only in places that don't ache, that don't cause you pain. I don't take you to a place where you're going to be inflamed once you leave. I don't want you to have a flare up because you were working out with me. But I don't know how to control from that unless I start easy and build from there. But I also know that that nice warm-up leading into it is a game changer. Again, phone rolling for my knees makes a big difference. I'll do calves and quads. My add actors, the fastest media list, sometimes gets a little love that lateral media is not my lateral fastest is the one that can get a lot. So that's super tender for a lot of people. And I know some people who'd rather have joint pain than to do a foam roller because that pain can be so much. There are ways that we can minimize some of the aches and pains of foam rolling itself. One of my favorite things is I use a three-foot foam roller and I do both of my thighs at the same time when I'm anti-verior, when I'm facing down. But the other thing is if I got to go to my lateral thigh, then I'll put two foam rollers side by side. And so yeah, it hurts maybe because I'm on two places at once, but at least it spread out. So I'm not putting all of that pressure on one roller. I've got two rollers that I can roll across and it really takes the pressure off of that single spot. What what else? There are a lot of people that talk about backs. And there's a world of difference when we start looking at adding what I do with clients is a mobility series for their backs. Because I get people that come in and they're often very stiff. Sometimes especially after doing dead lifts or jujitsu, I get particularly stiff in my back. So I'm going to take you through a kind of typical spinal warmup that I do for my clients and again, as we're aging, taking the time to do the warmup. And if you've got clients that are like, look, I don't want to spend all my time here doing the warmup, then that's cool if you don't want to do 10, 15 minutes of prep, trust me if we're left with 45 minutes. Include it. Let's say a five minute cooldown. So 40 minutes of working out. Yo, I can get to you in 40 minutes. I don't need the full hour. What we need to do is take care of all the fitness components. And I can hit your muscles. I can tax your cardio. I can get training effects on all the above. But let's make sure that your spine is working for you, not against you. And so the first thing, this kind of a typical thing, I'll start with a client supine. So they'll be face up on a table or on a floor. And I'll have them go through a bridge series. Now the bridge series that I do, as I have them bring their feet relative to closer to your butt. If it's too close to their backside that may bother their knees. If it's too far away, it's more of a hamstring exercise than a glued exercise. So I'd like to get the glutes involved to support the back. Doesn't mean the hamstrings don't need some attention. But let's prioritize glutes and then use the hamstrings as a supplementary muscle. As an ancillary muscle for those hip extensions, the big part, right? They're synergist. But let's prioritize glutes. But here's the other thing. If I get a good bend in my knee, when people lift up into the bridge, they get an active stretch in their rectus femurus. You get that rectus for more. And knee is bent. The hip is extended. That's how you stretch your quad. So your bridge position is the quad stretch position. So lift up to that position, hold that position. I have them hold for about 30 seconds, really focusing on two things. I'm holding up three fingers. So let me go with three things, even though I really focus on two. The two things I focus on, see if you get a stretch on the front of the thighs and clench your glutes. And the other thing is just control that breathing and try to stabilize your core so you're engaging the core while you're in that position. Now, we go from the bridge hold. I time all of these right now. So 30 seconds to repeating bridges for 30 seconds. Making sure they're not rolling their spine, not that that's wrong, but that's not the goal. I want you to practice on hinging at the hip and driving the hips up because that's what a squat looks like. That's what a deadlift looks like. That's what Roman chair, back in hip extension, look like what I don't want is to practice rolling the spine. And then we go and do weights. And we're not rolling the spine. Like let's prep the way that our body is about to move. So we're not rolling the spine, lowering lifting. And then I have them put their feet together, pick one leg up and then go 10 repetitions, single leg bridge, switch it over, 10 repetitions, single leg bridge. And then I have them lower their butt down, pick their feet up off the table. So their hips are bent at 90, their knees are bent at 90. Their arms are straight up from the air pointed towards the ceiling and they do dead bugs. Really focusing. I don't do as much keeping a neutral spine. And I do include that. But a lot of times to engage their core more, I'll have them press their low back and down into the table to engage their core and protect them from going into an arch position. Now once they get better at that, then we can take them to a neutral position and see if they can stabilize their spine with a nice natural or neutral arch in it. So dead bugs, which is an opposite arm and leg of reach. And then I have them put their arms down. So keep their knees bent and their hips bent at 90 and 90. And then lower and tap their heels down to the table and lift back up. That's too hard. Alternate legs. If it's too easy, they can move their feet and tap their heels to the table or the mat a little farther away from their backside. But they have to keep their low back, press down hard, press down hard into the table. And then I go into a mobility series. I have them still lying on the table or on the floor and they do window wipers. Hips in these still bent at 90, 90. Their arms are completely out to the side and their legs go side to side. So it's spinal rotation, but you're moving from the lower extremity. Legs are going side to side, trying to keep your opposite shoulder down on the table. And then you get up, flip it over, you're on quadripet, cat cow. I know cat cow is something that I do in physical therapy. Cool. That's great mobility for your spine. And then I also do tail wiggles so that is shifting now instead of going up and as it's flexion and extension in the spine, we're doing frontal plane lateral flexion in the spine. So side to side, whacking your tail, basically. And then open books. Because it's where all ready in a quadripet position. So taking one hand behind the head and just trying to rotate the spine open as much as possible, doing that on each side. Have you lie down now? So you're in a prone position, cobra push ups, pelvis stays on the floor. You extend your spine and now you're going to the spinal extension as you do a push up, pelvis is down, chest is up, looking up towards the ceiling and back down. If you have people with spinal stenosis, don't do this one. If you have people, they do it and they go, I feel a little pinch. Just get out of it. Run. And then you can maybe advance it by going back into a supine position, doing iron crosses, so kicking your right leg towards your left hand with your arms up to the side. And scorpions would be a prone position where you in reverse kick your right hand, to your right foot towards your left hand and vice versa. I know if you're just listening to this, you have no idea what that means, but you can look these exercises up and you'll see what my spinal mobility routine is for people like this. And then I can have them do standing and those are optional because they're pretty complex. They're definitely more athletic population, but if I can get an older population or an aging population to start incorporating what even their range of motion, whatever little range of motion somebody may have, they can start working themselves into it. And then standing inch worms from inch worms, world's greatest stretch from world's greatest stretch, have them stand up, go to a cable machine, hold the cable in the right hand, step forward with the right leg, not the left leg, and let that cable pull you into trunk rotation. That is one of my favorite moves. You got to do it on both sides and that spine should be delicious. Ready to go, let's get some lifts in. Thank you all for listening and thanks to our producer, Eric Sorenson. If you would like to subscribe, share the podcast and leave a five star review. If you want to reach out to me, you can do so. Hit me up on Instagram at dr.richeritcher. Email me, rick.richeritannysm.org. You'll keep inspiring people to fitness. Thanks for listening. This has been the NASM CPT podcast.