Hi everyone, I am Wendy Bats, I'm with my co-host Ken Miller, and on our episode of Random Fit, we're gonna talk about procrastination, and how it's a common roadblock to fitness journeys. And on this episode, we're gonna explore different various types of procrastination types. We're gonna talk about everything from the perfectionist all the way to the thrill seeker, and we're gonna offer some actionable insights for you. Yeah, we're gonna talk about how to recognize specific behaviors and how as personal trainers, we can listen to their words and identify these types of procrastination. So, like follow subscribe down load, and let us know what you think after you've had a chance to listen to this episode of Random Fit. You're listening to Random Fit with host, Swendy Bats, and Ken Miller, winner of a gold mark on the award for Digital Media. Hi everyone, welcome to Random Fit. I am Wendy Bats, here with my friend, as always, Ken Miller, Ken, how are you? I'm good, Wendy. How you doing? I am doing very well, and this episode is one that I hold near, and dear to my heart, because I feel like I work and live at times with the procrastinators that fall within multiple categories, and that's one of the things that we are gonna talk about today because there are different definitions for multiple types of procrastinators, where I just thought procrastination definitely means you're lazy, but it was just like you just didn't wanna do it so you put it off, and there was no explanation besides I just don't wanna do it. Then I found out that I was kind of wrong. I feel like I'm looking at this information. Yeah, I think Wendy, when we were, when we were looking to stop, and I mean, the inspiration for this was the fact that when you look at procrastination, it's one of those things that I just, I beat myself up on every day for just putting something off. I mean, whether it's washing the dishes, laundry, or what projects that you and I are both working on Wendy, they back up producer, returning phone calls, writing a email, I just kidding. Yeah, okay, all right, rolling on the bus. And this way, we're gonna talk about internationally, listen to podcast. But, you're my favorite game. But it's different, so Wendy, I was about to say that, when it comes to procrastination, you brought up different things, right? Calls, text messages, sorry, and your East Coast, I'm West Coast, so there's that time for, I don't wanna text you when it gets to 11, 12 o'clock in the night. But the idea that there are different types and ways of people, prok, it's procrastination, it's just more than just putting things away. But once I realize, Wendy and you and I talked about this, there are different styles, different types, different reasons why people put things off. And then I thought about it again, we can't talk about topics here on random, fit without kind of looking at ourselves and how it affects us and our clientele and how we do business or how we communicate with our clientele. But nothing hit home more with how I reflect on, not just myself, but how I communicate with my clients, especially when Wendy, I'm sure you've got most people that have emailed you, texted you, and said, hey, I'm looking for a personal trainer. You know, I heard you were really good, let's go ahead and get started. And then you reply, sounds good, awesome, let's get started. And then you don't hear from them for like two or three weeks. Have you had that situation? Yes. Yeah. And then, you know, for me, I take a person and it's like, what did I do? What did I say? What did I have for them? Was there something I didn't wrong? Did I not respond fast enough? Did I respond too quickly? But maybe it's not me when they maybe it is you. Not me at you. It's not me at you. You're the one, you're the problem. But it's not a problem. It's just, they're stuff going on. And I think what we want it, well, I don't think, what we want to discuss and talk about this episode of Rammothet. We're talking about beyond later, overcoming client procrastination. And if you're a personal trainer, this is more to you and how you might want to be, you know, how you might want to think about your relationship and how you communicate with clients. And if you're an exerciseer, someone who's put off exercising, this is something you might want to listen to as well. Well, and I think it's really important. I mean, all kidding aside, I procrastinate as well as everybody. I mean, if we all have some things in our life or I'm just like, oh, I really don't want to do that. And then I find other things that I'm putting past a higher priority for me to conquer or what really needs to be done at the end of the day. And when we were going through some of these different variations of procrastination, one of the ones that I found interesting and I'll go ahead and bring them up because I can see a lot of me and all of these just so you know, I feel like I'm like a little bit of this one, a little bit of that one. But I found the perfectionist procrastinator very highly interesting because it's one of those if I can't do something and be really good at it. And I'm nervous about being the best at it. I just don't necessarily want to dive in and do it. And so that's basically the definition of what this particular one is is that you're nervous about starting this particular thing, like it was called a task because I'm fearful that I'm not going to be able to do it to the best of my ability maybe because I don't have the time to do it that way. So if I'm looking into research on certain topics, if I don't really schedule out the time and I put it off and put it off and I'm getting closer and closer to divine, then I just don't want to do it at all. And unfortunately, I have a lot of clients that fill this way. And Ken, I know that you probably get this very often or hear this and I hear trainers saying, how do you deal with this? Listen, I don't want to come in until I lose about five or ten pounds and I feel more comfortable in my own skin before I walk through the door. And it's like, well, no, I want you to come in as who you are today. So we can do this together. Let's start your journey together. But you're going to have clients that are going to find a lot of different excuses. And it's almost one of those things where they're focusing so much on the minor details that they're not looking at the whole big picture that you have to do something that's hard for you, like maybe losing weight or whatever your goal may be. You don't have to do that alone. And then they start leading to paralysis by analysis, right? They get in their head and they just can't let go. They have to be perfect. And unfortunately, it's one of those things. No one's perfect. And so you just have to think if you have a client that walks in and that's what you're hearing, how are you as a fitness professional? Or if you're a fitness enthusiast and you have these thoughts, how can you get out of your head just to get started? Yeah. And I see, and I'm thinking about a client in my head right now. And when you talk about exercise, they want to get in better. You know, the one that's like, I want to lose the five pound first before I see you or I want it. Yeah, it'll also come in the in the vervage of, yeah, I want to be in shape. I want to be better so I can do that. And I've heard that a dozen times in the last couple weeks. I, in the one client that I have in mind right now, he's, he's wanted to apologize us when he's not doing something perfect. Like when I make the most minor cue, tuck your chin in and put your chest up, let's kind of get you a little bit more upright through that. I'm for spine. It's like, oh, I'm so sorry. I'm sorry to that, you know, I'm trying. I go, I know you're trying. And it's the effort. The, all I want to see effort, you, you hired me because you want to be better. We're not going for a for perfection. We're just going for better. We're going for consistency over doing it perfectly because nobody does it perfect. So that's, that's a really big one. When the one that person that says I want to get in better shape on it, you know, I don't have the right clothes. I don't have the right shoes to do this. So they want, you know, they want that I deal perfect scenario. They can just get up, get dressed, go do everything perfectly. They have that, you know, and that's, that's, that's a really big. I see that one a lot. And like you Wendy, I saw myself in a lot of these and that's something that I'll, I'll do. Then now it's like, yeah, so what? I forgot my shirt. I'm going to go in a tank top, you know, I'm going to do something that I don't usually do. But it's the best situation I'm in right now. And let's just do it. Yeah, I mean, you know, that, that one's a big one. The one that I think, kind of hit home. And if you guys ever watch TV, you'll see these, these, um, shows like, you know, hoarders or, you know, people that let, let something happen to them or something happen to them emotionally or there's some psychological thing going on. And they don't want to let things go, right? And then it's like when you take a big step and you see that you're in an unsafe environment because you've got so much stuff around you. And I'm bringing that show up just because I was flipping through and I saw this show, this show that was on there. I was like, oh, it's like our podcast. But it's one of those things, Bree, when you, if you ever watch that show, I mean, it'll tug at your heartstrings. And one of the things that they say is, I know that this isn't right. And I know that there's too much stuff, but I'm just overwhelmed. So I don't know where to start. Well, this is what happens with this particular next one. It's called the Overwhelmed or the Adboyter procrastinator, meaning that there's something out there that they feel is too big. They just literally don't know where to start. And because of that, they feel like there's just so much to do. They feel paralyzed when you're like, okay, well, let me help you. Here are some options. And you give them more than like two or three different options. And their mind is just like, you've given them like a whole book. And it's like, wait, you've got to simplify things. And one of the biggest things after kind of reading through that one, and knowing that this is like something that can happen in personal life as well as in the gym, if you have someone that's really never walked into a big box gym before, and you go into something that has like over here's where you get your hair done, and your nails done, and this fall part is over here, and the pull part is over there, and basketball is over here, and here are all the weights. And here's the training desk. And here's that. It's a lot. And so when you're thinking about these type of individuals, they may be procrastinated, even getting a trainer, because they're overwhelmed walking in the doors. And so when you have someone like that that's coming in, you need to take a step back and think, okay, how would you deal? Kind of, you know, with these different scenarios, and this particular type of procrastinator, how do you deal with that situation? Because I know you and I both have had clients that were definitely, would be kind of, I don't want to say, title this this, but this is, yeah. This is, well, you know, I, you try and, you try and piecemeal it, right? So all their journeys are just seeing the big thing that needs to be done, right? So the goal is something like, I need to lose some weight, right? We're talking about losing fat, but then they've been on social media, and they're saying, oh, I can do this, I can do this and do this and do this. And now they're just, now, like, said, they're just overwhelmed, there's word, why start? I don't want to do the wrong thing. I don't want to spend $1,000 on a trainer for 10 sessions, and have that be the wrong decision. And they realize, well, now I got to go look for a personal trainer. Now they have to shop online, go through Google or Yelp and buying personal trainers in there. And that task in and of itself is huge. And something that I just had a conversation again, I have a lot of conversations. There, if you, I just talked to a guy. But the idea is, is just to kind of parcel out into small pieces. Like, so when somebody comes to me, one of the things that I ask is, so how, you know, are you looking for other personal trainers? Are you actively shopping? How many personal trainers have you looked for? Have you talked to already? And then I say, thank you for the opportunity. Thank you for getting on the call with me or coming into my facility and talking to me. That is a great first step, right? And I really appreciate that you've given me the consideration of enough to come in here. So great first step, acknowledge there what they've done and that they've actually done something. And then I like to break things down. And I'll say, the first thing we're going to do before I put one dumbbell in your hand is I want to see you move. And I want to just get some idea of the quality of movement that you have to determine, okay? Where might you need some mobility? Where might you need some strength? And we're just going to start from there. And that's it. What worry about putting on the muscle or work at work? We're working on taking off the fat. But this is where we're going to start. And I kind of just kind of shrink their field of vision for a second and have them just focus on, well, let's not work. Let's not look at, okay, well, I need to get in shape in three months because I'm going to be in this wedding party. Don't worry about that right now. Let's just focus on that first step. That first 10 minutes, that first 30 minutes, that first hour. And then we'll schedule our next session. And then from there, they feel more comfortable. That overwhelmed. It may be there's still overwhelmed, but at least it's not this big. It's this big, right? So from that vantage point, I like to kind of shrink things down, break it up into pieces. And so, okay, do this thing. This do this one little thing first. And then we'll do this one little thing next. And then we'll then we'll look it down the road when it comes time to looking down the road. But the overwhelmed thing, that's huge. And I personally have experienced quite a bit that myself for all the things that I want to do in my life professionally. Personally, and it's affected me negatively. And that's where I've had to get some help professionally and figure out, okay, well, what's my problem? What's my issue? And how do I overcome it? So fortunately, for me, I've been able to translate that into how I help people. But think about overwhelmed. And it's a real form of procrastination because you and I, and we, for what we do for the National Academy of Sports Medicine, some big stuff. A lot of people, a lot of eyes look at the work that you and I do. And that's overwhelming in and of itself. So to take that vantage point to our clients of viewpoint is something that means something personal need because I know what it's done for me. And I know how it's negatively affected me. So to put somebody in a better position than I was, when I didn't have those coping skills, that's, and that's, that's a perspective that I take with clients who is like, is just, this is just too much. Well, and, and I'm the same. I mean, it went to somebody's, to me, like, wow, it's just so big. I mean, now it's, it's totally different situation because I'm like, you can't work more in a smaller, little boutiquey kind of thing, where it's not so overwhelming. And I did that before that particular reason because I used to hear sometimes in big box gems, like, there's just so many machines and, you know, they would sit down with me. I'm like, well, that is the good thing that you have me. So let me worry about that. And let's make sure that we're focused on you. Like little things at a time. Don't worry about setting up their equipment. Don't worry about if it fits you right. I'm here to make sure that that happens. And I'll do it for you. And I'll teach you along the way. So we're going to go through this whole thing together. And, and that's one of the biggest ways to build rapport. And that's one of the reasons why, you know, I, I put a big check mark by this because I do see this when I want people are very overwhelmed. And they will find their excuse in the book of, okay, well, you know what, I don't know if I should get started right now. This was just a lot. And again, I don't let them get to that point personally. But it's taken a long time to hear trainers start to understand and accept that. The next one, I will say, I think this is the one at that that I know a lot of my friends and family members fall under. But it's called the crisis maker or the thrill seeker, if you will. We're honestly, they work better under pressure. And I know when I was in college, I had a bunch of my friends wore this particular person because if we ever had to do group things and I was in the group, I would want to pull my hair out. And I would end up pretty much doing the whole thing because they wanted to do this in the past minute. And I would need it an A on whatever project it was. So again, more the perfectionist person over here without it being the procrastinator. But they found it, they're like, it's a, it's a thriller for them. They like to wait until the last minute or they don't like it, but they just do because they do really well under pressure. They can study at the last minute. They can do these never even pick up a book and then, oh, I got a 15 minutes they flip through it and then they do well. Like the next to sell they are. They, they push things off. They reschedule things all the time. It's one of those things where when you look at a tight deadline and they have had multiple times and multiple days or weeks or whatever to achieve and complete something, but they wait until the last night before it's due the next morning, this is that particular type of person. Yeah. And it's funny. You immediately reverted to college on that one. Because that was me. So Wendy on behalf of those that didn't take steps in those group projects, thank you so much for all the work, entertainment. You're casting your, yeah, for past me. Thank you for your A, by the way. There's another master and a sucker that should really be thanking me for an A too. I'm just going to say thank you. Thank you Wendy. I mean, that doesn't happen all the time. But here's the thing, we're related to fitness, you know, the one thing that when it comes to this, you know, the thrill seeker, the crisis maker, that you can't do that in fitness. If you've got a 10 pound weight loss goal or a 10 pounds of fat or or you know, whatever your situation, that can't happen the night before there is no turn it in at 11 59 before the due date in time. But you know, it's it's a gradual, I mean fitness and strength and conditioning. It's a process. So if you've got three months to get ready to fit into that suit or that dress for that wedding, you need every bit of three months to get in shape. There is no, just do it, you know, I'll get on the treadmill for two hours the week before I got a squeeze into that to that whatever you got to wear. But, you know, the thing about it is is like, yeah, you know, what some people love that, but it's still, I think that isn't excuse to procrastinate itself. So from there, it kind of just like the over one thing. It's like, you got to start in little pieces, do something a little bit every day. So if to overcome that one, you just got to get started. Don't have to do everything all at once, but just get the wheel moving, just get things going. But, you know, I admit, you know, part of the time when I forget that's, yeah, I work better under pressure. But, you know, I motivated to work better under that pressure. But the quality of work doesn't necessarily get better the more pressure I have. So you said it. Yeah, I know. I know. So Wendy again, thank you for all the times that you've, you know, kind of pulled us through. All the things that we've done. But before we talk about the next one, all right, which is, this is pretty good when a lot of people wouldn't think that that's a form of procrastination. But before the next one, I want to, I want to make sure that everybody knows that this episode of Random Fit is brought to you by NASM1V membership. Four trainers and coaches. Members enjoy unlimited access to hundreds of career resources. Get the edge out to schedule and program clients. Enjoy half off all certifications and specializations. Access free CEUs and more. All this for just $35 a month. Go to NASM.org forward slash membership to learn more about NASM1. And now, since I have already done the lead in for the next form of procrastination. This one is a dreamer. The hedonistic procrastinator. Yes, this is one that's kind of out of all these so far. Maybe top three. For me, but I mean, they're all pretty close to the giveaway. But on this one, this is one that they have big dreams. They have big ideas. And then they just clutter things. So they, they, they, they, they, okay, I have a goal of doing this. Oh, but you know, how am I doing it? You know, add on this thing. Oh, you know what else we can do to make that happen? And they'll do this. But overall, it just kind of muttals the goal. It just muttals the task. It just muttals the things that have to be done to actually get that job done. So when the ad on this, this was kind of I didn't realize that it was a form of procrastination. I just thought it was just a way of being creative and ideating and, you know, coming up with maybe, I don't know if there's no real newer and innovative ways to get things done when they're coming up. So fitness, but I found ways to procrastinate just because I've come up with what I thought are pretty good ideas. So so your dreamer can is that what you're saying? I'm a dreamer. That's why you have to do all our projects in the, hey, Ken, it's doing an hour. Can you, are you going to be on behind the computer? Yeah. Well, I think, you know, I think, unfortunately, sometimes social media can cause some procrastination or people that maybe even weren't procrastinators in the beginning when they thought about fitness for teens or whatever or even their programming that maybe once they kind of saw what other people were doing and they really wanted to do some of this. They say, okay, well, I want to be able to run a marathon. Well, I really want to be able to do that type of hip workout. I should be able to do 20 pull-ups too. You know, and so there's certain things where it's all really good thing ideas to have, but it takes time to get there. Like you said, I mean, it's kind of what we were just talking about. It's like what's realistic and what can we do? So it's really good to dream big, right? Dream big right at down, worked towards those dreams, but people that feel like if it doesn't happen right then, then that sometimes those long term goals turn into, it's never going to happen. And, you know, that's one of those things where they mean well, you mean well, you're looking at the end results, but because you're not very consistent and making the proper steps to get there and you put it off and put it off and put it off, where, you know, just call a travel agent. Just have them do it. If you don't have the time, instead of procrastinating about it, call somebody that does have the time as specializes and, you know, if it's a vacation type thing. Because I am one of those people again, that wasn't a dreamer, but there was something that was very important that I should have done 10 years ago that I'm not doing until this year. And so it's one of those things where I'm like, if I don't do this now, I will never do it. Or I'll be dead before. You know, it like, I should have done that looking back, you know. So it's one of those things where I think we all have those tendencies, but when you put procrastination like after that, it's like a big wake-up call. Yeah. So just do it. Don't like, yeah, like you said when to keep those dreams dream big, write the right that to do is, but just be careful like for me, like when I write down things like, oh, great, I did. But then I find myself on writing in the margins, like I'm adding thoughts on to there. So I'm like adding more work or adding steps. And it's like just stop. Stay what's in the middle of the page. And I've got all kinds of separate nouns. Yeah, I know. Oh, when you look, I've got, I've got two, I've got, yeah, I've got me and my, my no pets. So my favorite is, it's like, oh, I wrote this down and I don't know which no pets and just go. There's that. You know how many, you know how many great ideas I lose for our podcast episodes? Um, yes, because you told me about it. But you know what, I think I think, unfortunately, too. We talk about that when it is important to kind of dream big, but when you think about it as a procrastination thing, that's definitely a negative. But another one that I really, um, I kind of found fascinating was the anxious and the warrior procrastinator. And I sometimes can find myself doing this. I see this a lot of times with younger individuals. But they ask questions like, what if I can't do this? And they're always worried that if they go and do, like, let's say, a personal trainer is going to go snowboarding and they've never snowboarded before, but they are going to take a lesson and they're really worried about it and they're super anxious. And the reason why they're anxious is because they don't land right, they're going to break their risk and if they break their risk or never going to be able to work, they're going to have to take months off, they're going to lose it. And it's like, wow, okay, they take stuff back. Let's start on the bunny slopes here. They're not going to, you know, where it will get some risk guards, like certain things like that. But you can see down that rabbit hole, um, where people sometimes will, then just say, you know what, I'm just not going to do it. I'll do it later. Let me, let me get better prepared for it. Let me make sure I have all the gear that you can save. And I'm using snowboarding as an example because this actually happened. Um, but, you know, so they're, they'll avoid it. They really want to do something, but they're putting it off because they're nervous about it or they're scared. And that's a, that's a, that's a big one for a lot of clientele that I work with because you've, you've gone to college, maybe you're active in college. Uh, you entered the workforce, had a family, you got busy, you got out of exercise. And now your doctor's telling you, you went to a physical doctor's telling you, hey, you know what, your cholesterol's kind of climbing up there, your heart rate, your blood pressure. We need to start doing something about that. And then now they start thinking about exercise. And now the idea of like, well, I got hurt and college. I don't want to get hurt again, but I know I need a way train. I need, I know I need to do some squats and wonders, but I've got to bad me. So, you know, now they're, they're afraid. So that, that idea of being anxious. I mean, it's legitimate, right? My clients, yeah, you don't want to get hurt. You don't want surgery again. You don't want to have to go through two months of physical therapy and just to get back to what you do on a daily basis where I can just do what I'm doing now and not be hurt. Right. So from, from that vantage point, yeah, there are some things that you need to consider when it comes to those things that you might be anxious about like yeah, you are putting stress into your body, but yeah, it's really legitimate that you're you're concerned about doing more harm than good into your body. But again, that's where you want to do your research, find a good personal trainer, might have the experience of the background. That can help you with your specific needs and then just go about it, you know, go about that way like you said when you have somebody do it. But here, it's, it is about, you know, addressing those needs. But when you're a personal trainer, working with somebody, just understand that, yeah, it's not an excuse. It's a legitimate concern. It's a legitimate thought and we do need to give it some weight when we do talk to them. So I think when it comes to the anxious, anxious procrastinator, yeah, but here's the thing, you know, with working within your scope or practice, you can't, and specifically to the idea of injury because I think the last three conversations I had for people looking for personal trainers, injury was a top two concern. Yeah. Well, and you know, there's just different ways we have to think about talking to our clients, ourselves, our friends, our families. Because again, we all have a little bit of procrastination of some sort and maybe all of the above at different, you know, different points in our life, depending on the topic or the situation. And that's one of the reasons why I can and I were super excited to talk about overcoming different types of procrastination because when you actually have it listed out that way, you're like, well, I do fall on this category when I'm dealing with my family or when I'm dealing with work or when I'm dealing with, you know, whatever the case may be. So communication connection is going to be like very, very crucial and I'm just going to kind of summarize this, can and then, and then obviously if there's any final takeaways, but, you know, if you do have someone that is the perfectionist, somebody that is really worried to get started because if they can't do it perfect, they don't want to do it at all. You want to focus on effort and consistency. It's not about being perfect. You know, just start, start small and break it down. If you've got someone that's overwhelmed, you know, keep the instructions very simple, very direct. Like, like Ken said, let's focus on the assessment first. Now let's just focus on our first session. Let's get you in good form and let's try this. It's just very small, easy communication without being overwhelmed. And this is what we're going to do today. We're going to do legs and shoulders and back and vices and tries to bring you some machines or going to do this. Like, don't do any of that. Just we're going to go here. This is how we're going to get started. And this is what I want you to do. And that's a show till do type of situation. I'm going to show you how to do it. Well, I'm telling you, then I'll have you do it and then we're going to work on this together. Very simple. Then you have someone, obviously, when we talked about the crisis maker, right? So just have pace, right? Be consistent during the workout and just make sure that when you're scheduling, it's very short, specific timeframes. Give them homework if needed. If you're thinking about the dreamer, so you got, you got Ken, he's got big dreams, big hopes. And then can't find his notebooks with his dreams in there. You want to just connect like exercises to their big, they like the vision. They want to see where is this one particular exercise? How is this going to help me? And you have to make it relatable to what they're looking for, big picture. So therefore, they do come back and keep the consistency and you want to help them feel that just what exercise can do, you just want to keep them coming back in. And then, of course, for your anxious procrastination, or procrastinator, just be real. I mean, that's the biggest thing. That's whatever around be real, or calming instructions. Related or not, I can be calming when they'd be. But you know, you just want to, you want to give them control over the situation and show them, like I would never do anything to hurt you. My goal is to help you along your journey. So let's just do this together. Again, it's just how you be able to, or you're able to communicate. And so, and they're just a few of the procrastinations that are out there. There are a lot of others, but we kind of chose some of the ones that we were like, hmm, do this one hit song. This one is a good one. So if you haven't had a chance to kind of go through and dive deep, especially if you're really into sports psychology and psychology and the way that people think and come together, this is a fantastic topic to really dive down and just keep getting into the details. Because we were like, okay, we're going to have a four hour podcast if we keep talking about this. Yeah, I mean, it definitely a lot. I mean, like, you and I both saw one. There's books on procrastination. There's our research articles on procrastination, but we took some of the top ideas and thoughts relative to this idea and realized for one, we had to show grace and forgive ourselves for what we've done, for, for, I mean, being personal, like, you know, I missed an opportunity to communicate with the client a certain way because I didn't realize that I just, I just thought that they weren't interested. Oh, they actually gave me some legitimate signs of what they were doing, which was procrastinating and so instead of me kind of asking the right questions and realizing that there's an appropriate response for some of these people who are generally looking to become better and I just said, well, okay, well, if you feel like, you know, there's a lot more that you need to do and I'm not the one guy that can help you do those things versus like, well, what do you really, what, what do you feel like you need to do? Right? For, you know, I can kind of over, on that person, it was just overwelf, right? But so what I thought about that conversation was like, I missed an opportunity to communicate with that person. And for those of you that that art personal trainers and just exercise and you kind of put something off, just kind of realize like, yeah, small incremental steps lead to big results over time. You just got to move the needle every day, get you pointed towards your goal and it'll, and a little, it'll happen. You just have to kind of recognize some of these things in yourself. So great points when the things for summarizing some of the thing, but communication is the key, both as a personal trainer to a client or to a potential client, but also you with yourself and your own personal goal when you recognize it, then I think you'll be able to take steps to improve things for you there. So when they thank you so much for sharing your insights on this, again, I thank you so much for accepting me and my program. Yeah, I'm just picking on you. I'm the same. I mean, I'm not, I'm not denying it. So, I will be the, yeah, I'm just giving it's easy y'all to be like, oh, can, hello, times at Ticin. Yeah, I meant to, I meant to do that, my bad. All right. So for those of you listening to both Wendy Batsin, I can Miller here on the random fit. Don't procrastinate, like, follow the subscribe. Do it now. Don't, don't wait up. Like, follow the subscribe down low. Give us a five out of five. Let us know what you want to talk about on future episodes. And we will get that on a future episode of random fit. So until next time, everybody, take care and be well.