Welcome to the NASM, CPT podcast, and our Facebook Live webcast. I want to thank you for joining us, and as more and more of you start to show up, I'm going to prepare you for an interesting conversation with a fascinating individual. This today, I was talking with some colleagues at NASM and Rich Fami said, you know who you should have on the show, is this gentleman named Ode, and I thought, oh, okay, all right. We'll tell me more about this gentleman. So he was telling me a little bit about his background in competitive strength sports and something called Moss Wrestling. I plan on talking to him about both those things. But as I reached out to other people, like Mike Fanta Grossi and some other folks at NASM, and I told them that we were going to have Ode hugging on the podcast, they were like, oh, that's going to be awesome. That's going to be great. I'm really excited. And so the more they were getting excited about it, the more I was getting excited. And all I did for a step of a day straight, I went online. I was YouTube and videos. I was watching videos of Ode, break world records, and almost break is back in the process of doing it. So I want to welcome everyone and have to Ode, please introduce yourself, tell us a little bit about yourself, and let's engage in some conversation. All right, I'm Ode Hogan, I'm older than hell. So I've been around for a long time. I've done strength training really for like 60 years, because I started when I was like 10 years old and make my own weights and then doing it ever since really short period of time where I was not as active as I was focused as it could have been, but that was just a very short period of my life. Most of my life I've been very much engaged in lifting weights and doing other strength sports. All right, I'm doing some mathematics right now, Ode, and you've been doing this for 60 years and you've started when you were 10. So I put you at about 70, is that correct? Yeah, I'm 70. Eric is. It sounds like a real number can be, but anyway, it is. It is like this almost morning, 15th of. All right, that's incredible. So let me ask you a question, are you still doing it? Are you still practicing and competing and lifting? Yeah, I have backed up a bit, obviously, but you know, sometimes you know, certain of these sports, when you do them, you only have so much enthusiasm or energy for you doing it. And I did like a kind of world's strongest man type competition for like 25 years and I'm not doing that anymore, but I still do what I'm calling arm lifting. I do some mass wrestling, but of course there's nobody to compete with. So I practice with the young guys and the gym and stuff like that and do a little bit of the mass wrestling. Some lifting, I'm still probably capable of at least at least hitting podium and maybe even winning World Championship in a couple of different events. So it will open in the open age. Oh, fantastic. In the professional year, it's good for you. And arm lifting is why? It's essentially lifting weights using a grip, you don't know, artificial aid, usually it's difficult to object, you know, like my one of my favorite is like axle deadlift, double over an axle, it's two and a half inch thick. So it's, you know, thick, twice as thick as of a regular bar and you deadlift it, double over hand. You have a lot of single arm lifts as well, deadlift, rotating handles, making different difficult and also thick, you know, I never went to three inches thick. Now, if, if you're doing this, are there standardized competitions with that with the the grips? Because I know that there was one where you did a record of, I believe, 63 lifts with something that was about an inch in Diane. No, it's called the Thomas inch dumbbell, but it's two and a half inches thick. Okay, okay, all right. But no, that's not a standard event because very few people can lift it, so it wouldn't be much competition. So you know, the great majority or even the arm lifters can't lift it one time. So that wouldn't be much of a competition, but no, it's standardized, like for example, the one arm lifts is a simulation of it, using a, obviously, the difficult in lifting something with a thick handle like that is basically the rotation and the weight, you know, you are not able to hold it because your hands will open up. And so there are the rolling thunder, it's called as a handle, rotating handle, same size as the in Thomas inch dumbbell and you use a loading pin and lifting it in other standards, the event and I plan to compete in that under the World Championship, which is now going to be held, I think, in November, there was supposed to be a beginning of May in St. Petersburg rush, everything had been pushed back. So last year, I won like four, three or four gold battles in different lifts in the open weight class. Or open the open weight class, open the age group. I competed in the 125 kilo class or 275 pound class. So other lifts are standard also, like, so the really thunder, the axle, the, the, we call it that Poland's axle, it's basically a two inch bar and that's a standardized lift and, let me see, you also use like a, what do you call a Saxon bar? It's a three inch by three inch by four inch plank over steel, did you grab in your fingertips? With your fingertips? Yeah, well, you grab in your hands, yeah, like a pinch group, yeah. A pinch group, okay, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that is challenging. It's hard for Matt, try to do that just with 45 pound plates and not trying to hook my, the tips of my fingers around it. Right. Challenge. Yeah. So, it's actually a bar where you loaded the plate, so it becomes like a regular deadlift, except for your lifting a plank over steel. Wow. So, all right. So now I, here's my question, like how do you train for that? What are things that you do? And it's not just your grip. I mean, you're lifting things up and down off of the ground, but, but I feel like the grip would be the first thing that would fail for the majority of people out there. How do you, how do you train that? Yeah, well, for the arm lifting, of course, the just the grip, the little failed first. I, I guess I wouldn't be like the traditional arm lift there because a lot of these guys that are really, really, especially, they're trained before the time at all, all they do is good training. I've pretty much done train all that different from when I competed in a strong man, all that and I backed off, I don't do a lot of events and stuff like that. But I, I just incorporate grip for thick bars and rolling handles in most of my events, my even my bodybuilding events, like if I're doing a pull down, I'm doing pull down with the grip if I do pull, you know, chin ups or pull ups, I'm using thick rolling handles to make it more difficult. And things like, just, just as an example, if you're doing a curl, I'm doing even a thick bar, I think. So, I train grip all the time in that sense, but I don't specialize just training on grip. I try to just just taste drum and stay fit. I, hopefully, successfully. I do, well, it sounds like you're still competing at the age of 70, so, you know, something's working for you. Yeah. Can I ask, what are some of the things that you do? I know there's physical preparation, but as somebody who is competed in other sports, it's not all about physical preparation, what are some of the mental preparations that you go through in order to steal and ready yourself for competition? Well, obviously, because I've competed in so many different different type of events when we were doing strong man at the world's strongest man level and competing in that, obviously, we had two kinds of competition, basically, one was when you're doing the grant for events, which were happening all over the world around the, and we sometimes had, like, six to eight events, and we're doing it in one day, or we have, like, five event, one day, and five next day, but all done in, like, maybe from anywhere, little less two and half hours to four hours. So, that's one special thing, obviously, you've got to be ready for that. But if you're doing so many events, and we don't really know what events are going to be till we get there in a more or less. So, that's one way. Obviously, you need to be thinking about how you're going to approach it. But on the other hand, the world's strongest man competition itself is more of a TV show. And when I was doing it, we were doing it, like, the preliminary events for, like, over one or two or three weeks. So, the whole thing took a long time. Now, they've cut it down to more, like, the entire content, including, the Korean-Liang-Sand finals, but four, five days. So, it's a lot shorter, but when I, you know, we did one or two events a day, and then, and all of us around camera shooting, and stuff like that, all of that stuff has gotten a little more efficient now. So, I'm, and those competitions are very difficult to prepare for in a sense, because you do an event a day, and then you start over, or maybe you do two, but either each one are very separate from each other, and each one you're really going to prepare for, and mentally. So, the mental preparation for those are very, very important. And you find that very few people work, what would walk into those competition, make, make the final, and then do well, and the final, as well as everybody that just made it to the final, that's all they did. But people with more experience, they'd more, more experience, whether once they're able to do it, because you're able to, you're going to be able to control your energy system over so many days of competition, because even though you only do one event versus two, because not that difficult to do three, four events, it's more difficult to do one event, and then you have to start over again, new, like two different competitions. So, great, very different. So, if they sort of like kind of a tournament scale, which I've done before, and in kickboxing, they're terrible. I wouldn't do very different things. And I don't fight again for weeks or months or hours, or days, something like that's very difficult to right. Yeah, so between hours and days, which I've been through, what are some of the things that you would do kind of, so now this is a mental preparation, but now also you might have done something where you've gone to absolute fatigue. You've pushed yourself mentally, you've pushed yourself physically, you're exhausted, and now you got another event coming up. What are their physical preparations you do as well? I mean, do you foam roll, or do you stretch, or do you, what do you do? Yeah, foam rolling and preparing like that stretching. If you have days, you obviously do more things, but usually you don't really work out, but you're just stretching yourself, it's still very important, foam rolling, even more important. And just keeping your energy system and also don't burn yourself energy device. If you're nervous, you burn a ton of energy with your nervous about something, so obviously you're going to shut yourself down and calm down and get ready when you need to be ready. Right, yeah. And then just in general, well, I know you also have a history of working with supplement companies, and I think dot fit is one of those companies that you've put a few reps in. Don't you use supplements as a means of recovery in addition to things like the foam rolling and stuff like that? Yeah, I absolutely very, it's been a very important part of my, my whole training. I've, all this use, a lot of supplementation dot fit obviously since that we found a dot fit in 2008 prior to that, I use a pick products. That's right. Prior to that we, another product that I've worked with Neil of course, I found a dot fit together with, with not with Neil and in apex, I was also working with Neil. So, yes, I, I'm a big believer in having the right supplements because you're, your food is never going to be enough in terms of getting all the micronutrients. So yes, and I, for me, I've always been a drug free lifter and competitor, and I think even so it's even more important, I think, for to be sure that you have all the proper nutrition. Yeah, and that's tough. In a place where you push yourself so much physically, and then you've got other people who may be, you know, using supplementation that is not legal or, you know, they, these anabolic components to it that, that some steroids may apply. So using things like the supplements that can fall under, you know, natural and, and legal, do you, do you feel like, um, obviously diet is going to be difficult to get the micronutrients and might be difficult to get all the minerals, but especially for maybe somebody you're, your size, um, you're a big strong guy. I'm, I'm a, I'm a little strong guy relatively. So, uh, and, and so I might be able to get a higher percentage of those nutrients from my diet, uh, and it might be a bit more challenging for you to get the, those, those might, micro nutrients, but then let's also talk about, um, supplementing things like macronutrients, like, um, protein isolate and just trying to get increased protein intake. Do you do that as well? I, in the past, yes. Okay. Uh, last 20 years, not so much. Uh, I mean, oh, yes, uh, I mean, a blend that, uh, used, uh, was called, uh, amino boost that I've been doing before and after training, yes, but, uh, protein powder, once in a while, on, on, on, on live and I feel like, oh, I need it. The problem is that it, this is, because it's not the problem, but the food is, a lot of, uh, protein and a lot of good protein and good food. So, it's not necessarily to do a lot more. But for most people, if the younger people that try to gain weight and doing that, but over the last, you know, like 20 years, I'm sort of trying to gain weight. So, I, right, basically, not done much of it. I'm trying to eat more, uh, other red leaf food, but I've been before then, particularly in my, like, in my 20s, I mean, I, I wouldn't be able to survive and as I took, uh, protein powder because I, I could, I could need enough. Right. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not, I can eat a little and now I can eat a little and now I can't eat a little and now I can't. I'm, I'm kind of asked about injuries, had it had injuries that have sidelines you for, for any prolonged period of time. Never sidelines me for a long period of time, but I, uh, uh, during, uh, I think the most serious thing, if we're probably doing my strong mentor, I, uh, I'd, uh, I'd, uh, I'd, uh, I'd, uh, rupture, uh, and it, uh, you know, I knocked a bicep off one by left arm and I had to reattach it. Yeah. I was fighting there. Yeah. 12 weeks, 12 weeks, I was able to, I rehab really, really fast. I used, uh, absolutely nothing that the doctor told me to do and it exactly opposite and, uh, now I, I, uh, I started, I started lifting, you know, within two, three days, I started lifting, uh, of having it, uh, being careful with the arm, didn't do anything with the arm, but very within a week. I thought moving my arm, uh, getting it out of the, uh, just slay, you know, the sling or that, uh, removal cast, uh, as fast as I could, I started moving it and moving it and, and uh, uh, Dr. Tomio, and six weeks, I should be starting a physical therapy and of course, I was doing it right from the day, day three or four, uh, and, uh, five weeks out, basically, uh, I went to the, to the, to the, certainly, I said, you know, you got it like me, go to the physical therapist, uh, I mean, five weeks, he says, okay, let's go early, I went to the physical therapist, the physical therapist evaluated me, said you're 99% everything, I just nothing I could do, other than charge your money for coming here, but whatever you're doing, continue doing it. So, so I did it and I, I have the 12 weeks total from surgery to, to the day, the 12 weeks, I was able to put like six or the Atlas stones onto the platforms in a reasonable, last time. And that's kind of very hard, but that, that's very tough on the bodies, a lot of people tear their bodies up, doing that because you, you're squeezing your arms and holding onto it. So that was a good test. Yeah, well, I was getting to the, I was doing some incremental training going to the watch that, but I was able to put all six stones that you had set up in the, in the training home. Now, there's something interesting about the, the bicep, did it come off that it's an insertion, so at a forearm, yeah, right, yeah. Yeah. So what happens there for, for people, aren't familiar, we've got this, you know, this distal attachment of the bicep that goes into the radius and when it detaches, it's almost like a Venetian blind, right? You pull on it and so the whole bicep moves up towards the shoulder. It leaves a giant gap on the humerus, like right around the elbow and it's got to be scary. Did it make a, did it make a fun sound when it happened? Yeah, I felt it right away when it happened, because it wasn't, I didn't pull it off. I knocked it off. I was, I was in my last set of tire tire flipping, you know, it was flipping and I hit the tire with my arm and I didn't even got enough to ground when it happened. It's the pop, you know, something happened there. So, I think it was, you know, if it was, you know, one of those things, almost all of us, these kind of injuries don't happen right then or there, you have, it's just getting ready to happen over some period of time. I had competed, as a matter of a competed week before. So, this was sort of like my first event training after had a grand Prix in Moscow, it was a big stadium and there we had a car, a deadlift hold, but with straps. Okay, and so it was really, really heavy. I was heavy to lift it and both my straps broke. I remember the time 86 seconds I held a, held a car and then my, my bullstrap's broken both hands, which this, you know, suppose we were breaking it all, but the bullstrop and I think that shock may have done something to, you know, obviously, that's stretching on my biceps. It didn't feel anything that it was anything wrong, but, you know, you don't know, feel it. No, no, you, you don't, but to, to hear it, I know that I've, I've talked with people who've had something like that occur and I've had people talk about this audible sound and, and of course you feel almost like something to them shook you, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and it's full opposite. It was like a big, it got, got pretty much wool in the right away. And it's the wrong way to get big biceps there. Yeah, that's the wrong go, that's the shirt. What are some of the lifts that you've done? Like, what are some of your heavier lifts, some of your records, just an uncurious, I'm sure other people are curious about what, what some of your, your, your big competitions and your big successes with lifts are. Well, I mean, most of my competitions are strong, and, you know, you don't measure the lifts. Now they're doing, you're doing deadlift as one of the events very often. We didn't, I don't know if I remember ever, never did regular deadlift like it, with straps and stuff of that in, in a, in a competition with that card edless video, because I, I've never, never, never did the deadlift. So, so there's no like, measurable, but I mean, I walked with like 900 pounds frames, you know, you pick him up in their hands and walk with a frame that's weighed 900 pounds, walked with 200 kilo farmers walking each hand. That's 14,000. 14,000. Do you know, in each hand? Yeah, the 40 pounds in each hand. And I have, you know, things like that, you know, record wise, or like one of my, I think, my first feeling, what the best thing I ever did was that was at the Arnold first aid, I got challenged to lift his dumbbell that had never been lifted before. And it was, it had like, I think it has almost a, I think it has almost a three-inch thick grip so it's really thick and it was a weight, a weight, but 92 kilo or 102 or 102 pounds, something like that, which is like 92 kilos. And they were using it in this Roman competition as a overhead lift. But they used two hands, they lifted up their shoulder. So, they had a challenge where they had found people, you know, Arnold says it's a ton of people there and pressure. They had, it's elected like five or six people that have been tested on other events that was supposed to come and try it out and nobody could get it. They'd get a daylight on that thing after state. I had an identical dumbbell, but it was like 10 kilo lighter. That I could lift once in a while. I did. I would be able to do it all the time, but I'd lift once in a while. It was one of those things that's very, very hard to lift on the consistent basis. But the MCHs, can I? Can I? Yeah, I was at Raphri in the Strowman competition, so he just asked me, so I was even a warmed up a prepared, but can I challenge you just for fun? I just challenge you to go and lift it after these guys after you can nobody could do it, right? So, I'm sure he's let's do it. So, I kind of warmed up just on the stages, moving around my fingers. Then I go to grab the dumbbell and I only always lifted it and I do a single dumbbell lifted between my outlet. I start in front of me and lift it like that. You had to lift it, have it on the side, like if you were, if you had two, it would be fine, but you had to lift sideways like that. I said, okay, I guess if that's what I have to do, I think it, I should at least be able to get a daylight on it. That's what I figured. It was a 10 kilo or 22 pounds more than what I lifted before. If you have been ever been to Arnold and the main stage, it's thousands of people and they are there because they love strength, sport and bodybuilding and it's the strong man, everything like that. I went, you start them up and I came out and I had adrenaline, like I never had before and I grabbed it and it came right up. Just give us coming off the ground. People stood up and they lifted it like that. They said, they did it for me. I swear, I probably could never lift it again. I could never do it again. Every done it again, but it came up and when right up and that's probably, and since then, only like three people have ever been able to lift it. There are some massive people like that. It's like a sort of stone, right? Yeah, you're the king guard there right now in my friends. Yeah, personally, that's my greatest needle spring lifting that thing. I was pretty incredible. I was pretty incredible. Can you tell us, what can you explain mass wrestling? Mass wrestling is essentially a very ancient sport and very natural obviously just like arm wrestling. It's something that you challenge each other. So basically it's a sport where you sit down on the ground and you put your feet up against the board and you one on each side of the board and you have a stick that you grab to pull up. The Vikings did it with sticks. They did also with rope rings and they did it against boards like that that we were doing with the modern mass and they did it foot to foot. The Eskimos does it with the stick but it does it foot to foot. But the modern sport of mass wrestling which is comes from Saha, a republican Saha in Russia, in North Eastern Siberia. It's a very, very huge land mass. Kut's indigenous people there have had a certain national sports rever and they brought it onto the international scene as mass wrestling. Mass actually means sticking in Yakuji and language, not in Russian, but in Yakuji and wrestling obviously is English. So they actually made a national sport with mass, the stick wrestling but using mass, the Yakuji and language, the traditional language and English. So even in Russian, which wrestling, the virtual wrestling in Russian is something totally different but they call it mass wrestling as well. I mean they call it mass wrestling written in the separately. Interesting. Very dynamic sport. It's a very, you had to have strength in every part of your body to be very dynamic. Speed, strength, intestinal fortitude and agility is what it takes. But if you have to be guys going as a means basically going to be very strongest. Okay, so that was my question. My question is if you're really good at the deadlift, are you likely to be really good at mass wrestling? You're likely but not necessarily. I beat people that are good that lift 200 pounds more than me. Okay, so there's still wrestling technique that goes in. Yeah, wrestling technique and also obviously it's a different position than deadlift. That lifts us obviously a great exercise to use as a training tool for mass wrestling. But you remember you start the movement right at your toes. Your hands are at your toes, not nine inches above floor. That's true. You're, you're, you be like putting your, you make a fist and put your fist on the floor. That's where you would be lifting pulling from. So it's a total different pull in that sense. And you don't, and it's very posterior chain dependent obviously using, using a hamstring. It's really you're pulling from your heels all the way to the neck and all along this point. So you, and you don't pull with a flat flat back like you would be in the, like you would ideally do when you're lifting something from the floor. You're pulling active around it back and you're pulling a long-despite instead of against the spine. Like you, you know, in a deadlift, you're basically using a spine as a, as a lever. In this you're using hamstring and muscles to your stretch start when you're doing it. So you're bent over. It looks like oh my god, this guy's going to hurt her back. You don't. Exactly. It feels really good on your back because you're actually opening up your spine rather than, than crunching it. Yeah. And obviously you had to come through. I mean, sometimes you had to pull through obviously just like in a lift. Do you think that that rounding happens because of, it takes a lot more flexibility. You already mentioned to get that extra nine inches or so deeper into it. You've got to be able to reach the stick, right? Yeah. Yeah. And if you, if you do it without rounding your back, obviously you had to bend your legs, but now you're shortening your leverage. And it's a leverage sport. The further you're bucked in your central gravity is away from that board, the stronger you're going to be. I mean, the heavier you're going to be, so it's more difficult for the other person to pull you over. Yeah. And so therefore it's, you know, totally different. You're at a very, very edge of your seats, or to speak. Yeah. So you're never want to bend your legs way too much. But you're always kind of in an athletic position. So you're, you, you move across the board, but you're moving with slightly bent knees, but you don't, you never squat all the way down, and you never lock them obviously either. But you, so you're sort of like linebacker or, or a defensive back in, in the football, the other than the fact that you've bent over you, you're moving the same way, but you're legs. Or, or the big guys, like offensive linemen, really good. I don't know if they're good, offensive linemen has good foot technique and they're really quick for the feet, perfect for muscle, honestly. Great testing event for football player for wrestlers. For wrestlers, probably where it fits in best is the fact that it's an absolute strength sport, more so than like the wrestling is obviously a, endurance strength, I mean, you're, I mean, the strength and conditioning, you had to, you had to have a lot of strength, but you had to hold it for a long time. And this thing is much more explosively. So it's a good training to get wrestlers that maybe don't want to lift weights, because they're, I don't like lifting weights. Oh, and I like fighting. I like, yeah, yeah, so this would not be boring for them, but at the same time they will gain a lot of explosive strength that they would, they really need for for for for wrestling as well. Although them primary, they need to be able to continue wrestling for like five minutes or whatever time it takes for for a muscle much. Yeah, and, and, and, oh, I'm going to, I'm going to say this that I know I've been in this camp for a long time where we talk about what's good for them and what's bad for them and what's good for your body and what's bad for your body. And here's something that I know. I know that I can't speak anything bad about any sport. If I grew up doing a sport that punched and kicked each other, that that's not good for you or the pedically, that's not healthy. There are many sports out there that we could all look at and we can put judgment on and say, well, they don't, they don't do it the way you're supposed to. What's your back supposed to be like? But when you look at a sport, you have to look at winning and what is going to provide you the better chance of winning. And so it's not always what looks the best to have been outside or it's the best practice order to become more successful. And then what we have to do as professionals is find ways to help support them in that so we can have as we mentioned before, longevity in that sport, minimize injury and increase performance. So with that said, are there best practices for training that help people, you know, at longevity, increase their performance for this particular sport and minimize potential injury? Well, I think you do this for yourself would be a but almost all kinds of general weight training would be good. I mean, they are the top athletes that I see, I just supermly athletic, that's them, they're main thing. But they're body form, in some cases, I mean, people that you wouldn't think would be really good at it, are good at it. So it's a, you know, it depends what you like to do too, you know. But a lot of studies have been done, there's a lot of books on it, but all in Russian, of course. And some matter of fact, if there's somebody out there listening to this that are interested, academically interested, and then we're trying, I think we'll have some scholarships or something for at least two people from North America to be able to participate in some kind of a master's to be program in this thing, if to have a bachelor's degree, there would be part would be you know, distance still learning, but obviously because you're going to have to play a bunch of people to Russia for for months and a time. But we'd probably including like a trip or two to be in person in in, in Yakutia, they are the university there, like a big university, sports university, maybe 30,000 students, and and of course, most of us think it's being studied there, as well as in many other universities in Russia. So there's a lot of books written on it, you know, this is physics, it becomes like a really, really physics at an advanced degree, because it's just a tiny little change in your position makes you much stronger, right? It's dynamic, so it's different from like just lifting because it's you know, you know, not only depending on your own body, but you know, what is the other guy doing, you know, on the other side, plus his way classes, so everybody from, I was going to participate. Yeah, there's I think we had to be at 12, so it's 15 very classes now. So people like me could potentially do it? Oh, yeah, any size, anybody that's a martial arts would love it, because it's very similar in a sense because you have to be aware of your own body and on the other person, then taking advantage of mistakes to other guys that do. But anyway, the men's way classes go from 60 kilo all the way up to 125 kilo plus and there's I think, there's 10 men's way classes and five women's way classes go from 55 kilo to 85 plus. Man, I'd love to see this as an Olympic sport and looks like a pretty incredible. Yeah, that's what we're working again, working towards it's being, you know, it's so all major events are very formal and very bureaucratic, like, yeah, it's an Olympic sport, so it's kind of interesting to be go there. Well, the first time we went there, went to your career for the World Championship there, you know, we had like 250 athletes from, you know, 40, 50 countries and the audience, you know, this was going over like morning session evening session, morning for two days, I guess the competition's going on and it was like a full full stadium the whole time. Even during the day in the preliminary, there was nearly full and at night it was just like you were, we felt like we were in the UFC fight, you know, there was an amazing, it was just amazing. But that's the great part, we've been there, we've been there, a bunch of central or central Asian countries and to European countries and it's been done in all the continents now, so the opportunities is everywhere and you get to meet a lot of great people from a lot of different backgrounds. Yeah, I love that. I love it. Hey, man, I'm going to pass this over to Greg and I'm just going to see if we have, we have anybody listening that has been following has any specific questions about it because I know the the chat's got some some chatter, but are there any specific questions for Ode in the chat? Yeah, the chat wants to know what has been your favorite memory throughout the entire career in doing this? Is there one moment that that really stands out to you? How do you have it, Chair? We're winning the winning America Strongest Man in 1999. Because I did it, but I wasn't kind of an interesting thing. I got to kick in my neck. I woke up in the morning in the day of the competition and I can't kick in my neck and I had his pain down in my rhomboids, just like it really sharp pain down there and I couldn't move my neck. And I was the great guy there to keep massaging me, helped me, and I went like this for the entire competition two days, five events each day. I was a wonder whole thing. And when I was finished, I couldn't put my arm down. I woke around. I had to go to the good suburb pain was so bad. But I made this to the whole thing and I wanted and I couldn't have been proud. I was 49 at a guy's house company and I was mostly in the 20s and some in the 30s and stuff. Yeah, I think that probably my greatest moment in that sense. Anything else over there, Greg? Any advice for people interested in getting into the strong man competitions and the strength that you have? Well, I'm in the strong man competition. Very easy. So many competitions around the country, strong man corporation, holding competitions, probably several every weekend, somewhere. There's also others like this, something called United Strongman that has some sexism, countries also. And are lifting if you're interested in group competitions or something that's a little easier on your body. But still like fun and is there a, you know, the group competition, we have arm lifting USA and is a arm lifting USA.com. You can get and find that strong man corporation. I think is just strong man corporation.com. You find all the events from them. Obviously everything has been put in a hold for right now. And not too many things going. Same with mass wrestling. If you're interested in mass wrestling, you can either follow us on Facebook or on the massfressingUSA.com. We have a few things coming up. I'm in there ways of trying it out. We're going to pretty sure we have been invited to do it. And I think we're going to come to terms with the Olympia committee and have it at the Olympia in in Las Vegas. And we'll have all kinds of different responses than the division to try that out. Both arm lifting and mass wrestling. Arm lifting. We have a lot of competitions on the country. And obviously, like I said here, everything can be put on hold. So they will probably be popping up again as they're asking Jim's open up and the market will open up here. If somebody wanted to follow you or reach out to you, what are some of your social media handles or contact information where they can find it. Take on Instagram, it's at Old Hogan, ODDHA, UGN and on Facebook, Old Hogan. And the training hall as well. The training hall by Old Hogan is a good place for people to put a lot of stuff in there. Yeah, also just Google. Use Google and look at some of your family. Yeah, yeah. I'm lucky to have a very good year. And it's incredible. I'm lucky to have a unique name. So I don't know much competition for publicity. So yeah, Google is probably the best place to find me. Yeah. But if somebody's interested in training, I do some online programming stuff for people for their doing strengths, but I can reach out before that or just comment, train with us at the training hall here in the Newbury Park. We have people from all of the world coming in and training and I have, you know, our most famous member or team member now is of course, Martíns, Lícízíz that won the World Strongest Man Competition this in 2019. And it's going to start preparing for the next few years since most put back off till the November of this year. So he's going to start training there. He has been training with me for like this fall. It'll be nine years since he started first game one. He was like 20 years old and skinny 220 pounds. Very athletic and very strong. He's bigger than that now. Yeah. Kind of growing all the man on him. We're right. Oh, thank you so much for taking time out of your day and sharing this kind of different world of experience than I've come across and have actually participated in. It's fun to hear about and it's awesome to be connected with somebody who has put so much into the sports and push your body as hard as you have. Thank you for having me. Awesome. All right, everyone. This has been the NASM, CPT podcast and our Facebook Live webcast. We do these twice a week. And today was a change in time. Thank you. Oh, for being able to change times with us today. Usually they're going to be at 12 noon is what to plan for Eastern time. And we hope to see you on Friday. Thanks.