Hey y'all, this is Rick and Annie with NASM. We talk about the lats. So the latsismist dorsai, latsismist means widest dorsai means back. So it's a really wide muscle on your back. All right, so we're going to show it on Annie, join actions and planes and motion. It's kind of like going to underneath the arm. So it runs through the arm. It's a lot of people think the lats go around this way and they don't. So they go underneath the armpit. They go all the way down. I like you can even see the wrinkle in her shirt, right? Which goes along with the lats. So it's going to connect into the Theraco Lumbar Fashia. So it's this little diamond shape, kind of a fashile sheath right here. And that connects to a lot of things. It connects to the sacrum. It connects to the ilium, connects to the lumbar spine. So the lats have an effect on all of those areas and all the joints in between them. Let's go sagittal plane first. So watch me take up into flexion. See how we stretch that muscle out in flexion? So when we pull her into sagittal plane shoulder extension, you can see how this muscle will shorten, right? So we see that this muscle does concentrically. It does extension, but it decelerates flexion at the shoulder. Alright, so let's switch planes of motion. Let's go on the frontal plane. So frontal plane, she's going to go out this direction. So you can see how she's going into abduction. That's going to stretch out the muscle. And then ADduction is going to shorten the lats. So it does concentrically addduction, ADduction. Now let's look at another transversal. Let's look at transversal plane now. It doesn't really do this very well. So you see that horizontal abduction? This really do that. Well, that's more of a posterior deltexur size. But let me have you bend your elbow 90 degrees. And you can see how she does internal rotation, external rotation, and internal rotation. The internal rotations, it's a pretty significant internal rotator of the shoulder. So we've got the muscle as the here. The lats is in his door side. It's doing sagittal plane, shoulder extension. It does frontal plane, ADduction, and transversal plane. It does internal rotation. Alright, Rick and Annie with NASM. And those were the lats.