Hi, I'm Ken Miller with the National Academy Sports Medicine and I'm here with Carolina Ray of C. Reperformance and we are here at the training station in Alameda, California. This video is going to go over what we call dilemma starts. So for one, if you're doing field work with your clients and you're doing maybe some sprints and change directions and speed agility and quickness. Instead of having to start from the regular, you have your start lying in that sprint, you can incorporate what we call dilemma start. So if you have a client that's a, they play with Ross, soccer, football, something to wear, they're all new and filled in the, in the, in the heat of competitions, somebody gets knocked down or falls down and it's going to come up and just run into the play. We can actually train in condition that, to start from that less than ideal start position. So I'm going to give you some quick hit or drills or positions that you can incorporate just a spice things up with theirs, whether they're doing 20 or it's friends or if they're doing some speed agility because you can have them come up from different positions. So with this first dilemma start, I'm going to have Carolina start off and she's going to go into a, what we call a lateral start. So if she's in a position, so if she has to turn right away, I'm going to have her go in this case, we would go left and of course later on in the session that go. Have her go right. So with this dilemma, the dilemma starts, we're going to go into a lateral turn which is going to turn with her inside leg. So here, we're just going to have Carolina go and she's going to open up with that leg and go. You can see there, just based on how she had to open up and turn where we have to have good mobility and good range emotions through the hip, especially when it comes into that hip abduction. All right. Now this next one is she's going to go lateral, even if she's going to leave with her trail leg and whatever you're ready, Carolina. Good job, nice job. So that's something we've been working on. And with that she came across cross-drab body, open step and then she sprinted into desired direction. So that's the thing, in the field of competition, if mine, opponent, if I'm playing defense, I have to be able to react as fast as possible to what the offensive player is doing. Now this next drill is what we call a, still a dilemma start but she's going to do a one-eight in turn. So she's going to do a complete turn around and she's going to have such a secure, she's going to go ahead and turn and you're going to turn here. She's going to go over right shoulders and we get out of the way. So on you, when you're ready, you're going to have to turn. Good. So with that, again, if you get turned around and if you're opponent's buzzing right by you and you've got to turn about face, you have to do that as fast as possible. So here you go, I'm going to do my steps and one thing that you've got to do here is have a big deep drive, big shoulders when you get that strength, get that push into the ground as you go into that direction of the opposing player. Right? Now the last one we're going to do is what we call a problem start. So here she's going to get a problem. I can have her, she could be the side position, she could be on her back. I give her the go and then she goes. So from here I'm going to have her hands up off the ground and from there I'll say go. There we go, nice job. Alright so from there I just put her in a different position, hands up. She is completely prone all her weight on her front side and then on my go she now has to engage the ground, push off strong and then go into that direction. Now some years ago when I think these do a used to work with a security grating, we used to be fully loaded, big, Kevlar mess. I mean they had a good 40 pounds on a bat and the least and they were arm. So one of the things that we had to do was get that to start from that prone position fully loaded for their yearly test. For the qualification. So if you're an athlete that's one thing if we are police officers, security, frontline guys who you know firefighters, you have to be in different positions, fully loaded and this is one way to prepare them for the job that they've got to do. So it's not just an athletic endeavor. It's also for those that have to be in different positions. Bad positions if you will. And getting into a pair to do that puts them in the safest place possible when it comes to what they have to do when they have to do it. So try this out. It's fun. You get your heart ring going. You get a couple of sprints going so we had to do a short track but if you're doing 20 yards, 25 yards of sprints this is one greatest by-sings up. So give it a whirl. Let us know how you like it. Thanks for watching and be safe.