All right, I can't go with the National Academy Sports Medicine and I'm here with Karen when you're ready. I'll see you right performance and we are here at the training station in Alameda, California. This video that we're going to show you here today is a movement trap for more of that advanced condition runner. So when I say advanced runner, it's not just somebody who's been running for a long time, but somebody that has been doing a strength conditioning plan for the purposes of improving the running in cans. So if we are a National Academy Sports Medicine certified personal trainer or performance enhancement specialist, or we are talking about a movement preparation for more of a phase by our level workout program. So what we're going to do here is to start off with a little bit of a self-mile factual technique and the focus here is going to be more on the ad doctors. So using the hyperrice fiber, Karen Lee is going to go ahead and put that along her inner thigh. So as she is laying from basically plank position, she is going to move her body left to her right. And she's going to look for it at tenors phone. And I think she's going to be a little bit more on the right side. So she's going to find a spot that's about a six or seven. So as she holds onto that spot over time about 30 seconds, there should be about a 50 to 60 percent decrease intention and that's just telling you that the muscle has relaxed. So as she does this on the right side and the left side, then you can get into our dynamic program. So that let's just say it's 30 seconds. We'll put that aside and what Karen Lee is going to do here for dynamic program. She's going to incorporate a lightweight here. She's going to use a micro pro and she's going to do a side lunge alternating side lunge with an upper cut. So she comes up. So step to the other side and she'll go ahead and reach out to the upper cut, holding a white worker reaching out. She's getting a little bit of rotation, a little rotation to complement that lunge side. So she's getting a different load and a knit as well as getting some rotation in the upper body. We'll get one more in here and awesome. Perfect. All right. So to work on her balance now with this one of balance. This is going to be a lateral hop with stabilization. So the purpose of balance here is actually landing mechanics on a single leg. So she's going to start off on her left and she's going to hop, ladling to her right. From here she's going to hold for about two to three seconds. And she's going to focus on good alignment. When I meet my good alignment, hit the end toe or in line. Shobors on level, hips or level, ears, shoulders and hips are also in line with a nice neutral position ahead that low back. We'll have her come back here and we'll go one more to the other side. So you'll see that every moment of this hopping sequence she's owning the landing. So here we have her hop left to right. She's easily just hopped in place and to work on that single leg, landing in mechanics. And now for the plan, mattress, we're going to take a turn jump. I repeat, turn jump that she's going to do as fast as possible. So again, this is power phase. The assumption is that we've worked from stabilization. So we have great body control. We've gone through strengths so now we've applied heavy resistance and sometimes heavy volume of work onto the body. Now this is about speed. So here's going to do a repeat turn jump as fast as possible. Good. Awesome. So you see she's done a good mechanics, great extension, her body's nice and tall. And here let's hit one more and good hold. All right, so that was actually very well done while executed. So we're looking for speed, but first and foremost, it is about body control. So at any point in time, if I saw her knees collapsing, she started getting maybe an excessive forward knee. Anything that shows that she's losing control, or even slowing down, that's running a stopper, that program. So this is about improvement. This is about moving fast. The second she shows anything that takes away from that with poor technique or slower speed. We are done again. We have to remember this is a movement prep strategy. This is not the workout. So try this as part of your plan. If you haven't mixed up your normal routine in a little while, maybe this is something that you try as far as getting your body warm down ready to go for your workout. So let's not have any like it. Thanks again for watching. Take care and be safe.