Coming up on random fit, myself, Wendy Bats and Ken Miller are going to be talking about free season conditioning the high school edition. If you have a high school or if you're a high school or yourself, figure out through Wendy and I on how we made it through high school and playing the different sports that we have. And the high schoolers that we work with, we're going to share some insights on what you can do to compete the best you can in season. But also more importantly, be as prepared as you can possibly be for that season. So like follow subscribe, download and enjoy the episode. I am Wendy Bats here with my friend and co-host Ken Miller. Ken how's it going? Things are going great. Wendy how you doing? I am well. And this week we are going to be talking about free season conditioning more so for the high schoolers that we're going to do a high school edition. And Ken I know that this was one that was near and dear to your heart and you're like this is the perfect time to bring it out. This because there's a lot of things going on. So why don't you start us off? Well, I think Wendy going back to when we were talking about sports and conditioning. I know with the type of clientele that you have professional athletes. Where you have a definite off season. Then you have a definite in season where let's say with basketball you have the summers off and then you start up you know in the fall. But when it comes to high school where you're dealing with multiple sports. There's a very, very much a gray area if you're playing one. If you're playing multiple sports. But in light of the fact that you know a lot of kids not just play high school sports. But they're also playing sports in the summer like they're playing a basketball. They're playing summer, summerly, travel baseball. So you don't really get that off season. But when we're talking about the high school athlete, we're just basically all we want to do is bring to light the fact that you know not everything's clear cut but there are some. Some kids strong considerations that when you're working with the high school or as a personal trainer if you're a parent of a high school or who plays. You know, you know, you're not going to have a sports or multiple sports. Some things that you want to keep in mind when it comes to making sure that you're a high school athlete. Not only can perform well once it's time to play for the season, but what are we going to do to help kind of mitigate excess stress and the and the situation where aches and strains and sprains and and you know other things that are indicators of injury. And you keep those things at bay. Well, and I find it interesting because often this time of year, especially if there are kids that are going to go and play football or they're getting ready for whatever it is that they're doing. I always ask him, I'm like, are you looking forward to starting practice and being with your friends and your teammates and you know they had trials. They did that and there's a couple weeks off and they get ready for school and then they're not okay. And they're not going to have to come back to some this day or even when you think I know we're talking about high schoolers, but if you even think about college, you know there's that time of between. And what I've seen with some of my clients who have high school kids. They don't let they don't do anything over the summer. They go out with their friends, they'll go on vacation, but they're not training and they're not working out anymore. They're not doing anything. They'll have trials, they'll do well and trials and then they start practice and they're sick. They're, you know, let's see who's going to be the first to throw up. Let's see who gets heat exhaustion because their body isn't acclimated to anything. So when you brought this to my attention, I'm like, this is perfect timing because we're hearing where I'm at a people that are having. That that the athletic trainers are on the field with some of these kids who are having heat issues. You know, heat exhaustion, there was people that were called, there was somebody that almost had a heart attack and these are high school kids, but they are not preparing for it. And you know, you've got to start thinking, what is the sport? And when's the right time to kind of look into doing something, to getting them moving and acclimated to whatever their sport is going to be, whether it's indoors outdoors, certain structures, meaning. Yeah, yeah, I think to your point Wendy, when we talk about let's say we're forgetting into the fall, let's just kind of take the school year from beginning to end. So as you brought up when the summer time is just, I mean, that's a big coin toss. So as when I was a string coach at Cal, one of the things that, you know, the one thing you hope for is that your athletes did something. Anything, you know, anything, you go up for a jog, did you, did you hit the gym with your buddy, anything. Just to maintain some some semblance of fitness and strength conditioning over the summer because when school started, then that's where you're just like, okay, well, let's see what we got. All your all this fall sport coaches are thinking the same thing, you know, what do we have, you know, especially if you're playing, you know, let's say it's for like football or volleyball or. When it's volleyball, water polo is a fall sport. So, you know, you have your triads and with with my daughter, they've got triads the first day of school. So it's not like they have a two school, but once school starts that's where they have their triads. So first of all. Get familiar with your environment as you mentioned, when he with when it comes to heat stress if the first time you went outside was when it was 103 degrees. And now you're going to have to run jump stop fall. Get up and do that multiple times hit somebody in pads. The first time you go outside and experience that he you don't want it to be when you have a home and on when you have pads on right get acclimate just get used to the temperature. So if you think like you brought up when if you're inside you're in a gym, you're on a basketball court where it's somewhat temperature controlled. That's fine, but if you're in the other side of things you're outside and it's 100 plus degrees. The heat index is 100 plus don't make that the first time you go outside. So outside of conditioning just know what the environment is and that's more from a safety sampling because as you brought up when he. Passing out. You know, because you have heat stress, he truck that those are those are fatal situations so from us from a conditioning standpoint. First things first just know the environment know what you're going to get into you know that's in addition to the conditioning side of things. I think it's important to when we're looking at okay we've got this high school athlete what what is it that they want to do what sport do they want to play you and just talked about maybe. Multi sports and I think that's awesome because you are keeping yourself in good. Conditioning hopefully throughout the the year and it doesn't matter what sport you play I did that I ran chat track I cheered I did different things at different times of the year so what I could go one right into another right into another. And I felt like I had a good base and so if you are going to have a child that is on one single sport you want to think okay if you're. Trials are this day then give them a base I think really working on an aerobic base working on some strength working on mobility and and I know. Can you and I both discover the same information we're looking at different research and stuff that's out there the commonality is anywhere from four to eight weeks you want to give yourself four to eight weeks in order to really start to. Before you go out there and try out and then do it on a continuous basis to keep yourself in the best shape and conditioning with reduction of hopefully injuries unless they're contact and I was like well okay for eight weeks it is. If if you are a single sport and and I have always heard that as well and I haven't seen anything to say that that's changed. And I think you and the idea of trying out Wendy you have to get in shape for the trial it's not that you just try out make the team and then you get in shape for the sport if you're going to give it max effort in one singular moment. You know you want to be prepared for that moment as well so when it comes to triass and this is another thing. When it comes to the sport if you know when when when that tried to get that 48 weeks ideally eight weeks. At least but now you you built up some confidence in what you can do and that way when you are trying to. Jump change direction sprint. Whatever the whatever the coach wants you to do to show that you deserve a spot on the team. That's that's your season right that's one way to look at that is your season is actual trial event so give yourself I mean to your point when ramp up time but also consider that. Try out as one moment that's going to set up the season because you can you know if you just sit on the couch all summer and it comes the fall and then your other shape it's going to show and that's a reflection of of not just your your fitness or your strength or your level of power but also reflection of your of your discipline you know and how well you can take care of yourself so. I think that's a big key because with with some of my athletes when their season is over and I know Marty Miller he uses this this example I've used it a ton of times too but you know if you're if you're a NASCAR right and you go when you do the. They ton of 500 you're doing 500 laps and the car is going in the same direction over and over and over again you get more wear and tear on one side but throughout. The laughs they have these pit stops they get new tires they get gas they they make some corrections if they hit the wall or hit another car and it's just band aids until until the race is over and then whoever the winner is is the winner. I always tell an athlete your body is kind of the same as a NASCAR right throughout the season you're running it really hard you're putting a lot of wear and tear on there and then when the season is over just like the race is over it's my job to help them rebuild that engine and that car to the max so when it's going on to the starting line it's going to be able to accelerate to its full potential. So when you're looking at it like that you can put that in the eyes of somebody that understands NASCAR or for a long or whatever it is that you watch or have an example for. Then as a high school or puts in perspective because a lot of these high school kids see my athletes come in and they're like why are you here when the summers over and we are rebuilding their their body to prepare them to be explosive from day one to show that they should be the starting. Starting person and they should get more minutes played than the next person behind him who is fighting for that same position and so to that that's the dedication that is that's the the. The vibe that I want them to have I want them to have the drive to want to be that that's the level they want to be at but when they start to see some of these other. Higher athletes are elite athletes coming in and that's what they're doing on their downtime I'm telling them all your round but we'll have to move in different directions we say that with NASM every 46 weeks get yourself reevaluated look at your assessments see if you're making progress. And I think sometimes we we just think of the sport and it's very sport specific when it really should be body specific to help them in their sport. Yeah and I think you know that that's a great point Wendy so when when we talk about. That that level of condition you get that you get that four six weeks now the other thing too is you get I love that analogy when when you and Marty bring that up you know you just just make it through get through the finish line and then we will fix things up and and what we are talking about there is is basically addressing injury potential because. As you said when you're going around that track you're going to wear down those wheels. definite wear pattern that's going to be the same lap after lap after lap after lap so the same thing if you're right handed throw or you're going to have that same right to left when it comes to tension that's coming through your trunk in your torso. same muscles through the shoulders that are being used over and over and over again, but the one thing we need to also consider when preparing for your season is making sure that we've. address muscle and balances so when it comes to looking at the injury potential you can never predict and I say this all the times like you can never predict. That's somebody is going to get injured and therefore if I if I if I can't do that I can predict how I'm going to prevent you from getting injured so. What we can address is injury potential so by making sure that you're not just met a ballically condition like your your your cardiovascular fitness is there your fast and you're explosive and you're strong. One thing but are you recruiting the right muscles at the right times in the right planes of motion just as a human being so as you when the and you're not talking about this. Many many many times is that we we have to get you moving as better as a human first. The best thing in mc. did kind of mention a little bit too, but on the anaerobic and anaerobic conditioning and thinking, okay, about our lungs, and are we able to withstand that many minutes, whether it's a basketball player that has to play, you know, sprints going back and forth, whether it's a lacrosse player, a soccer player, that's a lot of time running back and forth. And so no matter what, I think it's important to build an anaerobic base, that's your jogging, you know, tempo runs, circuits, fartlicks, little things like that. I think those are a really good way to start building a base, and then we go into the anaerobic intervals. And that's when we do a true hit, you know, people were like, oh, I did a hit workout for 60 minutes, and I did it now. But you know, I did a true hit workout or shuttle runs or different types of sprints or lateral movements with different patterning that forces us have to think cut or maybe it's unpredictable. You don't know what's coming next because I'm gonna change it right on the spot. And then at that point, looking at, okay, we're getting closer to the season, and we know that we've got a good base, we know that we've got good sprints, but then thinking, okay, what is this sport demand? And we've got to think, okay, we're developing the different energy systems, like whether it's repeated sprints for soccer or burst for football or burst for basketball. And these are just some examples. I think when we start to look at it as a whole and you're always changing what they're doing, but making sure that it makes sense and the bodies prepared for that, we're setting them up for success, but then they're also gonna go into the season and better shape and less likely, like you said, for the predictable injuries, because hopefully when they do their assessments and go through that, they're well above everyone else, because they worked hard in the off season. Right. So I do wanna add on to that thought windy, but before I do, I just wanna say that this episode of Random Fit is brought to you by NASM1, the membership for trainers and coaches. Members enjoy unlimited access to hundreds of career resources. Get the edge app to schedule and program clients enjoy half off all certifications and specializations. Access free CEUs and more. All this for just $35 a month. Go to nsm.org forward slash membership to learn more about NASM1. So windy when it comes to the preparation thing and you talked about doing multiple sports. What sports did you do again? I cheered, I danced, I ran track, I played tennis. All in the same year. Rit, you could do five, four, five. Well, I mean, I didn't do tennis in our high school, but I played like one at our wreck, like where my dad was in member, where we were, oh, go. So we played super competitive, but it wasn't, it wasn't like a, I just played in the, when I could. Just kidding, let's just say that. But now I mean, we would go for cheer, let's say we're doing that for football season. And as soon as it was done, sometimes they were overlapped. I ran sprints, I was 400 and mile relay. That was my, those were my three. I was a relay girl. I was good. Wow. I know. I've always been a team player. Right. Well, I know you're a part, I mean, because for one to be a cheerleader, you gotta be pretty powerful, right? Were you one of those that were doing like the back hands brings across? Yeah, I was a player. That was awesome. You were a good one. Go, I grew up once I stopped. So maybe it's something about, you may stump your growth, but yeah, I grew up. Well, the reason why I asked is because when I was growing up and I was playing sports, I did football in the fall. I did wrestling in the winter and then I did track for a couple of seasons, but then I wound up doing baseball. So my point is saying that and asking, because I was really curious about, I mean, you did the cheer thing. Sprinting I didn't know so much, but I know you're very active in tennis now. So my point to saying that is if you're talking about, you know, say a three star athlete, but if you're, I am only three. Well, I'll say your five star, can you do a big negative? Can you fit that many sports in the season? But what my point being is that you'll have your, your fall, your winter, and your spring sports. So if we're talking about somebody who's just doing one sport, and they, yeah, you want to make sure that you build in your preseason conditioning to make sure that you're ready for that one sport. But if you're somebody who's like, what I did, you know, you got in shape playing football because you ran plenty. But then when it came to now migrating into the winter sport, that what I did in football, got me someone set up for wrestling. Well, there's impact that's hitting. We're running. I mean, it's not exactly the metabolic needs that, that a grappler needs, but you kind of wrestle your way to shape. And then when I did play baseball, where that's, you know, that'll hold out a metabolic needs there. But I had to be powerful enough to throw the ball, sprint from, you know, home to first, first, the second around the basis, or as an outfielder, I had to be explosive to get to the ball. But my point to saying that is if you're playing a sport, yeah, they may not be an exact transition from one sport to the other, but what I tell my kids and tell my parents of the kids that I work with is the fact that, hey, you're doing something, you're out there, you're rotating, you're squatting, you're lunging. And you know, you name the sport, but you're active and you're getting some conditioning. Now, you might want to add some, as a sports specific stuff. So if you're going from wrestling to baseball, yeah, you probably do want to get keep some throwing or keep some shoulder health, you know, programming in there for the sake of making sure that when it's time to put on with love and throw a ball, that you have some coordination for that sport. But overall, if you're playing sport after sport, after sport, to hit the ball, the winner in the spring, just know that sometimes you're going to get some that ancillary condition, like some people who do cross-country in the fall, there's some conditions so that when spring comes around and it's time to do that for by 100 Wendy. You're in some shape for that next sport. Well, and that's one of the reasons truly that I were in trash. I did not like it, and then, you know, but it was one of those that kept me in shape. And then I would play tennis, like I said, in the summer, just for fun, just so I could just continue to move. And I needed to be stronger. But yeah, I mean, you have to continue to practice your hone in, your craft, or whatever it is for your sport. So, so that's also important because you must remember, I mean, it's easier to get back if you've done it your whole life, and you know how to do certain drills or moves or flips or tombs or whatever it may be. But, you know, I think I think it's going to be important to that we mentioned some common pitfalls that I think, you know, people need to avoid because I think this is where we kind of get stuck as a parent as well. We're like, my son just tried out this past weekend, and I'm like, oh man, you know, he was doing different things this summer, and it was because I wanted him just to not, I want him to love baseball if he wants to love baseball. But if I'm always constantly throwing it down his throat, and that's the only sport that he's playing, and that's all he knows, I'm not doing, I'm doing him a distrust this because again, repetitive motion, repetitive movement patterns, but it's also not challenging him to do something different, but I'm also like, oh man, you know, we need to get out there like you said through the ball, like let's, you know, we need him to go and pick up the bat and hit, and then it starts to get to be too much too fast. If we're not careful, I mean, again, he was doing other things, so I felt comfortable saying, okay, let's go hit, let's go do this. But if he were to do have been doing nothing besides being with his friends playing video games and I'm like, oh, you're going to go try out. We need to hurry up and get you in shape, and then I try to crush him over a week in before trial. That's where we start to see some tissue injuries. We start to see him get really sore. We see the body breakdown, and then they get into, to making the team hopefully, and then those constant repetitive movement patterns, it's not a good setup. It is not, so you really want to be careful with that. Yeah, and I think when you're young, you think you're Superman, you think you're invisible. Yeah, you go straight to the one to five reps, right? One to five red max, and it's your first day back. There's no, there's no tissue tolerance, right? You haven't built anything up. So that point of too much too fast, if they're trying to go for a running back position. Yeah, they're going to try and run the fastest 40 they can all year, but structures like the foot and ankle, the Achilles, the calf, the knee, can that do the work that you wanted to do today, maybe four weeks from now, but not today, right? So that's a big part of it. One other pitfall is, in fact, that in light of what we know today about the need for recovery, and you and I, Wendy, have said this many times on random fit, it's said, you know, we're really good at putting stress into the body, but how good are we at managing or taking stress out of the body? So recovery, you know, you and I will talk about it with our clients who are older, but you know, the best time for someone to learn about recovery is the teens, right? Because they're going, their body's going to go through it. So why not teach them how to manage physical stress? Oh, 100% and nutrition, what to eat, you know, while you're putting in your body is fueling, fueling the system and, you know, what you put into it is what you get out of it. That's what I always tell my clients, especially my yard guys, if you want to be the best, then we're going to have it mentality and you're going to do what it takes for you to be the best. And that means you're going to have to look at your nutrition, you're going to have to look at your rest, you're going to have to think about possible recovery boots or some recovery percussion device. There's something among those lines that's going to help you get ready for the next day, while you're hopefully doing some sort. It doesn't have to be where we're hitting hard every single day because we've talked about, can you and I have talked about different ways of doing active recovery? It doesn't mean when we say recovery that you just sit there, it's doing stretching, it's doing yoga type things, it's going for walks, it's foam rolling, it's doing things that are going to benefit you. So the next time you do go hard, whether it's in the gym or at practice or with your team, your body is more prepared and in better alignment than if you did nothing. I think that's the the biggest thing, coaches are really becoming more and more focused on individualization. I know that they have been hired by multiple teams to come out and do preassessments with the teams to we so we can do like an individualized corrective program that they do before they actually go and meet with their strength and conditioning coach. And I'm seeing this more and more and I love being a part of it because I feel like that's what's lacking is you know that the coaches will have the entire team do this dynamic warm-up and then they go and they everyone's doing the same thing. When if we can just do a little bit of individualization first it's going to help help the actual students or athletes if you will prepare the way that they need to prepare. And I think I think we're seeing coaches kind of have that mindset which I'm loving not all sports but I know there's certain sports that we're getting there and then I think we're also looking to see coaches not just going out and trying to run them. Let's see who's going to throw up. Let's see who's passed out. Let's see who's the strongest and who's going to be the first to say I can or give up. I mean I'm not saying you know we're focusing on raising the week because I'm all about you got to push your limit but then there's also a time to be like okay enough enough and looking at proper progression throughout the season. I've seen more people focusing on that and I mean only time will tell but if you could do your part four to eight weeks before the actual sport and start working on that's going to help develop yourself or your athletes then it's a win. Yeah and I think one more you know one last point when is that when when an athlete when high school athlete has taken a time they've done that four to eight weeks leading up to the season that that's you know there's a big that's a big confidence builder and I think I said this before but if you can build that team camaraderie don't be the only guy that's out there if you know who your teammates are you you can get a hold of them make it a group thing because now it's like it's bringing to together your team and you're you're actually fostering that aspect of leadership and you know that you know if you're putting in the work you know that person next to you is putting in the work then there's going to be a that higher level of trust when it comes to okay can I trust this person to be in shape can I trust this person to have the discipline to do what they're supposed to do when that when it really matters so you know that that mental psychosocial side of of sports definitely plays its plays a role when when you as an individual do what you need to do to be in the to be in the best shape that you can but if you can take somebody along with you who's going to be in the same sport maybe take that same journey with you that just builds confidence all the way around so there's there's there's there's that part I mean that that's not the side that usually gets addressed when it comes to preseason conditioning but I think it's it's a part that can you know can make a difference especially when you know maybe you don't have a winning record and morale is low but you know at least you know that you did what you could to to put the best efforts forward when it when it's time to compete well there's that there's and you guys can look at it seven I don't have to draw like throughout any names but there was a professional athlete that would always say in every interview and every documentary and every everything no one will outwork me ever ever and so every time people would go and work with them his job was to make sure no one outworked him and it was because he wanted to be pushed and he was also going to show that he wasn't going to give up and he was going to do what it took to be the best on the court or whatever sport he was in so if you go in with that mentality or if you have kids that are going to play a sport you try to teach them that mentality you work hard and you work harder than everyone else you will become the best if that's the mentality you want to teach it's one that really works and it's one that we say to are you going to work harder than him yes well and show me and it's fun because it's competitive and remember if you're working with athletes especially high school that's when the competitive really comes out and it makes for a very fun session and yeah something to think about so I'm going to think about yeah thanks for you know bringing this topic up I know we had just been talking about all these different sports are coming up we've got a bunch of different players coming in finishing starting it's like a lot and so I thought this was when you said let's do it for every timing and thanks for yep and never bad time to yeah never bad time to think about preparation right just just be ready all the time so I think yeah thank you for your insight on this topic about you know preseason conditioning the high school addition might have another addition come up who knows but for those of you listening to us both Wendy bats and I can't Miller here on this episode of round of bit thank you so much for your time and giving us your attention for this episode so all we ask is like follow subscribe download share let us know what you want to talk about on other episodes future episodes when it comes to random bit so until next time everybody take care and be well